Chopin: Etudes, Opp. 10 And 25 is a 1990 Naxos recording featuring pianist Idil Biret. Keith Anderson has written the music notes. Highly recommended. 5/5.
Just got to say that after all these years of hearing countless versions of the four seasons, this is still the best one I know of. Very strong, no frills in the final movements. It feels like it sounds and that to me is what this piece is meant to be.
Nishizakis violin is wonderful. The four seasons by Vivaldi is always enjoyable and listening to a master viloinist play is a truly remarkable experience. The only way to improve the experience is to hear it live or to be Nishizaki and get to play it yourself.
I am in total agreement with everything JohnL wrote in his review. I have been listening to Vivaldi since I was a mere lad on some old LP's my mother had. Of all the classical music in her collection Vivaldi has been and always will be my favorite. There is something in his concertos, especially his violin concertos that stirs the soul. Unlike other composers, his music seems to stay with one. If you purchase no other, purchase this one, you will not be sorry.http://www.amazon.com/Vivaldi-Violin-Concertos-Nos-7-12/dp/B000QQOSRY
Magnificent guitarist!I heard him play in late 1990's and knew he was going to be a phenomenal guitarist!Bravo!
This album is a joy IF...you like clarinet music!I just heard it and bought it. I look for clarinet music groups. They are rare. This is not only a rare group but they play well together. I wish they made more albums like this.
A few years before I bought this album I had bought the CDs for Symphonies 1 and 2. I can at least say that if you loved Symphony No. 2, you'll probably love 3. It seems like most reviewers prefer 3, but for some reason I like 2 even better, but I am very happy with this CD.If you're new to Bruckner, check this album out, especially if you already like Beethoven and Berlioz. The first listen-through might seem a bit dry, but like many truly great artists, Bruckner's symphonies become better each time you listen to them. The cover art Naxos has chosen for these recordings, of grand, luminist mountains and forests, are an apt visual metaphor for Bruckner's music. They have the majesty of wilderness mountains, and the contemplative soul will appreciate the accumulation of beauty as it is seen in different seasons and lights.
Wonderfully colorful piano works. Scherbakov provides us with a brilliant rendering of all12 pieces.Lovely recording with excellent fidelity.Highly recommended!
It is nice to know that another composer also composed 12 Transcendental Etudes in the tradition of Liszt.  This is a very enjoyable CD.  I felt that Liszt's 12 Transcendental Etudes are more melodically memorable than Liapunov's dozen.  That said, the Liapunov etudes are quite intricate and exciting to listen to.  Upon initially discovering this CD, I had never heard of the pianist nor the composer; however, they both do not disappoint.
I'm 77, and I can't believe I never heard this music before! I have heard of Billy Mayerl, but not much of his music. This album is a delight, combining three of my favorite musical elements--full orchestra, sophisticated rhythms, and catchy melodies. The more you listen to it, the more you love it. I feel as if I've discovered a buried treasure.
I have just loved this music ever since I first heard it. I appreciate having it available on my Kindle and laptop.
I have the Sir Neville Marriner / Los Angeles recording, but i had lost this one and actually liked this one better.
The sound quality was really good and it included the full ballet score.  I bought this in prep for the live performance I had tickets for.  I really enjoyed the cd.
Enjoy this tremendously.  Saw the ballet recently done by the New Zealand National Ballet.  Was so taken with the performance that I had to have the complete ballet.
This recording has the complete music collection for Adam: Giselle ballet. I spent a whole day researching the music for a variation and purchased a recording which did not contain all the music. It was costly and frustrating. I was very pleased that this recording  properly labeled each track so that I was able to find the music I was searching for.
As I type this there is only one other review, Mr Morrison's, and I am happy to agree with every bit of it.  I just want to add a word on behalf of the lutenists, Wilson and Rumsey.  I am not a lutenist myself but I do play some other string instruments.  I cannot recommend these musicians highly enough - words fail me.Aside from raving about the excellence of this recording, about all I can add is a comment for those who may be unfamiliar with the lute.  If you hunting around out of curiosity and only planning to purchase a single recording, at least for now, you might consider a different recording by these same artists.  It is titled "Early Venetian Lute Music" and is available as both an MP3 and a CD here on Amazon.  It has the virtue of featuring works by several composers, so is perhaps a better survey.  But you can't really miss either way.
I love early music and this recording is great. Good sound reproduction with a very &#34;open&#34; sound. Excellent for peaceful relaxation!
These are several small ensemble pieces, nicely executed, and very pleasant background music for relaxation or reading a book.  There is always something worthwhile in anything Haydn.
I bought this album mainly for the #2 song, Ciaconna in C major, but I found I enjoyed every piece on teh album equally as well. This is a quality album of the instrumental music from the 17th Century and you won't be disappointed if you buy it. Of course, if you only listen to rock, hip hop, or country, pass it up.
ths are one of the best Performances, but in the MP3  downloadable version tracks 7, 8, and 9 are defective.
I have been buying the Naxos label for years and have always appreciated their choice of artists and their ability to produce a product with satisfying sound. I must admit that I have no training in either music or sound reproduction--so you are getting a true amateur's viewpoint. I thoroughly enjoyed the quartets on this recording and unhesitatingly recommend them.
Mozart's piano concertos are a remarkable series of masterworks that I have loved for years.  These two piano quartets were a discovery: they have the intricacy and development of the piano concertos, with the strings playing the orchestral part while the piano explores complex melodies--darker in the first quartet, more grand in the second.  The performances are superb.  Well worth it for any Mozart fan.
I highly recommend this for those interested in hearing Mandarin sung performances with excellent orchestration. Also, for those who like requiems.
Really great chill out music. Cant say much about the classical music part Not an expert I just know what I like to hear.
Unfortunately I travel quite a lot for my job, and so I have a HDX with movies, books and music loaded that goes with me everywhere. This is the latest addition to the music collection. Marvellous music that lulls me to sleep on the plane.
First, this is more a review of Coste's works than Marc Teicholz's performance.  Although Marc's performance is very competent and compliments the music very well.I am a big Classical Guitar fan and am just beginning to rediscover the wonderful works of this oft overlooked composer. The collection of waltzes Feuilles d'automne, Op 41, on this recording are extremely charming and I find myself going back to time and time again.  Coste's music expresses a light and lively, joyous character that is infectious.  Another of my favorites pieces from this collection is the Rondeau: Allegretto, Op 43.If you enjoy Classical Guitar or the light and lively French music of the 19th Century, I don't see how you could go wrong with this collection.
I love all of Bach's music and the organ.  So, when I learned that Bach studied with Pachelbel I looked into HIS organ music and was happy to learn he wrote quite a bit.  By chance I sampled this CD of Rubsam and compared it with some other interpreters and was won over by his style, phrasing, and registrations.  He revealed more musicality in his playing than any other performer I have head play Pachelbel organ music.  Most of them are metronomic, flat, boxy, mechanical, phraseless, and frankly boring.  Not Rubsam.  Engaging, revealing, exciting, fresh, he exposes beauty in the music that is not evident in the written scores - which I have read. I've played it over and over again - for months! A flawless and inventive interpretation of a composer who deserves more exposure - one of the precursors to and formers of J.S.Bach. HIGHLY recommended.
had this several years ago and it got away from me. glad to have it again and enjoying it.
I played several times during the holiday as background Christmas activity music. Enjoyed it. On the last Sunday night in Advent, I retreated into my chair with a glass of wine, some candles and a cat in my lap. Incredibly spiritual and restful music. Can't wait for the first Sunday in Advent evening.
This music uses period instruments and the recording doesn't sound too high tech. It has a quaint ambiance that I just love and it takes me hundreds of years back in time. I highly recommend it.
THE BEST OF ROSSINI from NAXOS is packed with nearly 77 minutes-worth of nicely interpreted music. Expected familiars are here (Tell, Seville, Magpie), plus the album is rounded out with excellent string sonatas and operatic highlights of Cinderella and Seville."Brava!" to contralto Ewa Podles (Cinderella). Barber interpreters Roberto Servile (baritone), Sonia Ganassi (mezzo-soprano) and Angelo Romero (bass) also deserve more than one curtain call, especially Servile's "Figaro."The CD's insert is primarily an opportunity to recommend other NAXOS Rossini sets. Super-clean DDD transfers reveal the tiniest of anomalies. Example:Whoever mixed the Zagreb's Magpie certainly had fun with channel shifting. On headphones the first woodwind statement obviously travels from mid-left channel to center. More noticeably, the triangle starts extreme right then within two minutes slides across until it reaches far left soundstage. In the 60s, these maneuvers on rock music recordings were innovative, but here an attentive listener is distracted by them. Can't fault the orchestra's lively performance, however-- it's top shelf.Zagreb orchestra's set closing Tell overture offers a couple of surprises-- heavy percussion in the storm sequence has a clarity one rarely (if ever) encounters. The flautist's slight soloing tempo shifts in the after-storm section and an obvious kick into high gear for the work's coda are also most welcome.Ths is truly one of the better Rossini samplers. Buy with confidence!
GOOD INTRUMENTAL PERFORMANCE ORCHESTRA IT IS UPLIFTING AND SOOTHES THE SOUL SO IT IS VERY WELL COMPOSED AND DONE WELL
Not perhaps spectacular, but this recording of the 2nd avoids most of the errors in it that happen with the typical budget recordings. In comparison to other Naxos sets, all of them, 1-7, are fine. If I recall, the 4th has tubular bells, not glockenspiel.If you finds a box set of the symphonies, get it by all means. The more recent Naxos sets by Inkinen and by Sakari are not better, though recording technology has improved a bit.I definitely like the 2nd here, about half of the recordings of the 2nd are not this good.
The recording of Humoreske is simply stunning, it is perhaps my favorite on disc.  Harden navigates the changes of mood and rhythm without losing sight of the work's overall dramatic arch.  Add the fact that this is a bargain price and the seldom-recorded Reger variations and this is one of the best piano discs around.
Haydn is great.  I'm enjoying the recordings.  Why do you need more words words words words words words words words
This is an excellent album by the US Marine Band. This is the oldest of the US Service bands and this album certainly honors that long tradition. From the familiar William Tell Overture to the other classical masterpieces on this album you won't be disappointed. The album cover shows exactly the feel you will get. I just close my eyes and imagine sitting in one of those grand european opera houses. The music fits perfectly with the scene and if you download it you can sit right next to me in the queens box.
I was introduced to this ballet piece sixty years ago when RCA sold it on a vinelite record; I do not recall the orchestra who performed it. I thought it was majestic, particularly the Autumn suite. In the interim a recording has been hard to find, overshadowed by Vilvaldi&#34;s &#34;The Seasons&#34; , performed by numerous orchestras and obviously more popular with the public. Having purchased, and heard Glazunov's Seasons by the Slovak Philharmonic ( Of which I know nothing), the resulting rendition is everything I could have hoped for; ballet-program music at its best! Compare it with Vilvaldi's work and I'll hazard the guess that three out of four will take the Glazunov , as have I.
Search for baby lullaby music, and you will soon find that most of this so-called music is crappy electronic/midi recordings of synthesized instruments. Why is this? I have no idea. Filling the ears of little ones with synthesized music is akin to feeding your baby a TV dinner when you have a fresh garden in your back yard. Hearing develops fairly early in the womb - it is bizarre that most baby music assumes the little ones possess the abbility to make the distinction between a generic synthesized instrument play be a computer to the timbre of a physical instrument played by a human.That said, this CD is excellent. This is real music, played by real people, on real instruments. It is a great collection, too (I do not perfer the last two tracks of the album, but that is completely my personal taste). There is piano solo music, orchestrations, and orchestral accompaniments to flute and clarinet solos - all very peaceful and relaxing. This CD is exactly what I was looking for. Very well done.In case you do not know, most of the material from the Naxos label is of high quality. Naxos albums are typically priced lower than albums from more mainstream labels. Naxos has a knack for finding excellent recordings and excellent performances of not-yet mainstream artists. After seeing this this album is from Naxos, I was sold. You should be, too.
These are very fine accounts of two of the great masterpieces of the string quartet repertoire. Stylistically, they straddle his ethereally melodic but still Brahmsian American period, and the later, strikingly personal idiom of e.g. his symphonic poems, Rusalka and last string quartet. The so-called American quartet is of course the most popular work here, with its mesmerizing bird-call third movement, beautifully catchy incorporations of spirituals and general profoundly full of life and wistfulness, but the 13th is no less exellent (if less immediately attractive), brimful of spirit and memorable themes and touches.The Vlach quartet once again prove themselves to be world-class musicians; the 12th quartet is full of energy, and the first movement is excellently paced, with the succession of themes flowing naturally and beautifully. The slow movement is sensitive and reflective, truly underlining the sweet and wistful melodic lines. The third and fourth movements are excellent as well, with the birdcalls truly singing and the final swaggering and full of spirit, and the performances draw together in a truly remarkable and joyful finish. The 13th quartet is an altogether more introvert work, and the Vlach quartet brings out the slightly restless spirit and the mournful energy and panache of the work in full.In short, these are well-neigh remarkable performances. Overall, the series hovers between 4 and 5 stars, and while this disc is, perhaps, not significantly different than the others in terms of quality of performance, it sports even better sound quality than the others. Indeed, the sound quality is truly top-notch, well-balanced, transparent and with true depth. In sum, a quite outstanding release.
this is one of my all-time favorite string quartets and this recording if it is very enjoyable.  Nice cover photo, too.
It is a credit to the progress made in modern music performance that there are now more easily obtainable recordings of what used to be considered 'minor' composers. It is difficult to see how Buxtehude could be considered minor, but there is a large body of his work which still needs to be celebrated as it is on this recording. It was not without reason that the great J.S. Bach walked for days to visit Buxtehude, and suffered a jail term, to witness and absorb what he had to offer. Today all you need to do is buy this recording!
This is a review of the MP3 version of this album. Joseph Banowetz isone of the unsung heroes of the classical music world for championing workssuch as we are given here. His traversal of all five of the Rubinstein concertos is noteworthy in itself, but I confess that I bought this MP3prepared to be disappointed. I had owned these same performances on compact disc and had cherished the "Caprice Russe" for the gem that it is, but had never really paid much mind to the Concerto No. 5. Long ago Adrian Ruiz had committed the E-flat Concerto to LP, and I shared the general opinion that his performance would never be surpassed. Nor am I prepared to say that it has been surpassed by Banowetz, but if he has not equalled it, he has come close.Some of my previous perceptions may have been influenced by the characterof the sound system I  possessed, when I had the compact disc. On this MP3 version to my ears, the piano is very forward in thesound scheme, not usually to the detriment of the orchestral accompaniment,except in a few places. The piano writing is in the grand manner--it is, afterall, Rubinstein--and it benefits from being placed very much in the foreground.And, while Banowetz has never been my ideal Rubinstein pianist, he is clearly up to the task of supplying not only sufficient poetry where needed, but alsothe requisite technical fireworks, of which there are a great many in this piece. Indeed,as I listened, I marvelled at how anyone, other than Rubinstein himself, could possibly play such a work in the concert hall.Well, people other than the composer have actually done it (Joseph Levine comes to mind), though I believe that they have been few and far between. So the pygmies and naysayers have to spout their irrelevancies: "how dare he write a piano concerto in the same key as Beethoven's 5th," "doesn't sound Russian enough," etc.The writer of the notes for Ruiz' LP had the perfect response to the effect that, whether it sounded German, Russian, or whatever, it "makes good sound." Incidentally, Rubinstein, born in the Russian Empire, worshipped Beethoven and came from a home where the father was of Russian, the mother of German, extraction, so perhaps he may be forgiven for sounding a little German. He tried writing opera in a Russian style early in his career, was not gratified by success, and abandoned it. Many of his early works do sound somewhat German, whatever that means. Which leads us to the "Caprice Russe."That work dates from Rubinstein's later period, when after meeting success on the operatic stage with "The Demon," a thoroughly "Russian" work (whateverthat means), he began to write in a style that, even to the Mighty Five, wasrecognizably Russian in character. The Caprice offered here is a mini-concerto,about twenty minutes in length, which ought to be heard in the concert hall. I dare say, if it had the name Tchaikovsky appended to it, we would hear it occasionally, if not frequently. Banowetz serves the music well, and we are indebted to him for bringing this piece to the light of day.In my youth, a music professor, when I told him I only liked a few composers, pointedly asked me, "Why limit yourself to just one thing?" Why indeed. This music is not for Philistines, not for music "critics," who in their ignorance and laziness, have spouted the same prejudicial stupidities about Rubinstein and his music for the better part of the last 100 years. The incontrovertible fact is that today, a lot of people, including professional musicians, seem to like Rubinstein's music enough to record it and to listen toit. Obviously, much of it "makes good sound." Do yourself a favor and try thismusic.
These pieces were new to me, but they are really pretty, It is perfect to listen to when you need to calm down!
If you like ancient music, particularly chants, then this CD will not disappoint.  I recieved this as a gift, and never tire of listening to this music.  What I particularly like is both the male and female voices....at times singing alone and at times doing a back and forth with each other.  Calming contemplative music that you will enjoy for years to come.
I've lived with this recording for over a decade, and grow more and more impressed with it.  I have other versions of these symphonies, notably the new ones released by Naxos, as well as old Supraphon ones, and Jarvi's collection on Chandos.  Somehow, I still prefer these for the following reasons: Jarvi is usually too fast as a conductor, and he seems to race through all the symphonies, though he does a good job otherwise and they are beautifully recorded.  The new versions by Stilec (also on Naxos) are well-played, though the sound isn't extraordinary and at times they seem a little slow.  However, they come with beautiful bonus works such as Impressions of the Countryside, At Twilight, etc., so that makes them worth buying.  The old Supraphon versions are in fairly awful mono sound, though the performances are first-rate.  So that leaves these ones from Mogrelia, an old Naxos standby who recorded a beautiful version of Prokofiev's Romeo and Juliet ballet, Tchaikovsky's Sleeping Beauty, and many more.  Not surprisingly, he brings a balletic lilt to this music, which is very dance-like, betraying its Bohemian origins.  The orchestra--drawn from players around Prague--plays beautifully and makes the music shine.  The sound isn't exactly first-rate, but it's not bad, either.  To me it's simply the version to own, since Symphonies 1 and 2 complement each other so well.To the music: this is a little more subtle than late Dvorak or Tchaikovsky, so you need to listen a few times before making snap judgments.  One of the reviews below dismisses Symphony No.1 as not memorable, which is an astounding statement, since it's full of gorgeous melodies, great orchestration, and toe-tapping rhythms.  Listen to the opening: a yearning theme in flutes (almost like the sunrise on a dewy summer morning) opens up in a blaze of orchestral warmth.  The first movement is full of pastoral glory and the melodies that came so easily to Fibich.  The scherzo is in the vein of Dvorak's Legends or gentler Slavonic Dances, starting off boisterously before a darker-hued, and more stamping trio sets in (Fibich excels in the trios to his scherzo movements).  A bardic slow movement follows, very singable, before the high spirits of the finale, which reminds me of early Dvorak (his 3rd symphony, in particular).The Second Symphony, as second symphonies often go, is a bit more accomplished and exciting.  The opening movement sounds reminiscent of Smetana's Ma Vlast, though with even more opulence and a Wagnerian glow.  What really sets Fibich apart is his orchestration--always a highlight of Czech composers.  He simply knew how to use the orchestra and do exciting things to even the simplest phrases.  The scherzo is a complete tour de force, with a trio that becomes darker and almost angry in its stamping phrases.  Mogrelia puts this across quite well, starting out softly and growing with intensity until the scherzo takes over.  The slow movement is gorgeous, like an intimate confession (and indeed, much of the melodic material of this symphony was borrowed from small piano piece 'diaries' he kept throughout his life).  The finale is thrilling, again a bit like the finale of Dvorak's 4th symphony, but less monothematic.This is a marvelous disc and a great introduction to Fibich's symphonies.  Sadly, Naxos never bothered to have Mogrelia record No.3, which is his symphonic masterpiece, though Stilec has probably recorded it for release in 2014 or 2015.
Lovely music. I recently purchased several CDs of Godard's music after hearing a piece on classical radio. He truly carried on the lyrical traditions of Schubert and Mendelssohn.
Handel: Organ Concertos, Op. 4, Nos. 1-6 is a recording under the direction of Bradley Creswick who leads the Northern Sinfonia on this Naxos recording from 1996. The organ is played by Simon Lindley and I must it was pure enjoyment and pleasure to listen to Mr Lindley. The music notes have been written by Keith Anderson and one also gets short biographies of the conductor and the soloist. Highly recommended. 5/5.
cant lose with these recordings.  good song selection and best recording of them.  this will repeat some of my library but that is inevitable when you want collections that are prepared.  i gladly leave that organizing task to others who can do it well.
I bought this and downloaded it the same day because I needed some Bach for our homeschool composer study. This was perfect -- a sampling of Bach music, selected by experts who know what is Bach's best. I didn't have to hunt down specific songs or even leave home to shop. The Very Best of Bach served our purposes wonderfully. I burned the music to disc and played it in the background all term. Now it's part of our classical music collection.
When I first encountered this solo piano music of the long-lived Frederic Mompous (1898-1987), thanks to the liner notes to Meredith Monk's piano duets, I browsed samples across the 6 volumes of this series. Hearing Mompou's first published works, Cants m&agrave;gics, I was sold. His 12 Preludes, spanning 1927 to 1960, are also remarkable. He was a miniature maven. Most of his scores lasted under two to three minutes. They are quiet, moody, somewhat nostalgic, and are more akin to Debussy than that famous miniaturist Erik Satie. Some works reflect impressions of his native Spain, though Mompous spent much of his life in Paris. Pianist Jordi Mas&oacute;, who has made these recordings a passion, even discovered unpublished pieces tucked away in the Biblioteca de Catalunya (Volume 6), and has commenced a song series as well. He is doing classical music a service, because, seriously, how many of us know of Mompou? This recordings are nicely engineered and performed and are available at budget prices through Naxos.
A long time ago, I started playing some of the music on this CD.  Technically, it is very difficult, but with the right interpretation, technique and talent, it can be done.  The Engulfed Cathedral is my all time favorite piece, but I also like the other pieces.The volume is varied a lot on this CD, but that really tells me how well this is played.  I own a powerful piano like the one played on here and it is VERY difficult to play some of the music as softly and as fast paced as is done on this CD.The Second Arabesque and Sarabande are my favorite pieces that reflect flexibility to play both a slow rate as well as a fast pace.  The Arabesque has a lot of awkward rhythm in it (2 notes per beat in one hand and 3 notes per beat in the other hand).I would probably play some of the music at a slightly slower pace, but that's up to personal preference.  Impressionist music is left up to interpretation.  I have this CD playing a LOT so I can study its music, relax by it and overall zone out with it.Debussy has always been my favorite composer.  His music is sort of like jazz because it has awkward rhythms, sounds and switches key signatures in one piece, but somehow returns back to the original theme.  This is somewhere in between classical and jazz as far as a style of music, but it kind of stands on its own as well.
One can imagine that this is how Debussy himself would have played this music. There are only a few pieces on this album that I don't enjoy.
Extraordinary music, beautifully performed! His music is expressive, bold and heart felt. I would recommend it highly as a gift...to someone else or yourself!
I gave it 5 stars for the good, different mix of music. (I purchased the full album via MP3 download). There are countless albums and a variety of versions to listen to regarding Gershwin's music in a half century or so. This is just another good compilation partly due to Leon Bates' interpretation of the 3 Preludes. I saw him in concert in Atlanta where he gave an invigorating performance of music that I know too well, yet his playing left me feeling uncharacteristically refreshed. Kathryn Selby also gives a perfect performance of another favorite: Piano Concerto in F Major. I never tire of that piece. Gershwin's posthumous  popularity is a reflection of his gift of writing a catchy tune and his genius for integrating his music into symphonies and other complex but emotional pieces that appeal to a wide audience. Enjoy it!
I'm all about 'background ambient' as I find noise (tv, radio, most music) too distracting when I'm trying to work. This qualifies as 'stringed ambient'. Recorded in 1988, unfortunately there appears to be nothing else by them, or so a five minute google search reveals. A shame, indeed.
This is another one of those Naxos discs that you don't expect, but when you hear it you think: Yes, this is it! Recorded in 1988 at the studios of the Czech recording company Opus, this disc presents music as played towards the end of the 19th century in Vienna by the Schrammel Quartet, a group which became world-famous playing a G clarinet, a bass guitar (thirteen strings and two necks!) and two violins. The music was lost for almost 80 years before being re-discovered in manuscript form by two Viennese professors; here it is played by the Thalia-Schrammeln, a quartet made up of graduates of the Vienna Musikhochschule and who have made it their task to play this music in its original form (as far as this is available), even wearing the traditional clothing during their performances (see the cover illustration). Of course, this is not "serious" music, although apparently Brahms, among others, was enamoured of it; mostly it sounds like a "pop" version of Johann Strauss Jr. with plenty of waltzes, polkas and marches, and for the uninitiated it is quite difficult to tell the pieces apart. But the recorded performance sounds really cute and definitely conveys that light-hearted, sassy Vienna feeling; the engineering is impeccable.
Perhaps the title should say just "The Best".  First the sonics are absolutely fine. It's 20 years old and sounds like it was recorded yesterday.The first CD is the Prologue and Act one. CD 2 is Act two, and CD 3 is the third act.Unlike others, Mongrelia does NOT race through numbers just to get it onto 2 CDs. This is not to say that some tempi aren't fast, but they are all balanced. When he should linger - Good Fairy's theme - he does, to stunning effect. The muscular moment are strong and have a resonant bass drum that is very present without obliterating the music.Most of all the piece is complete. Yes, it runs longer than Dorati, but Dorati takes some very "symphonic" tempi, which means he's dramatic but you couldn't dance to it. Mongrelia is actually better.Enjoy the Naxos price, too. Now if only Naxos would reissue the Lenard Swan Lake. It is uncut and fabulous, too.
beautifully played. The music is haunting and complex. If you are not familiar with "early music," this would be a good place to start.
Oh boy.. Simply Fantastic, I bought this CD because I am a German American and love my German roots right back to Schwabisch Hall in Wurttemberg ....  this is one CD that I will never part with and will always listen to. It has everything that I like about renaissance music...  it's fully and truly historically accurate and you can enjoy it knowing that someone else heard the same exact music across time and it just sounds like ancient Germany...  seems you can almost hear the two wheeled carts on the cobblestone streets and see the half timber buildings as you listen.... I think this is a great music CD and proud to have it... If you love The Fatherland, this is a must...
As I played this cd I felt myself move and play in my mind. It is so inspiring that sounds can alter our feelings and emotions. Thank you....
A lot of music! Really enjoyed this. A great addition to the music collection. The recording seems very good too.
These kinds of song cycles are often the finest examples of pure music-making: a singer and a pianist in a room.  What else do you need?The quality of the compositions accepted as a given (see J Scott Morrison above), I *so* wish more people would listen to real musicians like Williams and Burnside making real music instead of the manipulated noise that we are subjected to in popular media.  There is more musicality and more humanity in one measure of I Said To Love than in the entirety of whatever was played on commercial radio today, which is just incredibly disappointing.The songs are each breaths of fresh air, the musicality of the performers is superb and the quality of the recording is excellent.  This may be the best ~$8 you ever spend.
It is hard to believe that anyone who enjoys the Romantic era would be debating whether or not Raff fell into one school of music or another. That might be interesting as an historical footnote explaining why he was not popular after his death, but as a listener, this symphony is simply excellent, and the concluding movement contains a rather jovial theme. I'd recommend it.
This album has become part of my permanent rotation of background music at the office.  We don't get good radio reception, and we're not allowed to use the internet for non-business purposes, which leaves out both public radio and Pandora internet radio options.  Amazon has definitely helped me stock my mp3 player and CD collection.As for track 14, I knew the tune but had not yet learned the title, so I was pleasantly surprised to find "Adagio for Strings" as one of the tracks on this sampler.  It is a very moving piece of music even without videos or pictures to go along with it.  Even if your daytime/office radio choices are not as limited as mine are, I would still recommend this album for track 14 alone.This was a great buy, especially at 16 tracks of excellent music for $1.99, and I'm glad I came across it.  Some of the albums I've found on Amazon for good prices have even had so many tracks that I've had to burn an mp3 CD or multiple regular audio CD's just to make a backup of the entire album.
The web seems to say that this download includes both the original Broadway version (1946) and the original movie version (1950).  There are two versions of many of the songs, so there probably are two versions in the download.  Both are well done.The puzzling part is the performers' names.  Ethel Merman is listed on many of the songs; she played Annie in the Broadway play, so that fits.  However, Clyde Turner is listed as the artist on many of the songs sang by Frank, but Ray Middleton played Frank and he is not listed as the artist on any of the songs. I guess it's possible that Turner is the male singer in the recordings, but that seems very odd.On the second set of songs, apparently from the movie sound track, the singers' names are totally mixed up.  Males are listed as the performers on songs sung by females.  Betty Hutton, who played Annie, is not listed at all.  Howard Keel, who played Frank, is shown as the performer only on songs sung by females, except for one sung by both a male and a female.  Louis Calhern and Keenan Wynn are listed as the performers on most of the songs sung by males.  This can't be accurate.  Inasmuch as it is apparently a movie soundtrack, why would any artist other than the ones in the movie sing any of the songs?Despite the confusion on the performers, this recording is a real bargain and is very enjoyable if you like this style of music.
Beautiful music and superb conducting with skillful instrumentation.  What can I say, it sounds like the dvorak I fell in love with.
I discovered AMM by accident, and I'm glad I did. Although I'm not really an Opera fan, when I saw AMM sing and perform, I just had to have her CD. I suspect we will be hearing a lot more from this very talented lady. One of my favorite tracks on the CD is Romeo et Juliette, but they are all really good!
Sometimes you just want music that is beautiful and cheerful.  This is it, much mike Stamitz, a pure classical era composer.  No drama in the music.  If you want drama, you can pop in some Mozart.This is a well conducted and great cd.  A keeper!
These recordings of Telemann's wonderful sonatas are well done and are very baroque sounding, and as best I can tell are played on baroque instruments. Very nice addition to any classical collection.
I love love this album so much I am planing to buy the whole collection...great pieces, great sound, great orchestra...The pieces are more contemporary and although I do not pretend to be an expert in classical music, I can at the least recognize talent and beauty in music, and this one is jammed pack with all these attributes. Listen for yourself and enjoy. I bought with no regrets and as mentioned above, I'm getting the rest of them so that it can be heard on the spare of the moment anywhere I may be.Highly recommended
This is music that I wasn't familiar with. It is nice to hear something &#34;new&#34; by Sor and I think the guitarist is excellent. I would recommend this to anyone interested in guitar music of this period.
I purchased this album to load on my Amazon Kindle.  It provides great background music while I read.  Nothing too loud or obnoxious, just perfect for a reading background.
This is a fun collection of lively performances, full of zest and vigor. Listening to it always lifts my spirits. I highly recommend it if you're a fan of medieval music.
Not all bagpipe music is equal. This, however,is truly an excellent example of first class musicianship and a lovelyrepertoire of songs. Of course everyone ones loves the recognizablerendition of Amazing Grace on bagpipes, but this is a great introduction toother delightful melodies being performed on this distinctive and hauntinginstrument.
Perfect sound quality. Beautiful music. Superb interpretations but, I'm not a musician, only a music lover. You may disagree. We are all different. Sensibilities and expectations vary from person to person. Be your own judge.
This is what the 4th of July should be with military band patriotic music at it's best!!!
Volume 9 of Naxos' Romantic Piano Favourites is nothing less than a splendid recital by the Hungarian pianist Bal&aacute;sz Szokolay with as sublime highlights the excerpts from the Nos. 31-37 and 40 of B&eacute;la Bart&oacute;k's `For Children'.The recital contains also less played works by Louis Lef&eacute;bure-W&eacute;ly (Nocturne op. 54 The Monastery Bells), Moritz Moszkowski (op. 37 Caprice espagnol) and Edvard Grieg (Lyric Pieces, op. 38 No 1 Lullaby and op. 68 No 5 Cradle Song).A splendid introduction to classical piano music and a must for all fans of beautiful Romantic melodies.
I always thought of Nishizaki as a pop- classical not very serious player. Until I've listened to her Mozart and Beethoven sonatas. How wrong was I! Very top- notch playing.Deep and noble.  I think she is very underrated.
Had this album back in the 80's and found it so soothing. Don't own a record player anymore so this is a great way to get my music back.
I bought this album solely for its rendition of Mozart's Divertimento in D major, K. 136, my favorite feel-good music. I had already owned two other versions of it--one by I Musici, the other by Neville Marriner conducting the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields--but both of them seemed to have some awkward tempi problems, especially in the super-fast sections, so I recently searched further and happened upon this 1994 recording. Instead of a full orchestra, like the other two, it features just a string quartet--but what a quartet! Playing first violin, on a 1736 Stradivarius, is Ani Kavafian, who's showcased here. Her extraordinary performance gives fresh meaning to the word &#34;brio.&#34; It's truly electrifying. Every note is exceptionally clear, too, for she's not fighting to be heard in a full symphonic production.The other morning, right after breakfast, I played the three movements of the K. 136 for a houseguest who shares my love of Mozart. Since she's not shy about volume, I played them plenty loud, on my powerhouse Logitech S715i Portable (a truly first-rate speaker system, by the way), having earlier copied the CD onto my iPod, and watched for her reaction. For the full 15 minutes she stood there simply transfixed, beaming, even tearing. And when it was over, she exclaimed, &#34;I have to have it! That was simply glorious! And to think he was only 15 when he composed that!&#34;
Duos K.487 are written with basset horn in mind, despite that I play these duos on french horn.  There are no hunting calls or any of typical horn figures. On the other hand, it is a plethora of all kinds of sewing machine accompaniments and overall it is typical setting for woodwinds. As it is mentioned a first edition comes as for bassoon and two basset horn, instead.  My favorites are Divertimentos, even though they glimpse with very simple form. Music is catching on the first glance at Allegro, a diamond in both divertimentos. Buzz, air and clamps are part of imperfect ambience but heavenly music. These three guys make Sisyphus's effort to make these bamboo instruments playing Mozart, and they even make it lovely. I in a way, I fantasize that this is jazz music of 18th century so get the copy and enjoy!Mirro
I'm not an expert in this kind of religious choral music, but I do enjoy it and listen to a lot of it. I compared a number of versions of Requiem (both the 1893 and 1900 versions) on an online streaming service before buying, and this was the one I enjoyed the most. I prefer the 1893 version in general, but regardless of version I found the singing to be crispest here, and I love Lisa Beckley's voice as the soprano. I since also found out that this was the version used in the film &#34;Broken Flowers&#34;.
I just listened to other nice recordings that already had good reviews while mine is surprisingly the first here.I'm studying the Coronation Mass to sing with my choir, so already know some of it. The voices sound a bit younger, but I'm able to hear the parts much more clearly on this recording than the others which had more theater echo to them. From the samples I heard, this will be the one I use in between rehearsals.
Late at night, after the working day is done, dinner has been served and the football game has ended, some people like to kick back with a good book to help them enjoy the rest of the night before bed. During the day, when given the chance, I bombard my ears with symphonic music, especially symphonies and poems by romantic composers like Liszt, Myaskovsky, Brahms, Beethoven, Raff, Saint-Saens and the occasional Atterberg. At night, partly because I'm pensive, and partly because I don't want to disturb the neighbors, I gravitate to my all piano program. This usually means sonatas by Beethoven, Haydn, and Czerny and piano pieces by Chopin, Liszt, Busoni, and Schubert with the occasional Scriabin thrown in for good measure. I had the chance to audition David's Les Brises d'Orient recently and I was extremely pleased. When I listen to it I hear shades of Chopin, Field and Alkan. Not a note seems out of place. Daniel Blumenthal's fleet-fingered performance is warming and gentle to the ear. The recording is superb. The crispness of the strings, the dynamism from ppp to fff, and the rhythms and tempi of his interpretations are nothing less than stunning. All of the works, firmly entrenched in the romantic vein, wouldn't sound out of place next to the works by, say, Mendelssohn, Schumann or Rachmaninov. And that is a good thing.
I play this while painting and it ALWAYS puts my brain waves on the right level...its good for putting you in a creative zone.
Pieces you don't hear very often in the concert hall.  What a pity.  Beautiful music.  Seductive in some ways.  A great value for the price.
Cecil Burleigh (1885-1980) wrote several series of fine short violin pieces based on various themes (Nature's Voices, Indian Sketches, Boyhood Recollections, Plantation Sketches, etc.).  Every piece is worthwhile, and if not as distinctive as the short works of Kreisler, this music is very affecting and excellently played by Schiff and Barranger.  I would very much like to hear a recording of Burleigh's two religious-themed violin sonatas - The Ascension, and St. Paul - as well as his two violin concertos.
Reasonable price for some beautifully interpreted nocturnes. One of the most romantic interpretations I heard.Will buy more of her Chopin recordings.
I first heard these sonatas on public radio and was delighted to find them as downloads.  My birds are so relaxed by the lovely woodwinds and it drowns out the outside sounds of hawks if I play it in the aviary.
Brahms: String Quartets Op. 51, Nos. 1 And 2 is a 1996 Naxos recording starring Quatuor Ludwig as they play Brahm's String Quartets op. 51 Nos. 1 and 2. Sound quality and it verily feels as listening to it in person. Keith Anderson has written the music notes. A great recording that I very much enjoyed listening to. Highly recommended. 5/5.
I felt like listening to some Handel the other night, and came across this wonderful collection of concertos. It really is a nice collection of pieces. This may be one of my favorite collections. I'll be listening to it on my next road trip.
An outstanding collection of moving pieces taken from the Penitential Rite of various Masses written by some of the greatest composers of all time. Great for reflection or listening pleasure.
One of the best compositions from Raja so far, listened to Thiruvasakam so many times, but in symphony, no words to explain
I have no words to praise the maestro. Simply amazing? Excellent album? Wonderful composition? What to say? Nothing would summarize...
I picked this up on CD format years ago from the hands of Ray Flacke himself.  This is still one of my favorite albums to put on and just relax to.  It's all acoustical, no lyrics or other instruments found here.  Ray Flacke has a way about him that is wholly infectious, both in his music and personally.  He's been a telecaster guitar player for decades, and his solo work is nothing short of incredible.  Do yourselves a favor and snatch this up immediately.  This was a self produced album, so more of a reason to give your money to the master behind this album.  Put it on, kick back with a glass of wine(or water if you're not into that) and enjoy.  You'll feel like you should be in a quiet candlelit tavern on an undiscovered corner of the universe, feeling your cares wash away as Ray does what he does best, seduces a guitar to it's weakining point, and making it his own, through and through.
Great performances...sensitive execution of the music that expresses the composer's musical and artistic intent. I recommend buying this recording...its a delight and education to listen to it
D-dur No.11: It was Wandowska and Adagio(Largetto) dated back in 1937.; then Jorg and Vivace 1968.; and know Palumbo and Rondo Allegro Assai , all together one memory performance!!! Kidding of course, you won't miss a bit if you have them all, and remember they are avant-garde on their time. BRAVO MASSIMO!!!!!! To say, it is extremely stylish, I crazy about your tempos - BELISSIMA!!!!!MIRRO
Exquisite music, exemplary playing, excellent recording quality: a sublime trinity. The Villa-Lobos Preludes are naturally the highlights of this set. Without descending into the maudlin, Sanders plays them with great sensitivity throughout. This is particularly evident on Prelude 3, the latter half of which all too often becomes an extended exercise in excruciating sentimentalism. Sanders happily avoids this execrable vulgarity.Truly, Sanders' playing all around is just perfect. His tone is liquid gold. And most refreshingly, he plays these pieces as they were meant to be played. For instance, on Prelude 4, the harmonics section is played as written: moderato. I've heard no one else do this. They usually ignore this and continue lento. He's equally faithful to the other pieces. For Sanders, it's clear: the music is everything, his ego nothing.Exult in this exceptional recording post haste!Full disclosure: Jack was my teacher. However, I'm certain that I'd have said the same things about this disc had he not been.
I use this music with the Spiritual Formation group I lead.  We often listen to it at the beginning of our time together when we are stilling our spirits and focusing on the Lord.  It is peaceful and warm music.
Love this music.  First heard it on &#34;pray-as-you-go.org.&#34; Searched for it on Amazon and found it.  Like how it keeps me in an attitude of prayer and worship.
First learned about Taro from a Harmonia episode that i heard on npr about 5 years ago, (it was a music of the Spanish Baroque episode) The piece that i heard was Suite in C: Chacone, still my favorite on the album, the way it fades out in the end, very romantic, timeless...with that said this whole album is in the same spirit, and full of great virtuoso playing, a must for anyone who enjoys Baroque music and especially Baroque guitar, Taro will not let you down, it's worth every penny if not more! highly recommended!!!
I have played this album many times and cannot get over the flawless performance.  Wish I could find more of his performances.
This collection of songs features one of the finest brass ensembles in the USA.  The writing and arranging are second to none.  In my 40 plus years of professional music experience I would say that Hollywood producers are missing the boat in not using some of these songs as soundtracks for their movies.
Benedetto Lupo is probably best categorized as a pianist's pianist.  In 1989 he won the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition and since that time he has appeared with many of the world's most important orchestras.  He teaches at the Nino Rota Conservatory in Italy, gives master classes around the world, and has served on the jury of both the Cleveland International Competition and the Gina Bachauer Competition in Salt Lake City, from which he previously won second and third prize, respectively. He is featured on the Emmy-award winning documentary Here to Make Music: The Eighth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition and the seven-part series Encore! The Final Round of Performances of the Eighth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, both for PBS.  And yet he avoids the spotlight glow so many other pianists chase.On this very fine recording of the complete works for piano and orchestra he offers a rarity - the first CD recording of the piano version of Konzertst&uuml;ck, op. 86 - and this should bring enough attention to this piece that it may gain frequent performances in the concert halls around the world.  It is a beautifully performed little known Schumann piece with a delicate balance between the piano and the orchestra. Lupo and the RIS Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Peter Maag also bring the Concert pieces opp. 85, 92, and 134 into a special, far more meaningful light than other performers.But it is the sadly neglected recorded performance of the Schumann Piano Concerto that is the masterpiece here. In Lupo's delicate shading and secure, nimble pianism there is more understated poetry than in many of the other recordings of this often performed concerto.  Lupo's touch is so delicate yet the passion so insistent that the concerto gains an entirely different interpretation in Lupo's hands and in Maag's conducting as well. For those who love the works of Robert Schumann this recording is a must. It most certainly should be re-released for wider distribution.  Grady Harp, December 11
This is a superb CD.  It is great to have the music performed by the artists who performed it for the movie, but as concert pieces without the interuptions/dialogue and other distractions of the movie.  The Bellini aria that was sung in the duel is particularly beautiful and well performed.
Hundreds of pages of reviews are on:[...]DANCING HANDS250 YEARS OF EUROPEAN FAVORITESProduced by Reza Ganjavi -- 16 Fantastic Tracks -- 20 Page Color Booklet -- 50 Quotes -- 58 PhotographsFeaturing among other fine musicians, world-class recorder player Maurice Steger ([...]
Superb. I just love Jonathon Carney playing the Lark Ascending....sublime.
I have been searching the internet for at least 3 years for this particular recording of Psalm 150.  I sang it in a church choir about 5 years ago.  The entire CD is absolutely beautiful.  I chose the MP3 download since the CD is no longer available.  I continue to search for Choral groups who may have recorded hymns from the Gregorian Hymnal, and the ever illusive Caleb Sempre tunes of which no one seems to have recorded as of yet.
These are magnificent pieces and Mr. steinhardt plays them wonderfully.  He has a passion and a freedom in his playing that only comes with complete technical mastery.  His tone is full throated and yet he has such a gorgeous sense of pitch in his double and triple stops.Mr. Steinhardt is, of course, the first violin of the Guarneri Quartet and I would argue that the demands of quartet playing enhance his solo playing.  Also, don't forget to read Mr. Steinhardt's autobiography, &quot;Indivisible by Four&quot;, it is a great read and is out in paperback.These are recordings from 1966 but they sound great.  You will love this disk.  I do.
I don't know much about classical music, but I know what sounds wonderful, and this whole CD is amazing, especially Chaconne, which is why I bought this in the first place. I do like the Jascha Heifetz version better, but that song was his masterpiece. This is just a gorgeous  CD, and I highly recommend it.
A must-have, whether you're &#34;into&#34; Classical music or not.  There's a reason he's the &#34;Father of the Symphony&#34;.  Beautiful masterpiece!
My first hearing of this work was just the last few minutes of it on our local classical radio station. I liked what I heard, and began a search for a recording. It has taken me approximately ten years to find this recording, and I am finally able to hear the complete work in its original choral and orchestral form. (For years all I had was a 4 hand piano version on CD.) I must say that I am very happy with both the work and the performance. This is not to be mistaken for a work on the order of Berlioz' Requiem or Handel's Messiah, but it is uplifiting and highly enjoyable.The work is divided into three sections, each approximately 8 minutes in length: Hallelujah, Glory to God, and The Heavens are Opened. It was written in response to Germany's victory in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870. I believe that enough time has passed that we can dispense with judging the nations, and just enjoy the music.I have no complaints about either the performance or the sound quality. Obviously, I have not heard any other versions to compare them, but I think that most listeners will be fully satisfied.Let's bring this work out of obscurity and allow all to enjoy it!
I agree with the other reviewer that Keith is one of the best kept secrets in music.  Hopefully that will change soon because his guitar playing and songs are simply amazing.  Every song is beautiful.  The original songs are breathtaking and the arrangements are fresh and easy to listen to.  The guitar work is simply incredible - I hope he gets the recognition he deserves.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Keith Cooper has to be one of the best kept secrets in music. If you like hearing great guitar music then you will love this CD. He plays in church settings mostly due to his faith. I have seen him in concert twice. I have always followed guitarist, playing guitar myself. I liked Kottke, Hedges, Andy Mckee,Stevie Ray Vaughn, Roy Buchanon, Van Halen, Satriani, etc. Kieth has to rank as one of the best, most original guitarist I have ever seen. Don't be fooled because it is "Christian music". If you ever have the chance to see him in concert your jaw will hit the floor as mine did. His combination of hammerons, tapping, and percussive techniques are awesome. Don't go expecting a guy to sit and play "Chet Atkins music". I promise you if you play guitar he will blow your mind. He has a website you can check out. He has some great fingerstyle tunes on here then smokes you with scale runs on another tune. The percussion and arrangements are a nice touch also. I also bought his Christmas CD which is also great(being that I love guitar).
This is without a doubt the best recording of the Bach B minor mass. The problem with some of the older recordings that are often cited as the best conducting/interpretations -- is the quality of the recordings. So many were made on analog equipment or in less-than-desirable settings; especially the ones made with only a few microphones in some gigantic church or cathedral: a lot of muddled and muddy recordings are out there. This recording is crispy clear with incredible separation and depth. And the orchestra, soloists, and conductor do a great job. Forget the rest of the recommendations: this is the best all around as of late 2009.It's also pointing out the obvious, but I would be remiss if I didn't add a comment for the classical music neophytes: this is possibly the most wonderful, spiritual, transcendental piece of music ever written. It is a great calming, stress-reliever, too. There are times when I think "...this is really the only piece of music one needs to own."
Joan Cabanilles: Batalles, Tientos & Passacalles is a 1998 Alia Vox recording under the direction of Jordi Savall. Savall here leads the Hesperion X. Ruivieria Nery has written the music notes which are both well-written and interesting. Truly an extraordinary recording. Highly recommended indeed. 5/5.
Not many recordings of Cherubini's operas other than Medee. The arias, orchestreation, and choral parts are excellent. You will not regret getting this recording.
great music, fun to listen to with the sound of the beach, waves crashing, birds singing . . . .
I've been listening to the same pieces performed by Alfred Brendel for more than two decades. So I listened to this one very critically. The playing comes close to that of Brendel who I rank as one of the best pianists.Leon McCawley knows how to bring out the true meaning of these works of art. Wish I could say the same about Daniel Barenboim who ruined the Mozart Piano Sonatas in one of his albums.
Great clarinet performance! A fantastic amount of music created by some of the great players for a very small price!
Diana Haskell is a superb clarinetist and she has created a wonderful program on &#34;Clarinet Enchantments.&#34;  This is a &#34;must-have&#34; recording.
I enjoy playing and listening to the clarinet.  I found this album and was intrigued.  I have been very pleased with the quality of the recording as well as the playing ability of the artist.  The music flows effortlessly with good sound.  Great album to put on and chill with.  Highly recommended.
A unique opportunity to hear some underplayed repertoire, like the Bartok dances transcription.  Not only is it a chance to finally hear the piece on a  recording, but it's played  outstandingly by a title chair player of one of America's great symphony orchestras.John Hunter
This is one of the greatest clarinet CD's I've ever heard.  Diana Haskell is an amazing player who is able to play with such emotion and technical viruosity while remaining completely unpretentious.  It's totally refreshing and inspiring.
Simply splendid!
These are attractive and interesting works, well played and recorded.  They are acoustical pieces, and not far from the main stream of classical guitar performances.  This recording will encourage composers to take the guitar quartet seriously as a chamber ensemble and write new works, which is a fine thing, and I hope it encourages presenters to look for guitar ensembles for their chamber music series'.Sadly, the personnel who made this recording are no longer together as an ensemble.  (It's hard to make a living as a guitar quartet playing contemporary art music.)  Joe Hagedorn is still in business and still plays quartets, with other excellent guitarists.  There's a lot of talent out there; it just needs an outlet.
What a way to spend Christmas....with 200+ gay men's.....voices!!!!I can't believe there are no other reviews for this?!?  I'm just an older gay guy down here in the South, interested in men's choral music! What fun! Even though this is a "live" holiday recording from the Castro Theatre from 2000 - 2004, the quality is quite good.  There were a few moments where the words were a bit hard to understand, especially on those unfamiliar songs, or when the audience applauds.  So that gives me another project:  seek out the lyrics for those songs:  Heavy Christmas and Coming Out On Christmas.Being the first gay men's chorus, and with such significant GLBT history, it is fitting and such a joy that the SFGMC represent our "community" and sing so well!  Kudos to all those involved with the group, to those hundreds of guys who have participated since 1978, to all those voices we have now lost and are now silent (except maybe recorded), and to Dr. McGuire and those who conducted and directed before her.Check out their other recordings.Just look on the WEB (i.e. GALA) and see around the world all of those hundreds of wonderful men's and women's choruses, singing their hearts out....for all of us! From Atlanta to Seattle, from L.A. and S.F. and N.Y.C. to London, England, Bravo!
This is a perfect collection for any wedding, beautiful instrumental renditions of classic wedding music and newer standards as well.
I bought this CD with trepidation wondering if I would like the recording sound, the playing of the orchestra and if it would really make me want to dance ( a sure sign of great Vivaldi playing) and I was not disappointed in the least!!  This Polish Period Instument group rocks!  Rachel Podger is magnificent and the whole thing sounds about as 'EXTRAVAGANZA" as anyone could hope for.  Dont miss getting this one!  It has become one of my most prized posessions.
For violin lovers this is exciting beautiful music performed with passion and exceptional technical skill.  The clarity of the sound and the emotive qualities provides pure enjoyment for the listener.
bought as background music while reading my Kindle Fire on bus to work.  Perfect !!!!  love it and would recommend highly !!
I call it a Korngold spoiler because this performance &#34;spoiled&#34; me for just about every other one I'll be likely to hear. This entire disc is fantastic, and the playing of James Ehnes is beyond superlatives.
I saw a video of these guys on one of the free Internet venues and had to have it.I'm no classical music expert (but I know what I like).  If you are like me you will recognize several of these melodies and they are finely rendered here.  Nice background music for the dinner table, reading or whatever you do.  You can listen to these over and over.
Having heard a rapturous performance of the Webern Langsamer Satz (alongside some equally delightful Schubert and Haydn) by the newly regrouped Artea Quartet last week at the Conway Hall in London, I looked on Amazon for a good recording and came up with this. Although my first intent was solely to find that one piece, I got more than I bargained for when I listened first time to the whole disc, as it is simply now one of the finest chamber music recordings in my collection.As good as their account for EMI in the 80's was, the Borodins here excel even that in their gorgeous-toned new version of the seminal String Quartet no.2 by Borodin. They take slightly more time over the sumptuous melodies and the recording quality is superior, this being their first disc for Onyx, made to celebrate both the 60th anniversary of their foundation and the 80th birthday of founder member, cellist Valentin Berlinsky, here playing as beautifully as ever. He retired in 2007, two years after the issue of this disc and died at the end of the following year; this is fitting tribute and memorial to a great musician.Everything here is superlative in terms of execution, interpretation and sound. What astonishes me about them as a quartet is the way they can drain their tone of vibrancy and vibrato when required then crank it up to produce the most luscious, Romantic effulgence. The Quartettsatz is played with great energy and with the repeats, I'm glad to report. As an example of their variety, listen to the succeeding, repeated phrases at 3'40" onwards in Tchaikovsky's Andante cantabile; their control of colour and dynamics is magical. For anyone like me who flinches at the mention of twelve-tone serialism, this extended piece, originally intended as the slow movement of a complete quartet never finished, now stands alone as one of the most seductive and lyrical string compositions ever written; it's kinship to Schoenberg's equally lovely "Verkl&auml;rte Nacht", written six years earlier than the Webern in 1899, is obvious.Played this well, the programme becomes more than a sequence of lollipops, no matter how beguiling and populist the music; it is more a master-class in the art of the quartet. There is such dedication, concentration and sheer tonal radiance in their playing it is breath-taking. A great disc.
After purchasing Paganini's Violin Concertos, Caprices, String Quartet & Violin/Cello/Guitar stuff, I decided to add to my eccentric-Italian-soul selling collection by getting "Opere per Chitarra Sola".Performed by Italian classic guitar virtuoso (apparently), I did try to do some research of the piece first, but I couldn't find any (well not in the Queens English anyway). So all I can do is offer my option on the music played.Performed on a single acoustic guitar & consisting of 25 pieces (composures? Compositions?), with most of the tracks lasting between 1 to 4 minutes.Like a lot of Paganini's work, it full of great little melodies but because the songs are so brief, they don't over stay their welcome (although some are so good, you wish they would carry on for a little bit longer).There is a nice diversity in the moods of the pieces, from jaunty, too sombre, too passionate. If you enjoyed the 24 Caprices, then this will be right up your classical alley.I'm arriving at the record from a rock music grounding, but if a guitarist like Richard Thompson or Peter Green place one of these Compositions on their latest album, I don't think it would look much out of place.So a album well worth looking into, & I didn't mention The Deer Hunter once, Doh!
whats not to like? I cant play a string instrument, but i can imagine this took some skill to pull off. this is brilliant. sounds great. I love Radiohead, and this is a very top class tribute in string.
This take on OK Computer brings out new facets of beauty from the music than what was present on the original album. I've found that it's good music for studying or reading--no distracting vocals.
Really nice music here.  And you can't go wrong for this price. I look forward to more from Robert Xavier Rodriguez.
Five OUTSTANDING Stars!! These are splendid, elegant, and sometimes blazing performances of four classical violin/piano masterpieces by the prodigiously talented Russian-born violinist Viktoria Mullova & French-born master pianist Katia Labeque of &#34;the Labeque sisters&#34; piano duo fame, among her other notable musical endeavors. As the CD cover photo indicates, these talented highly individualistic musicians virtually meld into one musical persona for these performances, creating a formidable duo that has played these pieces many times before in public. This celebrated recording is the first documentation of their 'duo excellence' playing the 'period-jumping' singular music of Igor Stravinsky, Franz Schubert, Maurice Ravel, and Clara Wieck Schumann for those of us not fortunate enough to have seen them perform publicly.The 'Pieces De Resistance, the best of the best, begin with the elegant &#34;Allegro Moderato&#34; and the fiery non-stop &#34;Tarantella&#34; movement of Stravinsky's &#34;Suite Italienne&#34; which is beautifully played by Mullova and Labeque in this work that continued Stravinsky's elaboration on the Commedia delArte &#34;Pulcinella&#34; character, originally in his famous opera. Schubert's &#34;Fantasie&#34; gets a very elegant reading with the duo showing their great familiarity with this marvelous piece: this version is played with 'relaxed intensity' and splendid pacing and has become my favorite version. In their blazing interpretation of Ravel's wonderful expression of the 20th Century, the &#34;Sonata for Violin and Piano in G Major&#34;, the &#34;Perpetuum mobile&#34; movement captures the frenetic pace of the century and surprisingly near the end we hear echos of &#34;Rhapsody in Blue&#34; by George Gershwin, a close friend whom Ravel greatly admired. &#34;The Blues&#34; movement is another great expression of Ravel's desire to use some of the popular music forms of the times and Mullova is marvelous in her soulful arco passages and her pizzicato cadences against Labeque's declarative bluesy phrases. And finally a stupendous, very emotional reading of Clara Schumann's &#34;Romanze for Violin and Piano&#34;, especially the mid-performance low note crescendo of Mullova's violin, which closes out the recital. In all, a totally enjoyable vituoso recital by this wonderfully empathetic musical duo and it deserves My Highest Recommendation. Five ENJOYABLE Stars!! (14 tracks; Time-50:09)
What a crowning achievement to bring "Reel Chill:Cinematic Chillout Album", released by Silva America and featuring The City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra and the Crouch End Festival Chorus ~ conductors are Mark Ayres, Paul Bateman, Rick Clark, James Fitzpatrick, Nic Raine and David Temple director of the chorus ~ one can only expect the highest quality of performances and quench the thirst of all "film-score-buffs".Sit back and unleash the first disc with composers ~ Albinoni, Craig Armstrong, John Barry, Vladimir Cosma, Enya & Nicky Ryan, Handel,  Francis Lai, Ennio Morricone, Sean O'Riorda, Nino Rota, Ryvichi Sakamoto and Vangelis ~ taking each film score cue "BILITIS", "CHARIOTS OF FIRE", "CINEMA PARADISO", "DIVA", "GALLIPOLI", "THE LORD OF THE RINGS:THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING", "BARRY LYNDON", "MERRY CHRISTMAS MR. LAWRENCE", "MIDNIGHT COWBOY", "THE MISSION", "ONCE UPON A TIME IN AMERICA", "ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST", "ROMEO & JULIET" and "ROMEO + JULIET", with arrangements that soar and then simmer into pure meditation of grandeur ~ classic film music prevails, as orchestration comes to the surface with pure originality ~ one masterpiece after another is long last presented as it should have been, is cause for celebration ~ each cue is a distinctive gift for striking modernism, touching on the transition of the period in this planets history.Second disc is waiting in the wings are composers ~ Samuel Barber, John Barry, Patrick Cassidy, James Horner, Mahler, Mascagni, Stanley Myers, Thomas Newman, Michael Nyman, Howard Shore, John Williams and Hans Zimmer/Lisa Gerrard ~ take a musical ride with "AMERICAN BEAUTY", "A.I. ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE", "DEATH IN VENICE", "DEER HUNTER", "GLADIATOR", "HANNIBAL", "THE LORD OF THE RINGS:RETURN OF THE KING", "ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE", "OUT OF AFRICA", "PATRIOT GAMES", "THE PIANO", "PLATOON", "RAGING BULL", "SOMEWHERE IN TIME" and "YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE" ~ our composers with passion and skill for exploring human emotions, coupled with a unique gift for striking exotic orchestral colors, make this with all it's splendor unforgettable ~ themes that ring with familiarity as each film comes to mind through music.Silva America gives the collector a treasure of thirty film cues that any "film-score-buff" would die for ~ in the past James Fitzpatrick (producer), Reynold da Silva (executive producer), mastered by Rick Clark and David Stoner (release co-ordinator) have given us compilation with such expertise and this one is no exception ~ keep up the outstanding limited editions and deluxe package releases, with your signature tidbits for all film music fans that's in all of us...gotta love it!Total Time: 2-CD-Set ~ Silva America 1161 ~ (8/10/2004)
Elegant and expressive singing. Contrary to another less positive review, the dynamics are appropriate to this style of music. Donaudy is not considered by most as a first rate composer, but Guarino and Helmrich perform the pieces so well that they sound truly like &#34;art songs&#34;.
beautiful and timeless recording of one of the oldest and most famous orchestras in the world, the original orchestra from vienna; 5 stars!
I Love love love this CD!  Someone gave the CD to me years ago and it is played in my office time and time again as the infectious movement of the music really gets me going in a productive mode.  This is also the CD that really spurred me to want to learn to play the violin.  I recommend the CD to anyone who enjoys the kind of music that takes over your mind and wills you to interact with it.
My previous favorite of this gorgeous piece was the Lorraine Hunt Lieberson recording, and nothing can replace her once-in-a-lifetime interpretation.  But this recording adds an energy and liveliness that is too often neglected in Bach and is what makes his music - even at its seemingly most tragic - so inspiring.  I was never a particular fan of original instruments, but this group is incredible.  It plays music that can easily drag or become lugubrious with a lilting, almost dance-like quality.  I'm not sure if this is due to a different view of the music or to the physical characteristics of original instruments, or both. All I know is that when Matthew White sings "Ich Habe Genug," there is an optimism and poignancy to the statement that other interpretations lack - the light shines clearly through the darkness.  Considering Bach's religious outlook, I think this is important, and it makes me turn to this recording over and over.
I have heard this hundreds of time -- each time as thrilling as before.  Ms. Dubeau is a true virtuoso and the group, La Pieta, is simply magical.
My second purchase of an Angele Dubeau cd, and I can honestly say I am glad I found it! I listen while driving, and the sounds are so compellingly beautiful. I think this would be a good cd to start someone on the classical genre. Definitely keeping it in mind for gifting.
This is a companion volume to the earlier disc whose main feature was the Gaspard.I reviewed this in Amazon (search for Ravel Gaspard Laplante), and everything I said there applies here as well.The weightiest opus on this disc are the Miroirs.I have never heard a pianist whose feel for Ravel excelled what Laplante offers here.Obviously this includes the smaller pieces, where elegance and sophistication are a cardinal requisite.Add that the piano sound is among the most ravishing imaginable, and you have a perfect present to give to yourself!
Oh, what a wonder this recording is. It's hard to express in words.  I love the Barque sur l'Ocean, especially, awash with color and light.  There is an artist named Alex Dzigurski II whose seascapes remind me of this music.
Telemann always pleases, and these duos are so well done. I love the quiet feel, but with energy. Wonderful variety of articulation and tone.
I dont understand itunes and amazon as they dont present these 10 releases first, this orchestra is actually the only - REAL and ORIGINAL vienna johann strauss orchestra - dont buy andre rieu or other crap - go for the original - these 10 releases are phantastic!
I put this on my wish list several years ago when I heard it on my Pandora radio, but I find that I have a lot of CD's that never get played. I have recently started using the Amazon streaming for my purchases so I decided to treat myself to this full recording that I could listen to whenever I wanted. I am quite pleased with it.
Looks-wise, Kna might have been a poster-boy for the Aryan nasties but he was no Nazi. The tribulations of his career during the Third Reich are well known. Hitler belittled him in his Table Talk. After the Anschluss, he informed the Vienna Philharmonic that he was twice-conquered. Even so, Kna had to sing for his supper. Here, he's doing what he does best: standing in front of the Berlin Philharmonic - presumably with no rehearsal time whatsoever - and conducting two classics.The performance of Brahm's Second Symphony was recorded in March 1944, presumably in the rebuilt Opera House (the Berlin Philharmonic's new base after the Alte Philharmonie had been levelled by the RAF in the month prior) whereas this performance of the Third is the 1942 studio recording.If you cherish long-breathed, stately Brahms with an emphasis on nobility (but not at the expense of animation), this disc is for you. Kna wants to smell the roses: that's fine by me, particular as the tension never droops. In parallel, his flexible approach to tempi means we witness the Berlin Philharmonic red-line itself in an attempt to keep up with his beat. Speed-merchants might lap Kna in the Second Symphony but since when has mere velocity been an indicator of momentum and trajectory? Soul Brother Number One James Brown would laud this performance: who can blame him? The Scherzo in particular offers a vista of Elysium whereas the Finale is thunderous at its close. Likewise, Kna is profoundly at peace with the ambiguity of the Third. His traversal of its first movement could be likened to a river-journey, from spring to estuary, with an old salt at the tiller. A sidereal peace envelops all at its closure: it's superlatively done. Orchestral mishaps are minimal. And identifiably, it is the Berlin Philharmonic: the Klang is regnant. As customary, its musicians play on the edge of their seats; as other vocations were on offer if they faltered, ("grab a Tiger and head east"), their espirit de corps is understandable.I rank these performances among Kna's best in the symphonic repertoire (say, his Mozart K 543 [1926] & Jupiter [1941], Beethoven 5th [BP - 1955],  Schubert Ninth [VP- 1957], Bruckner Seventh [VP - 1949],  and the entire contents ofEdition Hans Knappertsbusch & Bpo: Comp Rias Rec). They also eclipse his post-war recordings of Brahms with lesser orchestras. The label which has re-issued them to the market  - Archipel - trumpets them as the mythical wartime recordings: the hype is justified.Sound-wise, these performances are characteristic of the usual WW2 recordings from Germany: atmospheric mono with plenty of detail. Both of them sound better than Kna's famous performance of the Bruckner Fourth from 1944. They're more palatable than EMI's boxy specials from the 1950s.If you have ears to hear such things, carpe diem.
I did purchase this CD base on samples from amazon.com And I'm 100% satisfied, is beautiful music, perhaps the best from my Cd's collection.
I don't know how to review this, as this is unbelievable. After listening to it I have found myself speechless. Gregoreo Alllegri's Miserere choral works for the Sistine Chapel performed here is excellent as are all the pieces on this album. The choral and trumpet work here is exceptional. What and how many of the pieces are part of the Miserere I'll let the "experts" tell us. It might be the whole album for all I know, but what I do know is this one of the best albums I have ever heard. The only word to describe this album is Ethereal
Lovely seasonal music which I enjoyed over the holidays.  I will play the album each season from now on.  Thanks.
this is my all time favorite recording of any music. Julianne Baird is my idea of the perfect Handel soprano. Listen to the linnet and the thrush to hear why. I was greatly pleased to find this item on Amazon.kent
This recording of the Mahler 6th is one of the finest recordings of the piece ever made.  It is a live performance with some of the most passionate playing I have ever heard.  Unfortunately, it is way overpriced by 2012 standards.  There are many Mahler 6ths, some very famous, that can be had for less than 4 dollars, by download.  Among the conductors are George Szell, Leonard Bernstein and Rafael Kubelik.  If they want to sell this download they need to lower the price.
There is no shortage of excellent Mahler Sixths, but this one coming from the collaboration of Andreas Delfs and Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra took me by surprise. And by miles!The exiled East German conductor and a champion of Gustav Mahler, Klaus Tennstedt once said, &#34;An underplayed Mahler is an oxymoron.&#34; Delfs' take on Mahler's 'most personal symphony' (this is Alma Mahler's word) is certainly in keeping with the abysmal world of despair and horror, the nightmarish vision of the homo sapiens and world coming to end, full of menacing harmonies and relentless march rhythms, crushing and collapsing in a titanic scale in the magnificent, great Finale with two hammer blows evocative of Mahler's own impending dooms.Delfs wisely employees flexible tempos and tempo relationships throughout, and he does this without sacrificing the slightest bit of cogency and consistency in his interpretation. The opening movement starts off with hefty energy at a fleet-foot pace, but he slows down upon arriving at the second theme, letting the strings engulf lush sound with plenty of romantic flair. Likewise in the Scherzo (which thankfully comes after I.), he is very scrupulous about making sufficient contrast between various sections in moods and tempos. Then, in the sublime Andante Delfs takes the amazing 17'42&#34;. One might suspect if at such a running time the respiratory, relaxing aspect Mahler tries to insert might be in danger and the music will get dragged, but it doesn't thanks, again, to the conductor's well chosen tempos and clear headed leadership. The ebb and flow of this movement is captured marvelously well. Very nice. The epic Finale is all that one can wish for; it rocks and roars with great concentration, energy, and unyielding perseverance, precisely as Mahler instructed, all to great effects because the conductor knows exactly where to pull stops and where to keep pushing things. Interestingly, Delfs restores the third hammer blow in this recording. Very effective and powerful.The Milwaukee Orchestra plays really well, despite it's a live concert. On this occasion, you'd probably think you're listening a world class orchestra. Excellent sonics.This recording gets my two enthusiastic thumbs up.
Thanks to Mike Adams and Lee Johnson for a real piece of work.The music is both calming and cosmic. Some of the tracks would be well suited in a Cinema type movie.  I'm hoping Mike is able to do a re-release in the near future.
This is a stellar recording!  Delite Rancher's pan notwithstanding (who can lend any credence to the opinion of someone who actually bothers to rate a Pfaltzgraff Butter Dish, let alone give it five stars?  I'm serious, check out DR's other reviews), Lee Johnson has knocked the skull-and-roses out of the park with this gem.  The Russian National orchestra weaves beautiful, intricate interpretations of the songs.  Saint Stephen, Mountains of the Moon, ghostly, surreal.  To Lay Me Down, a cloud pillow Russian lullaby for Captain Trips, grateful in eternity, brought tears to my eyes.  Americana Gershwinesque strains lace the French Quarter drunken stagger of Stella Blue.  Desert sands roll away to the horizon as the monumental stone pyramids of Blues For Allah rumble up from beneath the windswept dunes.  Sugar Magnolia dances in on point, jumps like a Willys across the lilting Bird Song sky, and picks up the fractured China Doll, cradling it in her arms as she gracefully pirouettes back into the transitive nightfall of diamonds...  This platter serves up more detailed delicacies with every serving.  Far more than a 'tribute', it is an homage, capturing the essence of the Grateful Dead, a time-capsule of a timeless band.
This is a fine work by a composer that is developing with every composition. Johnson has not simply produced a GD tribute (god forbid), he has used the artistry of Garcia's songs to create a real and worthy contribution to contemporary classical music. If you are GD fan, you will not regret purchasing this work. If you know nothing of the GD but love great and beautiful music, you will be rewarded.
It was not until after taking classical guitar lessons in college from Lee Johnson that I really got to know the Dead. I fell in love! Their music did things and said things that I had never heard. It was the in the moment conversation, off-the-cuff, experience that I connected to. I could go on and on... But you can only imagine how ecstatic I was to learn that the person who spawned my greatest passion of playing guitar ended up composing a symphony of Dead music!!! I love Lee Johnson for what he gave me in music/guitar and know I will enjoy this CD. My ears are prepared by knowing that an orchestra is prearranged and the beauty of the Dead was not something fixed on paper. This is the initial fare stance all reviews must have.. apples vs. oranges kind of thing. I love all music. Thank you Lee!But here is my real review. Why in the world is this CD being sold for $45 to $100 here on Amazon. I might be missing some information are reading wrong. Does it come with Jerry's autograph? Jammates online has it for $14.99. ???
Lee Johnson has taken the work of the Dead and re-imagined it as orchestral music. It is remarkably provocative and demands close listening. My wife is a classical musician, and upon hearing Johnson's work, she is now quite interested in listening more closely to the Grateful Dead. I think this CD can work as a bridge for fan's of both The Dead and classical/symphonic work. Entirely compelling.
If you close your eyes while listening to this album, you can experience the warm sun introducing a new day to a cold winter landscape.
Love this album its sounds and everything about it. I Love winter in general and this Album puts me into a real winter mood, freezing...cold but also warm!I found another great release coming from a winter wonderland the Dolomites in Italy.This album series is called "Dolomiti Super Chill" and you find 2 of them here at Amazon.Check it out!!
Am very happy with this album, relaxing, peaceful, piano sounds great. Can"t wait to get some client feedback ! How can you go wrong here ???? the price is beyond reasonable for the mood this compilation instills......
A clean wonderful interpretation by an unknown artist, a pity that you list the composers as artists, I'd like to know the real artist instead
This is a very relaxing and peaceful collection. It's great at the end of the day for decompressing and I've even listened to it while falling asleep.I would recommend this product to a friend.
Steve Anderson's rendition here of the Moonlight Sonata is so exquisitely expressive I can't listen to it without crying. Amazon needs one more word: beautiful.
Dreams By Degrees was an amazing label. A ton of time and care went into all of their 6 releases (the Season series and the Color series), from the selection of the music itself to the artwork which was frequently beautiful. I can safely recommend everything they put out, and if you can find the physical releases count yourself lucky. A label showcase at Cafe Du Nord circa 2005 feat. Loquat, Sappington (my favorite!), and n.ln was one of the best live shows I've ever seen. It's a shame that the other person who reviewed "Orange" gave it one star based on the fact that it wasn't the soundtrack to "A Clockwork Orange".
I DOWNLOADED THIS MUSIC LATE LAST NIGHT ,AND STARTED TO PLAY IT DID NOT STOP IT UNTIL I LISTENED THE ENTIRE ALMOST 2 HOURS OF MUSICIT  IS AN ASTONISHED PIECES OF MUSIC , EXCELLENT COMPOSITIONS  AND SUPERBLY ENGINEERED AND RECORDED,UNFORTUNATELY NOT VERY MUCH NOTE WAS POSTED ABOUT THE DETAILS OF ARTISTS OR ENSEMBLE.IT IS A COMBINATION OF COMPOSED FOLK LIKE MUSIC PERFORMED IN SYMPHONIC STYLE,VERY MUCH REMINISCENCE OF RIMSKY-KORSAKOFFAND ARAM KHACHATURIAN,S  COMPOSITIONS. VERY DANCEABLE MUSIC I DON NOT KNOW IF THEY EVER BEING CHOREOGRAPHED AS BALLET .IT IS PURE ENJOYMENT LISTENING 2 HOURS OF MUSIC
It is great to see Iranian composers break free from tradition and explore ways to expand the expressive power of this ancient musical heritage. The title of the album is very appropriate for the type of music it delivers. While most listeners may not be familiar with scenes from the ancient Iranian myths and legends that are musically described in this album, they can gain an appreciation of the novel themes, colors, moods, and rhythms that are woven to depict meaning. Each piece is masterly composed and beautifully performed. Such works do more than entertain. They inspire future generation of artists to aspire beyond what their immediate imagination can conceive.No information was provided on Amazon.com on the orchestra, date of performance, or quality of recording. The cover of the album shows its title in German and mentions Nurnberg Symphony Orchestra. One has to marvel at the skills of the German orchestra that so accurately portrays the varied imagery of such an unfamiliar musical tradition.
It is a pity that this album is not well-known and that no one with musical background or theoretical knowledge has written a review of it.  But this music is so beautiful that I felt compelled to write a layman's review.This is my second foray into Persian classical music.  My first wasPejman: Symphonic Sketches.  I was so impressed by Pejman's music that I wanted more, so I purchased this album, and I'm certainly glad that I did.  It simply blew me away.  I fell in love with it and I am addicted to it.I don't know anything about music theory, so I will have to compare this music to what I am familiar with.  First of all, at the gut level, all of the works are voluptuously beautiful, exotic and intense.  Some of the pieces are atonal (hope I am using the term correctly), but they have hints of gorgeous Persian folk melodies in them.  Some of the movements which are exotically beautiful, dramatic and heroic remind me of the works of Rimsky-Korsakov.  Many pieces remind me of the works of B&eacute;la Bart&oacute;k, except, I dare say, more beautiful and heroic.  Some of the pieces remind me of the works of Igor Stravinsky.Works like Sheherazade and Bijan & Manijeh have a definite storybook character to them with soothing, romantic passages and intense, heroic movements, taking you to exotic times and places.  Works like Suite Iranienne and Mouvement Symphonique are more atonal and suspenseful.Alexander Rahbari was apparently a Karajan prot&eacute;g&eacute; who at the age of 31 was asked by The Maestro to conduct Berliner Philharmoniker in his absence and later on came back to assist Karajan on several occasions.  He does a fine job of conducting the N&uuml;rnberger Symphoniker.  The N&uuml;rnberger Symphoniker sounds wonderful and very effective with what sounds like could have been a difficult music to perform.  The sound quality is great; it is crisp and well-balanced.  This album was issued in early 1980s on vinyl, but Colosseum Schallplatten reissued it on CD in 2005 with re-mastered sound.Bottom-line: HIGHLY recommended for all, and a must-have for the fans of Bart&oacute;k or Stravinsky.
This album is a real, veritable journey into Persia throughout the unexplainable multidude of colours, nuances, tones, layers and periods of its thousands of years of history, mythology and humanity until now. I understand Harry Haller. Words cannot express what the listener would feel. I love it. These works of art breathe the history, pains, glories, hopes, achievements and social and political victories and changes of Iranian peoples throughout ages. But they cannot be regarded as limited to ethnic cultural boundaries. They convey a deep sense of a real and exalted universality. These are works by ingenious and highly professional composers and musicians including A. Rahbari's and The N&uuml;rnberger Symphoniker's wonderful performance.
It's one of very few collections of Persian composers' works for symphony orchestra which are available now. It was one of the greatest projects supported by the Persian (Iranian) Ministry of Culture and Art in late 1970s. Unfortunately all of such project were stopped because of the victory of 1979 Islamic Revolution in the country.-- There is just one mistake in the album information here, the original release date is 1980. In 2006 the LPs were transferred to CDs.
Virtuoso, idiomatic renditions of Lecuona's soulful Cuban gems. Clelia Iruzun is in a league of her own in this music.
Samuel Barber is a very beautiful and lyrical composer! He was during the time of twelve tone music and experimental music. He tried it but didn't like it. He could only write flowing extraordinarily lyrically pleasing music. He especially loved the Oboe! The most beautiful Oboe solos ever. They played his music during Kennedy's funeral.This piano concerto has an especially beautiful 2nd Movement.
I stumbled upon the pleasures of this album quite by accident. The pieces presented in this collection remind one a little of classical guitar, but with a softer edge to the notes and a smooth relaxing quality which (at least for me) seems to trigger a smile. I found many of the offerings on this album to be both thoughtful and relaxing all in one, the kind of music which I have always thought of as a &#34;mental massage&#34;. Nigel North is a very talented musician, and the recording quality seems very good to me (though I admit, I am not an expert!). If you seek something which feels familiar and new in one, this might be a good choice for you.
Heard this on the car radio and went to Amazon to download it as it is very nice music.  Highly would reccomend.
These concerti possess the same virtues as #s 1-3 (see my review). Excellent soloists, orhestral choir interplay, sound, crisp tempi, and an airy, happy atmosphere  reminiscent of the set conducted by the Brandenburg king ( to me), Karl Ristenpart. #s 4 and 5 are my favorites. In descending of rank: 5,4,1,2,6,3.  Soloists shine in #s 4 and 5, especially recorders in #4 (David Munrow and John Turner) ;and the flute, violin, harpsichord trio in #5 (Richard Adeney, Jose  Luis Garcia,Raymond Leppard (very good playing and keyboard sound in the first movement).  #6 receives great playing from the lower strings.  Highly recommended.Peers #s 4-6  Ristenpart, Karl Richter, Marriner#5 only- Levine/RCA, Casals/Serkin/Sony
Both Glenn Gould and Leopold Stokowski were often iconoclasts, with musical interpretations that some considered eccentric or even heretical.  That's certainly the case with this piece, which some critics have labeled as "perverse".  So fair warning, purists often despise this recording.Not me.  Of all all the other versions I have heard, this is the one I keep returning to.  The 2nd movement as played by Gould is one of the most beautiful and moving pieces of music I've ever experienced.  Stokowski's orchestra is lush and sonorous, Gould's playing is fluid and singing, and even the humming somehow works.It's true that Stokowski and Gould sometimes seem to have different ideas about the music (particularly in the first movement).  Listening closely, one can detect inconsistencies between the approach of the conductor and pianist.  But somehow that doesn't matter, and the end result is a glorious musical triumph. Other recordings may be truer and more accurate, but to me they sound pale and bland next to this.  Regardless of its eccentricities and heresies, it's still one of my top 10 favorite recordings. Ever.
Though Gould's reputation was based on his interpretation of the Goldberg variations, his playing of live concerts was few and even rarer that of him playing Beethoven, so this recording of him playing the Emperor concerto with  Leopold Stokowski conducting is a wonderful recordingI have listened to the CD numerous times and each time I hear a different subtle nuance in Gould's playing if you do not already have this CD please get it!
Precisely executed fingering.  One of the very best of the Beet's numbers.  I've probably wear out the numbersix track on this recoding.......S.G.,  CA
...at least for me it was.  I've never heard a better interpretation of Fur Elise.  None of the rest matters.
Wonderful, especially the stirring second movement.  The price was right, too.  A worthwhile addition to my collection of great pianists
Although this is a remastered CD, the sound is awesome!  It has been a steady companion in my car for at least 2 months.  I never tire of hearing it.
I know, you only think of him for Bach.  I felt the same way, but after a month of listening I've got it.  This rocks!
all three pieces are very reminiscent of his violin and cello concertos. I had never heard them before and bought this album solely based on my affection for these concertos.  I was not disappointed.  Though 20th century they are melodious.  They are lively, with memorable lines set to varying timbres and tempos.  What I thought was likely to be an afterthought in the sonata for 2 violins was anything but.  It is a euphonious song by two violins that complement each other well.  All three pieces are finely executed.  I cannot understand why I have never encountered any of these pieces on the programs of the many chamber music performances I have attended. They deserve an audience.
Beethoven's quartets span the 18th, 19th, and 20th century. Maybe not quite, but they are the peak of European art. The Lindsay's is my favorite recording, other people may prefer others. Peeve: the download files was buggy, and some of the tracks were not Beethoven's quartets, so I did not get the complete set I expected. I complained to Amazon and received an ignoral, well, have more things to worry about.
Wow. This is such a beautifully done collection. Kitty Cleveland has the most pure angelic voice I've ever heard. But in addition, she adds a wonderful purity of heart and spirit to these classics. They have become my favorites, and I play them often. Truly a remarkable work.
This is a masterful compilation of the best choral masterpieces from the modern cinema. This collection will inspire and move you during those times when you need an emotional lift. This is a must for adult musical storage devices.
Silva Screen Records takes us on a journey of adventure of epic musical proportions with "THE GREATEST CINEMA CHORAL CLASSIC" ---  featuring The Crouch End Festival Chorus with Choir Master David Temple, The Finchley Children's Music Group, The City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra & Chorus, with Solo Soprano Charlotte Kinder and Conducted by Paul Bateman, Nic Raine and James Fitzpatrick --- inclusive are some of the biggest ever box office chart busters ever to grace the big screen --- you're in for a real treat of exhilarating and energetic film music at it's peak!The track listings and selections are as follows:Disc One:1.  Excalibur - (O Fortuna - from Carmina Burana)2.  Platoon - (Agnus Dei)3.  Star Wars: Revenge Of The Sith - (Battle Of The Heroes)4.  The Da Vinci Code - (Kyrie For The Magdalene)5.  Conan The Barbarian - (The Riddle Of Steel / Riders Of Doom)6.  1492: Conquest Of Paradise - (Conquest Of Paradise)7.  The Double Life Of Veronique - (Concerto In E-minor)8.  King Kong - (The Empire State Building / Beauty Killed The Beast)9.  The Mission - (On Earth As It Is In Heaven)10. The Abyss - (End Credits)11. Amistad - (Dry Your Tears, Afrika)12. The Chronicles Of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe - (Only The Beginning Of The Adventure)13. The Lion In Winter - (Suite - with chorus)Disc Two:1.  The Omen - (Suite For Choir And Orchestra)2.  The Lord Of The Rings: (The Two Towers - Evenstar)3.  Edward Scissorhands - (Main Title / Ice Dance)4.  Passion Of The Christ - (Resurrection)5.  Star Wars: The Phantom Menace - (Duel Of The Fates)6.  Les Choristes - (In Memoriam)7.  The Last Valley - (Main Title / End Title)8.  The Sum Of All Fears - (The Mission)9.  Empire Of The Sun - (Exsultate Justi )10. Missa Luba - (Sanctus)11. How The West Was Won - (Main Title - choral version)12. Saving Private Ryan - (Hymn To The Fallen)13. Henry V - (Non Nobis Domine)"CONAN:THE BARBARIAN" (1981-Basil Poledouris), with Arnold Schwarzenegger and resounding singers with brilliant orchestration --- then we have a  selections from "THE MISSION" (1986-Enno Morricone), beautiful choir blends emotion, enhanced by haunting themes and counter melodies --- "THE LION IN WINTER" (1988-John Barry), a favorite among Barry fans, this arrangement and rendition has it all...next we travel with helmet in hand(with horns included) with ..another remake leaps to the screen with "HENRY V" (1989-Patrick Doyle), one can only marvel at Kenneth Branagh's Shakespeare film, but the music from a solo to full choir gives you goose bumps --- the CD is excellent, recorded in Dolby Surround sound is completely mesmerizing and outstanding orchestration, every instrument, every voice, crystal clear --- for all the "film-score-buffs", do not pass this one up --- needs to be in your every growing collection (nuff said) --- featuring the CROUCH END FESTIVAL CHORUS and their leader David Temple (Choir Master), world renown with a strong reputation for hitting the mark everytime --- for additional listening pleasure THE CITY OF PRAGUE PHILHARMONIC, conducted by Paul Bateman, James Fitzpatrick and as always Nic Raine these gentleman are the icing on the cake --- for additional listening pleasure we have the classical favorite "CARMINA BURANA" (1981-Carl Orff), the dark tale of Camelot --- now that's just for openers.Great job from the batons of Paul Bateman, James Fitzpatrick and Nic Raine with the guiding hand of producer James Fitzpatrick...executive producer Reynold da Silva and Silva Screen Records...presentation is flawless, with blends of immortal performances...doesn't hurt this release is a "HDCD" and "DOLBY SURROUND" sound extravaganza...looking forward to the next outing from our favorite CHORAL and ORCHESTRA in the genre of film scores and soundtracks...can't help it...I'm a "film-score-buff" nut!Total Time: 2-CD-Set ~ SILK #6040 ~ (10/03/2006)
I purchased this album (digital download) primarily to hear Craft's rendering of Symphony of Psalms. I have had no prior exposure to either the Mass or the Cantata, and I must say was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed them. I therefore cannot necessarily comment on the context of these interpretations among others, but I will say that the quality of the mp3 conversion is high. There are no blemishes in this digitally distributed version of the album and I would recommend it, although I think if I were to re-purchase this album I might get the CD for the liner notes.
Chopin wrote the most romantic music of all. I enjoyed every moment. I didn't look for flaws, I just breathed and let the music roll over me.
Beautiful visual images created with the music.  One of my favorite classical musicians.  Paints pictures with his music an this CD has many of my favorites.
Both violinist and pianist are brilliant here. It's wonderful to hear these old Mendelssohn favorites brought to life again. These musicians play with technical brilliance as well as great musical sensitivity, the perfect combination. These "arrangements" made the concept of the Lieder Ohne Worte being a personal musical diary of Mendelssohn very real and personal. Thank you Strauss and Garben for putting these gems out there again.
The public owes to Ana Benavides begin_of_the_skype_highlighting  end_of_the_skype_highlighting the discovery of the lost or forgotten Spanish piano music of the 19th century.The great musicians of the transitions to the 20th century (Turina, Granados, Falla, among others) didn't come out from nothing or almost nothing. Spanish romantic piano music was not as fortunate as the Slavic music, for instance, and remained under the dust of the archives until Ana's scholarly capacity and technical knowledge rescued it.Listening to these maestros is really a discovery. This Spain, Vienna and London trained artist puts her soul in the performance of scores which tell her, maybe, as their discoverer, more than to any other pianist on Earth.Enjoy this hidden pleasure!
This CD was my Mother's favorite.  I found it in her CD player when she passed away at the age of 90.  It gives me comfort and I love the old hymns I remember as a child.
If you love the sound of big organs and brass then this is the album for you. The youth of the US Air Force Academy put on a great performance and though they aren't as pro as other groups they make up for it in enthusiasm. The sounds of Organ and Brass are HUGE on the album. If you want some really big sounding patriotic music this is the album for you.  If you like this you should also check out: The Big Blue Ball Though they are both different each gives you a different side of a great group from the USAF Academy.
PRIMA!  At last a beautiful collection of German songs--Lieder.  These are breathtaking versions of German songs as they should be sung in any language.  Jill Hausman presents us with her own translations.  Jill Hausman sings sweetly and SUPERBLY.  I wish there were more--I could listen all day--and night!
When compared to other orchestras, the compositions aren't played like "let's get it over with". For example for No. 4, listen to all other recordings. You will feel the difference in each note. This orchestra makes you feel the composition.
I love listening to this CD. If anyone loves good music, this is a very good purchase. Just imagine yourself spending a nice quiet afternoon, maybe a little cup of English tea, and immerse into the unique musicality of Schubert and Beethoven. Recommended for everybody - all ages included: either musicians or just merely good listeners like myself.
I just downloaded this album a few days ago (December 2009) and it is quite simply the best Gershwin piano recording I've ever heard.  I have heard many Gershwin piano albums -- Earl Wild, the Labeque sisters, Norm Krieger, Jon Arpin, to name just a few -- and I've never heard a smoother more romantic version of these well known tunes.  In addition, the piano sound is warm, and cleanly recorded.Votapek was the winner of the Gold Medal in the first van Cliburn competition, and won the Naumburg prize.  He went into academia after a while and never became a household name, which is a shame.  I first encountered his playing on a Reader's Digest album of romantic piano favorites some decades ago.  I do not know the history of why he did not have a more public career, though he did manage to play with a number of major symphony orchestras in this country.  Now I need to explore some more of his recordings.Just an aside -- the internet has provided us with so many riches (as has Amazon) by providing a venue for worthy artists to get their works before the public.  This album is a perfect example.
Mandolin concertos may seem like an odd musical composition; the instrument seems ideally suited as an intimate accompaniment to a singer or few singers. However, what can't creative genius achieve? These concertos make a 'joyful noise.' Treat yourself and share the joy.
I loved this CD and play it over and over.  The Vivaldi concerto in D is among the best performances I've heard, also the Hummel concerto.  The music is very tight and firmly played, with beautiful texture, and every sound is nicely balanced.I wish the insert had more information about the ensemble.  I would love to get more music by this ensemble.
If you're ever in Buenos Aires on a Sunday, go past the silver-sprayed human statues and the septuagenarian tango ladies in fishnet stockings and find the corner where Ignacio Lopez is playing with the other third of the Trio Gotico. Watching them trade the lead back and forth, with every finger on their right hands working double time, ecstatic smiles on their faces, with the admiring crowd swaying with the tempo--is almost worth the trip to Buenos Aires. Of course, if you can't get away this week or next, downloading some tunes here is the next best thing.
What can you say when you have three voices that seem to blend and bring out every emotion one has!
If you like early music played on the harpsichord, it doesn't get any better than JungHae Kim's "The Virginalists".JungHae's playing is emotionally exquisite and her instrument has a lovely warm tone brought forth in an excellently recorded CD.I highly recommend this beautiful CD for your listening pleasure.
I own this CD, for those who enjoy vibrant and exciting English keyboard music this CD is a great find. The performance is fluid, rhythmic and sparkling. The works on here offer a nice tour through the genre. It's a good way to familiarize yourself with these works as Kim includes a variety of composers and types of pieces on this collection. After listening to the CD I wanted to hear more of these works and more from this artist.
I finally got to see Jung Hae Kim in concert early this year. We wondered initially who this person was who hobbled out early in heavy duty leg braces. It's clear her legs could not handle the pedals of a piano, so she turned to the harpsichord. In the concert I saw, she did a good job backing up a couple of very good Baroque violinists.In this recording, she solos. The instrument she plays is a smaller version of the harpsichord, called a virginal. It features one string per key, and a plectra arrangement that plucks more toward the middle of the strings. The resulting tone is very different from the typical harpsichord, and should be played at lower volumes. This is an instrument for small rooms.There are a lot of hit tunes from the late Renaissance and early Baroque here, many very dance like. While she opens with Sweelinck, the remaining composers are mostly English, with names like Farnaby, Dowland, and Byrd, lots of Byrd. There are also some pieces by my favorite composer, Anon.Kim obviously likes this music, her interpretations keep crossing the line into "delightful." I'm glad I was able to talk with her after the concert to tell her how much I liked her album. It's the perfect pick-me-up after a hard day, charming, bright, and often singable. Well worth the download.
John interprets music and poetry of the middle ages in a pure and authentic way.  A beautiful and haunting voice of another age.
The world was deprived of this amazing singer much too soon.  Whether you love Celtic music or not, this stuff is the real deal.  It's Scotland from the gut.  Entrancing, haunting and simply beautiful.
The pieces are generally interesting but the Bach keyboard concerto in D minor is amazing, especially the first two parts.  I have been listening to this Bach piece over and over for two days.  It seems to me to be as good as any keyboard piece of J.S. Bach I have heard, except for the aria of the Goldberg variations. I understand that it is a transcription of a Vivaldi violin concerto (RV 230, opus 3, concerto 9).  The Vivaldi is nice, but the Bach piece is much better to my ears.  Bach gets that "room full of cuckoo clocks" thing going in the first and, to a lesser extent, the third parts.  (I always imagine Geppetto's shop in Disney's Pinocchio.)  The second part is just gorgeous.  Boris Bloch plays it beautifully on unaccompanied piano.  I commend this piece to you as possibly the best three bucks you will ever spend.PS It sounds so much better to my ears on a piano as opposed to a harpsichord.  Or a violin.
The recording is crisp and light-hearted. It came in perfect condition and the packaging was more than adequate for travel.
Too many players rush through this music, as if showing off their incredible technique (sorry Paul). What Jacob Herringman brings to the music is a carefully calibrated balance of beautiful sound (the seduction of those beautiful chords) and the harmonic implications of Renaissance style.  He is a master of teasing out strands of counterpoint while keeping his textures light and transparent. His gentle, soft-edged sound becomes wholly brighter and sharper when the music becomes more involved and outgoing. Unlike some lutenists who overdo the overtly showy passages, Mr. Herringman never abandons the sense that this is nuanced, intimate music.
Minnesota lutenist Edward Martin's delicate touch on the Baroque lute contrasts with the harsher tone of the better-known Julian Bream, Ronn McFarlane or Nigel North.  This recording has a wonderful sense of air around it (as if recorded in a fair-size cathedral) but it was close-miced enough to pick up Martin's fingering too (excellent balance!)  The material is mostly unfamiliar (and I've heard a lot of lute music) though it is of uniformly excellent quality and consistent gentle rolling tempos.  It makes perfect background music for quiche, fresh fruit and champagne.
The partsongs and quodlibets of Ludwig Senfl (1486-1543) are perennial favorites of performers on recorders and other Renaissance instruments, both wind and string, both concert virtuosi and skilled amateurs. Many of Senfl's zesty miniatures were probably composed for the skilled amateurs of his era, or at least published for that audience, but there's no lack of challenge in them even for the best-trained musician. they bubble and churn with rhythmic complexities. They demand tight and sensitive "ensemble" in tuning and phrasing. They're "hecka fun" to play and they make delightful listening as well. Of all the Franco-Flemish musical "mafia" of the 16th/17th Centuries, only Jacob Obrecht rivals Senfl in ingenuity and dazzle.The Farallon Recorder Quartet is firmly based in Berkeley CA. If you live too far from that Pacific Rim bastion of civilization, your chances of hearing them live are limited. They will be performing in Columbus, Ohio!!! on October 26,2012. Otherwise, their well-tended web page announces only SF Bay Area events in their near future. That web page also offers several of their CDs as a quartet, plus CDs that include members of the quartet performing with other artists. Alas, Amazoo lists only MP3 versions of their works.It's puzzling, how popular the recorder was over the course of at least five centuries, and how senselessly it was scorned during the Romantic and Post-Romantic eras. It wasn't called "flauto dolce: -- sweet flute -- without reason. Bach and Handel were still enamored of its sweetness; Bach included gorgeous obbligatos for recorders in some of his finest cantatas, Handel likewise in his operas, and Telemann wrote brilliant fantasies for recorder,  solos and duets. In the Renaissance, recorders were built in families at both four-foot and eight-foot pitch. The "closed consort" of recorders and the "closed consort" of violas da gamba were the perfect instrumental counterpart of the closed consort of male singers for whom all the greatest motets and polyphonic masses were written. "Alta Capella" instrumentalists -- cornetti, trombones, dulcians, etc -- often played recorders as well., and King Henry VIII was reputed to be a competent amateur.Everybody knows that the recorder is an "easy instrument" to begin one's musical education on. Not everybody knows how difficult it is to play the recorder as well as the four women of the Farallon Quartet. Listen to them and be surprised at the height of virtuosity and the depth of expressiveness the "sweet flute" can reach!
REVIEW BY JAMES MANHEIM: "A disc that turns out to be an absolute delight for the general listener. The performances have an immensely appealing combination of expertise and enthusiastic abandon. Recorder player Antonia Tejeda in an extraordinary find, with steady intonation, total command of the difficult Corelli work and the English ground-bass pieces, and real dramatic presence. Streett keeps up with her in passages where the continuo answers the lead recorder line, and Agranov creates a spectacular variety of cello effects." JAMES MANHEIM, All Music Guide, 2006 (US)REVIEW BY KREITNER: "All three players are imaginative and adventurous and unafraid to improvise." KREITNER, American Record Guide, 2006 (US)REVIEW BY J.P.S.: "Als arxius de Catalunya existeixen milers de partitures oblidades de l'&egrave;poca barroca que esperen una recuperaci&oacute; moderna. A aquesta tasca es dedica amb passi&oacute; el trio Rubato Appassionato, integrat per Antonia Tejeda (flauta de bec), Eyal Streett (fagot barroc) i Sasha Agranov (violoncel barroc). &Eacute;s una passi&oacute; que s'encomana, i per comprovar-ho basta escoltar qualsevol pea del disc Nord verus Sud, danses i ground ib&egrave;rics, italians i anglesos del segle XVIII, sucosa selecci&oacute; de peces de manuscrits catalans conservats a la Biblioteca de Catalunya i l'arxiu parroquial de l'esgl&eacute;sia de Santa Maria, a Vilanova i la Geltr&uacute;. La selecci&oacute; inclou sarabandes, gallardes, contradanses i altres danses delicioses que Rubato Appassionato toca amb eleg&agrave;ncia, rigor estil&iacute;stic i irresistible vitalitat r&iacute;tmica". -J.P.S, El Pa&iacute;s (ES).
Benitez did a good job maintaining the original melodies but adapting them for a solo guitar.  Also, he has a music book with notation for guitar for half the songs on this CD.
I first heard von Reznicek's music in the late 80s when listening to the local classical music station.  I bought a CD of it which long since disappeared.  Now I've found his music again, this time via a classical music station in another city.  His style is late Romantic with influences of Mahler and Strauss--both gentlemen were composing around the same time period so it's no surprise to find some similarities.  Go ahead and download these mp3s and try something "new".  It's made waiting for the bus to work far more enjoyable for me ; )
I love classical music, I always have.  I am a rock and roller and a metal head.  I allowed myself to be open to the melodies that come from listening to classical music and you really get a sense of how great these composers were.  Also, if you spent as much time in front of the TV watching Looney Tunes you were being given an amazing education in this music.  It is pure joy for me as a musician and a kid at heart to find out that I knew much more than I ever thought I knew by rediscovering this music.
Great listening for anyone, any occasion, not just for weddings.  Lots of old standars you will enjoy. Many of my favorites.
It's wild, but I would like the program notes? Great for listening to while the virus scan is working.  Seriously, will have to get more of the collection. I am embarrassed I hadn't heard this stuff before.
Bernhard Henrik Crussel is an under-appreciated genius.  This album of clarinet quartets is an excellent example of his genius, beautifully played.  If you like the clarinet, you will love this album.
Beautifully done!  I'd recommend this to all lovers of sacred music!  St. Martin's Chamber Choir features a nice balance of voices and a soothing sound.
Listen and compare to the other greats, you will see the big difference in style and emotional presentation! Bravo, Bravo!!
I first purchased the CD and although the cover and the CD label had the correct title, the recording was of the album "Wedding Magic."  Amazon's excellent customer service responded quickly with a refund.  Luckily, I found this MP3 download.  The music is absolutely lovely.  Sally Fletcher is deservedly called the "Heavenly Harpist".  Songs normally played on the violin, piano, or with a full orchestra are absolutely dreamy when played on the harp.  This is the perfect album to wash away stress after a long work day.
In the late 1950's I had the pleasure of hearing the boys when they visited our school in Pittsburgh. They had such beautiful voices and thru the years I still have joy listening to them.
Earth chants is a totally different kind of music for your soul, mine anyway.  Soothing, mellow, peacful and very calming.  Love this type of music in the background when I'm working at a stressful job.
Earth Chants; Choral Works by the Madrigals of SBHS.  Stereo recordings of superb quality - on par with Deutsche Grammophon.  The songs are performed with amazing diction.  An excellent addition to any music collection.
Excellent guitar player. If you like acoustic guitar playing that a cross between classical and contemporary styling, with no vocals, then this is a great album to buy. Rich beautiful melodies, with many textures. Worth listening to again and again.
SarahSanctuaryThe Sacred PyramidVoices of Eternity
I've have listened with awe to the piano music of Alb&eacute;niz for years. I never knew about Azulejos, Espagne, or La Vega. These are beautiful. They are within the grasp of piano players. The style is Iberian. Get this CD; Get the sheet music. Play and enjoy.Both Granados and Alb&eacute;niz, like Mozart, died too young. I think Alb&eacute;niz would have finished Navarra, would have completed his vast project only begun with Azulejos. Etc. He could have done much more to make Spanish piano music the music of choice in the modern piano world.
This recording is a marvel of lightfooted, yet muscular springiness, uncommon sensitivity to the nuances of Beethoven's scoring and altogether an exceptional performance in a market over-saturated with second stringers.I acquired this first as an LP in the Sixties, when I already owned the complete recordings of Karajan, Szell, Walter, Jochum and Isserstedt. The impression of exceptional litheness was immediate; it became my yardstick for other recordings of the work, and only one in all those years answered back to it with improved sound recording - Masur with the Gewandhaus.I invite you to listen carefully to the first Allegro after the two fortissimo chords which announce it. The swift, dance-like rhythm and the rapid pace need to be heard to appreciate it, I can't describe in words the effect it had on my understanding of the work. No "Grecian statue", but a masculine energy pulses through this movement - which is, incidentally, a character that also infuses the last 2 movements. The Andante is in turn so subtly wrought that for the first I understood those (apparently) boring, even irritating iterations of the dim-da dim-da that thread its way through it.In a word, a superb interpretation full of gusto married to a sensivity that is unsurpassed.I find it shocking that such a recording could vanish from the market for decades and return without any fanfare whatever.I have to confess at the end that the recording quality has not been improved upon. It is supposed to have been remastered, but this is cheating with terminology. The "remastering" here means simply, it was played on a record player and an mp3 made of it, with all the groove noises and pops and clicks.But I for one choose to live with it until a better incarnation appears -- if ever. Performances like this don't grow on trees.
The tympani part is particularly prominent in this recording, I can really hear the heads vibrating.  It is quite enjoyable!
I am not a Handel "expert" like some of the other reviewers. I cannot give you any technical detailed info on this as compared with other readings. I am only familiar with a couple other versions of Handels Messiah. This is the Handel I cut my teeth on and in my humble and uneducated opinion, the best. The fast clip whether traditional or not is engaging, other versions I own seem to drag in comparison. This Handel will take you into the presence of God if you let is, as it was intended to by Handel himself. Even if you are not a classical music fan, take the leap and purchase this: you won't be dissapointed!
Great Scottish music.  I love listening to the pipes and drums.  A friend gave me this for Christmas.  I have wanted this album for a long time.  Am glad I finally have it to enjoy.
~I have always loved the bagpipes and this is a great choice for any who like them as well. They played them perfectly.
I love this performance. Have been a fan for years. You can follow the story from track to track and lose yourself in cosmic drama. I highly recommend.
An astounding work by Holst, brilliantly performed!  There are few pieces of music that truly capture the awe, majesty and mystery of the universe, and the London Symphony delivers!
Holst's The Planets Suite has been recorded in so many versions that it can be difficult to make distinctions between all the versions, at least until you develop some idea of what you think the ideal version would sound like.  And for me, this version with Andre Previn conducting the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra is that ideal version.  The timings are impeccable,  not too fast and not too slow.  The elements of the orchestra are balanced, no excess of bass or brass, no excess of volume, and plenty of dynamic range.  Emotionally, the music is perfect, not coldly technical nor made maudlin by bad timings or overemphasizing passages.If there's any complaint to be made, it's in the technology of the original recording, which isn't as good as more recent recordings.  This tends to blend some of the instruments more than I would like.  Still, that is not a fault of the performance and the sound is uniformly excellent.So I find this to be my definitive The Planets performance, the standard against which I compare other performances.  While some may prefer the DG version or the Toronto version, you can't really go wrong with this one, either as an introduction to this suite or as one for repeated listening by experienced ears.
I first heard The Planets years ago and I would have to say that this is an album I could listen to anytime regardless of mood or activity.
Good price too!  I listen to it while I'm writing software at work.  I'm not sure I have heard all of the songs on this album until now, and I like them all.
Listening to this, I suddenly understood where every awesome 20th Century film orchestral soundtrack came from!  The music is majestic, catchy, fun, and moving. You really don't get much better than that.  I've listened to classical music for years, but even my two sons (three and six years old) love this music.  It's easy to understand the enduring appeal of Holst's most famous composition.
This work is so rousing. And the London Symphony Orchestra's version is impeccable. Holst's composition poetically captures the fiery Warrior of Mars and the Joviality of Jupiter. Thoroughly enjoyed this version.
A brilliant symphony of immediately recognizable classics whose movements help fill our imaginations. Holst has created the musical back drop used in countless movies and commercials to evoke a sense of awe and inspiration. Here in its pure form it sends us streaking through our solar system to meet our mysterious neighbors and embrace them with joy. A truly inspiring rendition of his work.
This collection stimulates the imagination and emotions. Each selection fits the description of the representative planet. I would recommend this collection to all classical enthusiasts.
I cannot attest to the technical nature of the performance but it sounds great to me -I bought it listen to before attending it live, but if you cannot attend a live performance, this will do!
Lovely music from unknown or little known composers. Well played and recorded. You will enjoy repeated playings. And that's all.
Wonderful collection of music from 20th-century Catalonia composers. The music is skillfully played and interpreted with sensitivity. An album with richness and cultural intensity.
An incredibly talented lot! This is regardless of what period of music you listen to. I plan on buying more
the artistry of Kogan is always a delight.  He knows how to bring a depth and meaning to anything he plays.
There are many fine Christmas albums out there, but few enhance the message of each carol like this album. Right from the start you know that this is an exciting collection. Each arrangement is a finely crafted tone poem that tells the story of each carol.  Be prepared to experience a wide range of emotions. If you like choir, organ with orchestra, this is your album.
Astounded again by the creativity possessed by Ray Benson and his fantastic band.  I was skeptical, until about half way through the first song.  What a winning combination of their classical swing with the gift of the classical accompaniment of The Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra.  Now, I wouldn't want a full menu of this blend, but for a beautiful change and kick-back relaxing music, you would have to search long and hard to beat this album.  Having seen the band many times (Grant's Pass, OR, Slim's in S.F., Arizona Charlie's in L.V. and others, I can tell you they are at the top of their game.  Wait until you hear Elizabeth McQueen with "I'm An Old Cow Hand".  To sum it up....WOW!  You want this album.  I down-loaded it, because I couldn't wait.
Wish I could have brought the CD, Had to downoad as MP3 then burn to a CD for my husband. He does enjoy it and listens to this cd while out fishing.
Asleep at the Wheel with The Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra is a true delight and a refreshing take on some classic Wheel songs like Miles and Miles of Texas, House of Blue Lights and I'm an Old Cow Hand. You can really hear Ray Benson's voice boom in the big room it was recorded in. This album is a very enjoyable listen and a nice surprise indeed.
If you like the sound of the cello or artists that are innovative in style and technique, then you should definitely give Zoe Keating a try. She creates unique songs, building them layer by layer through the aide of her laptop. I have seen her live, and every song sounds true to the recording.  It's mind boggling to listen to the cd and realize that it's only her playing each part, and that she can play the song perfectly in a live performance with no other assistance. In a word, she's amazing. The music is captivating. I listen to this album on a regular basis and highly recommend it.
i found her on twitter first and followed to her page and then here to buy her music. love it. its so beautiful.
Zoe Keating does absurdly amazing things with a cello and a macbook. This album spans the range of chill (Updraught) to epic (Exurgency and Walking Man) and I highly recommend it
I first saw an Acoustic Eidolon music video on a Christian TV station; the music was so beautiful and soothing. This is an excellent album to help settle the soul and ease the mind.
This is a rare and tremendous recording by Albert Schweitzer, whom Life Magazine called &#34;the greatest man in the world&#34; and the world's best known organist at the time.  This recording was made at the church of All Hallows by the Tower of London on December 18, 1935.  (See Paul Elie, &#34;Reinventing Bach&#34;, pages 13-18...)
I met this artist in Scottsdale AZ in Old Town. He was playing his music on his keyboard.Thank you for a wonderful mini concert!I play piano, and this is an amazing work of ART.
This is the best ever piano music. If you give it a chance you will love it!Elijah Bossenbroek is  an amazing pianist.
I recently watched a marvelous film by Ken Russell, entitled "Delius - Song of Summer". It is on Eric Fenby's 1936 memoir 'Delius as I knew him', which traces the last years of Frederick Delius, and and how Fenby helped the blind, paralysed composer complete the unfinished scores he could hear in his head. In this film, when Fenby mentioned "English" music, Delius asked "What is that?" and got rather upset. This suggests that the composer would not have liked to be categorized, as he generally is, as an "English" composer.I can now see, as Delius apparently did, to associate music, especially great music, like this, with a Nation, Period, style, genre etc., detracts from its universal or boundless appeal.I don't think either Delius or Butterworth would be upset if I listed the truly lovely and exceptionally well performed music in this collection under the general heading of "pastoral" -- music inspired by the beauty, order and harmony of Nature. Truly, the music on this album is wonderful, no matter what one calls it!Delius - Song of Summer ( Delius ) [ NON-USA FORMAT, PAL, Reg.0 Import - Great Britain]
For those who love movie scores, there are at least 2 tracks you'll need from this album: "Love and Marigolds" and "Hold Me, I'm Falling." I honestly don't own the entire album, so I can't say what else is there. But I can tell you that Mychael Danna has done something wonderful with the movie score portion of the soundtrack.
I love Monsoon Wedding! The music is evocative of the movie, with all its joys and sorrows. It makes me smile.
I was shocked by this performance.  Killer.  More aggressive than most, which is a good thing for this aggressive work. It isolates the voices to illuminate those traditionally more embedded.  It brings out some of the brass parts I often don't hear. And at minute 0:50-0:55, and again at 4:05-4:05, Saccani brings to the front a voice that I swore was a chorus of soprano's(!!) I guess it's high strings, (maybe flutes?). I should check the score. Anyway, that was a nice of piece of candy.
The first 2 discs in the series were superb and this does not disappoint in any way. Great tone and sound, sensitive interpretations. If you have only heard Sting/Karamazov play this music, you owe it to yourself to hear what a true master of the instrument can do. If you already own the O'Dette, McFarlane and Lindberg versions, this is still worth the download.
About 25 years ago I bought a Melodya LP of Arensky's Symphony No. 1 performed by Yevgeny Svetlanov conducting the USSR Symphony Orchestra.  You can't beat that recording.  Unfortunately I've moved several times since then and that LP is lost forever.  However, Polyansky and the Russian State Orchestra do a commendable job with this recording.  They've also included some other gems--the Tchaikovsky Variations and Vocal Quartet--that weren't on my original LP.  For those who are new to Arensky's music, you're in for a real treat.  Do yourself a favor and download this one.  It's at a great price too.
This is my favorite recording of Carnival of the Animals by far - personally, I enjoy just listening to the music without the distraction of the poetry which so often is recorded along with or on top of the music.  The intentional mistakes in the pianists movement of this recording is sensational - you get a great feel for the struggling beginner pianists, and it must have just a blast to record for the artists.The Wedding Cake is a novelty which I had never encountered before, a wonderful lyrical exercise.Mozart's Musical Joke is a real treat, and very unusual for both the composer and the time period.  It sounds so wonderfully Mozart and then the horns just throw everything off, and hilariously, for once, they do it according to the music...
This is one of my favorite Brass Band CDs. The variety of music and styles make this CD enjoyable to listen to.When you hear the beauty of Ava Maria and then the majesty of Toccata in D minor, you realize why Brass Bands have been so popular for such a long time in England and other countries in Europe and gaining popularity in the USA.
My late husband and I have always enjoyed Rodrigo's pieces and now I am happy to have them on my Kindle Fire. They remind me of him.
If you have any taste for nineteenth-century music for winds, this recording is well worth the price. Elgar's wind compositions are often considered mere juvenilia, but they are everything I wanted to hear--light, charming, graceful, full of good cheer and sweetness, elegantly performed. Listening to this music brightens my day, and I'd certainly be inclined to purchase more recordings from the artists, Athena Ensemble.
This is another one of Amazon's bargain offerings, but differentiated by the fact that it's a very fine performance that can make a valuable addition to anyone's collection of Pathetique renderings, or a very competent first exposure to one of classical music's greatest and most dramatic masterpieces. Conductor Mariss Jansons gets his usual unique and insightful interpretation, and the symphony is rendered very well sonically, sounding much better than it has any reason to in this MP3 format. I will be looking for the CD as well. A winner for sure.
It's hit or miss when trying to find a version that pleases.  Following the many informative reviews, downloaded.  Husband is quite happy.
OK, darlings, this is easily one of the best modern recordings both for performance and for sound. In my strange listing of recordings I give it an 11 out of 11 for both performance.  And, it is easily the equal of the Gatti recording.  I bought this when it first came out and, along with the Gatti, it is easily the most listened to recording of the 6th we have.  Yes, a rating system going from 1-11, what do you expect from the Bipolar Bear?  So, on Amazon's system it easily gets 5 stars.  Listen and enjoy forever more!Mark Zimmerman, Bipolar Bear
Before buying this Album, I was not familiar with the music of Moeran, although I had known and admired Peter Warlock&#8217;s choral works for a long time. I bought the Album simply because it featured the Finzi Singers, an incredibly gifted group that never seems to let you down. I was agreeably surprised at the high quality of E.J. Moeran&#8217;s music. The collection of his songs on the album is excellent, including some with familiar lyrics by such great writers as Shakespeare and Herrick. The Warlock collection is also well chosen, including his popular Cornish Carols: he is certainly one of the great twentieth century composers of this type of music. And to top it all, we have the Finzi Singers, who specialize in twentieth century British choral music and who will transport you to a musical heaven of sorts &#8211; their disciplined performance is uplifting, inspiring and ethereal.
The performance of Tchailovky's work is excellent, but just two minutes before the ending there is a minor blemish in the recording. Otherwise is one of few performances of the work as the composer intended.
The perfect background music for your next royal banquet or joust!  Many people forget that Henry Tudor was an accomplished musician and this CD captures that very well.  A welcome and novel addition to your classical collection.
Who could have guessed Henry VIII was such an accomplished maker of music?  This cd brings to mind all of the majesty of the time.  Great sitting by a roaring fire or just relaxing.  Highly recommended!
My church choir sang one of Ms. Beach's choral works, Canticle of the Sun.  It was so beautiful and so unique, I was intrigued, so I wanted to listen to more of her music.  So far, I have NOT been disappointed.  This album was lovely. These pieces, all instrumental, are fantastic.
The score for The Golden Mountains (1931) was the third film for which Dmitri Shostakovich provided music.  The music is more symphonic than his earlier scores and it was his second scored that was recorded, rather than played during the running of the film. The story of the film was inspired by a strike at an ironworks in 1905 that sparked other strikes. The Waltz is one of the more famous pieces from the score and features a Hawaiian guitar.  Shostakovich created a suite from the music which was premiered by the Bolshoi Orchestra.Volochayev Days (1937) was composed following the debacle over Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk when Shostakovich had to take what composing jobs he could find. The film is set in 1918 when the Japanese launched an attack on Vladivostok (along with the British and Americans). There are two battle scenes in the film, one of which has a melody that the composer later used in the finale of his Sixth Symphony.  The music recorded for this disc (a premiere recording) is not a suite by the composer but three short pieces taken from the original music - an overture, with a sprightly march theme, music depicting a Japanese attack and a fragment that seems to herald a victory.The music from The Gadfly has several recordings and receives a very fine one from the BBC Philharmonic. The film was produced in 1955 and is based on a novel by English author Ethel Voynich.  The story concerns an illegitimate son of a Cardinal who joins the fight for the unification of Italy and the self-sacrifice of the lead character.  The suite was cobbled together from the film music by Lev Atovmian and has been very popular in concert performances. The suite has some lovely music with the Romance being the best known but many other parts of the suits, the Overture, Contradance, Folk Festival and Barrel-organ Waltz, to name just three, are wonderfully tuneful.The performance of the music by Vassily Sinaisky conducting the BBC Philharmonic is first rate and the recording is clear and superbly balanced. If you already have The Gadfly (this is performance is certainly worth having) you should have this disc for The Golden Mountains and Volochayev Days.
My first MP3 download from Amazon ever...had only done Kindle books...and of a Piano Concerto I had never heard before a chance listen on satellite radio this morning. Downloaded the Amazon software to my Mac and then the transfer to iTunes occurred automatically. For someone growing up on a diet of Romantic Piano Concertos, Rachmaninoff, Prokofiev, Tchaikovsky, Brahms and Chopin, I assumed I knew them all - so what a thrill to discover this very approachable, glorious music. At time so simple in melodic line and harmony you think you are listening to something Copland might have arranged - at other times as rich as and full as Rachmaninoff's best. I purchased this version of Mats Widlund's performance over the Hyperion recording because of another Amazon reviewer's recommendation that this was the single best version of the 1st Piano Concerto. Someone else commented they hoped Mats Widlund will go on to perform and record the 2nd. All I can say is that musically this is pretty darn great and even more so for being unexpected. Thank you
Wonderful music, and, unfortunately, no printed scores are available.  Does anybody understand why??  I would buy in New York minute!!!Leo
This is an excellent album. The repertoire is fresh. The performances are excellent. That is to say two things. First, it's so nice to hear good 20th century compositions for brass. I have long grown weary of listening to the standard canon of brass quintet music: transcription of renaissance and baroque music; a few good romantic compositions; and a lot of conservatory competition compositions. Second, these guys are good players. It's all there, solid brass technique and fine ensemble playing. This album will hold a favorite place in your collection of music sound recordings.
This a very fine recording and great performance of Chausson's very nice symphony and other orchestral works! I have another recording of this symphony from the Netherlands Symphony Orchestra and consider this on par or perhaps better. Highly recommend!
Bach: Conductors' Transcriptions (The) is a recording with how many of the conductors interpreted Bachs works and added a personal touch to them and is conducted by Leonard Slatkin. The booklet has well-written linernotes written by Edward Johnson. The linernotes come in  English, German and French. Chandos Records has done a quite good job with great font, a very nice photograph on the back of the conductor but one could have included more pictures of the conductors that one has chosen. 5/5.
German baroque music.  The realization is good.  Excellent sense of extemporaneous playing lead by breath, fine continuo. I would like further excerpts.
I  initially thought the narration might prove annoying - having to listen to that pesky Shakespeare - considering that Walton's Henry V  is one of the greatest films scores in the history of cinema but I was proven quite wrong.  We are taken on an utterly engrossing journey.  This recording is far more detailed, vibrant and satisfying than that for the suites which Walton himself conducts with the Philharmonia.  As for missing Olivier, as Daniel Berk posits as a possibility, have no fears. Plummer is today's Olivier and a total blessing.  There is only one word to describe his contribution: superb!  Although "stirring" and "moving" could fittingly be added.  (For some reason this says I am reviewing an MP3.  i am not.  I'm reviewing the CD.)
My all-time favorite singer is Jessye Norman, but Felicity Lott is a close second. She has a beautiful clear soprano without much of that whooo sound that a lot of sopranos have. Can't get enough of Richard Strauss lately. I also have a recording of Felicity singing his Drei Hymnen Opus 71, which is beyond beautiful. The Lott/Strauss combination is highly recommended!
Excellent instrumental renderings of west Side Story and Porgy and Bess ! The quintet sounds like a whole band. I'm happy i purchased it.
The Finzi singers, as usual, do a fantastic job and the part-songs, composed by the great Elgar, are simply beautiful to hear. You cannot fail to like it.
This music makes one reminisce about journeys of the heart. If you've seen or watched Leonard Bernstein's classic West Side Story or listened to the music of Frederick Chopin's Nocturne's you will perhaps know what I mean.There's a bit of a film track quality to this album. The tones are lush and lyrical. The musical styling of Joe Hisaishi in his Princess Mononoke can be heard between the lines.When you blend in the unique personality of a gifted composer such as Sachio Fujoka and his talented pianist Kyoko Tabe you have the basis of truly profound listening.  Try it.  Perhaps on an rainy afternoon or romantic dinner for two.I truly enjoyed this album.It sparkles.
I purchased this for the pieces from Rodelinda as it is difficult to find a good recording of the entire opera.  This, of course, is only selected pieces from each of these operas, but the recording is excellent.  No vocals, all instrumental, but very enjoyable.
i was previously only familiar with the 2nd symphony (cambridge) and a piano concerto, so i wanted to explore this composer more fully.  the symphony being my favorite musical form, i couldn't resist this set.  i am glad i purchased it!  i love the playing, and the sound is beautiful!  overall, i like parry's symphonies a lot.  i've only run through them once, so far, but the 3rd (english) is an immediate stand out.
Exalted, beautiful, sweeping music... some of the most original compositions of the 20th century... performed with passion, grace, and sincere commitment.
We started playing this for our boys at night.  It really soothed and calmed them.  The boys (now 11) remember this and asked if we could get it for them so they can play it on their iPod's in the evening when studying or going to sleep.  Great collection
I found this at the dollar store.  I wasn't expecting too much, but the performances are exquisite.  There is classical music interspersed with accompanied Gregorian Chant.  The chant is (of course) sung in Latin, but the accompaniment is a full orchestra. There is something about this album that touches my heart.  I have no idea what this has to do with "the code", but that's ok.  Don't miss this!
This is extraordinary flute playing of the highest order.Not just exceptional technique and ultra-sumptuous sounds but the kind of playing that reaches out and touches in an all-encompassing communicative way with all the comparative elegance and panache of every master whose ever picked up this piece of 'sophisticated plumbing' and touched the heavens with it.Claude CobertNew Bedford, Massachusetts
I had never heard of Giuseppe Morino until I found this CD on Amazon. After doing a quick internet search, I discovered that he has been a regular guest at the most prestigious Italian opera houses, specializing in Donizetti, Bellini and Rossini dramatic roles, and in French opera. And to be sure, his voice may not be attractive to American audiences who like the deep somber tones of Domingo or Rollando Villazon. However, if you find yourself drawn to the high timbre and agile vocal athletics of singers like Juan Diego Florez or Raul Gimenez, Guiseppe Morino will knock your socks off! His voice has an incredible range (witness the high D# above C in Rossini's aria "Ah, Dov'&egrave; il Cimento" from Semiramide), and he possesses a marvelous talent for singing with sensitivity and great emotion. Some singers love to belt out their high notes and demonstrate their vocal prowess, but Giuseppe Morino is able to hold back and resist that temptation, focusing on the emotions behind the music with delightful results. His rendition of "Mi Par D'udire Ancora" from Bizet's The Pearl Fishers is the most beautiful and sensitive I have ever heard. This album is highly recommended! If you like MP3's, this album is especially wonderful because you can pick and choose which arias you want to download.
This is as different as they come and it is highly captivating. It may or may not resemble what Bach had in mind in 1744; then again, the way we perceive Bach's music today may not match the original vision either. Today's listener is likely to have heard everything from Fischer to Brookshire and a modern performance has to address that level of awareness in its audience. Contemporary musicians give us new ways of relating to music that would otherwise get locked in repetition and shrivel into irrelevance. So, yes, this is still very much Bach attuned to our evolved conceptions & expectations.Edward Wood is unconventionally insightful. His performance intoxicates with its daring, intelligence and beauty and the detail charms the intellect. Strangely, this appears to be his only Bach recording to date.One has to marvel at Bach's ability to keep reeling them in - all the best minds and intellects - some three centuries on. No doubt he'll still be at it in a further three centuries!
This album is useful for (1) focusing on work and (2) de-stressing from everyday anxieties. This album has been able to soothe me at key moments.  I listened to the album on Magnatune and then had to purchase it because I enjoyed it so much.  I would whole-heartedly recommend it.  I think the first reviewer's idea to give this album as a gift is great.
I listen to classical and new age music; this set of transcriptions brings together many of my favorite classical pieces, but performs them with a wistful gentleness that makes it so I can enjoy listening with my full attention, but can also use it as a mood-setting background while I work.  The performances are sweet and pure.
This masterpiece should be much better known. It is simply a superb choral piece, not a mass in the traditional Catholic sense, but more in the nature of Bernstein's Mass. The choral writing is magnificent, reminscent to this listener, at least, of Mahler's 8th. Recommended without qualification.
Some wonderful Christmas songs, sung with style and charisma.  This man has a powerful and beautiful voice.
Simply beautiful and interesting. Didn't know anything about him until reading a review in the newspaper. Well worth buying this album.
This is a wonderful set of performances of classical standards transcribed for the guitar. Salinas's Moonlight is marvelous but all the tracks leave you wanting more.
Absolutely the BEST classical guitarist I have listened to in quite a while!  Love this CD - it is a must buy for those who appreciate fine classical guitar!!!
I was looking for Liszt's Harmonies Poetiques because I like all his piano compositions and wanted to add these songs to my collection. I have listened to 3 different people play these "Harmonies" and I have to say that I defininitely like the way David Barela plays them the best. He plays them at just the right speed, which is very important. I have another CD of Harmonies, but the pianist plays too fast and I won't listen to it anymore. Even though this CD does not have the Benediction on it.....it is a great CD and I would highly recommend it.
I love this album. It's absolutely amazing. Their sound is just phenomenal. I'm so very impressed with the choir and their conductor! The pieces they chose are ridiculously difficult and the girls perform them beautifully.
Being a band nerd, I like listening to band music.  This compilation is first rate, and I hope that students will ask their directors to program on or more of these selections for an upcoming concert or festival.  I hope directors will take the time to listen and say to themselves "Yeah, my band can play this!"I first heard of Stephen Melillo's music as a college student.  I was selected to play in the KKPsi/TBS National Intercollegiate Band in 1993, and we performed his "A Walk in Jurassic Park".  "What awesome music!" I thought to myself, and it was fun to play, too.I have performed some his music with my own bands, and the players really enjoy the craft which Mr. Melillo puts into his compositions.
Ren&eacute;e has a rare voice that draws you into the light she shines upon those all over the world. Inner Voice and My Christmas Wish are her best works to date.Those who have an opportunity to see her in person often experience a special, memorable event. Her book The Last Dance but Not The Last Song is a great read. She helps people all over the world and specializes in counseling with teens and collaborating with Mothers of Preschoolers.Ren&eacute;e Bondi's website and Facebook fan page offer her concert schedule and booking information.
First, if you are a Hedges fan you have to see Andrews Aerial Boundaries, its dead on with an added little slide that is great. I have been watching and waiting for that next "rip your head off" Hedges type of guitarist and I really think Andrew is the real deal. While I'm also a big fan of Erik Mongrain and Giovanni Baglioni, I think Andrew might put out some of the best new tunes I've ever heard. His myspace page has a couple tunes that are incredible. Watch for this guy, and while your at it, listen to Double Edged Sword here and you'll agree.
I have been waiting for this for so long.  I once had an album by  Goosens all of it played by Goosens why can't they just remaster it?  And where is it? I want it.For those who haven't heard Goosens play it is his remarable tone quality and breath that captures the soul and transports it...broad, reedy, melodic, earthy and transcendant.
If you love music from the vanishing pipe organ's magnificent sound, then this one is for you.  It's classic music is the basic album for me.  There's no organist like E. Power Biggs.
We heard the first Grieg concerto on Pandora, then followed up by listening to different recordings on Spotify (free). Since we like to own our music, rather than rent it, we then searched for the recording we liked on the Istore and on Amazon, which had better pricing. Some reviewers who obviously know more about music than us criticized some aspects of Rubenstein's performance. We humbly disagree. This is a lovely piece, well played and enjoyable.
Horowitz at his best with Chopin. Admittedly, these are my favorite polonaises. Does Chopin bring out the best in Horowitz?
These concerti from Sony France appeared in 2004, one of a dozen or so remastered  Serkin recordings.  One is struck by the improved sound- great clarity in piano and orchestra, bright, forward piano tone, terrific winds (e.g clarinets in #23, flute and oboe in #27). Schneider, sometimes rough and unkempt, is very good here.  No tempi are rushed, c.f. the first movements of their #s 14, 11, and 16.  Serkin seems unrushed, taking time to inflect, using small rubati convincingly and articulating passage work carefully c.f. some ofhis BBC live Mozart-#s 12, 14, 20, and 21, all of which were partly redeemed by better third movements and profound second movements. In this cd, both concerti are beautifully played period. Especially fine are the Adagio in #23 and the larghetto in #27.  Both are taken at tempo- Mozart meant them to be taken slowly, I think-they are ambivalent,mixing tragedy and serenity, and a true poet will capture this mix, taking the time to do so. Serkin-Schneider, I think, are best in #s 9,12 (twice), 17, 21, 23, and 27.Peers:  #23: Frager/Tchkarov, Curzon/ Kubelik and Szell, Goode/Orpheus, Moravec/Vlach, Pollini/Bohm, Haebler/Rowicki#27:  Curzon/Szell and Kertesz, Haskil/Fricsay, Haebler/Galliera, Larrocha/Davis, Bogner/Ristenpart
The favorite of all my Buxtehude cd's !!!!!  Enough said !!  Buxtehude's three sets of sonatas and Corelli's sonatas fit together so well. The sound and compositions are fantastic !I absolutely love this cd ! It is exactly why I listen to classical music. The sound is exceptionally clean and crisp. Great playing !Read his autobiography, it is interesting. Get vol. 2 and 3. Less than $5.00 each on the internet!Good day !
I never knew of Mr. Galway until recently (though I had heard his works); I have now found an even greater level of respect for the flute. Outstanding renditions of the pieces (and great accompaniment by the contributing artists as well). I must have listened to &#34;Consolation No. 3&#34; dozens of times since the last few days I bought the album.
Will always love Galway. I have a few of his albums and they just resonate with me.  His music is perfect dinner/relaxation music no matter what he is tweedleing. LOVE YOU SIR JAMES!
I just downloaded this album a short while ago, this morning.  As it happens, I was looking through an old 'memory box' with things primarily devoted to the 1980s.  I had had very personal reasons for making note of music that struck my emotions, and I found those notes while I was looking around.  This particular album, Gentle Images, had been noted more than once in my handwriting.  I knew why, but could not place the music.  I was sad to see, upon doing a search for Jim Bajor, that he had passed away in 2006, the result of a car accident.  Really sad, especially to lose those with talent.  As I'd written, I could not remember any specific melody created by Mr. Bajor, but upon a quick listen via preview, I knew why the music had affected me as it did.  Beautiful piano sounds.  If I were to try to describe this music in contemporary terms, I would say it sounds a lot like the piano of Jim Brickman, the mega-piano man.  But the melodies are those of this talented person, and those melodies are wonderful indeed, at least to my ears.  I'm sure this album is long forgotten by anyone who was even aware of this Detroit local, but if you are reading this review, it's worth a listen to see what you think.  This recording may very well be something you would love.
Appealing classical music with a very fresh, yet old-school recording, performance. Transports you to a lost time. Just a treat to listen to over and over again.
I used this music to accompany my scary clown theme for this year's Halloween.  Had so much fun.  The distorted caliope music was probably one of my favorite tracks.  Glad I could download this music.  IT made the night.
Klown (2005) by Virgil (Virgil Franklin) is a collection of sinister clown/circus music.  These songs have an underlying tone of menace to them.  The songs aren't over the top, but rather more on the subtle side and highly effective at creating a mischievious evil circus clown feel.  Personal favorite tracks of mine are &#34;Rotten Rubber Nose&#34;, &#34;Greasepaint And Chainsaws&#34;, &#34;Stuck In My Teeth&#34;, and &#34;Blood On The Sawdust&#34;.
The notorious creator of the indie comic and flash cartoon Neurotically Yours brings us his skill as a musician. Jonathan pours out his heart and soul as he lulls you into a bleak atmosphere. His music is truthful and inspired as he confronts the darkest parts of the human condition. Every melody here carries the weight of human anxieties and despair, and forces the listener to look into themselves and face their own inner demons.Emotional and powerful I hope Jonathan continues to go forth in his musical work as he as continued through out the years with his cartoons.
this soundtrack works well alone without the movie; I can read books and listen to this while relaxing -- very nice
Bryan Rowe's music is exquistely beautiful. I haven't been able to stop playing this CD since I got it.  He crafts his work with great talent, but it's the passion and heart in his music that brings it to life.  Of all Bryan's CD's, I love this one the most.
I have only recently heard this CD for the first time.  More celtic than classical, this recording is a beautiful combination of free style piano and resonant French horn tones.  Certainly haunting melodies.I am really impressed by the magnificent horn sound from Phil Munds, principal horn player from the Baltimore Symphony.  The piano lines are reminiscent of George Winston and Liz Story type styles, written and performed by Bryan Rowe.I am looking forward to their next collaboration, hopefully out in 2010.  Well done, guys!
I  play this for hours at a timebeautiful music to be enjoyed over & overa magnificent musical instrument
Clear virtuosity shining through a wonderful mix of genres.  I enjoyed all, but truly valued several.
The tracks on this album are played in a manner which almost defies description.  On this evidence,Aleksandr Gauk was one of the top conductors in the world. The musicians play as if their lives dependedon it--perhaps this was indeed the case, we're talking Stalin-era Soviet Union here, probably late 1940s,early 1950s recordings. This is the kind of fare we used to get in America on old Monitor label LPs.I don't know if these recordings appeared in such fashion, but I don't remember any of my old Monitorssounding this good. That being said, understand that these are old mono recordings, apparently refurbished,but still mono. I compared the &#34;Feramors&#34; (Rubinstein) done by Gauk with the same selections doneby Igor Golovchin in the early 1990s. The latter does an excellent job, and the pieces are attractivein stereo, but it is the Gauk renditions  to which I keep returning.  My sound system is rather analytical,and the mono on the MP3 highlights some particularly impressive string playing, both as to rhythm and speed.I've notice the same characteristics on some Glinka pieces on another album by Gauk. It is incredible,when one realizes that technical wizardry was so much more limited in the day when these recordings weremade, to say nothing of the fact that the Soviets lagged behind the West in recording technology.In addition to the Rubinstein, the Glinka &#34;Symphony&#34; (one movement) and Liszt's &#34;Carneval at Pest&#34; (the only non-Russian item) were highlights for me. This album is highly recommended for lovers of Russian music, who can accommodate themselves to mono sound which is much more than acceptable.  This one goes to the deserted isle with me.
I had listened to Faure's Op. 120 before and therefore jumped at this CD, and am glad I did, as it is a great rendering.  I especially like Faure's long melodic lines on the cello and violin, giving a nice blend of their respective sonorities, while the piano does most of the accompaniement, adding lively brushes of colour to a fresh French countryside tableau.  This is music that will never be outdated, in my opinion.
I use this music during prayer/meditation and find it to be quite beautiful and inspiring.  I would recommend Classic Psalms.
I became an instant fan of John Mock when I heard the album he made with Butch Baldassari many years ago, 'Cantabile' ---  His classical guitar playing is flawless and he captures the essence of traditional music while establishing a certain contemporary framework around it-- somewhat in the same way that artists on the old Windham Hill label did.  My favorite tracks are the ones with guitar and mandolin-- 'Aboard the Morgan', 'The Ponies of Chincoteague' and 'At the Cliffs of Moher' are outstanding.
Mr. Morrell's music is beautiful and moving, an absolute joy to listen to. Even my kids like it! I highly recommend this album for anyone who enjoys gorgeous instrumentals.
This is a great disc, start to finish, wish artist would hurry up with a follow-up album.I could call this easy listening, ethereal instrumental music, almost new-age sounding but not too new-age. From what I understand the artist is a Christian. You will enjoy this CD regardless of your religious beliefs-or none at all-because its all instrumental, no spoken or sung lyrics. Its a beautiful album. (For those who are religious or Christian, you may like the fact there are no out-there new-age inspired vibes going on. I say that NOT as a swipe at new age music because I own some myself, but only because some religious people shy away from new age music so they won't have to be afraid of this CD.)I have used this CD at parties, and also for long car drives. Its a great stress reliever also. Its a fantastic disc, I like almost every song & don't find myself having to skip around the disc, its a good listen all the way through.This guy is a great little-known talent & very worthy composer. This is more than just instrumental music, its pretty deep. Check out the tracks, if you're into this style of music you won't be disappointed with this album.
Lotus Zen Loves &lt;3 epic Gamer Music and Movies. We just found this awesome album and when we get board of the in game music or are going to fight an Epic Boss we put this in and its like a musical version of adrenalin pumping into your ears and kick starting your heart and preparing your nervous system for the Epic Battle ahead :P
"Production Music" like this often gets overlooked, and its a shame, because this is some of the most bombastic and action-packed orchestral music money can buy! Dooley has done an astounding job with the album, and you truly get an epic feeling everytime you listen to this. Yes the name might be boring - the music is anything but.If you liked the Lord of the Rings, or pretty much any epic orchestral scores, this album will blow you away. In fact, you will probably still be blown away no matter what!
This music is phenomenal. The song samples on Amazon don't give you a lot to work with so it took me weeks to decide for sure if I should take a chance on it. I'm so glad I did. My only complaint is that I wish the tracks were a little longer. Some of them just end too fast for my liking.If you're a fan of film score or trailer music, particularly as it pertains to epic battle scenes and the like, you will love this.
This is just a great album. A really great buy, well worth every penny. Easy listening and a great mood setter. I'm 100% sure you will be pleased, even if you only buy one song I know you will enjoy it.
This group has a singular sound due to the mix of instruments, the virtuosity of its players, and the ingenuity of its composer, Robin Cox.  I met the group's clarinetist when he came to the San Francisco Bay Area to play in a concert of the music of Barney Childs, a teacher who had affected the lives of most of the people who took part in the concert.  Like the rest of the ensemble performers, Marty has a compelling talent.
This item is essential and surely one of my favorite CDs I own. How could any fan of Rubenstein or Mozart not think this is some of the most sublime performances ever cought on record? Strangely though in the Eb quartet there is a rather annoying buzz at times, but it is not nerely enough to take down the amazingly perfect performance.
I bought this music to listen to while studying for calculus , physics ,and organic chemistry . Verses listening to strict classical eg Mozart etc. this cd and other cd in this series are great . The music is driven and I even find myself listening to it and next thing I know my alarm is goig off for my morning jog.
Great modern classical music. I'm actually not a fan of the genre, but I like these guys a lot.
A friend told me about his music and I love it. Would recommend it to anyone who likes guitar music.
I have no wish to repeat my opinion from Vol 1 of this duo's lovely and lively performances of Bottesini's inspired scores, but think it superfluous to add more lavish praise. Suffice it to say that these are more wholly committed, technically very assured, joyful and melodic outings, which can't fail to give satisfaction. Can't be bothered to read my review for Vol 1? Okay, here's the repetition: Some of the reasons for the success of these performances is the extraordinary range which Quarrington manages to coax from his instrument, which often sounded much more like a cello. Also, Burashko's scintillating and sympathetic piano accompaniment adds to the richness and sparkle of the melodic lines. Additionally, the sense of bounce and 'sprung rhythmn' which infuse these performances, ensured they were anything but earthbound or leaden (another prejudice shot down!). Bottesini also deserves much of the credit, for as both a double bass virtuoso and conductor, he used the full range of the instrument, and was also committed to 'an exaltation of melody above all else'. Consequently, these are surprisingly warm and lyrical pieces given the lead instrument, and a rich surprise. If you've already explored the delights of Vol 1, simply snap this up. Otherwise, if you're a lover of cello or lower register instruments, or simply appreciate quality chamber music performances, hesitate no longer: a lovely surprise awaits!
PHS is a brilliant work of original music by Dawn G. Crist.I would highly recommend this CD.
Weird album and band can't understand a F'N word their saying but what ev its still a great album just love the guitars and the drums aren't bad either the whole album is awesome.Recommend to any a fan of metal
This Wohlfahrt collection is a good accompaniment to the Sixty Studies book, helping the ear hit the gist of the meaning behind these exercises.  They are nice to listen to and produce a more relaxing experience than other fingering exercises.  One could enjoy listening to these uncomplicated passages on their own, too.
This recording of Peter Boyer's orchestral music is an outstanding introduction to his catalog of symphonic works. I purchased it not long after it was re-released in remastered form by Propulsive Music, and it has became one of THE definitive recordings of American orchestral music in my collection. It's hard to believe that almost 10 years have passed since this album was first released by Koch International Classics, as the music still captivates with the same exuberance, intensity, and vitality as when it was first written and recorded - a true testament to its ongoing relevance within the symphonic repertoire.The performances on this album are truly top-notch: the composer himself conducts the legendary London Symphony Orchestra, and the sonic brilliance of these recordings is further enhanced by the famed acoustics of Abbey Road's Studio 1 in London, where they were recorded over the course of two intense days of sessions. From the ecstatic opening bars of the initial fanfare, "Celebration Overture," to the exotic and varied colors of such works as "Titanic," "Ghosts of Troy," and the uplifting "New Beginnings," this collection achieves a level of artistry that has become all-too-rare in modern recordings: it functions "as a piece," that is to say, as a cohesive and well-programmed album. As such, it joins the ranks of the elite few recordings that truly live up to the title of "album" - its carefully-paced programming invites and allows the listener on a musical journey with a satisfying beginning, middle, and end. That all of Boyer's compositions also stand upon their own as artistic works of integrity and merit, existing as sufficient ends unto themselves (as they were initially conceived of and composed), makes the overarching stylistic cohesion all the more impressive.Personal favorites from this recording include the aforementioned tracks, as well as "Three Olympians" and "The Phoenix" - all of which represent Boyer's flair for vivid orchestral colors, imaginative instrumental forms and timbres, and soaring, epic melodies. This melodic ability is present throughout these works, particularly in the lyrical melodies of  "Aphrodite" (movement two of "Three Olympians") and "New Beginnings," the latter of which concludes this fantastic recording, lingering on in the "mind's ear" long after its end.In sum, this is a terrific collection of Peter Boyer's music, which stands on the very forefront of American orchestral music today. For listeners who, like myself, are struck by his seamless balance of musical accessibility and sophistication, I would encourage you to seek out his other equally-impressive releases: first, there is the Grammy-nominated Naxos recording of his "Ellis Island: The Dream of America," which has become one of the most-performed American orchestral works in recent history. Also of note is his most recent composition, "The Dream Lives On: A Portrait of the Kennedy Brothers," commissioned by the Boston Pops for their 125th anniversary season. The recording of this latest work features Keith Lockhart conducting the Boston Pops, the Tanglewood Festival Chorus, and such luminous celebrity narrators as Robert De Niro, Ed Harris, Morgan Freeman, and Cherry Jones.Throughout all of these recordings, a fresh new voice in American music emerges - one that is here to stay for quite some time to come.
Ok, maybe I'm excentric, but for me, personally, on an enjoyment level, this is quite up there, better for me than &#34;Kind of Blue&#34;.I enjoyed Filomena Morretti's Bach albums, so I was taking a chance with this collection of disparate pieces but what a surprise  ! This is one of the rarest artists that cares for each and every note and the listener gets that. Perfect technique with enormous passion and energy. Music doesn't get much better than this.
The best arrangement....PERIOD.Others arrangements are OK, but this one I even heard ages ago at St Olaf's Christmas festival, and it was a breath of fresh air
First heard this on Public Radio when my son was very little. I recorded it along with others andused to play it at bedtime so he would fall asleep peacefully. Tried to find it for years after online or in stores with no luck. Just stumbled across it the other nights and immediately purchased it. Brings back good memories....
Dennis' dynamic and melodic phasing leads the listener from one pleasure to the next. A superb addition to any guitar-lover's collection. A musician's musician, a must-have.
I think that this is absolutely gorgeous! I loved the first piece instantly! I was &#34;introduced &#34; to Mrs Beach in college. I am thrilled with the &#34;reintroduction&#34; since my graduation date was 20 years ago!
Wonderful interpretation and sonorous sounds.Voice of heavenly beauty and style with amazing clarity. Certainly one of the best vocal talents.
This is very lovely viola music with piano as well.It is calm and soothing.
Barabino displays beautiful piano technique with artistry in the interpretation.  Very well performed.  A nice additional to a Chopin collection.
I heard this album from a friend and I decided to purchased it. very relaxing music which puts me in a very good frame of mind.
I don't care if it is classical music or bebop. This music soothes me. Peace on  a CD. I love it. Five stars!
"Early music" may not seem appealing, but you owe it to yourself to download the first track ("With all our hearts")and listen to it on your best soundsystem, then you'll know. Just gorgeous.
The "Very Best of Naxos Early Music" is, by far, the most beautiful album Amazon has ever offered for free. As I listened to each sample, I was in awe. This album is inspiring and takes you to a new level of understanding your soul. As you listen, close your eyes, and you are totally at peace with the world around you.I would love to find more of these albums. My husband is a 3 time cancer surviver, but we found out last week it has come back. I am going in next week for my third back surgery, and when I recover from that, I have to have my second total knee replacement. Bill and I kid about it, saying between the two of us, we don't make a healthy 80 year old. Its music like this that helps me cope. When I feel at my worst, I listen to this album, and a feeling of calm comes over me.Every track on this album makes me remember the saying, "Hang It On The Cross".This is a MUST HAVE album for anyone of any religion.Thank you Amazon, with all my heart.
This compilation is a soothing, relaxing getaway from the normal grind of todays music. It has a blend of choral, christian type music...it will put you in that mood when you just want some piece. I've added these tracks to my iTouch and will enjoy it always. I really think that this type of music expands your mind, and lets you melt away, and as a firefighter it gives me that chance to think about other more positive things than the pain that I see on a daily basis! Great Job Amazon!
As a Christian and a belly dancer/instructor, what a surprise and delight it was to find a baladi-based version of "Kyrie Eleison (Lord, have mercy)" -- for free, even! Rest assured I'll be belly dancing to *this* song. I've already checked out iTunes for more from Oni Wytars, and bought another song, LOL. The rest of the album is well done and worth a listen, even if it's not quite as danceable.
Naxos consistently rocks, but this thoughtful collection is freakishly well performed and recorded.  If you like classical music but haven't ventured far south of Vivaldi or Bach yet, this collection would be an awesome way to get your feet wet even if it cost a lot more.  And even if you're already a fan of early music, unless you have every recording in this collection somewhere, you need to get it.
Some of the tracks on this album take you back to when choruses of monks filled medieval cathederals; others to when musicians played for nobles in their castles and manors. This is the kind of music that can let you float away after a stressful day.
Wish we could have sung this version of "Kyrie Eleison" during all those long drab services in my younger days when I was an altar boy (the altar wine was lovely though and we always sneaked some after mass).  Great album and it's FREE!  Thanks Amazon.
If you ask me, this reprsents the very best of Naxos Early Music and the very best of Amazon MP3 samplers. Naxos is one of my favorite labels (although "label" is probably no longer the best terminology), for making available high quality music at decent prices. This download is a real treat, and I can't describe how wonderful it is to hear this early music when I'm riding on the subway. Good on Naxos, good on Amazon.
This album did exactly what the producers hoped it would do - it has sparked my interest in early music. The track Kyrie eleison (Christian-Arabic Tradition, Lebanon), by the Oni Wytars Ensemble, is incredible, and I can't wait to hear more of this type of music. A welcome addition to my very diverse collection.
I am not a classical music expert, and barely know this style of music at all or what it's called. but I love it.  As the title states Amazon was giving this way for free, and to be honest I did not expect much.  I was blown away with the quality of the recording.  Thanks for such a great freebie, it has led to other purchases and expanded my musical horizon quite a bit.
Listen to the music than inspired Mozart and Beethoven. This sampler is a great introduction to early music. And for readers younger than 30, I don't mean the 1950s-- ha ha ;) Seriously, this is a wonderful collection of songs from the Naxos label. It's been years since I've taken music appreciation, but I believe the era would be best classified as pre-baroque choral music, which was strongly influenced by Christian themes. The music is calming and relaxing and written in the 15-16th centuries. Not bad for stuff half a millenium old. Of course, one of the best things about this sampler is the price: FREE! If you like classical music, then this is a must have for your collection. C'mon, you can afford it!
I would guess this music is in the period of the Crusades. It is mind-expanding and tranquil. If I could define what music from heaven would sound like, this is a pinhead's worth of the iceberg. This is most definitely a treasure trove.
Naxos was formed in 1987 by Klaus Heymann, and is one of the two largest-selling classical music labels in the world. This interesting MP3 album is a collection of medieval and renaissance music (Lord Willobies Welcome Home dates back to the late 16th century). The selection is somewhat eclectic, with some tunes being orchestral, some choral, and some both.Overall, I found this to be an interesting album, with all of the tracks being well worth listening to. If you are a fan of renaissance and earlier music, then you will like this album, as indeed I do.
I got this as a free download on Amazon, and I immediately loved it. The quality is superb, the pieces on here are great, and almost all of them are soothing and restful (I actually use this album to help me fall asleep). The very best one on here may be Lord Willobie's Welcome Home. I could listen it over and over. Not only is the music lovely, but I love the instrument used in it, though I'm not sure what it's called. All of the choral pieces are just beautiful. I really like The Lamentation of David and Missa Entre vous filles: Kyrie.
This work is very soothing and calming.  I especially like the lamentation of david and the magdalene!  I love it!
I was very surprised and pleased by the sonic quality of this recording. Most of the time MP3s sound (to my ears, anyway) like highly amplified trainwrecks - but not this one- even on the big stereo. I love early music, and it is clear that Naxos took care to provide a wonderful variety of artists in this album.I hope that Amazon makes more music of this type available.
This is definitely an album worth listening to. It has a good combination of scared and secular music. The chants are very soothing, which is perfect for when I'm reading.
The best way I can think of to describe this music is a starker version of Mr. Bungle, with less of a focus on vocals.  Their follow up "Blackjazz" has gotten a lot of press, and while that album does an amazing job of widening the sound palette of Metal, this album has a way wider range of source material, but it's just as surprisingly integrated. Bungle and Naked City both thrived on juxtaposition of styles, that start stop effect.  None of that here.  This is no collage, this is a considered holistic approach to music writing, that just happens to see possibilities for Flute, Saxophone,Harpsichord,electronics and a few other surprises in addition to the standard guitars, bass and drums.  Most of the music falls into the heavy variety, but the textures and language range widely... and really, the best way to describe it is in my first sentence... as near as I can tell.  If you like heavy, creative music, this may be for you.
If you are tired of studio recordings of the 9th where every note is perfectly placed but the performance has little passion or spontanaiety, this version might be for you.  This is a live recording from Prague.  It was played right after the communists were kicked out of Czechslovakia.  There is plenty of passion and white hot intensity.  It is a real performance.  It is also available on DVD.
What I like about this recording is the quality of the recording by Telarc.  I often play this at dinner when I'm serving German or Austrian food because it doesn't disrupt the conversation.  Ok, yes its great background music and if you want something more spectacular Erich Kunzel & The Cincinnati Pops Orchestra has other recordings like Ein Straussfest or Ein Straussfest II that will pop you out of your chair at times.  So I love it because it delivers exactly what I want.  Good quality waltz music that doesn't interrupt.
This is a compilation of old war horses well done by Cincy Pop/Erich Kunzel. I've added these to my classical driving mix.
I'm a preschool teacher and this album is a riot!  It's not 'dirty', but contains short, irreverent songs for adults with guillotine humor.  I would never play these for my class (as the cover-disclaimer states), but it's perfect for a lighthearted staff meeting!  The singer has a great voice, the cover is cute, and I can't stop listening!  My fave is &#34;Psych. Ward Applause&#34; (singer's take on &#34;If You're Happy and You Know It&#34;) because often when dealing with toddlers, you feel like you're in a psych ward!
Deep listening and beautifully composed.  Truly musical and penetrating without feeling synthesized.  Deeply affects one's state of mind as all true music does.  Bravo!  As a musician myself I am  interested in hearing music that is rich, resonant and draws one into the environment of sound that is created.  While other music such as solfeggio  penetrates deeply with the sound itself this music is composed in such a way to give a rich  voice to the landscape and to the experience of listening.
I never get tired of this - it brings back memories that I can't quite get in touch with - feelings of home somewhere
I participated in one of the artists Free Full Moon meditations over the phone and at the end she opened the line for discussions. I was facing a particularly challenging diagnosis of skin cancer and the next day would be undergoing a MOHS Procedure to remove the lesion. Norma shared that this album was particularly good for clearing anesthesia and &#34;hospital energies&#34; from your system. I downloaded the MP3 of the Album and just loved the music. It was so uplifting. I listened to it several times the day before my procedure, during (the nurses and doctor were very intrigued when I shared what I was listening to--they actually asked) and I've continued. Now I am including it, along with &#34;Open Heart Meditation&#34;, as part of my nightly bedtime ritual. It literally relaxes me and I've long suffered from insomnia. As the days go by, I'm finding it easier to drift into such a deep state of relaxation that the challenges of old are disappearing. I've even been able to cut back on the amount of Valerian root I've been taking to help me sleep.What an absolutely marvelous album that helps with so many areas, but primarily healing and relaxation!
Umberto Eco's "In the name of the rose" is a wonderful account of how an institutionalized system is trying to cover up the fact that there be a major philosophical treatise on "Laughter". This disc is a celebration of this theme, in a good way: Olivier Messiaen's masterpiece "Messe de la Pentecote" uses birdsong, to describe the descent of the Holy Spirit onto man. The irreverent Rosalinde Haas accompanies her organ playing by imitating birds and showing off her whistling skills. She tells the story that in the 1950s when studying in Rome, the composer Johann Nepomuk David visited, keen to find an Italian nightingale. His intention was to listen to its song, capture the theme, and integrate it into one of his symphonies. The story goes that a party of musicians around Johann Nepomuk David, including Rosalinde Haas, went out one night into the suburbs of Rome, hoping to find a singing nightingale. After 30 minutes of unsuccessful chasing the bird, Rosalinde Haas apparently hid behind the bushes and started imitating the nightingale so convincingly that the rest of the party was fooled and started taking notes of the theme, which can be found in one of David's compositions. Judge for yourself and listen to the rather unconventional rendering of Messiaen.Dupre's Esquisses are true showpieces of Rosalinde Haas' virtuoso technique, and so is the opening Durufle Toccata.The intention is to share rare moments of live performances, none of them perfect, but all surprising in their own way.
I really love listening to his music. Just comfortable, not overbearing, but also a variety. More, More, and more! Thanx
The two go hand-in-hand.  The last few years of browsing and buying great and lesser-known modern (and post-modern) composers played by orchestras from Sweden, Iceland, Finland, etc. have been fruitful and blessed.  Amen to everything J. Scott Morrison said in his review.These are wonderful works.  The Fantasia (for cello and orchestra) is more tonally-based than the other works, and certainly lovely (especially the opening harmonies), but the two flute concertos, while more modern, never forget what the essential nature of the flute is.  The soloist (Anders Jonh&auml;ll) never has to leave the beautiful garden that Weinberg wrote.  Neither is the all-string accompaniment to Urban Claesson's clarinet any sort of disappointment.The orchestra is well-balanced with the soloists on all four works here, and highly sensitive and able players at that.  Weinberg shouldn't be so obscure.  Take a listen.
One of my friends sarcastically labelled early music as "pre-music". I have to admit that I have heard some early music performances which were a bit dull and boring. But in the hands of Guy Penson and his cohorts the music from the 16th century Susanne van Soldt Virginal Book is anything but boring. This is a lively CD for the most part. It demands that you listen and enjoy the performances.
Maarten Koningsberger is a wonderful baritone. His voice is like warm honey. However, be warned that this album is more of a joint venture than his other CD's. The Brisk recorder quartet plays several tracks without voice, and certainly the extreme quality of their playing is showcased on every track. If you are looking for an album of unchallenging songs then this is not for you. If you enjoy flawless recorder music, and beautiful singing then you are on the right track.
Suffering and insight are irreparably linked to artistic achievement. Given the age of this recording, many of the musicians would have grown up under the Reich Protectorate, ruled by a gentle petal named Reinhard Heydrich. It is no wonder they have something to say in the Brahms Fourth - a gospel of nihilism - and . . . and . . . and  sometimes it pays to check the details of a recording before rabbiting on per se.I downloaded this performance of the Fourth thinking it featured the Czech Philharmonic, conducted by someone of the stature of Ancerl. How wrong I was. Philharmoica Polonica and Karl Prisner - come on down!I do not know who these buggers are. The conductor equally escapes me. Nowadays, we all have a virtual presence on the internet - but not these guys: they have escaped the Matrix. Their footprint on the internet is shadowy at best; their country of origin for instance is a mystery. They could be the Berlin Philharmonic moonlighting on the sly or alternatively one of those Readers' Digest outfits. Who is to say?This much I can assure you: this is a gun performance of the Brahms Fourth. It is subtlety paced. It is volcanic in its utterances when it needs to be - the eight great chords in the finale are hammered out as if by Vulcan himself. The slow movement is a remembrance of things past: here, it is emblazoned with immense longing. Indeed, from start to finish the 'Philharmonica Polonica' bets the house. Just listen to the MP3 samples on Amazon: this is to fight above one's weight-division. Recording-wise, the treble could have more sparkle but otherwise it is excellent.  The microphones are perfectly placed.Recently Bekka, a reviewer here on the 'Zon, posed an acute question to Santa Fe Listener: why have there been no great performances of Brahms since Karajan's death? As I do not rate either Abbado's nor Rattle's cycles with the Berlin Philharmonic (let alone lesser lights such as Chailly - somnambulists awake!), this question resonated with me. Upon hearing this no-name performance from 2000, the question is refuted in its entirety. Great Brahms can exist in a post-modernist, diet-coke sound-byte age - praise the lord and whack Ronald McDonald!
This album is an unexpected treasure that you could easly miss. Itcontains two of great performances Readers Digest recorded in London in the 60s - the complete New World Symphony with the Royal Philharmonic and Jascha Horenstein conducting, and the In Nature overture with Charles Gerhardt conducting an orchestra of London players specially brought together for Readers Digest.The Horenstein is a classic, one of the great performances of a much-recorded work, and the London players, with James Galway as lead flute and equally distinguished colleagues at the other wind desks, give a really beautiful perfomance.  These two performances are both available on other albums, but here they are at a wonderfully low price and together.  I hadn't previously heard the recording conducted by Gerhardt of the first slavonic dance but it also is excellent - Gerhardt was generally a record producer rather than a conductor, and some other performances with him are just routine, but going by these two he had a real special sympathy  for Dvorak, allowing the music to takes its course naturally and with wonderful players in front of him.The other tracks on the album are extracts or popular items, some in rather odd teashop arrangements - the 'Song to the Moon' has no singer, but the track called 'Goin' Home' is the tune of the largo of the 'New World' sung in a choral arrangement - not clear who made the arrangement or who wrote the words.  These performances are also all good as such, and in any case the inclusion of the classic recordings in complete performances makes this a wonderful album and a great bargain.
Excellently clear recording; delicate, and skillful treatment; Madame Girod is a wonderful interpreter of these under-performed works by the great Mendelssohn.This is a crucial addition to any great music collection.
I love the rhythms and movements of &#34;Unstoppable&#34;. I can't get enough of it. I could listen to it a hundred times a day!
In a word...EPIC.  If you are feeling lazy or having a downer kind of day, this is the song to listen to.  It'll pick your butt right up!
It was so fascinating to play while doing work on the computer and wanting to work the mind.I think it is one ofthe best purchases made
It is very good for background noise and I very much enjoy listening to it.  I recommend it for anyone, even those not typically interested in classical music.
I love this collection, It's the perfect music to zone out to when I'm designing. Creates so much inspiration and keeps the flow going.
I listen to this while I study, and it's great. I like to listen to music because it keeps me focused, but lyrics distract me. This album is full of classical music for a very reasonable price. I think this is an album every student should own.
How can you lose?  I don't know if it increases my brain power, but it definitely is fabulous to listen to.  Helps to calm a busy day - beautiful and relaxing.
I am able to get in a zone, while studying, when I have this on in the back ground.  At first I found it distracting, but it is true what they say about Mozart and brain power.  I won't question why it works, I am just glad that it does.  :)
Good music, another example of a composer lost in the sidelines.  Should be a regular in concerts in Europe and the US.
Gustav Mahler's 7th symphony has baffled listeners and musical scholars since its premiere in Prague in September 1908.  Each movement is cut from a different cloth, yet each part of it couldn't go with anything else save for what comes after and before each one.  The middle three movements are magnificent in there evocative atmosphere - I can't help but see a different night for each one.  The second movement - a twilight walk through the hills!  The scherzo - what better conjuring up of things that go bump in the night since Berlioz?  The andante amoroso - a serenade to a lover, complete with guitar.  It's the first and last movements that are more difficult to grasp.  Do the inner movements have something important to tell us?  What do they mean?  Where do they all go?  Well, Maestro Gergiev and his gifted London Symphony Orchestra are happy to show us the way.  The first movement clocks in just under 21 minutes - about 30 seconds faster than Bernstein on DG or Abbado on his second outing with Berlin, also on DG.  Everything is clear eyed without being cold - the movement is carved out of marble, perfectly shaped with out being over-refined.  Also, Gergiev possesses a very fine tenor horn player - a voice calling down out of the mountains indeed.  After we are transported into night, the second movement starts off with the utmost air of mystery - mists are gathered but are then blown away by a sudden breeze.  The odd little march that starts when everyone has had their say in the introduction has a very non-German lilt to it - Gergiev is indeed creating his own way with the work.  No plodding army here at all.  It's not all dewy Alpine pastures and cowbells though - there's a hint of sadness to it, this Nachtmusik, almost as though we are in the midst of a private though, but everything ends very mysteriously, just as it had begun.  The third movement is, to me anyway, the hardest of the entire symphony to bring off.  One can't overdo the nightmarish quality yet it can't be Hollywood-esque.  It requires skill on the part of the orchestra as well because they have to respond to sudden shifts in meter in this movement.  Gergiev finds a perfect balance between spooky and serious, and the orchestra follows him without hesitation.  Next, nestled between this ghost of a composition and the rambunctious finale is this beautiful serenade.  Gergiev perfectly evokes a lover down on one knee singing to his lady in the balcony.  He doesn't spend the whole night warbling though - the movement clocks in under 12 minutes.  Perfect timing in my opinion.  I feel that Mahler was running out of tricks by the end of this movement.  Not much more to say on this as it's perfectly matched with the surrounding movements.  Lastly, we are propelled headlong into the finale.  Gergiev sets a fast pace and never lets up.  For a long time, conductors haven't been able to make heads or tails of this movement.  Here, our Russian maestro opts for the movement as out and out virtuosity.  For me anyway, it works.  He shows off the skill of his orchestra, with brass blazing and woodwinds and strings soaring.  This is music for a top-drawer band, and the LSO delivers in spades.  All in all, probably the most convincing reading of the movement to be committed to disc in the last 20 years.  How does the LSO's house label capture the work though?  Good, but it's clear that we're not sitting in the Concertgebouw or the Berlin Philharmonie.  The Barbican has incredibly dry acoustics, but the engineers do what they can.  However, this is but a small quip when everything else is so incredible.  All in all, this reading of the work shoots to the top three of my short list of favorite recordings of the work.  Five stars a thousand times over.Bravi tutti!
I all ways wanted this soundtrack.im quite the WW II aircraft fan This aircraft is one of my all time favorites the soundtrack is exicelint in every way I also got the 12in record all the way from England!
Even though it is listed at Amazon only as an MP3 download, this indispensable live recording from 1952 can be had elsewhere on CD.  Ansermet conducted the 1918 premiere of L'histoire du soldat and had a lifelong relationship with the composer.  We get to hear Jean Villard Gilles, who originated the role of the Devil, here performing as the narrator -- and a very sly, insinuating way he has with the words, too. The broadcast sound from the archives of the Suisse Romande radio is clear and undistorted mono, but overly bright and thin. The wind soloists from Ansermet's Suisse Romande orchestra are very French-sounding, full of quirky timbres. The all-important violin soloist is excellent and heard close up; he makes his instrument sound like a soldier's fiddle.There are better played accounts of L'histoire -- the two from Stokowski (Vanguard) and Markevitch (Philips) top the list -- but none even approaches this live account, complete with stage noises, for pungency and etched artifice. You feel how peculiarly French Ramuz's fairy tale is, a perfect match for Stravinsky's cool, detached music. Wit doesn't come any drier. As an added peculiarity, we get five minutes of a 1940 radio broadcast, the only scrap that remains of Ramuz himself doing the narration. He intones the words like a stoned priest reciting in church -- maybe it's good that no one in the future followed suit. In any event, the whole affair is fascinating, a great addition to the recorded legacy of Stravinsky's chamber masterpiece.
Cosi Fan Tutti and The Magic Flute are two of my favorite Mozart operas. This delightful collection shifts the best selections so you don't need to skip over less memorable portions of either opera. This session makes great "work" music in the background (assuming you don't understand Italian or German) --- lovely arias to transport you to a creative space for an hour or two.
I recommend you purchase the  Brahms piano concertos no 1 and no 2 with Gutierrez and Previn as separate CD's. Unfortunately, this compilation marketing ploy has little information. I have heard many recordings, but Gutierrez's recordings are the best I have ever heard. Gutierrez is technically brilliant, emotionally intense and he gives sensitive, complex, and nuanced performances in both Brahms piano concertos no 1 and no 2. Gutierrez's recordings are SUPERB and I highly recommend to all music lovers. I have attached the links to the separate recordings.Brahms: Piano Concerto No. 1Brahms: Piano Concerto No. 2 / Variations on a Theme by Haydn for Orchestra Op. 56a
I heard a couple of songs from this album while listening to a jazz station and just had to have the whole album.  Every song is jewel or laid back, happy bluesy jazz.
I downloaded only Mozart K. 551 Jupiter, so here is the comment:There is a salient punctuation as a unique remark to Mr. Schwarz interpretation of Jupiter symphony. I deem this very catchy and refreshing comparing to common standards of recent decades. It is sincere and quite personal since Mr. Schwarz is a trumpet player consequently a rhythm section musician. A very unique, his Mozart is rich and flamboyant launching even the smallest groups and motifs to the surface. It is very, very original and extremely avant-garde. Highly recomend!!!!
I heard one of the tracks on this CD played on a radio station and had to come out and buy the CD.
What little I heard was great stuff.  Unfortunately I had to get a refund.  The MP 3 recording was not any good.  I would like to have this recording and may buy the CD.
Most recordings of the Bachiana Brasileiras 1 and 5 come with nothing else. The inclusion on this disk of compositions by Bach allow the listener to appreciate Villa-Lobos' comment that he was writing Bach in the Brazilian style. Enjoy!
The headline says it. If you like piano music and Stravinsky, you must get this recording. Ignore the hokey cover.
Trevisani gives a very good presentation of Six Great Flute Concertos.  Enjoyed the representative selections from six different composers.  Previewed five different albums before choosing this one.
Please trust me and buy this CD - Alessandra Marc, as another reviewer noted, blows the roof off this concert hall and gives us some of the most beautiful singing ever (I personally think she IS the most beautiful artist around, but to each his own). No matter what kind of voice you prefer, you are sure to find this album packed with emotion and glistening high notes and perfect artistry.  Dude and/or dudette - buy this, listen carefully and attentively, and then you can thank me later. ;)
Blues has always been a part of jazz; Duke knew it, Basie knew it, all the great singers knew it, and this proves it.  Nothing but classics here, in the unbeatable Joe Williams style.  Only the best.  He's the original Joe Cool, and he's got a good groove going here.  No, your frat buddy *didn't* give you this -- a grownup with style and real taste did.  Give a listen and stretch your ears.  Your girlfriend will thank you!
The top rated reviewer said it best but this album only has a few reviews so I thought I'd jump in here and say this is SERIOUSLY good blues!
I have often heard Les Saisons by Tchaikovsky in the original piano format but this disc swept me away with its orchestral versions. March, April, June, October and December are especially delightful interpretations. I would highly recommend this disc as a fresh orchestral reintroduction to the well-known and loved tunes from Tchaikovsky.
I first heard "Isildur's Bane" and flipped. "Magnificent Giant Battles" are you kidding me? Where has this been all my life? Then Mind Volume 4. Unbelievable. This present album brings me to a place where we were all looking in the late "80s. A way to bring things together, to tie it all up, without being reactionary. This guy has a voice, the most precious thing in music. I am so happy to have found this!
My wife and I love opera, we love the human voice in opera and what it can do to portray the drama (or comedy) in the story.  The four principals do exactly that in this rarely performed piece and Dimitra Theodossiou does it in spades.  One does not even need to see the performance to appreciate the emotions on stage.  Is the overall performance a five-star one from a technical point of view? We could argue about details of ensemble and coordination here and there or instrumental precision by so and so.  But the overall delivery, the quality of the bel canto and the emotional impact of the performance are profoundly riveting. Five stars indeed.  Two hours of non stop arias, duets, trios and ensembles of sublime delicacy or high wattage, make this opera our favorite among Donizetti's three queens and one of his best. And this recording should be in every opera lover's iDevice.
This is a wonderful live recording that I now can enjoy where ever I am.  Truly another wonderful opera by Donizetti that has been over look in the major opera houses today.
Some of the best music I have heard. Follows the book very carefully and puts music to all the songs the good shepherd sings, and much afraid sing.
Both my parents were classical musicians, so growing up I listened to a wide variety of classical music every night at the dinner table. I LOVED this recording, which has quite an array of styles on it. Marches, jazz, latin, mellow stuff, it's all on here, all with the exquisite arrangements and amazing talent of the Philip Jones Brass Ensemble. The original release date for this LP was 1978, but like all good classics, it's fantastic songs are immune to the test of time. Check out the sample for "Borage", that's my favorite track on this album because of the cool syncopation. This album is full of gems; if you like brass ensembles do yourself a favor, listen to the samples, and then buy Easy Winners, it's fantastic!Another excellent PJB album that is similar but doesn't have quite the array of styles is "In Switzerland". There's probably countless more, but these were the only two recordings I was familiar with. If you have other Philip Jones favorite recordings, let me know with a reply! I know their catalog is huge so there's probably hours of great music that I've never had the pleasure of hearing...
Superb musicianship as always, and a nicely varied program. The arrangement of the Medeival "Agincourt Song" is worth the price of the CD, alone. Very fine
Got this for my mom since she got &#34;Baby Einstein&#34; for my daughters. She laughed. She said she kind of wished she'd kept one of the Baby Einstein discs for herself since she loves classical music. The &#34;Classical Music for Grandparents&#34; just seemed too perfect to pass up.
For those who appreciate quality classical music but tend to rock - or swing or twang - more often, here is a delightful sampler of well-done classical selections. Some are more familiar than others but all deliver a slice of class - well, classical - to the MP3 player. Bravo!
Thank you, Amazon, for such a delightful collection of classical music. Whether you're a casual listener or a highly trained musician, the compositions in this album will please you. You can pay close attention to each piece, or just let the music play in the background. Most of the numbers are in a major key, uptempo and upbeat; there's a nice balance, though, with some slow tempo pieces in minor keys (or the comfortable tonal ambiguity of Palestrina and Satie). I especially like the Haydn string quartets. The Palestrina Kyrie is very nice, too. The Vivaldi and Corelli concerto movements are workmanlike (remember, this is all subjective). The Satie gem is an old chestnut that fits nicely into the program order of this compilation. The Hungarian Dance recording is less satsifying to me. The Grand March from Aida is defective, at least on my download; there are dropouts and pops. Perhaps the folks at Amazon will fix this.
Once again Amazon has done a tremendous service in releasing these free classic tunes.  The sound is fantastic and the price is definetly right.  Thanks Amazon!
Superb sound engineering.Magnificent organ & acoustics.Excellent organist.Wonderful choir, with clear diction.I give this my highest recommendation.
I consider Billy Childs one of the greatest living jazz composers. So much music is contrived, rather than composed these days.Billy is an amazing jazz craftsman.
I have been a fan of Billy's since his days on Windham Hill. My only "problem" with Billy is waiting so long between releases, oh the pain of "waiting..." But, his releases have been worth the wait.Well, this one tops off the entire collection of creations Billy has created.If you simply wish to immerse yourself in the beauty of this sonic pool of beauty, purchase this CD.It is REAL in that there is NO commercial "smooth jazz" BS which has nearly destroyed the category of Jazz with the likes of the Kenny Gs of the world. The compositions and performances are filled with heart, technical skill and "sheer beauty."If you're a fan of Vince Mendoza, this would satisfy your love for the sublime.
I first heard of Billy Childs only recently.  I was driving and listening to piano jazz on NPR.  I nearly wrecked and had to pull over when I heard his arrangement of Scarborough Fair. It was as if I were listening to a combination of many different musicians speaking through one person, but totally original in it's presentation!  Since that moment I've listened to his album Lyric hundreds of times.  The best description I could give is that it is music without category, without boundaries, but never goes beyond beautiful, even at it's darkest moments. Billy Childs swims in a sea of classical, jazz, progressive rock, folk, completely blended together in a way that you could never place just what type of music you are really listening to.I can only tell you what Billy Childs music might be similar to. Much of Lyric reminds me of Chick Corea when he (in my opinion) was at his peak back in the 70's with Leprechaun, Mad Hatter, etc. If you like people like Chick Corea, Oregon, or Oregon's Paul McCandless and Ralph Towner, you will love Billy Childs.  If you like Mike Oldfield, or Huw Warren's piano arrangements for folk diva June Tabor, you will like Billy Childs.  If you like Keith Emerson of ELP you will like Billy Childs.  If you love Chris Botti, or the cool jazz side of Sting, you will like Billy Childs. If you love music of Ravel, Debussy, Durufle, or Alain, Mathias, again, you will love Childs. I would even dare to say that Billy Childs is really the very first person that has truly succeeded in unifying all of these styles of music.There is a track called on this CD called "Quiescence" I am particularly found of because the main theme, and I don't know if this is intentional or not, sounds very similar to the old theme from the Outer Limits TV show from the 60's.  It also sounds like Jerry Goldsmith's main theme for the movie "The Illustrated Man" starring Rod Steiger.I am also in love with the way this recording is engineered.  When listening through headphones I feel that I am listening to the music from the drummer's point of view, in a room with the other instrumentalists set up around me.I could not recommend this album enough! To people who are musicians, to anyone who loves the very highest quality writing there is, and to people who just appreciate true beauty and sensitivity in music!
The Adagio, "Musica Celestis", is worth  the price of the whole CD.  Brilliantly rendered by one of our finest quartets, this is one of the most moving pieces I have heard since the famous Barber "Adagio".
Considering that Timofei Dokshitser was one of the world best Russian trumpeters and to hear his interpretations of these melodies is a delight to one's ears. If you think this is just another solo work of tunes - you need to hear them to appreciate them. Japanese music can be so soothing to the ear, mind & heart.
Some of the interpretations take me back to the old John Barrows recording on which I grew up.Mr. Jolley makes all of the aspects of this music live and breathe.
I am no expert on Vaughan Williams or other performances of his works, but I bought this after hearing Fantasia on a Theme on the radio and am delighted with this album.  The sound quality is very good and the performance of these pieces communicates the emotion and ideas behind the music.
I am enchanted and deeply moved by every track of The Harp of Ireland cd: The clarity and resonance of this very special instrument, a replica of Ireland's wire-strung medieval harp; the beauty of Siobh&aacute;n Armstrong's interpretations and her extraordinary skill; the very high quality of the recording and also the amazing selection of pieces that range from intricate compositions to Irish songs in the Sean-n&oacute;s style, which are sung with great beauty.This is an extraordinary cd, so inspiring musically and emotionally. It is the finest Irish music I have ever heard.Marilyn GoodrichCambridge, MA
I'm not a wordy person so this will be short. Three of the 4 tracks on here are near perfect examples of what drone music should sound like. The tracks stealthly transform themselves from one pattern to the next all the while keeping a constant tone around for continuity. I found them beautiful, entrancing, and addictive. If you are even curious you should buy this. For God's sake it's 89 cents for twenty minute tracks! The CD goes for 17 pounds in Britian.
For some reason, the page for the MP3 album of the recording of the Four Seasons by the Salzburg Chamber Orchestra links you to these reviews which are for the Boston Symphony recording.  Get the Boston recording, it is sublime.
This is an exceptional interpretation. Bach played with the greatest joy, impeccable phrasing and tonalities, but the technique is secondary to what transpires.
The Brass Quintet is the most versatile small ensemble of the Band of the United States Air Force Reserve. With a repertoire spanning five centuries, they are equally at home performing everything from Renaissance and Baroque music all the way to jazz, popular music, marches and patriotic selections. This album gives you a good idea of the full breadth of their ability.  If you like this album also try this one:  Fireworks For Brass And Organ
I really cannot recommend this wonderful album enough. The music promotes contemplation, introspection while it rejuvenates. Kondonassis is at center stage to be certain, but this download features an ensemble cast and in a sense the flute, viola, as well as the Oberlin string section are each featured prominently on various tracts. One of the delights of this album is the direct comparison it offers between the music of Debussy and Takemitsu, as well as an introduction to some of the more intimate compositions of each. This is music that can be savored and enjoyed for years to come, and the performances are absolute perfection.
I found out about this from the flutist Joshua  Smith after hearing him play in concert.I asked if he was familiar with Debussy's solo flute piece Syrinx. He then told me that he had recorded the work and that Amazon carried it. I ordered a copy and I am glad to now have it on CD. I have a Ransom Wilson version on vinyl. This version is performed just as well.The Debussy works are also excellent. The compositions by Takemitsu are also very good. I recommend this to Debussy lovers and those who like the sound of the flute.
I chose this recording because of the other reviews by people much more knowledgeable than me.  After listening to it several times, I really agree.  Singers are top-notch.  Very happy with it.
This album has some fantastic tracks! I'm really surprised I hadn't heard of this band until recently, as they are practically local to me (MN). The music reminds me of a mix between Johnny Flynn and Andrew Bird. Highly recommended if you enjoy those two musicians.
a stunning performance indeed!! Bravo bravissimo cantabile! esprezzione cantabilissemento  ! wonderful sentiments are being shared! have you experienced such musica lately????
This is the first recording of his works. His entire &#34;Canterbury Tales&#34; is delightful with all movements very playable by a very good middle school band or very good small high school band. The rest of the disc contains his more challenging works including the wonderful &#34;Ballet Sacra&#34;. But my favorite title is &#34;To Tame the Perilous Skies&#34;. That one always gives me chills.
Aladdin is one of my favorites and this is a very good production of it. Rich sound, good performance. Have a Danish while listening!
Chanticleer has a unique and gorgeous sound, and the pieces on this recording are exquisite.  I especially like Ave Maria of Franz Biebl.
Ever since I was introduced to Chanticleer on a PBS Christmas special a few years ago, I have been entranced with this a cappella group of male voices.  I don't usually enjoy male choirs, but this is the exception that tests the rule with gratifying results.  Biebl's "Ave Maria" is particularly divine, and having been part of a madrigal choir that performed this gorgeous piece (and won awards for it), I can't tell you how wonderful it is to find another version that makes my heart soar as it did while singing it.  While that may be a stand-out for me, there is not a bad piece on this album, and it is now a Christmas favorite that gets regular play during the holiday season.  Highly recommended.
This is a long time favorite, which made a good gift idea for another music lover.  Chanticleer features Great ensemble, and interesting arrangements.
This album by renowned group Chanticleer is one of the most dignified Christmas albums I have heard, but also very festive and joyful.
I bought this album mainly for the single track 'Ave Maria' by Franz Biebl - well worth the price just for that track alone.  But I was amazed to find that the rest of the album is just as good, with some well-known Christmas songs, but mostly with lesser-known ones which should be heard more often.  Some of the tracks sound like there are women singing, but per Wikipedia Chanticleer is an all-male group, so the high voices are CounterTenors, something once common in the Middle Ages but done rarely these days.  Most of the tracks are in Latin, with some Spanish, at least one French, and one or two in English.  This is I believe a compilation from several of their concerts or albums, and it is well worth listening to all year - not just at Christmas.
This album is a must own. Hope to find more music from this talented duo.
The transcriptions are brilliant and the performer simply... immortal.  I discovered this by pure chance then by the recommendation of a friend who is THE expert.
Buy it if you like classic analog synthesis at all...forgotten masterworks here, in excellent digital transfer. a true master of analog modular synthesis and early analog studio work......
This is a fantastic Christmas album.  The arrangements beg for the lights to be turned low, candles and fires lit, and pumpkin pie passed around to all.
Well this was certainly unexpected, but out of nowhere this new band ANGELDARK hailing from Spain crank out this awesome gothic/symphonic metal album!Well, you say, there are tons of gothic/symphonic metal bands out there, so what puts this one a cut above the rest?For one, there is a generous but not gratuitous use of keyboards and electronic sounds that give the songs a different sound than most gothic/symphonic metal.You would think that a band like this would have a leading female vocalist, but no, the lead vocalist is male and has a very commanding voice--and pronounces his English very well. There are some female opera-like vocals in this album, but where they come from I don't know as the only official female in the band is the keyboardist.The song is apparently trying to tell a story, as different characters sing different sections of narrative/dialogue. I never really understood the plot (if there is one), but then again, Metal is a genre where lyrics come second and overall sound comes first. For those that are interested, the album comes with a nice booklet with all the lyrics printed inside.Some listening tips:The awesome duo of "Saint Germain Part I and II" (very complex songs)."Follow the Chain" has a misleading quiet beginning before shifting into crunchy and fast guitars."Rain" starts with a speedy piano and guitar intro. Good chorus that's growled by one and echoed operatically by another."Wolf" is very good, although more traditional than most of the other songs."In My Dreams" is perhaps my favorite. Great opening that reminds me of older WITHIN TEMPTATION."The Mastery of Pain" has a good piano part about a minute in."Venom X" is one of the heavier tracks sporting a good chorus.As for the other tracks, even those aren't that bad, but not as great (in my opinion) as the ones listed above. This is one of the few CD's I could honestly listen to from end to end.If you're looking for a nice blend of guitars, growling (male), clean vocals (male and female), operatic oooh and aaaahing (female), piano/keyboards and electronic sounds with catchy riffs and choruses, then this album definitely needs to be added to your shopping cart!
If you are a fan of Solo piano. Try this CD out. Heck, I'd recommend grabbing all 4. They really are THAT good.
This music is absolutely beautiful.  I have it on my desktop so I can listen to it all the time.  I am definitely going to buy all of the other cds as soon as I can.
This was the first time I specifically went looking for a sound track to a video game (albeit a flash game). Very relaxing and interesting piano. Nice work, Isaac!
The song Leting Go is corrupt, it is 700k and even the sample on the web site doesn't play. Apparently Amazon has no quality control.ALBUM IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. Try to download it at iTunes or somewhere else that actually gives you a good copy of the album though.
Great cd, used it for homebirth. I recommend this cd and others by Isaac Shepard. Nothing negative to say about it! :)
Let's be honest: you're only here because you liked the soundtrack on Music Catch. Yeah, me too.Track 2, "Letting Go", works just fine for me. Whatever problems the previous reviewer had are apparently fixed now.Simply wonderful, melodic and relaxing piano music.
Every song on this CD is beautiful and very relaxing.  This is great for the car, work with headphones, yoga stretching or meditation, home, etc....it's just simply perfect! Some of the others have an occasional song that's more like your at a piano recital then just pure relaxing.  This particular cd is consistent all the way through with relaxing beautiful talented music.
The CD arrived in the mail quickly. Used it for my wedding reception's dinner music, sounded great. If you haven't checked out Shepard's other cd's, do so!
I LOVE Isaac Shepard!!!! I saw this by the front door and was jumping inside! It was sealed in it's wrapping and new!! Listened to it right away and still am!! ^_^
The quality of recording is excellent and the musicians are incredible, superb!This is definitely well worth getting. The quality of performance and sound make itthat much more enjoyable to listen to.
If you like Vivaldi, and enjoy music with a bit of gusto, you will appreciate this collection. Iag Bari is a particular favorite. If you plan to sit still in your chair while listening, GOOD LUCK!
Louis Spohr is another of those under-rated composers whose work was overshadowed by the compositional giants of his time Haydn, Mozart, and Beethoven. But to say that his work is second-tier is not to say that his work is unworthy of our knowing. His compositional style shows the influence of Romantic era ideas into Classical era forms. This CD demonstrates how Spohr allowed new ideas to modify his concerto forms. There is no better example of this than Concerto #8 which is written in the form of a vocal cantata of recitative, aria, and finale with the violin taking the part of the singer. You will also hear other departures from classical models in these concerti, such as the memorable country dance that opens the Rondo of Concerto #11. And once you hear the main theme of the 3rd movement of the 6th concerto you will not soon forget its beauty.This CD should appeal to anyone interested in: violin concerti; transitional compositions from Classical era ideas to Romantic era ideas; anyone who likes the music of other transitional composers such as Carl Maria Von Weber and E.T.A. Hoffmann.Simone Lamsma's performance of this concerti is perfect and makes a strong argument for their regular appearance in concerts. I hope that Simone records Spohr's complete concerti. May all violinists learn Spohr's concerti! May Simone Lamsma's performances be your inspiration!
Holst has extremely rich orchestrations and vocal combinations. I love listening to him and Williams, the other great English composer.
I am a HUGE fan of Chopin music. The best complete set in my opinion is the Garrick Ohlsson Chopin Complete Works 16 cd set.  Vladimir Ashkenazy Chopin The Piano Works is also nice.  Some other favorites for certain works are (Ivan Moravec - Nocturnes and Ballades)(Maurizio Pollini - Preludes)(Boris Berezovsky - Etudes)(Arthur Rubinstein - Waltzes)(Jean-Marc Luisada - Mazurkas)(Samson Francois - Polonaises)(Krystian Zimmerman - Concertos). This is a list of some of the best Chopin in my opinion.  Now to review this album which is a chamber version of concertos.  It is an EXCELLENT album.  I don't know how this album has no reviews yet.  I think it has slipped through the cracks and no one has taken notice, but it is a REALLY nice interpretation of Chopin Concertos and the Chamber version brings an intimate feeling to the works.  Every Chopin fan should check out this missed jewel!
There are 3 types of piano concertos. Orchestra with piano, orchestra and piano and piano with orchestra.Chopin's two concertos are definitely of the last variety.  Although these are wonderful works their orchestral part can not be said to have its own brilliance. Unlike the Mozart concertos in which the piano and orchestra are very much in balance. The orchestra in the Chopin concertos is more of an accompaniment; all the genius is in the piano parts.So this recording, with a very small instrumental background, emphasizes the piano. And that really is what we are enthralled by. The instrumentation very seldom predominates, it only makes its presence known in the non-piano portions. The rest of the time its a whisper in the background.  But I like it because of the piano domination. It allows one to enjoy Chopin's piano brilliance without distraction. As I say it's unusual but well worth a place in your Chopin collection. Marek Drewnowski's performance had to be good to play these pieces in such an overt manner, and it was. He does a splendid job. He's undoubtably among the greatest of Chopin interpreters.
This is a fine album.  I've heard Organized Rhythm a number of times in person, and each time the whole audience was entirely captivated.  Look forward to a video from the two!
The MP3 files came to my computer all mixed up and mislabeled (hear the samples and you will see what I mean), but I went into Itunes and relabeled the files fixed without complaint... This incredible, volcanic, live performance must be heard to be believed, ESPECIALLY if you have been thrown off by Postnikova's underwhelming concerto recordings.  I have been a fan for many years; her solo recordings are often superbly exciting.  Why then do her concerto recordings tend to be sodden and inhibited?  Such a shame!  This album represents blowout concert artistry at its best.  Move over, Bolet and Argerich!  For more thrills, seek out her now-obscure debut recording of Schumann Kreisleriana (hailed at the time as the finest version available) with assorted etudes, as well as her fabulous complete Mendelssohn Songs Without Words.  Maybe you don't want everything Tchaikovsky wrote for piano, but her set is certainly affordable and the best that will ever be done.  She played in the United States in the late 70's - her crazy Rachmaninoff 4th concerto rocked like Josef Hofmann.  Her studio solo records are certainly exciting and filled with pleasure, but I am at last grateful to get an honest-to-goodness live recording of Postnikova making a Chopin and Rachmaninoff omelet and breaking a whole lot of eggs.
I wanted this album for "The Firebird Suite" and was incredibly pleased with the entire CD. The performance of "The Firebird Suite" itself was enough to justify the acquisition. Listening to the track "Dance of the Firebird" will conjure up an image of this capricious mythical creature. The Firebird of Slavic myth is both a blessing and a curse to its captor. This suite captures that in the balance between light airy movements and darker, more ominous ones, both of which the Air Force Band portrays in a powerful performance.
... ... can sometimes abruptly disrupt one's certainties, compel the listener to reevaluate the canon. This performance of twenty-two chansons by Thomas Crecquillon (c. 1515 - c. 1557) has had that impact on me. I've been familiar with Crecquillon's chansons primarily at second hand, as the bases for "passagi" (virtuosic quasi-improvisatory decorations) for cornetto and other instruments), for decades. In fact, Crecquillon's chansons were widely popularized in the 16th C by the publishers Pierre Phalese and Tielman Susato, who printed more of his music than of any other composer. Hence I've regarded Crecquillon as a "lightweight" -- a clever and prolific exponent of the Parisian taste for jolly lovesickness in lyrics. He also composed at least twelve masses and 100 motets, and held a prominent position in the musical chapel of Charles V as well as similar positions in the Habsburg courts of Burgundy. But the small selection of recordings of his 'serious' music, mostly by semi-professional choirs, hadn't done much to convince me of his genius.The Egidius Kwartet has upset my opinion with this single CD. Perhaps they have a special affinity for the Flemish Crecquillon, being Dutch themselves, and perhaps they've combed Crecquillon's oeuvre of 200-plus chansons for the very finest and richest examples of his polyphonic artistry. He did handle canonic and other polyphonic structures very smoothly, as deftly as the great Josquin. But these chansons also reveal a harmonic boldness and a fearlessness about chromaticism -- at moments of affect, so discretely, so suavely! -- that rivals the innovations of Cipriano de Rore and prepares the ear for Gesualdo. If you've assumed that the French chanson was at most a country cousin to the Italian madrigal of the next generation, this CD will inspire you to think again.The four male voices of Egidius are joined in this performance by soprano Maria Luz Alvarez, and supported by the violas da gamba of the "Egidius Consort", also Dutch. A few tracks are sparklingly decorated by recorderist Saskia Coolen.And my upwardly revised estimation of Crecquillon had further impact. I followed up this very fine CD from Egidius with an altogether different but nearly as fine performance of Crecquillon by the Brabant Ensemble:Thomas Crecquillon: Missa Mort m'a priv&eacute;, Oeil esgar&eacute;
This is a beautiful cd. Curve with plateaux, in particular, is stellar. Harvey is one of the finest composers living. Modern music at its best.
I put this cd on and felt the power of it in my body and soul.  I loved this cd and it's been added to my classical collection.
Although bit stark, this is a fantastic piece of music!  If you have ever seen and enjoyed Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, and enjoyed the ethereal music of Ligeti that features throughout several sections of the movie, then you will most likely also enjoy this!  If you ever have wondered how a mass could be set in a modern classical style, check out Penderecki.  If you like masses at all - check out this recording.
A ground-breaking and difficult composition beautifully performed!
I've been listening to Julie Johnson's CD all week. It's lovely, haunting, cheeky, and joyous, by turns. Ms. Johnson's flute playing will make you smile.  I can't remember when I've been so taken with a new CD.
The sound is very romantic, like that of Van Cliburn or Rubinstein. This is a great concert program, with many different styles of pieces. Great for listening to in the car or around the house. Download this! It's great on an ipod.
This recording of three works by contemporary composer Jonathan Leshnoff is an inspiring find.  The violin concerto is, at times, painfully exquisite, with soaring lyrical lines highlighted by Wetherbee's virtuosic playing.  "Distant Reflections" is an extremely interesting work, creatively scored and wonderfully sonorous.  And the string quartet is an elegant example of the genre, beautifully performed.  In all, a wonderful recording, well worth adding to the collection.
The new American Classics release of Jonathan Leshnoff's music is a real gem. The Violin Concerto keeps unfolding in many layers, each one beautifully constructed and evoking a rich sense of mystery and transcendence. The quality of sound on this CD  is excellent, bringing out the crisp colors of the  orchestration. Jonathan Leshnoff is certain to become of of America's great composers.Charles Wetherbee and The Baltimore Chamber Orchestra with Markand Thakar conducting give a deeply moving performance.Distant Reflections is richly medative, and String Quartet No.1 shows why The Carpe Diem String Quartet is a rising star in the world of classical music.
on a private, and beautiful, musical conversation between two close friends.  (Distressing that I must add these additional words to get the count sufficient for Amazon.  Is there any corporation that seeks to control its customers as much as Amazon?)
Christina Castelli is one of the major talents to have approached the violin. I have all her CDs including the ones with her husband, Grant Moffett. Anyone who loves the violin needs to own this CD. It is an absolute pleasure to hear the skill, virtuosity, and most of all, her passion and love for the instrument. In her hands, a violin becomes a mesmerizing and riveting articulation to experience.I recommend this to all music and, specifically to, violin lovers! You will not regret it.
I love this album!!! And so does my 4 year old daughter ;-) we are listening to it over and over - amazing project!  I even listen to it in the car when I'm without my kids...
It is fantastic record and I listen every Sunday morning on PBS from Church of King , and now I have the  same wonderful record.
The Romeo & Juliet and the 2nd Sonata originally came out as a D&G LP, so I was very happy to see this available in digital format.  Berman was an expert on Prokofiev and these performances are a nice sampling of his Prokofiev interpretations.
Warning: this is not the Sibelius violin concerto.  Track One is the Glazunov violin concerto in A Minor. Track two is Ravel's Tzigane rhapsody for violin and orchestra, and the final track is Glazunov's Mazurka-Oberek.  The playing is powerful and it's a great album; too bad its in the wrong wrapper.
.....to this level of perfection. Having tried a number of recordings of these works by much more high profile names, in a vain bid to find a substitute for the glorious but out of print Raphael Ensemble's recording on Hyperion, I stumbled across this on LP. On vinyl it is an audiophile goody: the LP was mastered at a high volume level; the strings are completely captured across the frequency range, with high notes, especially plucked, captured along with the myriad of overtones; the overall sound quality is warm; some boom in the cello part (presumably set up by the close miking array) can be lessened by adjusting the bass down; dynamic range is good with very little distortion at high levels; the stereo balance is well judged. The players achieve good pace and the recording faithfully reproduces this. It is a record that "sings". Collectors will understand. In short, CRD produced a level of hi-fidelity in this recording which considering the date of 1978, very few if any record companies - including Decca - were still capable of achieving.Beyond the technical accomplishment of this disc - which has only partially been translated to CD, I would have thought for an enterprising company could do a lot more with original master tapes of this quality, possibly by SACD or DVD-Audio  - they are joined here by Moray Welsh and Roger Best.I urge anybody seeking these works on CD to give this version a try. I think it equals the much praised Hyperion disc in polish, beauty of sound and playing, but with added and much needed transparency and clarity of argument.One of the GREAT analgue recordings. It could have been better re-mastered than this, but all the same it is up there with the best purely digital versions available.
This is a truly incredible recording; Van Dam's beautiful voice and sensitive interpretation are a worthy addition to what one would think is an overly saturated host of recordings.Baldwin, as always, is an equal partner, and both musicians let the lyrics and the music speak for themselves.Join them on this journey - it's worth it!
I have produced and recorded some of the most gifted pianists of the last few decades, from Jorge Bolet to Earl Wild to Rian de Waal. (see [...]). My collection of recordings ranges from the earliest documentation of masters such as Petri, Friedman, Rachmaninoff, etc. to modern technical wizards such as Hamelin and Kissin. I consider all but a handful of today's "pianists" not to be worthy of that title. I write this about myself not to brag, but to give weight to what I am about to say next:This recording of transcriptions by Joseph Moog is one of the most stunning recordings EVER made.This young man has fingers which surely know no limits. But thankfully those fingers are controlled by EARS which, along with a natural sense of musicianship, give him the that wonderful, rarely-in-a-lifetime gift called STYLE!Every lover of true Romantic virtuoso piano music should buy this disc. You will listen to it repeatedly.Liszt's Norma Fantasy is given a brilliant reading and its huge technical hurdles are easily jumped my Moog. His performance blows away almost every other. The Busoni Sonatina and the Godowsky Gardens are great. Moog's performance of the Chopin-Godowsky "Minute" Waltz ranks among the best on record.Curiously, Moog seems a bit lost in his performance of Godowsky's version of Saint-Saens "Swan." The piece is played in a very straightforward manner, as if Moog were playing it for the very first time. He plays it in a "nice" manner, and I prefer to hear a bit more sublime sleaziness as provided by Godowsky's chromaticism.But the performances of Moszkowski's "Venusberg" and Friedman's "Voices of Spring" rise to the ULTIMATE level of pianism. The colors produced in the Moszkowski are breathtaking, created by superb use of the pedals as indicated in the score. And the Friedman easily matches  performances by the composer himself, which is no mean feat. The manipulation of rhythms and abundance of colors as created by Moog in the Friedman transcription allow the listener to experience not a performance, but pure music!Young Joseph Moog has brought to life again the same herculean artistry which was possessed by Jorge Bolet and Earl Wild during the 1950s-1970s in their live performances.Everyone involved in this production did a splendid job. The recorded sound is first-rate and the instrument is superb, obviously maintained by a master piano technician and tuner.This disc will never go onto a shelf with my main collection of CDs. It will forever remain right next to my player. That is, whenever I take it out!
This album is well worth the download and minimum cost to own. Would suggest this to all listeners and is a great addition to classical Russian music collection.
Modern classical music is often viewed, at best, as clever and complicated, but also dry and chaotic-sounding, even if composed according to "rules".  "Pseudosynthesis", by composer Brian Hulse, is an exception, and this music could change the perception of many who prefer Bach, Beethoven, or the Beatles to Berg or Schoenberg.  Especially in the piano solo "Pinch", in "for Rumi", and also in "Sunstone", the structure and progressions and interrelationships of sound and theme are reminiscent of the old masters, but transferred into a wider field of harmony, dissonance, and resolution.  Hulse does this skillfully with small ensembles (i.e., chamber music):  Piano alone, or various combinations of piano, flute, guitar, and violin.  The violin and guitar sound especially well together in the "Seastone" movements.Listening to the first "Sunstone" movement (piano, guitar, and violin), for example, I was reminded of the positive energy of several works by Bohuslav Martin&#367;, the great Czech composer of modern classical music.  The cleverness is there, but also the appeal to story and human sensibility.  Beauty is not sacrificed at the altar of "atonal" objectivity and avoidance of sentiment.
Upon his empurplement, the Roman Senate would bestow the following blessing upon the new Emperor: May you be luckier than Augustus and better than Trajan. On both fronts, this Emperor is immeasurably successful. I agree with the other reviewer: there is none better on the market. Gieseking, Rother and the Grosser Berliner Rundfunkorchester spark each other to produce incandescent results. The opening ritornello is stunning. And forget the Debussy: Gieseking never made a more scintillating record. Magic abounds in every one of his phrases.Innovative engineers at the Reichs-Rundfunk-Gesellschaft (RRG) made some two to three hundred recordings in stereo before the Fall of the Third Reich and this is one of the three that are extant. Chillingly, Lancasters or B-17 Flying Fortresses are above: one can hear the ack-ack of anti-aircraft guns at 13'30" ff in the first movement and at 16'40" ff in its cadenza.If I have one reservation about this disc, it is Rother himself. He was clearly a talent on the basis of this one recording even if the slow movement could be more hushed. Sure, Karajan joined the Nazi party twice but he did so to further his career; marrying a woman with Jewish ancestry in 1942 sullied his name in the eyes of the Party. Rother, on the other hand, was a Nazi ideologue. He was a member of the virulently anti-Semitic Kampfbund f&uuml;r deutsche Kultur which meant that he hobnobbed with the likes of Philipp Lennard, Winifred Wagner & Adolf Bartels  - kooks one and all.The Appassionata is in full blooded mono that sounds somewhat stereo-ish on occasions. At the time, Gieseking's technique was more assured and his temperament was fierier than his recordings of a decade later. And what a work this sonata is - it almost changed history itself, (Lenin: "I shouldn't listen to Beethoven's Appassionata piano sonata too often. Otherwise, I feel like petting children's heads and will never finish my revolution.") As rendered here, the Finale is a prime example of Lucifer, the Bright Star of the Morning, challenging the powers of Heaven.This is a wonderful disc. And sure as hell you'll be listening out for the guns.
Gieseking recorded the "Emperor" Concerto six times, with six different conductors (in order: Walter, Rother, Karajan, Woess, Galliera, & Cantelli), and this is the best performance he gave in the entire lot, and is the best conducted, and has the best sonics. Rother was a very great conductor (His recording of Handel's masterpiece, "Ode for St. Cecilia's Day" is the best Handel performance I have ever heard), and he was in outstanding form here, adapting perfectly to Gieseking's combination of French grace with Germanic power and energy, so that there is marvelous unity between the soloist and the conductor, and technical perfection of total control on both sides, achieving a thoroughly persuasive performance, convincing one that this is how the "Emperor" ought to be performed.Gieseking, as always, performs with unparalleled snap and elegance that detract little from this work's monumentality. If one still wants a bit more of the monumentality and less of that sensuous razzle-dazzle, perhaps try the sublime Wuehrer performance on Tahra (TAH 704-707), or a granitic Richter-Haaser performance (preferably the one with Sanderling, though Kertesz was also good). Also worth trying are the poetic Kempff with van Kempen, and the traditional Backhaus with Krauss.
This is one to have, for the historical value of the performance (one of the earliest stereo recordings in existence, 1944), the performance itself (Gieseking in his prime), as well as the novelty of having the Allies bombing Berlin during the recording. The recorded sound is actually quite stunning; it puts many muddied modern recording efforts to shame! And to maintain this composure through a bombing raid ... well, kudos to the performers for that, even though they were going to see their city in ruins and rubble within months.