Thsi iphone case looks likes the apple logo has been painted on it.  Also it attracts fingerprints so easily.  Last, my vibaration button doesn't work because the case was blocking it.  Don't get this case!!
first, it looked fine but after 2 weeks paint started to come off. And the paint was all over the phone and my jeans pocket. Had to wash the jeans and blow all the paint particles from the phone. Could be harmful for the ears.....
Item looks really good but the quality is horrible cracked within 2 days of using the item. I would stay away from this item. I had the elango case and that case is thinner and stronger than this one.
This case fit poorly and had paint chipping off it from day one. Customer service took care of the issue by sending me out a different case but should have never sold something this worthless.
I've never written a bad review before, and I know you get what you pay for, but this cover was the worst.  It was uncomfortable to hold because all of the edges were sharp.  It also must have been a bit too small for my phone because the corners cracked and the whole thing had to be thrown out within days.  I've bought a number of covers over the years and know that there are better, inexpensive products out there.
This is a Christmas gift purchased by my daughter for her dad.  The quality of the cover does not go with the good quality of iPhone.  The one end of the edge is not smooth and may cut user's finger if we are not paying attention.  What a disappointment from all of us.
The description does not say 16 GB I have a 8GB paid 1 cent for these which great deal yeah but $15.00 S&H I won't get back. This product cracked right away. WORSE PURCHASE EVER! If I was you I wouldn't risk wasting money on this item
This is truly the worst piece of junk I have ever bought. Yes, I'm sure there are many out there who are thinking, "What do you expect for $5-$6?" What was surprising to me is that I read many, many reviews on this case and there were several who compared it to the $30 cases from the Apple store and to other similar high quality cases. This can't possibly be further from the truth -- it's the cheapest quality of plastic you can possibly imagine -- plastic picnic forks are better quality. Two cracks appeared in the case in less than 24 hours. I pulled the case off and easily snapped it into four pieces with my fingers. This case could not possibly have cost more than 10 cents to produce and ship from China to the U.S., and even at $1 it would still have been a total ripoff. The plastic bubble bag that it was shipped in from Jamaica NY to my office was of far better quality, and if I had simply stuck the bag to my iPhone with some yellow electrical tape, I would have had a far better fitting and more durable cover. Fortunately, the two cracks appeared so soon after I applied the case to my phone, that I was able to retrieve my broken Speck case from the garbage can in my office before the cleaning crew came around. That case is very well made and attractive with ONE major design defect -- and it happened to the other 5 people in my office who bought one as well -- the strip of plastic between the round on/off button and the power plug socket on the bottom of the iPhone eventually cracks (especially if you carry the phone in your pocket). I learned my lesson -- back to the $20+ cases if you want something that will last a few months and actually protect your phone.
I loved the way the case looked when I put it on! The next day when I woke up, I noticed on the two corners there were huge cracks and eventually the corners have cracket completely off. I would not recommend this product AT ALL!
slick, slides out of your hand. thin plastic broke in about 5 minutes. Would not buy again.
I have a black 3GS, and this case looked awesome for about a day. I've had it for one week, and it is completely scratched up for not reason(it stays in my purse or on a cradle next to my night table at all times). It doesn't bend like in the pictures, and one corner already cracked off. The holes on the side for the vibrate switch and the volume are not cut/measured properly, and using those buttons is now very uncomfortable. I would expect this kind of wear after a few months, not after a single week. Crappy product and not worth what I paid (almost $19 with shipping). I would return it if I hadn't already used it.
I find this product too expensive you should be able to get an MP3 player that has a gig of space on it for the same price. You can only hold 15 cd-quality songs on it upgradeable to 20. one gig could hold about 200.  They have the memory cards to do this but they just don't so that they can  make money. I'd wait a while before you buy a MP3 player from anyone.
Hello! i Bought this MP3 player 2 years ago and I was very satisfied with it, until yesterday! It just stopped 4 no reason and It won't turn itself on! I contacted Tech Support but nothin! Watch out!
My dealings with Sensory Science customer support have shown them to be both incompetent and unethical.  I first ran into problems with my player in December 2000. I went to the web site looking for answers.  There were none, so I called customer support (left message on voice mail and never got a response) and sent an e-mail (also never got a response).  When I finally got in touch with customer support after repeated tries (three months later!, in March), they were miserable.  There were 2 supposed RaveMP "experts."  One never returned my call; the other was no expert.I told the "expert" I was getting a &quot;file error&quot; on my unit and I he began to get my address information.  I thought they were going to file an RMA, but he said the repair cost would be $99.95.  I asked for a manager who reduced it to $49.95, which was nice.  Nonetheless, I indicated I wanted to see if I could do anything myself in order to save the $50.  The manager sent me back to the &quot;expert.&quot;  He indicated that the &quot;file error&quot; message meant the board was bad and I had to send it in for repair, period.  There was nothing I could do.While trying to decide if it was worth $50 to get it fixed, I figured out you could flash format the memory and fix the problem.  The unit works again.  I called the &quot;expert&quot; back and asked him why he didn't tell me to flash format the memory.  He indicated it was only a temporary fix, and he knows it will fail again, that my board must be swapped out.  Apparently he thinks the function of customer service is to serve customers to the repair department for a quick $100, rather than serve the customers with appropriate information to allow them to make an informed decision.  I will never deal with this rude arrogant company again, and I certainly would not recommend anyone else to either.
6 hours later, still no go!  there own software to for ripping doesnt work.  There is no help section, customer service is terrible.
OK, this product comes with a 90 day warrenty.  Doesn't seem so bad does it?  What they don't tell you is that this product is VERY apt to get a slight memory error which causes the screen to show many lines.  To remedy this problem, all that is needed is a memory flush.  HOWEVER, this can't be  done without sending the product in to be fixed.  ...you will see in the faq section that for almost every problem this device  can have, their only solution is &quot;send it in for repairs.&quot;... NOT A GOOD DEAL!
Amazon recently sent me a raveMP player...  It was defective, so I returned it.  The next MP player didn't even have a mp3 player in the box when I got it...  The customer service at Rave (Sensory Science) was  terrible, plus it was long distance and they put me on hold, which made me  none too happy.  I'd recommned to someone willing to spend this kind of  money, something with higher quality like the Rio player or the RCA player.
The Rave MP2100 is in many ways a fine product, but it suffers from two positively bone-headed design flaws:1. Unlike, say, the Diamond Rio MP3 players, the MP2100 is not compatible with, and doesn't ship with, a  parallel-port sharing connector, which means you have to disconnect your  printer to use the MP2100. Do you really want to choose between using your  printer and using your MP2100?2. The setup program is not compatible  with Windows 2000, and the company that makes the MP2100 doesn't even have  any plans to release a Windows 2000 setup program. That means if your PC  uses Windows 2000--soon to be standard at almost any large or medium-sized  American business--you're going to be SOL with your MP2100.Both of these  problems indicate a fatal lack of customer focus by Sensory Science  Corporation, the MP2100's manufacturer. Save your money and buy an MP3  player from a company that actually understands how the average person uses  these devices.
I can't say whether this is a good product or not...I can't get it to work. Turns out its software won't work on Windows NT. They don't talk much about this up front; they only bury it in the fine print. While this might  not matter to Win 95/98 users, the real concern here is customer service.  When I contacted their CS, they first promised me NT compatability by  &quot;the end of November.&quot; No deal. Now they make no promises  whatsoever, and don't seem to care if or when they ever will have NT  software. Messages from their CS dept. come back terse, uninformative and  not remotely helpful. And worst of all, in this day and age, there seems to  be no activity on their website...no updates, no refreshments... just  static. This company is not ready for prime time.
I bought this product 5 months ago. After a few downloads, the device went crazy and stoped communicating with either me or the computer. It would play a song and have file errors ets. What really got to me, is that the  guys at &quot;Sensory Science&quot; told me that they will only fix it for  $99.95 because their warrenty is only 90 days. Now this device is only a  bunch of chips stitched on a small board. Any thing that goes wrong it just  SW or defected chip. Why would I have 2 pay $100 after already buying the  stupid device &amp; additional memory for over $350 ?  Put in the Xtra $20  and buy from someone U can trust (Sony ? ) !  Hope U do th right thing..
I bought this and was very happy with it.  It worked well, transfered quickly, and was well-designed.At first, there were just two little  problems.  A case isn't made for it.  Second, although both Amazon.com and  Sensory Science's website said that a 32 MB expansion card was available, I  wasn't able to find one on Amazon.com or the SS website.  Still, 64 MB  isn't bad.The Rave MP comes with a 90-day warranty.  If your experience  is the same as mine, yours will break about a week after the end of the  warranty.  You'll go to Sensory Science's website for help, and they'll  tell you to contact whoever you bought it from for it to be replaced (in my  case, the display went crazy for a minute, then it stopped displaying  anything, and hasn't since).  So I wrote Amazon.com, but since the warranty  had expired, there was nothing to do but throw it away.  I spent much too  much money on this for it to die a little over 3 months after I bought  it.I recommend against buying this MP3 player.  Buy one of the many  others that has a reputation for reliability and customer service.  When I  was choosing an MP3 player, I saw other reviews of the Rave MP that said  they had had problems with the players breaking frequently.  If you buy a  Rave MP, you might regret it.  These things are expensive -- buy one that  has a better chance of lasting at least to its 4th month of life.
I think this is a well designed piece of hardware.  Sound quality is great.  Layout of menus -- great.  Just one minor, itsy-bitsy, little problem that no one at sensory science or amazon.com bothered to mention --  IT DOESN'T WORK WITH WINDOWS NT OR 2000!  It's not like there's some way  around it.  The software just won't install.  At all.  GOD, I'M SO FREAKING  PISSED OFF!
I am in the process of returning the Pine D'Music MP3 player to amazon. When I received the MP3 player in the mail I was so excited. But looks can be deceiving. It did not work with Windows 95 or 98, although it said it  would. I tried it on 4 other computers to ensure it wasn't just my  computer. After a week of trying and even getting my friend who is a  Computer Science Major to try, I gave up. I do not recommend this product  unless you are up for a major headache. It's compact size and light weight  is the only thing it has going for it.
OK SO I GET AND OPEN THIS DMUSIC MP3 PLAYER AND I PLUG IT IN AND INSTALL THE SOFTWARE I NEED TO DOWNLOAD SONGS ONTO THIS SMALL PLAYER... I TRY TO TRANSFER AND IT KEEPS SAYING&quot; CANNOT COMMUNICATE TO PLAYER&quot;  CONSTANTLY, AND I HAD TO SHUT OFF MY COMPUTER CAUSE THE PROGRAM FREEZED IT!  PLEASE TAKE PROCAUTION WHEN YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT! HORRIBLE!
When I first saw this MP3 Player, I thought it looked pretty cool, but then I saw that Trust had also developed an MP3 Cyberman. And it looked exactly the same! So I went to the Trust website, and I found out that  Trust's Cyberman was developed earlier than the one from Pine Technologies.  So I think it's a rip-off. But what I hate most of all, is that the Pine  Technologies Cyberman is even more expensive than the one from Trust. And  I've seen both, and I can tell that there's no difference; not in weight,  not in size, not in quality. So my suggestion: Buy Trust's Cyberman.
If you are rich as hell, go ahead and buy it. But for the price your paying for this, you could get a great Mini Disk player, and even plenty of discs for over 2,000 minutes of recording time. Dont believe me? Goto the  Mini Disc section and do the math! Even better, you can record mp3's onto  the MiniDisk players, you can also record your voice, your  playstation/N64/Dreamcast, VCR, TV, Radio, Tape, everything!  I almost  bought an mp3 player, and im glad i didn't. MP3's are too expensive  compared to Mini-Disks, and if you look at the Mini Disk trend right now,  its exactly like the CD trend 10 years ago. They are already making Mini  Disk drives fro computers to store info. Just check out the Mini Disks  before you buy this, trust me, you'll thank me. If you have any questions,  email me, Ill answer them asap!
Please BEWARE when considering the Pine Technology SM-320V D'music MP3 player. The first one that I received would not turn on at all, even with fresh batteries. I received a replacement from AMAZON in a timely fashion  (thanks, Amazon!). However, while the replacement unit would turn on, it  would not turn off! Please consider carefully before purchasing this unit.
This one SUX o.k.? i bought a diamond pmp300 and my friend bought one of these, his SUCKED he had hardly any batt. life compared to the pmp300's 12 batt life on one AA. do not settle for second best go with the brand that first had these... DIAMOND IND. go for the PMP300 if you want price go with  the PMP500 if you want more music.
I bought an I-Jam in October 2000.  At the time, they were offering a $50 rebate which I sent in promptly.  In spite of repeated promises made by the company about a 6-8 week waiting time, etc. I *still* have not received the rebate after 6 months!*extremely* bad way to do business.  I have a feeling that it was all planned on their part.BTW - The player also is not that great.  The hardware to actually load the songs in unweildy.  And the tiny display is less then informative and difficult to read.
This is the worst mp3 player on the market i got one for cristmas and now (march) 2 out of 3 mp3 cards are messed up. i delete everything on it and then it says it still as something on it!  When i try to put stuff on it  it will lock up my computer. i have tryed cleaning the disk and it still  doesnt work. I am probly going to get and new mp3 player one of quality.
This was the first mp3 player purchase for me, and I was attracted by the agressive pricing for a 64MB player and the voice recording option. Once I received the product, the first impression was that it looked cheaply made, and not very solid looking. Sound was tinny, but I did not have another mp3 player to compare it against. Also, the jack was very sensitive, and a slight jostle or a certain angle would cause sound only to come out of one earphone. (not acceptible for my main purchase reason - portable player for running). I immediately returned the product and purchased the RIO500 with 64MB memory, and the quality, sound, build is leaps and bounds better than the Cabo. ...
Don't waste your money[...].  Slow download, barely able to hold 12 songs, uses a batteries like it is free.[...]
64M memory is not always availble. I formated the memory for 3 times.  1st time, 51M,  2nd time, 59M, 3rd time, 46M.The remaining part was always there, but not usable.
Don't buy it! Don't buy it! Don't buy it! Did I amke myself clear?!?! This thing worked for about a month but now I can't even connect it to my computer anymore, so I have been listening to the same boring songs. I say pay more and get a better product.
I got the Cabo as a present....a present from hell. Do not buy this product. It's not so much that the player is crap - when it is working it sounds fine. The major problem is that if you have one you are screwed. The company who puts it out - Best Data - has the worst tech support and customer service that I have ever encountered. They charged me to help me with exactly nothing. What's worse is that you are forced to call them because the manual (best use for it is picking up after your dog) is terrible and their Web site is equally awful. Go with a player that has USB not a damn parrallel port. And Yes I am in ECP mode! Damn thing can't get in connect mode. Yes I went to file and selected connect and list. Still got errors, errors. I am getting a refund. Do not buy anythig from Best Data. You will get screwed, you will pay for horrible tech support, you will say I should have listened to that guy from Amazon.
I think this player is the worst... when you get it out of the package it smells like ... and when you trfy to put mp3 files on it, it will take in about 1 or 2 and then freezes during the tranfer... meaning you have to restart your computer after every couple songs... not only that but when you take the belt clip off of your pants it must hit the player so hard that it makes it turn off because thats what happened for me. This player is so annoying even for a decent price and 64MB you can't even use the 64MB. (well you can if you want to restart or turn the player back on every 2 minutes)This is a bad choice if you want a good one get the Nomadllc it's way better it's got 32MB but you can max it out to a full 160MB.
This was my first MP3 player and I regret ever getting it.  Not only did it have problems connecting to Windows XP, the quality was terrible.  Besides, it's all about the iPod's these days.  Look elsewhere before you even consider this thing!
I have to say that this was the worst purchase I've made in recent memory.  After I opened the box, I hooked up the unit and discovered that the parallel cable provided with the player only worked when it felt like it.  After over an hour of disconnecting/re-connecting/rebooting my pc, it finally allowed me to transfer music to the player (although mid-transfer the software indicated that the &quot;connection was lost&quot;).  After getting some songs on the player I hooked up the headphones only to discover that the headphone jack in the player didn't work.  Plug it in all the way and the left earbud works.  Pull it out a bit and the right bud works.  Unfortunately, there was no position in which both earbuds worked simultaneously.  Basically, it ... ...right out of the box.  I tried to go to Best Data's website for instructions on shipping the unit back for repairs, but wouldn't you know it, the &quot;contact us&quot; page was not working.  I definitely learned my lesson with this unit; I got exactly what I paid for. Q
I spent too many hours on this little device.  Never did get the darn thing working.  Trashed my computer in the process (mostly recoverable).  Poor documentation on this unit.  Sent it back (amazon was great about the return).
The latest reviews are outdated.I just bought it a week ago and have tried for a few days. It has all the features and extras for your car, however, once you start using it you'll hear squeaky noises and in some cases it doesn't even read the card. (No, the problem is not the mp3 files, I have tested them on an iPod and they work fine).Also, the company is out of business and there is no support for this product anymore.
I am returning this unit. The volume was not very loud, it skipped even with the a-shock on, the hand remote bounces around your chest when you run, and it comes with too many attachments and buttons that add complexity but little value. I went to Best Buy to buy another headset but after listening to several units ended up buying a sony sport model that u can hold in your hand. Same price, much better skip protection, much louder, more sturdy and water-resistant. If your going to be jogging I would not buy the Panasonic as it is fragile in comparison.
The player is very thin and plays great sound, but is not a jogging unit.  The CD skips constantly and I have to hold it in my hand while jogging to prevent it.  The jogging pack is also a waste as the belt is elastic so you can't get a tight fit around your waist.  In addition, the headphones are the cheapest you can find and must be replaced as soon as you buy the package.  All in all, this unit may work for someone who wants to sit on a plane and listen to music, but not for active people who move around a lot.  VERY CHEAP IN EVERY WAY!!!!  DON'T BUY
I purchased this cassette player about a year ago and now I'm out shopping for a new one.  The sound quality is not as good as the one it replaced (I wish I could remember what it was!).  I never did master all the digital options - the alarm kept going off and without the directions close at hand, I found myself pushing every button to get it to turn off.  But the worst of it was that it just stopped working - even with new batteries.  It would not move the tape.  The final blow was when I accidently knocked it of the kitchen counter and the fast forward button broke off.  Actually, I was grateful, now I can justify buying a new one.
I bought this less than 2 years ago off of Amazon.  Everything worked well for the first few months but then in january (4 months after i bought it....one month after warranty)...the sound started to break up and I could only hear out of one ear of the headphone.  I decided to call to find out what to do. First off, there is NO toll free number to call so you have to pay for the call which I had to wait 45 mins to finally get someone:-/  Next, I found out that since it was after the warranty I had to pay for both ways of shipping as well as an excess fee for them to "fix it". Deciding I needed it fixed, I sent it back...and was told that I "may" have to pay an extra 77 dollars to replace the unit. At this point, I was pretty angry. So finally I get it back...4 weeks after the whole process began. They never did fix the problem...and now it's always crackly when listening to music. I would not recommend this to anyone...terrible product, terrible customer support! I will not go Creative Labs next time!
This item was dead out of the box for me.  Look elsewhere.  Normally, Creative Labs has great quality.  Not this time.
This is listed as an accessory for the Nomad Jukebox - I just spoke to Creative Labs Customer Service and they told me it's for the Nomad II and won't work with the Jukebox.As there is no way I'm buying a Nomad Jukebox unless I can play it in the car this is a bit of a show-stopper for me. Any ideas?!?!?!
It does not work with Windows 2000! Works ONLY with Windows 98 and some versions of Windows 95. It uses up the printer port, not a USB port as it should since a USB port is easily expandable. Also, Digisette has apparantly shipped out faulty software which does not even run. I'm still waiting for mine.
Don't buy this product!  It was running OK on Windows 2000,but when I downloaded and used their Win XP software on mynew XP box, their software corrupted my Digisette's memory!Now I can't use the Digisette at all!!!!!  Some problemsare OK when moving from one OS to another, but it shouldn'truin the product!!!
My fiance bought me this last xmas from R. Envelope and he paid $100 for it!It won't work with XP and they would not accept it back.It also requires an additional memory card.Smart Idea this digicasette, but it was not followed through with.  I wish i got the chance to use it.
Damn it I was patenting this idea over a yr ago until ROME beat me...but I visioned LCD, full flush controls and memory stick, USB as the chosen I/O.Why do people drop the ball like this - as though they have an idea but have never used or bought consumer electronics.
The idea behind these products is comendable, but the product itself is horrible. When i got my MP2300, I was mesmerized, i fell in love with it immediately...it was the coolest thing. THEN, while playing a song it rolled off my chest and onto my soft couch...i was impressed cause it didnt skip. Before i knew it i couldnt play any song after that track. Since this company filed for bankcruptcy I had to contact other users and google my way throught trying to figure this out. I must say, every user told me that this item is Zero shock proof, u tap it while its playing and its corrupt the read mechanism. You cannot add new disks, becauce the R/W mechnism is justs stuck and it damages further media. The company realised this flaw but since getting bought by SonicBlue has discontinued warranty.I thought the negative reviews were just single cases, but they arent. IN FACT WHEN I FIRST got it i felt like blasting those other reviewers. Whether its a day or a month, sooner or later it will die. STAY CLEAR....stick with solid state memory for now. Hope this helps.
i had this mp 3 for about 6 months worked great then poof like magic just kinda quit it will only read a few songs and skips all over on others  or plays  10 seconds or so  no customer support and i paid 130.00 to have this for 6 months or so what a piece of junk  glad they went out of business  sad people have to do business this way :(
Bought the I-Jam IJ-50 when it was on sale, and right after receiving a gift certificate. So, I thought, didn't have an MP3 player, had two 128 Meg CF cards (Microtech), so this was a perfect match, right?  WRONG!  While the sound is decent at best, and the extremely small size is a bonus, there are lots of negatives:1) wouldn't work with my Microtech 128 Meg CF cards, so I was stuck with 8 Megs. If I bought 32-64 Megs of compatible CF, the price would have been the same as more full-featured players, like the HipZip (which I LOVE and currently own), so what's the point?2) Flimsy construction; if I kept it longer than the week I had it, I don't think it would have survived the year.3) Can't fast-forward/rewind within a song4) no LCD, therefore no idea what song comes after what5) no tone control of any sort6) poor battery life (many other players come with rechargeable internal Li-Ion batteries)Rather than spend $100 on this player, and then another $70-$150 on memory, you're better off spending similar money on a player that actually has some features (at least a screen and tone control/fast-forward, for God's sake).  Avoid this one...
I have had it replaced under warranty, and now another button has broken.  I am very careful -- have never dropped it, and yet it has issues.  DO NOT buy it.  I wish I had waited for the IPOD for windows.  It is definately a superior product.
I bought this relatively expensive toy for my sons birthday, only to have it completely fail after fourteen months. Intel's support tells me "unfortunately we do not offer an extended warranty on this product. If you would like to try to fix it yourself...." Prior to this I was told there was no way to fix it and it would have to be replaced. I recommend against buying their product.
I bought this product a year and a half ago and so far have had to cash in on the warranty 3 times to get a replacement player.  This was not after hard use- more like taking it to the gym 3 or 4 times.  This product is a lemon- no wonder Intel is getting out of the business!
This product is not made anymore but I am writing this review in case anyone ever thinks of buying this mfgr's product.  This player was purchased as a Christmas gift but never worked.  We tried to replace, return but all of our efforts were thwarted after one initial, lame excuse of help from intel.  Amazon was no help at the time (several years ago) although I am sure they are much better now.
I tried two of these, and had to return both.  1 did not work, out of box, and the other died within 1 day.  I wished I had read more of these reviews before I wasted my money.
The basic user controls (play, rewind, fastforward, stop) are impossible to use.  There is a single piece of plastic over all four buttons.  It is impossible to reliably press one.  or the other.  What's more, they are not debounced-- in other words if you press and hold fastforward you usually end up going to the next track rather than going forward within the same track.  If you have hour long tracks of low bandwidth voice, this becomes tedious.Even if you take great care, you cannot reliably use the controls.  Unless you plan to hit &quot;play&quot; and leave it alone, avoid this player.
I got my Rio 600 for Christmas this year and it was frustrating trying to install the software and get it working. Once I'd figured that out, I listened to it for 2 hours total before the unit completely died. I have spent days trying to get email help from tech support and once I finally got a guy on the line at tech support (on a half-hour long distance call) he said they are no longer making Rio 600s and I had to take it back to the store for a refund. He couldn't help me. What a waste. Sonic Blue has abysmal customer support and products that fail right out of the box. Think seriously before buying a Sonic Blue product. Their products are nice - full-featured and easy to use - but if it breaks, you're stuck with it and they don't live up to their warranty.
I should have read more of the reviews already posted before getting the RIO 600! Most of the bad experiences posted happened to me as well, starting with the ON-OFF switch falling off within two months. It is also a battery eater to end all battery eaters. I have a battery recharger but this beast only likes fresh blood, recharged batteries are a waste of time since they will only work about 10-15 minutes and then die.Next, the controls. Hard to use to say the least. Menues are in such small typeface you had better have very good vision or else forget about being able to read what is displayed. The Play/Stop/FF/Rewind single button is extremely sensitive. I can't count the times I wanted to pause something I was listening to and instead it went into FF or Rewind.The battery location is another flimsy joke. It is hard to get the protective cover on and off and there is no reason for this. $5 kids toys have better battery compartments than this thing has. I can't count the number of times I have lost the protective cover and had to hunt it down. It is a cheezy piece of thin plastic with a couple of tabs that have to be inserted just so or it won't lock in place.Trust me, I won't be buying another RIO product unless I see it in my hands and examine it closely for all of these types of design flaws. It is a real shame too, since the sound quality and reliability of the actual player are first rate. It is just too bad they wrapped it in a dime store quality case.
2 weeks after I bought this item, it shut down.. After that, whenever I pressed a button down longer, or with more pressure than the minimum pressure and length, it would shut off. It was horrible. After about three weeks, the backlight stopped working, and the batteries didn't last longer than 1 hour.I was so repulsed by this MP3 player, I switched to rewritable CDs. Do not buy this item, even the headphones broke.
The RIO 500 was excellent. When in ceased working I sent it to the folks for repair.  SEVERAL MONTHS LATER!!! I gave up and asked for a replacement.  The Rio 600 came shortly.The memory is non-standard.  If you want more, Rio is the only place.The battery compartment is difficult to get to.The interface could be better.Hmmm  On the plus sideIt is Audible Ready. It has (as far as I can tell) unlimited bookmarks.
This is the second 600 I have had, and now this one is kaput and I'm shopping for a new one, I don't want to deal with it anymore.  LIke many others said, it won't turn on and you have to take the backpack off, my backlight works very randomly, when you turn the volume up or down it freezes and you have to disconnect the backpack, now it won't even play, you push play and it just restarts the device!  Two thumbs down!
I had this MP# player from back in 2001/2002 and I returned it about 2 weeks after I got it. It was a horrible player - it was super hard to navigate and put music on plus it only had room for 12 songs...If anyone reads about this and has any interest in using it, don't. Just go out and buy a $10 one on here and it will serve you 100x better.
Ihave no problem with batteries unlike those other reviews but the firmware in SonicBlue's players(Rio600 &amp; Rio800) crashes on me just about every 15-20 minutes.  I have went to their webpage and downloaded everything it told me to, to correct the problem, and according to their support staff I just need to upgrade my memory, I have tried that over 20 times and it still freezes up.  Well, if you want to waste your money and buy this cheap product that worked for about a week, this is the one...
This product did not last very long eventually purchased an Ipod.  This was a waste of money.
firsdt i bought a 32mb rio at circut city, the keypad didnt work and i was forced to retured it, after that i bouht this 64mb thiking that Rio wold put a little more money into the product, NOPE. after a week te usb cabel didnt work, u know whats weird how they have FM radios on thingsthat dont need radioson them BUT A MUSIC PLAYER THEY SEEM TO NEGLECT PUTTING A SIMPLE RADIO ON, WHAT GIVES. im glad this player got stolen from me so know i can buy a rea MP# player
Love the looks, but it's useless. After 5 months it will no longer turn on. From reading other reviewers comments, this is apparently a common problem. What does that tell you? Don't buy this item, it's just not worth it. I'm getting an iPod.
I admit - when I got the RIO, I was excited!  I thought it was a good size, light, and worked just fine, despite having severly limited memory.  Well, that's all changed.  The thing must have been made from the cheapest materials available.  My power switch broke after 2 weeks, and I wan't even flipping it that often.  The battery indicator gives NO accurate indication of the juice you have left.  Every time you look, it says there's plenty of power left, yet the thing can die at any time.  The software is clunky and buggy.  Also to top it off, when you get that "memory backpack," it's still a disappointment, because it's treated as a separate player. Suppose you have a bunch of MP3s that are around 4MB, and you use all but 3.6MB of your player's internal memory.  Adding a backpack is like adding a hard drive - it just gives another location, and it's a real pain to have to switch your "source" back and forth to juggle the tracks so that you can make THESE ones fit on THIS memory part, and THESE others fit on THAT one.  Couldn't the software try to calculate where to put the tracks so that it wasn't so tedious, and was easier not to waste space?  This turned out to be a real turkey, and I have 3 friends who also have had the things break on them within two months.
I bought my Rio 600 online at Tigerdirect (I've had great experiences with them) and I have regretted it since the end of the first 3 months of ownership.I bought the 32MB version with the extra 32MB backpack upgrade... it worked for about three months, and then it simply stopped working.  It would not turn on, or display anything on the screen.  After several e-mails to rio's customer support, I finally convinced them that my player really was broken, and that it was not a firmware problem.  They finally sent me a replacement, which lasted about three months and is now broken again, exact same problem.  I will not buy an mp3 player or anything else from Rio or its affiliates.  I got this as a deal for about $70; at least that's all I paid.  You get what you pay for, so save up for an iPod.
I bought this PLAYER and after 1 hour of playing music it quit working.  Really poor.
This is an excellent player! (if your one of the lucky 10% who actually gets one that works). Even if your one of the lucky 10%, I'll give you three months before it dies on you..That's what mine did. Waste of money,Waste of time unpackaging it. Amazing how such a crappy product can come in such a good quality package.
I've now gone through two of these devices.  I experienced the same problems others have described on both units.  Specifically, the battery does not hold its charge even when it is not being used.  Also, the unit does not always turn on even when it is charged.  What's even worse is customer service.  I sent them an email and they respond by directing me to send my email to another site.  Why didn't they just forward it themselves?  Either way, they never responded.  Bottom line...the unit doesn't deliver what it promises and customer support is non-existent.
I go this mp3 player because I have a mac and it was one of the few that were mac compatible at the time of purchase.  I already owned the Rave mp3 player by sensory science, which is an excellent peice of equipment especially for the price.  First of all, loading the rio 600 is a pain and it drains the battery more than playing it does, or so it seems.  and a lot of times it craps out in the middle of a song so you get half of the mp3.  Secondly, the buttons are also a huge pain.  I think maybe I was spoiled by the buttons on the rave player but these buttons are difficult to use, *especially* while jogging.  somtimes you really have to mash them (eg. leave scratches from my fingernails) and other times you just barely brush them.  Also, the on-hold-off slide is very annoying.  I also didn't like the way you change the batteries.  Just seems more difficult than it should be.  I definitely do not recommend this product.  Sonicblue engineers were a little too keen on the *cutesy* image than practicality on this one.
I bought this unit based on the feature list, which looked pretty good. I also read some technical reviews, which all indicated it was a &quot;hot&quot; product.Now I wish I had spent more time reading other people's experiences. I was able to easily connect to my computer and transfer songs, but as soon as I hit the play button, the whole thing freezes, including the power button. I called tech support, and they pretended like this was not a previously recorded problem...which of course is stupid, because after reading the reviews on this site, I saw several other people with similar problems. Per their recommendation, I am going to send it back to them for &quot;repair&quot;, but based on what other people have written, I'm guessing they will simply send me a new unit, and that chances are pretty high that won't work either. I would have felt better if they had simply admitted some units have a problem, rather than pretending this is rare.I also found some really annoying stuff on their web site, I for instance got an nasty database error message when trying to submit my problem electronically...and also, where you have to enter when you purchased it, the year selection only went up to 2001. The latter not a big deal perhaps, but it shows this company has poor quality control.Based on my faulty unit and the poor tech support, I do not recommend purchasing this product.
I received this MP3 player for x-mas and from the start it had problems. First it would shut down uneeplainable and more recently the battery life has decreased to a pathetic level. I am at Amazon right now to buy an Intel MP3 player.... Do yourself a favor and dont buy the Rio
Performance was very poor, battery life indicator was useless and not very good quality all around. My power on/off button broke and no one stepped up to fix or replace...I would go another direction.
I received a Rio 600 64MB MP3 player for Christmas.  I opened it, loaded it full of songs, and listened to it for about two hours one day.  The next morning I tried turning it on to load some new songs, and it wouldn't even turn on.  So I replaced the battery and messed around with the memory backpack to no avail.  It would respond to nothing.  Figuring I had received a random dysfunctional product, I promptly returned it to the store it was purchased from.Giving the SONICblue company one more chance, I opened my new player, loaded some songs, and was amazed to find out that this new player actually worked...for two days.  At the end of the second day on my way home, I turned it on successfully and pressed play...unsuccessfully.  I tried everything, just as before: battery replacement, battery connections, etc.  That was one week ago, and I've tried it every day since...to no avail.Bottom line:  this company evidently doesn't have any quality control whatsoever, and this is the last purchase I'll make from them until I discover that their company has upgraded their horrible testing division.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS, EVEN IF IT IS A LOW-COST MP3 PLAYER.  BUY SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD
I bought this player because my first one, Rio PMP 300, was a good little unit until the transfer port gave out (I had it for about three years).  I had high hopes because it got generally good reviews.  After about a week exploring software options, I settled on using the MusicMatch interface, which wasn't the best, but it worked.  The software that was recommended, RioPort Audio, did not work at all with my computer's usb running Windows 98.I was greatly surprised that after about a week of use (the sound quality was excellent), I was disappointed when my headphones started fading in and out.  Well, after trying to rotate the headphone jack in different orientations, the entire connection finally failed and no sound at all came out of the unit's jack (I even tried different headphones).  I assume that this was because the same port is used to connect the usb transfer cable and that somehow I had damaged the connection contacts.  I returned it to Amazon for a refund.All in all, I have to say that my experience with my PMP 300 was a good one, but the Rio 600 failed to live up to my expectations.  It seemed to be a quite fragile construction and I need a durable unit since I like to jog with it about three times a week.I love the concept of an MP3 player for jogging, but I haven't found a good, reliable unit with the features that provide the excellent listening experience that I expect.
SONICblue, you let me down. You made me this light, easy to work portable player that sounded great and didn't cost an arm and a leg, and after a couple of days you replace it with a unit that plays distorted garbage (when it wants to turn on at all).  I didn't mind that I had to wait 5 hours before I could use it, nor that you changed my MP3 file names when I edited your database because you didn't pick up the song information correctly, or that I had to spend lots of time cleaning up the database because you wanted to include every stupid little WAV file on the entire hard drive.  Then you tell me to go to your website if there's any problems, and you tell me that the unit you just sent me has a bad charger, and you'll kindly send me another one if I just click on this link here.  And the link doesn't work!  Nor does the report-a-problem link!  And when I try to send you email, I'm informed that you're no longer providing customer support at that location, and that I need to retype my mail and send it to another address!  And they don't respond (funny how the put-me-on-the-mailing-list link seemed to have worked the first time, though). Then I found out you sent junk to other people as well (some people a couple of times), and have been doing it for some time now!  What, did you only send fully functioning units to those doing editorial reviews?
The form factor is great for use in the car but note that you'll need a cassette player you can feed the Digisette's power cord into (the result is just like a &quot;cassette adaptor&quot; for a CD player). When the battery dies while playing, the unit remembers where you were when you *started* playing. This would not be an issue if it were not for the Digisette's other problem, when playing audio books the fast-forward and reverse controls are completely useless: they send you to either the start of the program or one chapter from the end (when they change the program at all). This makes using the unit tedious because you can't rewind a little when you miss something.The bundled software is also pretty lame in that it offers little help for figuring out how much more music you can fit in the remaining space and it has issues detecting the device.The hardware is fairly  cool but it's let down by indifferent software both in the unit and on the PC.
Liar Liar. Be aware this item does not have USB connection, nor does it allow upgrade to 96mb as advertized.  Play audible? No way with this model.
This has one thing going for it: it's small and portable.  There's so many other portable players around it's impossible to justify buying this.  If you are thinking it will sound good in your car's tape deck let me advise you go buy an economy pack of standard normal bias tapes, they sound better.Specific faults:1. This thing is dyslexic.  Sometimes the right channel comes out on the right ear pod, sometimes the left.  This seems to be completely random and is terribly annoying.2. The volume controls on the unit control the tape head volume.  What were they thinking?  No, no no!  Eject and turn the sucker down to get rid of the distortion in a tape deck?  Yes, this you must do.3. Interfacing with your computer is pretty much like rolling dice.  You usually have to force initialize the unit and reload the software several times before they talk to each other.  The problem is greatly magnified if you are foolish enough to install a Media Card.4. If you do install a media card you'll find that using forward/back buttons often is pretty much the same as if you had pressed a "random track" button.  No such button exists.5. The equalization feature is akward.  I'd prefer the standard bass boost as seen on most portable CD players.6. Tying to use rewind/fast forward in a tape deck, if you still persist in using it in one after realizing how bad it sounds, is near impossible.  Better to eject and use the buttons just like you did to turn the volume to the tape heads down.This is a very poorly engineered device that barely performs as advertised.
1.  This product was advertised as working in any cassette deck.  It does not. It will not work or not work well in any standard tape deck on any german auto (audi, volkswagen etc) I was told I might improve the situation with a small square of cellophane tape, not what you wish to hear when you just dished out 240 bucks2.  The first item sent to me was defective.  it took 5.38 hours (my phone counts minutes )of support with both audible and digisette to figure this out.  support ran from very helpful to pleasant but not very knowlegeable.3. The directions are very poorly written.  Set up is more difficult than you would imagine.  Audible and digisette are partners yet there softwar is not only uncompatible, it actually will crash your system if both are open on your desktop for any period of time. the support people tell you this 4. the device is very confusing.  with only one small amber or green indicator, status of the device depends on how long the green light is flashing, whether the amber light blinked once or twice etc..... making the whole operation of the device more of an effort than needs be.  especially when the device works differently in different tape decks.  I was told just to put it in and fiddle with the deck's controls and i would figure out what they did. Even when functioning the dvice will not let you listen to data stored on the flash card.  The setup instructions i received from the support on the phone, involving formating of the memmory etc.. were COMPLETELY different that those in the directions5  summary.  Cool design, great idea, poor execution.  in talking/e-mailing other &quot;satisfied&quot; customers, I found that they were only satisfied because the device would play a little music when they put it in their deck.  EVErY ONE (21/21 so far) were having contiuing problems with the device but have just resigned themselves to the limited functionality.SAVE YOURSELF&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;DO NOT BUY  Support at Audible told me off the record they have many problems with this product and she would recommend an Iomega zip player.  Thats what I am going to try next.
This device has been an utter dissapointment from the day I got it. (...) It is almost totally useless for playing audio books. None of the the controls work as advertised. It periodically resets to the beginning of the mp3 file and there is no way to fast forward or skip back to where you were. You can't play it in a cassette player with the power adaptor connected. The battery won't stay charged and the connectors are very flimsey. Digisette should be embarrased for releasing this abomination on the public.
I hate this thing. actually it only worked once. i got a few songs on it. now it is incapable of reading anything and i intend on replacing it in the near future. avoid at all costs. id recomend mp3 cd or high mp3 player such as the ones made by Rio and the apple ipod for you mac owners
I purchased this item with high expectations:  just set up a wireless network in my home, sold my CD Jukebox, and was ready to stream mp3s from my PC to my stereo.  Let me preface my comments by saying I'm a pretty adept computer user: I've had both Macs and PCs for 15 years now.This product was the most frustrating piece of equipment that I've ever tried to install. Nothing that I did would get it to work.  I even had my desktop support friend from work come to the house and try to get this to work -- no dice.  After exhausting the manual and their online FAQ and troubleshooting page, I found out that they DON'T HAVE TELEPHONE SUPPORT OF ANY KIND.  In disbelief, I emailed them asking for help.  I received a reply 2 days later with a laundry list of questions and an apology for not having phone support.  Needless to say, I returned this item.  I hope this review prevents somebody else from the frustration that I experienced trying to get this to work.  Turtle Beach ought to be ashamed for not having phone support.
The controls are very limited and clumsy to use and misuse. The volume is quite weak and battery life is little more than an hour. The belt clip is non-function and snapped off on first use with me. (...) To top it all off.. MINE DIED RIGHT AFTER THE 90 DAY WARRANTEE PERIOD ENDED!!!
A disappointing x-mas present for my son. Initial (windows-xp) installation problems were eventually resolved with a PlayCenter 2.5 upgrade and xp patch. Unfortunately, the upgrade wasn't at the website documented with the unit. Finally the unit was working great! The next day downloading stopped working. After reinstalling the SW, downloading appeared to work but it wouldn't play. Creative's web support and FAQs were not helpful. Hope others have a better experience. Mine is being returned.
I've had this MP3 player for several years now, and the only reason I bought it in the first place was that it took SmartMedia, just like my camera.Bad thing #1: It is not a USB mass storage device.  This means you *must* use their software to copy the files to it.  It also means that it can't double as a Flash drive or as a SmartMedia reader.Bad thing #2: The controls are awkward and badly designed.  The interface is badly designed and hard to use.  The actual knob is fiddly -- a single control can be pushed in to mean Ok or Enter, or moved up-down to pick a menu entry.  If I use the tip of my thumb or index finger to move it up or down, then I can either push too softly and I can't move it because it slips, or I can push too hard and it registers as Enter.  The resistance at pushing in is too feeble and that at moving sideways is too strong.  In addition, when holding the player upright (which is the natural way to hold it in one hand), you need to move the knob up for "down" and down for "up".  I still can't get used to that.Bad thing #3: When the battery is almost dead, it stops playing, shuts itself down, *forgets what song it was playing*, turns itself on, resumes playing the first song you played in that session, shuts itself down after a second or two, turns itself back on, resumes playing the first song, and so on, until the battery is completely drained (a good half hour).  This is very annoying if you're using it while driving and don't have time reach to it and turn it off (which is difficult, because it only takes the button if you press it at the right moment).Miscelaneous other bad things:If you take the SmartMedia out and use it for anything else, even if you put the files back on it as they were, it won't work.  It only works if you copy stuff on the SmartMedia using the player itself.The external battery holder is funny.  It only attaches to the player through the power connector, which means it's free to swing around and get disconnected and fall off any time.  Things get better if you put the player and the battery holder in the case, but it's hard to push the battery holder in (very tight fit), and extremely hard to get it out.The FM radio is fair at best (noisy weak reception, slightly noisy even with strong signals).The included earbuds are decent, but the player can't drive a full-sized pair of headphones without losing some sound quality (the low frequencies are especially affected).You can hear a high-pitched sound caused by interference from the backlight driver whenever the backlight is on.The battery charger is rather heavy for what it does.  The player can't charge its battery from the USB port or from the external power adapter.  You need to take the battery out to charge it.  The external AAA battery holder allows you to continue to listen to music while the internal battery is in the charger, but that drains the battery, so it's not an economical solution.  You can't use rechargeable AAA batteries in the extrenal holder.If you put the player in the case, you *have* to use the FM radio  or the inline remote, because the lid doesn't close if you just plug the headphones straight into the player.  Also, the cord of the headphones is too short to allow you to clip both the player and the in-line remote on the belt.The player is (or used to be) too expesive for all its shortcomings.  There are much better alternatives now for a fraction of the original prices, both from Samsung and from the competition.Good thing: The player looks good, and it's fairly small and lightweight.  This doesn't even begin to compensate for all its disadvantages.
If you're looking to pay top dollar for a poorly designed  MP3 player that is badly constructed out of shoddy materials, then the YP-700H is the one for you.1)  Ergonomically bad.  The controls are small and unfriendly.  The Yepp is downright useless if you're listening to the thing while jogging; it's easy to hit the wrong button when trying to rewind or fast forward and I often find myself having to stop to set things right.2)  Shoddy materials and construction.  Mine has been subjected to fairly light use, but the finish on the corners is worn through and the battery compartment is held shut by a piece of electrical tape.  Battery won't hold a charge.3)  Sorry software.  Limited, clunky and unintuitive.This is the first electronic item that I've reviewed on Amazon.  I paid [money] bucks for mine at a local retailer and have been complaining to my wife about my disappointment in the unit.  She told me to quit whining and write a review on Amazon.Summary:  don't buy it.
First, I will admit that this product packs a lot of features.But, it comes with a big price tag to make up for the features.The major problem that I have is that it locks up on certain mp3 songs and the only way to reset the player is to remove the battery. This is unacceptable!Lastly, tech support is non existent. I tried contacting samsung and they never reply to my emails. They're not very organized as there are many support channels and you have to get in touch with the right ones. If they can't fix my problem, I'm definitely returning it for a refund!... I was surprise to read some people are experiencing the same problems. My co-worker has a previous yepp version and he told me that it was a known problem. Sounds like Samsung hasn't fixed it. Samsung = poor quality.
I was happy with the player itself, but the software is terrible so I have to return the player.  The software crashs my PC every time I try to scan my hard drive for new songs. It also does not read the MP3 files properly and therefore you have to rename all of the files if you care about what the titles are.Too bad- its a fine player but if I can't use the software I can use the player.
I was looking for a mid-range mp3 player; what I got was a piece of garbage.  I've had it a year now and it already doesn't work.  If I press the power button to turn it on, it just cycles through powering on and off.  Eventually I have to pull the battery out to make it finally shut off for good.  Its not like I've abused it either.  I would use it may once or twice a week to and from work (maybe 40min a day); when not in use, it would sit in a drawer.  The battery life is not that great either; 128mb is not enough; the accompanying software must have been written by amateurs (beware XP users).  At one point the software said I needed to buy a license to use it further; this after crashing multiple times during uploading of songs.  Why would I want to waste more money?If you want a good player, spend the money for an ipod...I hear they're great; as you can read, I would give the same review for this device.
You probably read towards the bottom of the description that it works with XP, and you'll even read it on the BACK OF THE PACKAGE, but it's not true.  compaq still has no drivers for XP to recognize the PA-2, so if you have XP you'd better get a different mp3 player.
I just returned my iPaq-2 to Amazon--the problems:1. Documentation is incomplete--you have to download and run an .exe tutorial (with a non-intuitive interface) to figure it out.2. Had problems installing the drivers.  I work in the computer industry and know a lot about the technical side of Windows--if you don't know what a Windows Device Manager is, you won't have a prayer.3. Phone support was horrible - they would only deal with error codes--refused to take 10 seconds to point me in the right direction for formatting the memory--told me it would cost... for any advice (I had [already spent the money] on the system and memory upgrade).4. I upgraded the memory to 112 Mb--it still holds only around 40 songs.5. You can use Windows Media Player or lame Compaq Jukebox software for the user interface--both completely unintuitive.6. Mystery software - they load some 3rd party music license protection sw on your machine without telling you what it is--you have to install it, but they never tell you what it's for.....after all this (2 hours) I finally got it working, but it hung 1/2 way through the music download to the devise.  It's in the box going back to Amazon right now.
This gotta be a joke.  Other 64MB MP3 players with expansion, from Now Evolution, etc., cost as little as 1/5 as much, and has much better sound.  I truly think this player is a cruel joke for people who know nothing about technology.
These are too tall for the m500.  The package says "Palm V series" only.  They are heavier and nicer than the m500 styli, but if they won't click in the stylus silo, what good do they do?
This product worked OK for me on Win 2000, but I got a new Win XP computer.  I downloaded the software for Win XP, and it CORRUPTED THE DEVICE'S MEMORY.  Tech support said, "Sorry."  The device is now inoperable.  I expect some problems, but the device shouldn't become inoperable.  Save your money and get a more robust or cheaper MP3 player.  A cassetteadapter for any MP3 player is [inexpensive].
I had the same problem as David from San Jose. But I was lucky to fix my internal memory. Basically I had to install an older version from DUO MANGER in a Win2000 computer and tried lots and lots of times to low format the internal memory. The newest version of DUO MANAGER wouldn't recognize the player at all. I started the low format process several times right after switching the unit on, and before the DUO-64 went to a fault LED condition. After several attempts, I managed to format the player and now it's working again. Now it can work with the newest DUO MANAGER version. Just as a reminder, now I'm just using Win2000 to downloading to it and I do not recommend it.
My son bought this device in December.  The Lyra itself is okay... lightweight, decent sound... but the MusicMatch software is an abomination.  The latest MusicMatch incarnation does NOT support the Lyra for downloaded music.  The company claims to have a plug-in to allow users to play downloaded music on the Lyra, but the plug-in does not install.  Without the plug-in, you can still copy the files you ripped from CD, but no new music.  I would like to buy myself a portable music device, but it won't be this one and it won't be any other that uses MusicMatch.
Just spent 2+ hours with the RCA software.  I can't believe how terrible the software is.  Besides the poor ease of use everytime we tried to download songs, their software distorted the file like it had major skipping.  If this were 1990 or so maybe I would have more patience here, but come on, something this bad shouldn't have made it to the shelf.  I'm returning my daughter's player tomorrow. Never will buy RCA again.  Life's too short to spend money for the headaches they give you.
I had the newer &quot;Lyra&quot; version of this product, but they're essentially the same. The MusicMatch software is completely unworkable. The instruction manual covers almost nothing, and there is nowhere to go for assistance. Regrettably, I spent two days fighting with thing before I returned it. My advice is DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM.
I have to admit the rd1070 has the potential to store a whole lot of music. Before buying rd1070 i bought the 64MB model from RCA Lyra because it had a rebate for it, that actually sounded really good and its alot smaller then the rd1070. I returned the product after questioning if 64MB + 128MB card i was going to buy was going to be enough music for me. I got this a week later because I did some searching and found the 1070. Its alot bigger in terms of size then the 64MB version and sounds alot worse. Sound transfer was the same as the 64MB version and I used the same songs, even the same headphones and the 1070 sounded horrendous. I tried redoing the proccess to see if it was just a bad transfer and was amazed that it wasnt the issue. Keep in mind I am no audio nut and cant tell the difference betweens highs and mids, and if I notice the problem you should notice it too. Try demoing the unit at Circuit City since they have a great return policy.
I was impressed when I fist got the Lyra, it had amazing sound and good features about it like the ability to change it to Jazz or Rock, and the behind the ear headphones.Sadly, I parted with the Lyra becuase after 3 months of use it broke. I was trying to download a song into the memory and the next thing I know it won't even register any songs. I got the Lyra for Christmas and broke in March; it took RCA customer service over a month and a half to respond to my complaint and after 2 months of waiting all I'm getting out of it is $$$ and stress.There are many other MP3 players on the market that are of much better quality and usage then the Lyra or any other RCA product.I highly suggest the iRiver DataPlay or something by SonicBlue.So unless you are in the mood for migranes don't even bother to listen to the RCA Lyra.
You can't drag and drop MP3 files and there is no LCD to tell you what songs you can play.  MusicMatch is fine but the encoding and decoding of every song takes too long even with fire-wire,I sent mine back...
Got this for my girlfriend.  It sounded great, and I didn't mind having to convert my MP3s to play them.  Unfortunately, it began having problems almost immediately.  First, it kept giving an error saying that the hard drive door was open--it wasn't.  Then, it kept saying that the hard drive wasn't inserted--it was. Now it only powers up intermittently and will only play one song at a time, if that.We've called Toshiba and gotten pretty good support (a real, English speaking person!!), but nothing they suggested worked.  Now I have to pay to mail it back to the company.  To be honest, given the cheap door and hard drive mechanisms (I couldn't believe how flimsy these were!), I'm not confident that this will EVER play for any period of time.I might just buy a Rio.
I bought an iAudio CW200 a few weeks ago. One of the reasons I bought the unit is because JetAudio claims it is multilingual.  On JetAudio's Web site (as of May 20, 2003), this is what it says about multi-language support:?Supports all international characters such as English, Spanish, Korean, Chinese, Japanese, etc.?This is not true. It does not download mp3 files saved in Chinese characters. JetShell (the software that you have to use to download mp3 onto the player) just froze when I attempted.  I had to rename the Chinese character mp3 files in order to download them. Even after I got them downloaded, the player does not show the Chinese mp3 tag data. So the mutil-language support is completely false. I emailed tech support numerous time.  I did not get a response until more than 2 weeks later.  The response was it is not supported and they do not plan to support it. Another problem I discovered is JetShell does not work if you connect the player to your PC using a USB hub.  JetShell will just froze.  JetAudio is not doing anything about them either.
The item looks like it would be a good mp3 player.  However, why does it cost more USED than NEW?  Just curious.
Why Almost Perfect MP3 Player? Because it doesn't plays wma songs.i looked at every flash memory mp3 player on amazon.com. the iaudio had the best reviews.i went to the jet audio website and saw that they had a 256 mb player. this is not readily apparent on amazon.com. i went back to amazon.com; looked again and found the 256....converting cds to mp3 format is so simple.downloading to the iaudio using the jet shell software is a breeze. i audio has already set it up so you can compartmentalize your music into 4 folders and one for voice recordings.cannot emphasize enough how small it is. easy to hold and control the functions with one hand.i have never been compelled to rate an item before but i want people to know what a great product this is.
Do not buy this item. It is terrible.Do not buy this item if you use any other USB devices with your Windows XP OS. We have two different computers in our house, and after attempting to install the software for this product, both computers suffered substantial problems in recognizing the other USB devices that were previously used on our systems. In one case, we lost all of the data on an Iomega external hard drive. The file system became corrupted and the system ceased to recognize the hard drive. On the second computer, the wireless hub was no longer recognized after the software associated with this device was installed. This, of course, meant that we could no longer get on the Internet.On both computers, it appeared that everything had installed properly from the CD for this item. But then, suddenly, there were problems with our USB devices on both of our computers.  As an interesting aside, the owner's manual says that even this iAudio device doesn't have the &quot;Approved for Windows XP&quot; certification from Microsoft, it is fine for use with the OS. Based upon our experience, this is a blatant lie. We're returning this item to the manufacturer today and we're disgusted with it. We're still trying to pick up the pieces from the damage it wrought.
I bought this in the summer of 2003 and was very disappointed from the get go.  i was on a long flight enjoying the player when all of a sudden it freezes.  i have practically full battery and it freezes! the only way to unfreeze it is to reset it.  however, the reset button hole is SO tiny, i had to use a hairpin, or a pushpin to actually reset it.  this freezing happened all the time.  i bought this originally because the ipod was about $200 more expensive at the time, now i wish i got the ipod. oh well now i have a flash mp3 player that i couldnt be happier with (iAudio 4 256 MB).  if you arent away from your computer too long at a time, i suggest you invest your money in a flash player like the iAudio.  The Zen jukebox is just very frustrating to use.
I purchased the Zen Jukebox in October 2003 because it seemed like a good deal compared to some of the other MP3 players out there.  The software was a bit of a problem to use, and the controls on the unit felt cheap.  I took great care of the unit - I kept it in a case, and it never took a fall.  A few days ago (February 2004), I found that the jack where the headphone plugs in was loose, and I couldn't get any sound from the unit.  I checked my warranty, and found it was only 3 months (shame on me for not checking the warranty before I purchased the unit).  I will never purchase an item from these guys again.  A 3 month warranty???  I guess they don't think much of there product either.  Don't waste your money on this thing.
I decided to save myself $200 by buying the Zen 2.0 rather than an iPod. What a mistake. I received it in mid-October. By mid-December the display screen no longer worked. Because I had memorized the menu system by that point I was still able to use the product. I went on vacation right after this happened and didn't have time to deal with getting this fixed under warranty. (So I'm not sure how helpful they are.) I continued to use the player until yesterday when it just completely died on me. That's why I decided to write this review. It's not worth the $200 I saved. It's too bulky. The software that it came with never worked properly either. It would never connect to the CDDB database to name the files so I had to do it manually until I finally got iTunes and started ripping CD's in that. What a pain...! Take a guess what I'll be buying next. I had read other reviews talking about the screen display not working but decided to take my chances. I gambled and lost!
The idea was good, but the emplimentation Is BAD.  First of all the zen's Buttons are TOO small.  Second of all (maybe it's just me), but It has a very un-natural feel when you hold it in your hand.  My Nomad ZEN also Quit after the first day.  When I connected it Too my computer, and started running the PlayCenter software to transfer my MP3 collection to the Zen, It worked fine at first, but the Zen started to get very hot, and then when I tried to Syncronize my MP3s with the software It just Quit.  Now it will not turn on or do anything.  Maybe it was just a flaw in the one I got or something, but I am very angry that I only got one day to use something that I paid $230 for.  Oh, the headphones have a very Cheap feal to them.  Based on my experience I do NOT recomend the ZEN at all.
Purchased one of these after deciding the iPod was too expensive and the hard drive failed within a month. I don't think it was my fault, but I did drop it once, in its case, on a thick carpet from about two and a half feet up. I had to pay outbound shipping and after a month they sent me back a used, refurbished unit with scratches on it (mine was in perfect condition). I would recommend spending the extra money on an iPod. At least you get a one year warranty, as opposed to 90 days for the Jukebox Zen (they must know how fragile it is).
The front panel operations require a minimum of 2 button presses.  After a few months of ownership, both of my units became intolerably unresponsive to all but the hardest button pressing and multiple tries.  This defeats the whole purpose of the portability and convenience.  No pros listed here, others have done that.
I thought it was too expensive.  I got top of the line at Radio Shack for much less
It was a mistake to buy this product because it has a very thin or cheap sound quality. I played an analog recording of The Tocatta and Fugue in D-minor by J. S. Bach on it and was very disappointed in the poor frequency response it delivered.  Nothing below about 80 hertz is even audible.  The upper frquencies are also weak and the unit does not play loud enough.  To top all this off, the battery life is not anywhere near what is being claimed. Very, very dissappointing.  This one is going into the trash after only a few hours of use.
This seemed to be a really great player at first, with solid construction and great features (FM radio and line-in encoding with autosync) with the only drawback being that it does not support folders. However, after 3 weeks of very gentle use the USB port on the player has stopped working properly. I need to push it in AND hold it in hard for it to be recognized by any PC and if I let go or move it slightly is disconnects!!Having bought the player in the US but living in the UK I doubt that I will be able to get it replaced....:(. I now own a very expensive FM radio....
This device was really a disappointment from Samsung. Let me tell you about the issues of this product:The 'jog switch' which you twist to fastforward and rewind atone end of this cylindrical unit takes some getting used to. Mine was loose and so was my friends!. The case is horrible! Because of this switch, once you put unit into the case, you cannot fastforward or rewind because the 'jog' switch, You need to be a lefty to use it comfortably. If you hold it in your right hand to use your thumb and forefinger to operate the fastforward/rewind, display will be upside down. Plus, the volume then would be uncomfortably unreachable by your thumb, unless you want to use your middle-ring-pinky fingers to operate volume. Controls felt clumsy even when using two hands. Trying to use the tiny menu button needs a fair push with your fingernail, especially if you have soft fingertips. The volume switch also served as a menu selector, although it too felt awkward. I often found myself skipping over two options when I only wanted to move to the next one. There's a sensitivity setting in the menu, but that did not help. It was the physical operation of this control, not it's electronic sensitivy that had to be adjusted. Accompanying earphones are very poor quality.. The cable is very short! The rubber USB-port cover was loose on mine. Voice recording was poor quality. My voice was audible, but muffled and scratched sounding. I turned on the TV to a regular volume to record it. The menus were arranged very poorly and not user-friendly. I'm pretty quick at catching onto how menus are arranged, but this was very difficult especially for even an expert! Even when you get 256 Megs, no expansion slots to add additional memory.I am an expert at gadgets and I figure things out very well, however, this product was very difficult to understand, poor quality and was immediately returned...This product was not thought out at all!!!
I had a rio 535s which I loved but I wanted more space. I bought this thinking it would be just as easy to use....sadly no. I have windows xp bussiness and it seems to fight witht the mps player. Addtionally you need to know more about everything each step of the way. If you have big hands this is not for you the buttons are tiny and hard to use.  Maybe it is just me but this does not seem worth the money....
I'm a music junkie, have an iPod, but will try anything promising.  I was very excited about using this to broadcast MP3's to a stereo (have bought similar low cost products that were really bad).Well, took it home, set it up, got some power, charged it....and it never turned on again.When I brought it back to the store, the clerck that saw me approaching him with the package gave me a look that read &quot;yep, another one of these back&quot;, and when I talked to him, confirmed that they were coming back frequently.When I read the other reviews on this site though, it makes me want to roll the dice and try it again...Do at your own risk.
While 20 Gb of music is a good thing to have, try some other player instead. Right now Neuros is in its infancy. User interface is horrible and sometimes completely illogical.FM Transmittion function is practically useless in my car, battery charging shows "chargin" even if you don't plug the AC adaptor in the outlet but merelly connect it to the unit. USB 1.1 is very slow for such amount of music. And, if you have special characters in the file name it's synch software will refuse to copy it to the unit. Files are not cached properly (hard drive starts every time you skip to the next song or rewind the current song), unit stops playing if you go to the menu.Perhaps next verion will be much better, but for now, even if you get $100 rebate... you certainly would be better off with other player.
This player simply can't play mp3 files from the directory. Your pre-defined m3u playlists are ignored. You must use a sync manager, either the in-box NSM or some downloaded open source software, to build a database out of the mp3 ID3 tags. Otherwise the files simply won't play and there's no way around. This machine generated database mess up your existing file directory and you'll get nemerous strange playlists simply because they all have the same "unknown artists" or "track 01" etc. And don't expect Karajan and von Karajan appear as the same person unless you are ready to spend hundreds of hours editing your file tags.This issue applies to all Neuros mp3 players, even the newest 80G model. The Neuros users have been complaining about this since last year but nothing has ever been done up till now. I'm very disappointed.
Despite having 20 gigabytes of storage space, the Neuros has far to go before it can play in the big leagues with Apple's iPod and Creative's Zen. It falls short by its lack of a high-speed interface (USB 1.1 can't cut it) and a difficult-to-install, difficult-to-use, proprietary music management app. The unit crashed twice during basic use, and turning on the backlight was confusing. Using the Neuros wasn't intuitive, yet referring to the user's guide didn't help any. The Neuros features a built-in FM transmitter, so, theoretically, you can transmit to an unused frequency; it never worked. Even more gimmicky is the ability to record a snippet of a FM broadcast (the Neuros has a FM tuner), which you can then find the name and artist online somehow; never figured it out. Navigating through the player was just as challenging: there's no scroll wheel for smooth, quick access; menus were confusing; and you can't edit or create playlists. Sound quality was only so-so. After a day-and-a-half with it, it went back into the box.The design is awkward: The Neuros uses a backpack system, which you insert the slim player into a humongous hard-drive backpack. You can interchange the player with a (perhaps smaller) 128MB backpack, but the backpack concept doesn't make sense. Perhaps it's meant to be future-proof, but it hinders more than it helps. (Early versions of the Neuros were recalled due to issues with the FM transmitter.)The player supports music encoded in the open-source Vorbis format, which doesn't mean much for the average consumer. Digital Innovations has some great ideas; now that the ball is rolling, they need to improve upon the problem areas if they seriously plan to market this.
The concept of this device is great. It was first foray into MP3 players. I found that it played well over the FM frequency, the earphones made the music seem like it was a live performance, ease of use was great with the synchronizing software and their customer service was beyond excellent, they were superb -- in their human relation skills, but I'm not sure about their technical skills. I'm giving it two stars because it seemed like the Neuros team really wanted to help me but the end result was that I was able to use it for only a few weeks of the five months I've owned it. I had to send it back to Neuros twice and it wasn't repaired either time. I am, just today, sending it back to them with instructions that they are to send me a completely different device or don't send me anything at all. It's already cost me about $75 in shipping costs to have them attempt to repair it. By the time it's over, buying an iPod might look like a real bargain.
I received the Network Walkman as a prize and it has made my life miserable.  Contrary to what the box & Sony Customer service will tell you, it does not play MP3s.  The computer will confirm that I downloaded the files, but the player displays "No Data" when I try to listen.  Therefore, I need to use the SonicStage software, but the software does not work.  Every time I try to load music into the music library, I get an error message and the program shuts down.  Customer service was difficult to track down and could not help me when I got through to them.  The Network Walkman looks good, but it is a very expensive paperweight.
This walkman has nice attributes and but fails for most people who take music seriously.  If you want to continue using a more robust media manager (Media PLayer, Music Match, or Realplayer), use playlists, or have more than a few hundred songs on your PC, the encryption software Sony requires you to use simply will not work.  Sony is the only company that will not allow you to transfer MP3s and WPAs to its devices.  It converts them to ATRAC to protect copyrights (many of whish Sony owns).  The software that handles that is proprietary, badly written, and untested.  Furthermore, their software support is really horrid.  I strongly discourage this product for most users.
I get the sense that Sony rushed to get this product into the market when they realized the inevitable ipod invasion.  It seems that product testing was simply skipped altogether in order to sell as many units as possible before ipod completely took hold.  I sincerely urge you to avoid this terrible product and wish the resulting frustration upon noone.  I will admit that the sound quality is superior to Mp3, but the difference is not enormous and if I wanted the best quality I would play an uncompressed format on my home stereo (duh).  As with all Sony products, aesthetically the product is beautiful with clean, smooth lines and innovative (though I fear somewhat breakable) controls.  The software was blatantly Sony's last priority with countless flaws and a mind-numbing transfer rate.  Atrac3 is not compatable with the rest of the civilized world and Sony Support is non-existent.  Do not spend a cent on any of these players and with hope Sony will be forced discontinue this pathetic product line and get back to doing something they actually know about.  Hopefully for mankind something that doesn't require software - like good ol' VHS.
What a mess.  Sony missed the boat big time with this one.  The software is a mess, buggy and doesn't work well with Windows.  My puter crashed a minimum of 15 times in 2 days.  Support?  I had to hunt them down and then it took, no lie, 6 hours on the phone.  Seems the CD was missing a .dll file and windows would not recognize their .inf files.  In addition, the unit itself had to have the memory reformatted, a manufacturing issue.  Now that it works, beware, unless you rip your own CDs or want to buy from the Sony Music Store, which, by the way, uses a different version of the software and will also crash your puter, you are pretty limited.  I wish I had purchased another product, the use of this will be very limited and I cannot recommend it to anyone for any reason.
Do not confuse this player with REAL mp3 players.  This player DOES NOT play mp3s!  It only plays Sony formated sound files.  Sony did this because it's trying to protect its copyrighted music, but it is a pain to have to convert your music to some special file type when there are plenty of REAL mp3 players out there.  Be warned, you have to be very carefull when purchasing mp3 audio players from RIAA member companies!
I ordered this to protect my pda screen and the seller simply cancelled the order without contacting me.  The reason was my address does not show up in whatever database they use, so they just cancelled the order.I live in the middle of the national forrest and few addresses here show up on mapping software!  Another seller had the same problem, but took the time to email me to confirm my address.  I received my purchase, he received his payment and everyone was happy.I wish this seller had bothered to do the same.
I'm sorry, but, I can't give good ratings for the Delphi SKYFiproducts ( I purchased the SA10000 SKYFi Receiver and the Audio System) or Delphi as a company. My problem is the SKYFi's reception. I rate it as down right poor in my area (Sumter, SC). Nowhere in their advertising of their product do they state that you essentially must have a South facing windoin which to place the satellite radio's antenna. My South facingwindow in my house is a garage. I don't want the radio in my garage and even when I did place it there, reception was weak at best. Many times the signal would drop out for 10-15 secs. This may be different if you live in an area with what they describe as a &quot;XM land based repeater&quot;, but, how would you know as you only find this out after you buy the product. I then tried it at work where my dental operatories face Eastward. I received &quot;No Signal&quot;. It turns out the radio and speakers (audiosystem) are worthless to me. I essentially have a $200 paperweight.I then called Delphi to inquire about my problem and if I could get a refund due to their poor product performance. All they could do for me is to refund my activation fee and not charge me the monthly fee for service. I requested to talk with a supervisor who reinforced they could do nothing and essentially said &quot;Sorry&quot;.You had better research the Delphi products and how they perform in your area before buying them or you might be throwing away your money as I did.
I have been an XM Radio subscriber since July of 2003.  My original radio was a SKYFI.  It was great.  In July my two year subscription expired, and I renewed for three years.  In September I decided I wanted to use the service in a second vehicle.  In order to use the same radio in both vehicles I was forced to Purchase a SKYFI II.  I was told all I would have to do is switch the radio to my existing account.  I did as told and for the last four weeks I have had no service.I have spent at least five hours on the phone with XM's Customer Care and, like a previous reviewer, I have received nothing but blow off answers.There is a problem with their software that does not allow the switch to the new radio.  I have asked them to close my account and refund my money for the subscription, but they tell me they can't do that until they fix the problem with their system software.  In other words, when they fix their system so they can activate my radio, then they can refund my money.I have also asked them to send me a new radio, but they refused.When I mention that I want a refund so I can switch to Sirius the hang up on me.I'm stuck with about $200.00 in equipment and $300.00 in a worthless subscription.Be careful.
Excited to receive this Delphi XM Radio. After receiving it, installing it and paying for the reconnect the service, we discovered the channel knob would not work. We could not scan the channels. Very disappointed. We have sent this product back to possibly receive our money back.
I purchased one of the these directly from xm.  It never worked.  XM acknowledged it was defective equipment but refused to refund it.  For the most part the xm customer service is absolutely terrible, either ignoring you or providing blow off answers.
i have brought delphi radio befor i own a transportation company i uselly just open the package and start to use the radio this time it did not come with all the parts to use it i am very very unhappy
I had my Sky-Fi installed by a professional stereo shop because I wanted it wired directly through my car radio. I didn't want the exposed wires that were required in using the vehicle adapter kit, which requires plugging into an auxiliary power source and into the car's cassette player.This involved purchasing an FM modulator for about $40. The install cost another $100. Looked great. But sounds like crap. Once I got home and got the radio activated, I discovered that the sound quality is nothing like the quality of the XM I get from a factory unit that came in my other vehicle.I went back to the installer and they said there's nothing that can be done to improve the sound quality. They said anytime you add something to an existing radio, poor sound quality can be expected. They said using the vehicle adapter kit, with the exposed wires, would not have made any difference. This problem, they said, is common.The reception is fine, but there is a constant hissing sound in the background that gets worse as volume is added. It's on every station. It's so bad that we are going to have it removed from the car. The quality is just not worth listening to, even though it's wired to a high-quality Volvo factory system, which otherwide puts out great sound.According to what I'm being told, a self-contained factory unit is the only way to ensure good quality sound. I get great quality in my factory-equipped truck.I would recommend staying away from any add-on satellite receiver, or at least check out the facts with a reputable stereo shop before you make the investment. Everything I spent is down the drain.
The Delphi SA10000 XM SKYFi Radio Receiver is not up to my expectations.  I wanted to be able to see the display.  This display is terrible.  I wanted uninterrupted music and was very disappointed in the FM like commercials.  I have returned my unit and received a refund with no problems.After my experience with this product and the XM/FM like commercials, I thought I would never get another satellite radio.  A friend of mine told me about Sirius and its commercial free music.  I tried their programming online for free and was impressed by the content and NO COMMERCIALS!!  I will be buying Sirius' new Streamer plug and play next week.
The Female RCA Jack on the home kit base makes using this unit with a Bosewave Radio a pain in the behind. The Patch cord provided should require a listed of suggested amplified speakers for use with this unit. four hours of not finding a match in my small town makes me want to send the radio back
Didn't restore color but may not be the tape.  I ran it 3 times no success.  Hard to measure if it works or not..
I am a digital music enthusiast and have owned several MP3 players like this one; this was perhaps the most dissatisfying MP3 player I have ever purchased. Unlike most every other player I've owned, Rio requires that you install a program in order to transfer music to the device (most MP3 players simply show up as an extra drive under "my computer" allowing you to drag and drop files onto them). First of all, I hate installing vendor software like this, because these programs tend to be fairly invasive (changing file type settings, installing 3rd party "bonus" software, and they take up too much hard drive space given how minimally useful they are). My second complaint (which ties in with the 1st) is that the device was not plug-and-play compatible. This means that I can't download music to it from school computers or friends' computers either (because odds are they won't have the Rio software either).As you can tell, I never actually got to listen to any music on it, because I could never download anything to it.Anyway, these complaints may seem minor, but they make this device look kind of bush-league compared to equably priced models by other companies. I guess I had just expected more from such a popular brand of MP3 player.
I have had continious problems with Rio, the same goes to many other people.  Many things have broken on many peoples players.  ave your money and be confident in your purchase.  DON'T BUY RIO!!Problems with my Rio3 months - screen started to blank out in lines5 months - keeps losing songs (you have to pull out battery to get them back I found - YAY)8 months - won't start when I hit the 'on' button, but if I keep pulling the battery out and trying to start it, then it will come on after I do that a while)DON'T BUY RIO - more bad reviews with other Rio players - read them before you buy
BEFORE YOU BUY ANYTHING FROM RIO, do your research -- I'm an adult who purchased 2 of their MP3 players to listen to while using the treadmill at the gym. Aside from the complaints that come with many electronic gadgets (eats batteries, controls difficult to use, etc.), BEWARE THAT THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS ESPECIALLY UNHELPFUL. By checking online, you'll see that many individuals (myself included) have gone through numerous devices to find that the quality is poor, replacement or repair is grudgingly, if at all. LOOK AT ANOTHER BRAND BEFORE YOU SPEND YOUR MONEY.
I got this for christmas last year, but i didnt use it that much but Now, i love kroq, but this piece of crap doesnt take in some of my songs.  I put on 8 songs from Red Hot Chili Peppers, and only four of them work, and it skips the others.  I have to go backwards to find the song, and it still skips them.  ????Now im getting a zen micro and i already know itll be better than this one even [...]
The juggle will break after few mounths (bought two of them, on one the backward stopped working, on the second the play stopped working), otherwise it would have been a great mp3 player
i purchased the DLO action jacket (neoprene for 20 & 40GB ipods) for my wife for use on walks, etc around town.  However, the ipod doesn't fit in properly.  The circle that is supposed to line up with the ipod's doesn't.  The plasic part covering the ipod is awkward and doesn't align either so you can't press the play button.  So, since the ipod doesn't fit in the case overall, this product is useless.  pls save your time and money and consider another ipod case.
I purchased the M-Audio Transit based on a favorable review in Stereophile, and was initially pleased with the device as it definitely added depth and accuracy to my computer based media. The Transit worked well with Windows XP. However after migrating to Windows 7, the the Transit works for about 10 minutes before becoming seized with static; too much static to continue listening. It's not clear if this is a Microsoft problem or an M-Audio problem, but I can tell you after multiple attempts to contact M-Audio, they are completely AWOL on the technical support. It's impossible to reach a living being though their phones, leaving the poor dupes like me who buy M-Audio gear to search through M-Audio's online 'treasure trove' of missives and anecdotes from other users. I take my music very seriously. Evidently M-Audio doesn't. If you are considering a USB interface for your computer, my advice is to up the ante and go for the HRT Music Streamer or the Cambridge Audio DAC. More expensive, but serious audio equipment shouldn't act and feel like a toy.
While the hardware specs on this device seem to serve a wide range of use cases (e.g. music production, audiophile listening on a laptop), the drivers make it rather annoying to use.  The audio quality is quite good (when it is working), far better than any onboard audio system I've listened to.  On multiple systems (vista 32-bit and windows 7 64-bit), one needs to go into the management utility, switch it into 16-bit mode, then run the audio test before any sound will play. Users need to repeat this process every time the system starts.  This issue has been outstanding for quite a long time and support will give no ETA on a fix.
As a radio broadcaster, I've had to dump this unreliable product. In XP, on a 1.99 GHz laptop with a gig of memory, Transit's recordings are frequently flawed by stuttering and what sounds like the product's inability to keep up while writing line input content.Sections of a recording will skip madly, missing bytes, then clear up. Other times, the recordings are damaged to the end of the file, the unit cannot recover -- even through periods of silence. Capturing live content where no retakes are possible is a complete gamble.I can only assume this is a fatal hardware flaw. Nothing on M-Audio's web site addresses the issue ehich others have mentioned here, and an hour on hold for each attempt to talk to tech support uses up any cost-effective attempt at a solution. We've thoroughly field-tested the M-Audio Transit, and it's failed.
This is the entry-level for getting a digital audio stream from your Mac to an external DAC.Unfortunately, it just didn't work for me, due to abolutely terrible drivers. I tried the native driver intall as posted, but I still experienced numerous freezes and crashes on my iBook. I also heard buzzing whenever the hard drive was reading or writing data. Oh, and playing audio seemed to really tax the CPU, to the point where the iBook was practically unuseable for anything else.I switched to an Airport Express and couldn't be happier. No problems with sound quality, no freezes or crashes, and there's no noticeable load on the CPU.
I've tried everything to get this waste of space running. It's being sent back today. It seems that the driver for 10.4.2 is not usable. You can try using the native Mac drivers by following these instructions, but they didn't work for me:[...]
The hardware may very well be acceptable, but the claimed Windows 7 support for this device is defective.  The install disc simply exists saying "your operating system is not supported" but the m-audio has a Windows 7 (64 bit) driver.  However after an apparently successful install (after which the device manager claims the unit is connected and working properly) every attempt to send sound to the unit causes the source application to hang.  After much trial and error, I found that the unit will work if you go into the control panel, click through numerous dialog boxes and reset the unit to "default" configuration.  The M-audio supplied control panel has no effect.  After every reboot, the device is inoperable again and the time consuming reset procedure must be repeated.I don't know if the thing works better with other operating systems, but I'd advise anyone with Windows 7 to avoid this unit.
Typical of USB interfaces, the transit is quite simply unstable. At best, it loads your audio with dropouts, at worst it quits working altogether until it is reset. I tried this interface on two separate systems, both of which run an M-Audio firewire 410 and M-audio firewire solo perfectly. Don't waste your time with the transit or any other USB interface, go firewire.
This product was returned as it did not meet my needs.  The issue was due to very poor audio quality when playing back music to my home theater system.  I have since purchased a simular product from a different vendor for half the price that works great..
I love iPods..I've had the 15gb for a while and recently purchased the 20gb from Amazon. But the one they sent me doesn't even turn on, charge, or anything. Am I the only one who got a totally not working iPod from Amazon?? Now I have to send it into the AppleCare Depot to get it fixed and sent back. This will take at least 2 weeks! At least I have my 15 to tide me over.. :(
There are few things worse than paying $300 for an MP3 player, spending more than an hour setting it up, and then finding out that the battery is no good (apparently a fairly common problem with the iPods).  Now I understand that many batterys go bad after one year of use - at $99 for a replacment battery, it looks like the total cost of the iPod will be well above the origional investment.I definately regret chosing the iPod
Very bad, because The battery is no working and I have to buy it. I don't like that! I'm very disappointed :/
With the plethora of less expensive and more feature rich Mp3 players hitting the market daily, why would you want to pay $400 for an ipod, other than to satisfy some lemming instinct?The ipod is made of plastic and looks like a fisher price toy and is as simple as that.It plays and store music, but no fm no recording capabilities and hardly any battery life at allWould give this a zero if possible-$400 is a lot of money to play music in mac format.
you can now order the Creative jukebox zen touch, which has a similar touchpad touchsensitive interface as the IPOD and 20GB harddrive, USB 2, blah blah ,blahTHere is something that makes it vastly better than every SINGLE mp3 player out therea 24-hour battery, that's right it can play for an entire day.I think that that might just blow IPOD's PITIFUL 8-hour battery out of the waterit has three times teh battery life for $279a 20GB IPOD is $399, over a hundred dollars more for the same features and 2/3 less batteryoh yah it only weigh 7.2 ounces, thats only 2 more than the IPOD and a whole 2 ounces less than the original ZENYep IPOD IS DEAD TO ME
This would be a nice product if they'd bring the price down to a more reasonable number (let's say, less than $199.00), and it would be even better if Apple didn't make you so dependent on them to replace the battery. Do you realize the complications with returning the iPod to Apple?? That battery dilemma is going to be a real issue to many of us in 1.8 to 2 years or so...
I was ready to shell out $500 for a 40 GB iPod until I found out that the battery is not replaceable and it lasts approximately 18 months.  Then you have to send the unit back to Apple and they will &quot;refurbish&quot; it for $250 + shipping.  $500+ for the unit and a a year and half later another $250?  Maybe if you just won the lottery!  What was Apple thinking?  There is a group of very disgruntled iPod owners that are starting a class action suit against Apple over this issue.  There is also a site with an enlightening video at [...]Instead of the iPod I bought the Creative Jukebox Zen 40 Gb for $320 (That's $180 less than the equivalent iPod) and it has a battery that I can replace for $50 (the unit comes with the battery in a separate bag).  It is not as small as the iPod,  but after two months of using it daily it has been flawless in all respects.If you really want an iPod, wait for the new models that are coming out soon and see if they address the battery problem.
I used to love my ipod,but the fact that it recently died on me after a year and 8 months of use has left me with a very bad taste in my mouth. The most painful aspect is that I did not abuse it or use it heavily. The apple store guy at the genius bar informed me that a replacement would cost $250. Better than paying full price, but I am utterly disenchanted and will not pay for another ipod given my experience. Sorry Apple, you got to do better on the reliabilty issue before I even consider another ipod.
This piece of garbage is the most overpriced overhyped contraption on the market. I returned my today and got a Samsung Napster player. For starters the Ipud only plays some wacky proprietary Apple format.My new Napster player has an FM tuner, voice recording and works great in the car and with the Napster service which has a greater catolgue and user interface.I bought into the Apple hype. But returned it after I learned that there was a player that works with the Napster service-the Samsung Napster player.
I got mine less than a month ago in the US (I live in Brazil)a few days ago I was walking back home when it suddenly froze, no more sound just the screen at that exact moment, nothing much you can do about it since not even frenetic button pressing or pluging it on the computer solved, well now I have to take it 150 km from my place to an Apple shop and if reposition is necessary I'll have to wait about one more month. So I couldn't more pleased with my sweet iPod ,thanx apple
$400 for this thing is outrageous. All it does is play and store music. It does that well enough but there are plenty of players that can do that for far less-the Rio, the iriver etc.If you are going to spend $400 you should get more than a just a player/storage device and it shouldn't look like a fisher price toy!The Samsung Napster 20GB player costs the same as a 20GB ipod but is far more than just a player/storage device.The Napster Samsung player in addition to being player/storage device like the iPod it ALSO acts as a recorder for all media.The line in/out feature allows you to digitize your entire audio library including CD, old cassettes and Lp' s. It also plays FM and can transform the player into a car stereo with the FM transmitter. In short, the Napster Samsung player can act as you entire stereo system by just adding speakers.Also the Napter service is great. Many people don't understand the benefits to the Napster premium service. They call it renting music (as if renting was a dirty word-people rent houses, cars videos!).First of all on Napster you can buy individual tunes and albums just as you can on iTunes so you don't have to rent.The Napster premium service allows you to listen to almost all songs in the Napster catalogue-the ENTIRE songs not just 30 second clips. You can make playlists of these songs or even download them for playing them off line. The radio stations are also customizable allowing you to skip, delete or add songs (from you own collection or the Napter library) to the 30 + pre set radio stations. All this for just $9.95 a month and you have access to the vast majority of all great songs available on line.With the Samsung Napster player and the Napster premium service you have all you music needs met!
I was EXTREMLY enthusiastic when I heard about the new Ipods.  Touch buttons?  Cool.  20 gig storage? Sweet!Of course I ran out and bought one, and was thrilled to play games on my way home.  Connecting it to my [PC] computer was a snap, and transferring my music was easier than I would have thought possible.Let me digress here to explain my relationship with Apple computers.  I have been a PC user all my life, although I did use AppleII back in grade school.  Recently I spent the summer with my best friend in Virginia, and used his top-of-the-line eMac.  I was blown away by its sleek look, silence, design, and graphically-advanced OS.  I was unimpressed with its sluggish load times for Netscape and Explorer, and game performance (program load times not internet connection speed)The first problems came when I tried to play music.  Music is arranged according to playlist, album, artist, genre, or a list of every song.  Unfortunately if you have downloaded any music all of the artist, song, album and genres are totally mixed up and backwards and you will NEVER be able to find anything you want EVER.Serves my right for illegally downloading music.  Wait... this was all independent stuff that was not on any record labels.  Terribly annoying that the software groups this way. (Other MP3 players let you group by directory, makes the process soo much more enjoyable.)Other problems abound.  ALL the computer noises from Windows along with every computer game I own were put on my Ipod.  I didn't want this.  Also Legally bought albums frequently feature songs from multiple artists.  The "Buena Vista Social Club" is scattered into 12 different pieces that are impossible to listen to in order.I circumvented this whole mess by creating 137 different playlists on my computer (each playlist was one album) and transferring them onto my Ipod.  This was horribly time consuming, but it worked.Until the Ipod Crashed.  Playing through a list one day I noticed the pod said track 9 when 8 was clearly playing.  I looked through the playlist until I found the song that was skipped.  I tried to play it and the pod became unresponsive.  I tried everything.  Rebooting the pod, letting the battery drain and forcing a power-down, went through every aspect of apple's support on their website.  This was not even mentioned as a possible problem.  Was my case unique?  That is what I thought until I met another guy with an Ipod (30 gig) who experienced the exact same problem. Apple is ignoring this problem and hoping it will disappear.  The Pod magically fixed itself after three months.  During those three months I would charge it up every Sunday and try and restart it, With no luck.  It eventually worked, although now the hold switch magically turns on- functioning independently of the physical switch.  Today it froze again, so I felt the need to write this review.Check out the reviews on Amazon.  The "editorial" review was written by Apple!  They were nonbiased, right? WRONG.  Earlier in the Pod's career there were many user reviews that were suspiciously Apple-sounding.  Look around the net.  I don't know what the best HD MP3 player is, but now there is plenty of competition.  Don't make the same mistake I did.For more fake apple praise check out the ...review of Apple.com.  What nonsense!  It is a nice page design, but the raves are actually funny they are so far away from reality.  Also check out how despite the fact that my review is honest and non-judgmental there will be an overwhelming negative response to it from Apple's goons. ;)PS- the "features" such as calendar and note utility are nonexistent.  Not a single person in the world will ever have the wealth of time required to use them-  they totally clash with apple's ease-of-use mentality-  basically they are notepad file viewers.UPDATE:  I downloaded the ipod latest software from apple and tried to upgrade the ipod's system.  Now it doesnt connect to my computer at all.  There are hundreads of ghost songs on the Ipod that dont exist/play.  This has been an expensive nightmare.
First of all, have you seen the iPud? if you're into the plastic Fisher Price baby look, go ahead.Napster is light years ahead iTunes. For starters, Itunes allows only 30 second clips to be heard instead of the whole song like Napster before buying.The last reviewer suggests that pocket pool is possible with the iPud as &quot;with the apple scroll wheel, you can control the iPod without even looking at it (from inside your pant pocket).&quot;Wow! What a feature. I'll take the Samsung Napster additional recording features (cassettes, FM radio, voice, vinyl etc) and FM radio and transmitter insteadThe gushing iPud reviewer also asks &quot;plus, tell me what other mp3 player has over 50 after market items for it.&quot;Of course there are many aftermarket items for the iPud, they are needed to add functionality to the ipud, features that come pre loaded with the Napster Samsung player. Spending more to enhance an iPud may be a hobby for Apple geeks but I'dprefer to buy the product and use it and not have to worry about the pants pocket navigator or other add on items.There is no comparison. The Mac people are smoking cr@ck!!!! They are willing to make religion out of spending $400 for an mp3 player that requires additional purchase to make the thing work the way they want.You can buy the Napster Samsung player and be better off, the Gateway 20GB player for $100 less too.
The Napster Samsung player accomplishes alot more than the ipod The Napste player is $299 from J&amp;R Music world-available on this site. The ipod is $399!!The Napster player:1. records mp3 files from cd (no pc needed) radio, vinyl, cassette2. Plays mp3's and wma3. works well with Napster4. has fm -needs a more powerful transmitter but you can buy one for $205. Has tremendous storagethe ipod at $400 can't compete-espcially after since you are tied to the mac format.Let's say you download a bunch of tunes from itunes and Napster.Well, in three years let's say your ipod or Napster player stops working or you need more storage.Guess what your options are-if you downloaded from itunes-you have one option-buy another overpriced ipod as the music you buy there only works on the ipod.if you download from Napster you can buy another Napster player or any of the 400 other players that play the Napster format.(from Gateway, iriver, Rio, Dell HP etc)Also while you own the Napster player you can buy a small cheap 128 mp3 player that will work with the files you download from Napster. With Itunes you are stuck with the large ipod.For recording, compatibility and price the Napster player is a far wiser choice than the ipod.
It seems amazon wants to clear out some inventory before adding the new one.THIS IS NOT THE IPOD THAT WAS RELEASED A FEW DAYS AGO(this may seem obvious...but I know of a few people that have been burned already)
it said dopwnload up to 40000 songs, but i can only download 4000....isnt that weird??im weird
i purchased an ipod and was very disapointed when i found out i had to buy a new cable before being able to use it.  also the battery is lithium ion which means that it is practically worth less after 300 charges.  that suckit wouldn't even play for one hour.  you can learn how to change your ipod battery at posci.com but mine broke while i was doing it.  also the metal on the iPod gets scratched very easily.after the ipod broke i got a new mp3 player.  i got the iRiver ihp-120.  it has a lithium polymer battery and it last for 3000 charges instead of the puny ipods 300.  also the battery last for 16 hours twice as good as the ipod.  the iriver hasn't gotten scrachted once.  as an even better plus te iriver has a very high quality microphone which is awesome.  lastly the irier cost less then the ipod  DO NOT GET THE IPOD GET AN IRIVER I SWEAR YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT
I work in the IT dept., and have had to configure 4 different systems for people with iPods, and am perplexed at why this has to be SO PAINFULLY DIFFICULT.- The iTunes software is wonky, and often takes several tries to install successfully.-  Thus far, I've had to reinstall on several systems, because after a while the applications refuses to open.- It takes multiple attempts EACH TIME to establish a connection with the unit via USB2.- The software only supports Win2k Pro and WinXP (despite a large number of users still on Win98SE).- Once the software and hardware are properly setup, it's needlessly difficult to figure out how to move files from iTunes to the iPod.- You can't even use it like a regular portable disk, you're stuck using some asinine proprietary interface.  Weak!I've had $40 USB1.1 MP3/WMA players that were INFINITELY easier to use, and performed adequately.  Plug in player.  Drivers automatically load.  Buy song.  Drag & drop.  Play.  EASY.  Per my last invoice, I've spent literally 6 total hours working on getting 3 different iPods working of 4 different system.  6 HOURS!!!I'll admit, the iPod has great sound, a very large capacity (which is wasted, since it doesn't seem to work like a portable media drive), and is as sturdy as an M1 tank...  But I thought Apple's whole bag was "easy to use."  I've been in IT for years, and this is one of the more difficult accessories I've ever had the displeasure of trying to configure.This could very well be the most overrated and overpriced piece of junk that Apple has rolled out yet.  I'm sure the mass market will LOVE it, and the legions of techies who will inevitably spend hours trying to get it to work will hate it.  Brilliant.
The ipod is nothing more than a glorified storage device. $400 for nothing but the ability to be tied to iTunes!I asked my friends what player to buy and they all said iTunes is &quot;awesome&quot;. Well its not. If you use napster this is not the player for you. You'd be better off just buying a Gateway keyring mp3 player for $100.If you want to shell out $400 the Samsung Napster player is the far better choice with more features and the ability to tie into the Napster online music experience.Also the ipod looks cheap as its made with plastic. Some people like these things, but I for one think its all wet.
I have purchased three ipods for myself, and over 10 ipods for friends in the last year. All of my ipods and about 3/4's of the ones I gave to friends have had battery problems. Within six months of use, the battery only holds a charge for about 1 hour, sometimes less. Since we all use the ipods independently, you can rule out user error. Also, the battery needs to be constantly recharged. This makes a wonderful piece of equipment almost useless, and a constant source of frustration. Also, you get no help from Apple when you try to contact them. Unfortunately, the ipod is not built to easily replace the battery. All in all, the ipod is a wonderful innovation with a fatal flaw.
There is a new IPOD being released soon. They are at least a hundred dollars cheaper and with more battery life. Don't waste your money on this item.
The $400 price tag should be enough to scare you offIf its not consider:that you can buy a Dell,Gateway, Napster Samsung, iRiver, Rio,HP and countless other 20GB players for at least $100 less.These player also do more than just play music, some of them can record, have fm receivers and transmitters AND all of the above play music that you can buy on Dell, Musicmatch, Napster, buy music etc.The ipod works only with itunes proprietary service and format.A sure way to tie yourself to no other choice than to purchase  Apple products in the future if you want to continue to play your music.Stay away from this ipod.
Apple does it again. They managed to create one of the first good mp3 players, just like they produced one of the first good pcs.Then it all falls apart-they keep prices high, use a proprietary format that the rest of the world does not use and try to lock the users into buying their expensive products (ipods) and services (itunes).For starters there are players by Dell, Gateway and of course Napster that do more than just play music like the ipod and all are far less expensive and all handle mp3 and wma files which the ipod does not which leaves the ipod user no alternative but to use itunes (which isn't bad but charges .99 a tune and does not allow listening to entire tunes before buying-something that Napster does)This ipod does not sound very good either. I tried a friend's and he envies my Samsung Napster player because of the recording capabiities. I can make mp3 files from radio streams, old cassetes and even my own voice. The fm on the napster is not really of use to me but its there if you want it.The ipod's day has past-it was great when it was the only game in town but with the slew of new 20gb players on the market that play wma and mp3 files at $100-150 cheaper, you 'd be nuts to shell out 400 for an ipod that does little more than play music.
Apple announced a new IPod with a battery life of 12 hours and $100 cheaper.  Amazon is selling their IPods at the new low price but do these models have the new 12 hour battery life?  I have written Amazon three times now asking this question and they won't give me a straight answer.  Don't buy this product until Amazon starts selling the 12 hour batteries.
Well I've owned an iPod for several hours now and I still haven't done much except reboot the darn thing - which takes longer than my Windows PC, by the way. I can't persuade my PC to see the device even though my firewire port is on the Windows Hardware list. I'm currently on hold with Apple 'support' and listening to the canned message telling me how important my call is for the 40th+ time.This was my first and last Apple purchase. The product doesn't work and there's no detectable support. What a complete waste of money!
Awful, AWFUL, overheated, battery can't hold a charge more than an hour, won't install properly on my brand newish Dell laptop; doesn't like my USB drivers in XP; can't use it on my 98 machine without buying a Firewire card which may or may not work, since hey, I may need non-98 compatible drivers....Apple website USELESS.Don't get this.  Get the iRiver instead.  Stop giving money to a company with closed standards, faulty products, and a terrible additude!  You're not doing friends, family, or yourself a favor if you get them something that's defective, and takes 24 hours and over $100 of additional software and cables to set up (hey Apple--if you sell it as &quot;Windows compatible&quot; how about giving away the freaking CABLE in a $400 item?)!
I have had two of these. One quit after only 3 weeks, the other never worked at all.  My experience with the unit that worked was very dissapointing:You cannot import playlists, you have to create them using clunky software included with the player or on the player itself. This becomes much more difficult with large numbers of mp3's.  You also must select and load mp3's with the software one by one.  The unit's database crashes frequently and must be rebuilt using the software, this destroys all playlists. The only media player that supports it is "Musicmatch Jukebox" and only the version included with the player, (It's not much better as an interface than the other software included with the player).This is a discontinued unit which is being sold off by third party resellers under several different names, there is almost no tech support available except from other owners.If you buy one of these you will soon be wishing you hadn't wasted your money.  The Creative Labs Zen Extra can be purchased for under 200 dollars, It's well worth it.
It cannot play any mp3, no sound, no display characters.........I've to return it.
I bought one of these units; big mistake.  I couldn't get the file transfer to work on three different computers.  Spent one hour trying to accomplish file transfers.  This is a waste of my time, and it will waste yours too.  Taking it back today.  Beware.
This player SUCKS!  OK, it does have a voice recorder and fm recorder (which record in the large, but non-propietary .WAV format) and an fm radio (who's reception is spotty at best), but aside from those &quot;features&quot; this thing is absolutely horrible.  Oh yeah - It doesn't require any software.  Windows sees it as a removable drive, which is good (and bad - see below). Also, it is very small and cute, which was a selling point for me, but that's not nearly enough to make up for it's shortcomings.The first one I bought broke right away while I was transferring files (granted, I didn't read the manual first, but you really shouldn't need to - you should be able to plug in and go, especially considering there is no software to install). I had no problem with Win XP recognizing it as a removable drive, but I think what happened was that I tried dragging over a folder with-in another folder (the player only supports 1 level of folders, and I had mine set up //artist/album/file.mp3). Windows sees this as a drive, so as far as Windows is concerned there should be no problem in creating multiple folders. But, instead of giving an error, the transfer just crashed and the unit would not respond.  Even after multiple attempts at removing the battery to reset it, it still would not respond. Not a good start.So I returned it and got another.  This time I made sure that my files were only one folder deep (aside: since this player does not &quot;see&quot; folders really, it treats them as playlists. for a unit that proudly displays it's drag-and-drop capabilities on it's package, it seems odd that it doesn't support a folder view. i haven't tried non-music files, given how easily it killed the system by just trying to create a third level of folders. also, just like first generation mp3 players, if you want your songs to play in a particular order, you had better name them that way, as the manual suggests, by add &quot;001&quot;,&quot;002&quot;, etc to the begining of the file/folder.)Figuring out how the navigation works was a chore.  Much of my time was spent in trial-and-error trying to figure out how to navigate around this thing (again, should you really need to read a manual just to figure out how to play a song?  this is ridiculous!) Which brings us to my biggest complaint:THE SCREEN IS UPSIDE-DOWN!!!Seriously. What I imagine happened was that they put it all together, and some tester said that the buttons should be on top of the unit instead of the bottom, so instead of redesigning it, they just flipped the screen.  This is apparent because the buttons are BACKWARDS!! That doesn't make sense?  OK, let me explain.  Normally, being from an an engligh speaking/reading country, you assume that, given two buttons, the one one the left would be &quot;back&quot; and the one on the right would be &quot;forward&quot; (picture the navigation buttons on any vcr, tape player, dvd, cd... ok, pretty much anything that has navigation buttons).  This is not the case with this unit.  I constantly find myself going back when i want to go forward, lowering the volume when i want to raise it, etc.  It's extremely frustrating and annoying. Another hint that they just flipped the screen is that the writing on the back of the unit is upside-down compared to the screen (but, if you turn the unit over, at least the buttons make sense.  you just can't see what's going on on the screen).Speaking of the screen.  It's easy enough to read, but holds hardly any info on it.  4 lines with a max of 12 characters each (and that's one line for the name of the song, one line for the folder/playlist, one line for the timeframe, and the last line for system settings, like battery level, etc.  so really it's just two lines with a max of twelve chars).  It's also very low res compared to other current generation mp3 players i've used.The voice recorder seemed to work well enough, but given how poorly designed everything on this unit is, I'm not even going to test that or any other feature any further.  This is definitly not worth it, even at the fairly low price.  iRiver, iRock, Rio, and a few others have similarly priced units that, although not perfect, are worlds ahead of this thing.if this would have come out 4 years ago it would have been pretty good.  but given it's current competition, this is about as bad as it gets.
At first this seemed like a great product. The portable speakers and lightweight unit seemed like a great idea. However, once I bought it, I quickly noticed several flaws.  First of all, the player would shut it's self off if you accidentally knocked it.  Second, the sound quality is extremely poor, even with quality headphones. And the EQ selections didn't help at all. Third, the volume was never loud enough, even with the amplifier. Fourth, the menus are difficult to use, especially with only one button. Finally, and I know this is silly, but the player never started on the first song on my playlist. For whatever reason, it would always start on some seemingly random point (although no shuffle feature is available). I always had to change tracks until I got to the beginning of my playlist.
I got this player for my birthday, and at first i was satisfied because i didnt know better. I had to replace the battery very very often, which gets expensive. Also every time i jog or workout, if the player moves, it shuts off because the battery comes out of place. This thing is a waste of money. Save your money, without purchasing this thing, you are $100 closer to a Karma or an Ipod. I'm personally going for the Karma.Whether this helped you or not, i hope you dont waste your money on this thing.Piece of junk. PERIOD.
I bought this product 3 months ago and regreted it.It is usb 1.1 and takes a long time for you toupload songs. And worst part is it died now.
The Sony name on the Walkman I received was a disgrace.  The tape player never functioned properly, continuing to slow down and stop for no reason.  Maybe it was due to the fact that the product was at the end of production; but that is no excuses for poor quality control.  Having purchased many Sony products in the past this is the first time that I am complexly dissatisfied with the company and one of their products.
Price was the same as paid for a much better quality version which I crudely taped together and now actually still use.The new one has a much worse signal to ratio volume control and poorer reception ... every thing else looks the same .... clever rip off and I feel I've been had by Amazon once again.
Cannot get the radio to work.  Not worth sending back.  Have nothing more to say, but maybe they should send me a new one at their mailing expense
I had it for only 1 month...then the thing froze completely. It only had like 41% filled and it froze. DO NOT BUY. It is a waste of time and money.
as stated in another review, this product is not worth the money and your headaches.While uploading your fiiles, it will freeze.When you try and connect to your system it will freezeWhile playing your music it will just stop and turn off, and takes forever to get back on, after reseting it a number of times.So take some advice don't purchase this product.yes, it looks nice, and the gb might get you, but it does nothing as it should.
When my joybee came I was very excited and thought it looked very slick and neat. Well the thing stopped working the same day I got it. The usb wire never worked in the first place and the player itself broke a bit later. This is from carrying it in my pocket for 4 hours btw, not even playing it. Not running, not jogging, walking in a store with loose fitting jeans. I'm hoping for everybody else I just got a dud but I'm not taking any chances.While it did work it was decent, not the best but decent.I'm now in the process of trying to get my money back. I don't even want another product by this company. I just want my money back so I can buy a player that won't break.
I was hoping to use the pad so that I can attach my phone to the dashboard of my car. However, it is so weak that it barely holds onto dashboard. Of course, I can just forget about attaching anythingelse.  NOTHING STICKS TO IT!!! I am only writing this review so other people won't waste their money like I did.  Please don't spend money on it.
Junck will not stick to the dashboard
The seller was great. It arrived as plained. The product docent deserve one star but I felt that I needed to put something. Don't waste your money. It was very thin and smooth and would not hold anything. I hope the seller would try the product out before selling it. I wouldn't even sell a product that would not perform.
I bought 5 of these and now I'm returning them for a refund.  Put 1 in my car overnight and the next day all 4 sides are curling up about an inch.
Not a bad pad,, but cost way too much. you can probably do better shopping at the big chains and save money.
Melted when expose to sun. I just use the pad for one day and now my car have permanent mark on the console.
This pad non stick at all?????!!!!!i'm very disappointedanyway i keep because this is too muchtrouble for me to sent back to you
This sticky pad does not work.  One side is stickier than the other.  The "more sticky side" will hold light weight objects at a slight angle but definitely not at a perpendicular angle as do other (but smaller) sticky pads do.  The "less sticky" side will not hold these objects.  I suppose the less sticky side is supposed to be face down, and  does a poor job at that.  I'm returning these pads ( bought two).
i couldn't get this to stick to my dashboard. it just wouldn't stick! when i placed anything on it the object would stick to the pad but when i lifted to object the pad came with it. i was going to return the item but it isn't worth the return postage. don't buy this item!
It's not sticky at all, slides all over the place on the dash of a brand new clean car... very disappointed
I bought a small Sticky Pad from AutoZone that worked quite well. It was made from a rubbery plastic and had a raised edge around it, but was too small for my new car. Auto Zone no longer carries the large Sticky Pad so I found this one on Amazon. This costs twice the price of the smaller one, but is made of cardboard and isn't sticky! The Jelly Sticky Pad would probably stick better but still doesn't come in a large enough size for me.
After receiving the sticky pad, it wasn't sticky enough to keep my phone from sliding around on a pretty horizontal dash. Got progressively dirtier and less sticky as time progressed. I would not suggest wasting your money on any product like this.
I bought this to use when I went running. At first glance it is not a bad product, it has some cool features, etc. It has an incredible battery life and is small and lightweight. The interface is a little cumbersome, but I pretty much got the music playing and left it on. The problems with the interface were not anything that couldn't be dealt with.My gripe is with the low quality. I bought mine nine months ago and already it is broken. The off button is stuck down. I didn't do anything that would have caused this like dropping it or smashing it against something. I mean this is for sports use, right? I don't see how it could survive much more than a slow stroll around the neighborhood.I called support about this issue. They said that it was due to consumer damage and not covered by the warranty. There was no known issue with that particular part. I was to send it back along with $99.95 to get it fixed/replaced. That is what I paid for it in the first place. I am not going to spend another $100 to get the same inferior product back. I will by something else that is a little sturdier.By the way, the call to support wasn't even toll-free. You would think that a big company like RCA would have better customer service. On the plus side, the rep that I talked to was very nice.
I cannot give this CD player a good review at this point. I bought it for my son for Christmas. It worked for only half a day and then it would not read the disc. It said "no disc." I returned it and got another. This one said "no disc" from the get go. I have to send this one back too. The look is great and my son loved it when it worked!
We bought this player in 2005 thinking that a product with a "sports" label would make it more durable. Wrong. The player unfortunately died within a matter of months, after the guarantee had lapsed.Not only doesn't the CD player work. The AM/FM radio tuner is also a complete dud.We have not had very good luck with Coby products and will not be buying them any longer.
After just a few months of using this item, the only thing that works is the radio. Don't waste your money on this, huge disappointment.
The player stopped working after less than a month.  The manufacturer says it must be returned through the retailer.  Amazon won't take it back.  I guess I'm out of luck.
I just received this radio and the cd and remote does not work what the hell i hate it so much....disappointed
I'm more mad at myself than anything.  I read the reviews and knew that some people claimed the cassette player didn't work.  They were right!  If the box hadn't inadvertently been destroyed, I would have returned it.
Product failed after about 45 days.CD player fails to drive to CD Track.End product review.
The first one of these I bought was defective right off the bat, with an unworking CD Player.  I returned it and received another one.The second one I received ate two of my cassettes, as the tape got caught around one of the mechanisms.Amazon.com was great about the returns, but I would not buy this product.
A piece of junk. I don't come on here usually to complain about stuff, but this didn't last more than a few days. It felt junky right out of the  box, so I saved the box to be able to return it if I need to. Guess what? Not a week past, and it was on the way back to Amazon!
When i got this it worked perfectly and the remote is very handy. Arfter a week it woulndt play cds, but it would do the radio function but i never used the cassete function . I was dissapointed because i bought it mainly for the cd function and the remote.
I purchased the Coby Portable with the remote November 10, 2011.  It only worked a couple of months.  I do praise dance at my church and really needed to be able to rehearse so I purchased the item.  After a couple of months the CD player stopped working and the cassette player stopped working - I have a cassette in that I had to resort listening to and now I can't even open that to retrieve my cassette.  I am so very disappointed with the product and the fact that I lost my money on such a lousy investment.
The CD player of this never worked right.  I have barely used it and it will not play a CD at all. I have it for my classroom and I am the only one who puts CD's in it.  The CD never plays...I have tried everything.  I will not buy a product from you again.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!
coby products are disposable and not even  worth the investment as such.  Buyer'S Beware purchasing coby products will certainly lead to Buyer's Remorse!!!  cheaply made, they fall apart almost upon arrival.  that's everything  from walkmans to full system stereo.  there is no workmanship put into any of the crap.
Poor quality.  Did not say in description that it only recorded from CD or radio.  I wanted to use it to record meetings on cassettes.in addition to playing CDs.
I purchased a CD player to play CDs.  Out of the box it wouldn't work.  Then I was told it couldn't be returned.  It took three weeks before a shipping label arrived and that might make it too late to get credit as it had to be returned in 30 days.  I sent it back as soon as I was in receipt of the label.  I protested through my credit card company.  I am not pleased and will probably never use Amazon again.  Not a good start to this relationship
this unit is fine for the radio (just okay sound) and cd player but not at all good for the tape player, it's already destroyed two of my "old" tapes.  It's not worth the money to send it back so I'll continue to use for the CD and Radio but SERIOUSLY, don't use the tape player!!!
I'm sorry for this review,but each one of my kids gets ONE Christmas gift...... I ordered this item in plenty of time and never got it....So one of my kids had nothing under the tree. Think twice before using this company...It's a shame... I have NEVER had a problem with anyone else! A VERY SAD MOM AND CHILD! Elizabeth M Storms
We used the CD player one time.  The next time we attempted to use it, it would not play the CD. We ended up having to return it because it was defective.
this boombox sux and the remote is useless it only changes the songs for the cd! and it doesn't even turn the thing on or off...waste of money!
Why is Amazon still selling Coby products? this is garbage, the cassette doesn't play at proper speed and the CD often plays only certain tracks. This is pure trash and not worth a dollar.
Clearly I wasn't needing a high-end CD/cassette player when purchasing this.  I was hoping that by keeping it in one place (not moving it around) and dust-covering it between uses - "uses" meaning about 30 minutes daily - that it would have a decent lifespan.  Initially, it was perfect for what I wanted; however, after one month, the 2 woofers sound disconnected (no bass, all treble) and the vocals on music CDs are no longer balanced with the music - unintelligible and somehow over-reverbed.  I do not recommend anyone purchasing this.  I would rate it a zero if that was an option.
I received it and the CD player part did not work.  I went to Amazon's website to return it and could not.  One place said it was returnable and then when I tried to get the information it said it could not be returned. There was no a place I could call for Amazon or e-mail.  I was very disappointed.  I had to spend more money to send it to the manufacturer to get it repaired.  I am still waiting to see if it can be repaired.
I bought this item this May 27. It worked fine until about a week ago when the tape player began to slow distorting the sound. I called and the company was willing to to take the item back and give me a new one. However, I would have to include a $10 money order with  the item and pay about $12 to ship ship it. I paid close to $40 for the item. It now costs about $30. Obviously, not worth it to get a new one. Bad mistake to buy the item.
I was very disappointed in this product.  The CD player was not working within days.  I will try to find a way to return it.
It arrived alright, but the bloody cassette player doesn't work! I'd advise not to buy it, not  unless you want to get a whole pain in the neck in returning the product, and have to gamble on getting another one ersatz maybe. My advise don't buy the:Coby Portable CD/Radio/Stereo Cassette Player/Recorder with Remote Control CXCD250, Silver!!!
I have never left a review before but this item was so bad that I have to warn others! I'd rate it zero stars if I could. What a waste of time and resources. It's sad that companies knowingly produce products that are designed to be garbage. I bought this boombox for my elderly neighbor to listen to her collection of audio-cassette tapes. All the boombox was successful in doing was destroying her cassettes. Don't cheap out like I tried to do! Don't buy this item. Spend a little more money and purchase something from a reputable company instead. That way, you might get a product that actually works.
I was very excited about this product because it is hard to find an affordable CD/cassette player these days.  However, during my first time using it the CD portion of it malfunctioned and I had to return it.  I'm not sure if this happened during shipping or is just faulty but I returned the product immediately.
The CD player stopped working after 6 weeks.  Past the time allowed toreturn it.The tape player still works fine.
I bought this mainly for the cassette player because they are hard to find these days and I have a lot of tapes.  As soon as I got it, the tape player would play but would not rewind or fast forward so in other words I can't use it.  I called Amazon and they gave me a full refund and said I didn't even have to send it back.  One star for the player, five stars for Amazon!
I didn't like the quality of this cd player. The sound was very poor. Also, the way the cd player opened was very awkward. In my opinion it would be worth it to buy a slightly more expensive, better quality cd player than this one. I don't recommend buying this item.
BEWARE!!!!This player eats tapes. It doesn't matter if the tapes are old or new. I have been using this player for about 2 months, not even every day and the tapes started getting stuck. I have never messed with any part of the inside of this player. There si no reason for this except that the player is poorly made.
The CD player doesn't work. I am attempting to exchange or return this now, but I see that the return option is not available for this device.
I purchased this cassette player for my son's wedding to play some old family songs. The wedding was out of town and I had this item sent. Upon my arrival to my room I opened the box and tried to play the tape, as we had limited time. The tape would not play with or without batteries, nor plugged in. We were very disappointed and lost some of the excitment that our plan was not going to be a success.  Upon leaving the location, I left the player there as I could not see dragging it all the way home just to return.  Lesson learned.
I purchased this for my daughter for christmas. The first time we plugged it in-the cd would not play- it just hummed and then the machine started smelling like burnt plastic. The kicker is that we cannot return it to amazon -apparently. I made the mistake of not checking out the return policy- so now we are out 29.99 plus we have a child who is horribly disappointed. Caveat Emptor?!
It stopped working, and I tossed it out.  The CD player died very quickly.  The remote did not work.  Total waste of my money.
After owning this product for less than two weeks, it has "eaten" three different tapes.  If you are purchasing this item and plan to play cassette tapes - I would not recommend.
This item came with no power cord. I called COBY customer service to have one delivered and they refused. The item will be returned and I won't shop this company again!
All I needed was a cheap CD player to play white noise in my kid's room.  Thought this was a good deal, but 3 weeks after I received it, the CD player stopped working.  What a waste.  You'll want to buy this, you really will, but don't.
Poor quality sound, even worse with cassettes which is why I bought this. Difficult to tune dial.
After reading some reviews, I was skeptical but I thought others were harsh - after all there were some good reviews.  If I hadn't waited 6 weeks to use it, I would have returned it.  The CD player basically does not work - it searches for the CD but can't find/recognize it.  We purchased it to play lullabies for our new baby but the sound is so poor we feel that it is not a good idea to use for her.  I would not buy again and would not recommend it.
I am using this cd/cassette player in my classroom and after 4 or 5 weeks the play button  is not working on the cassette player.  I am very disappointed in the quality of this item!
I put in a cassette and pressed the play button and the button would not stay down.  When IHELD the play button down the cassette would play.  A defective unit.  Very disapointed!
I took a chance on this despite seeing some negative reviews because I needed a cassette/CD combo play - I am sorry I did. Besides the product having a very cheap feel, it ate the first two tapes I put in. Had to return it one day after taking it out of the box.
Couldn't use an electronic device without a chord,  Big hassel
i bought it to listen to tapes for work purposes and it played the tape one time, and then never played any tapes ever again.  the cd player works still, but i do not recommend to others.
I purchased this item for use in my classroom.  It worked great the first week.  I should have called customer no service sooner because the warranty for the radio part is for 30 days....but the plug has a warranty for a year.  Unfortunately the plug is not the problem...it's the speakers........ that don't work!  Don't waste your money!
This product had all the features that I wanted but could not keep "on station".  After a short time of use (less that half an hour) it would wander off the station.  The FM tuner was not able to lock on a station.  I would not recommend this product if your primary use is to listen to radio.
Do not buy this item! It was broke the first day we got it. Very disapointed with the product...never again.
I bought this because I needed a cassette player for my daughter who is taking singing lessons. Out of the box I noticed it was cheaply made and felt fragile. The cassette player ate the first cassette. I was able to extract the ribbon and rewind. I inserted a second cassette and it ate that one also. The ribbon was broken upon removal.
I bought this cd/tape player 45 days ago from Amazon and it seems like the product is not working properly. I have lost 2 audio tapes already as it got stucked inside while playing. I called the Coby company for an exchange or fix. They advised me to send them Money order of $12.00 for shipping charge. It does not make any sense as I have alredy spent $29.00 to buy this item. Their customer sevice is not good and it seems like they don't care. I would suggest anyone to aovid Cobby products.
I'm very disappointed.  I bought it for the cassette player and it works fine.  After I threw away the packaging I tried to play a CD.  Nothing happened.  I tried to return it but according to the return policy I can't.  I can't even exchange it because I don't have the "original packaging".
I have never written a bad review.  If something I buy doesn't meet the expectations, I let it go.  But in this case I have to say that this stereo is nothing but a piece of junk.  Within one week, the CD player totally quit.  I went to the tape player... and it never worked.  I have been listening to the radio for the last months and now it comes and goes.  I have it at work and tomorrow, it is going into the trash.  The only thing that worked was the remote... but it's pretty useless without the CD player.  Bottom line review... a 1 is too good for this machine.  Don't waste your money.
I would not recommend this product at all. The CD player seems to work, but the cassette play does not play at all and the reception on the radio is lousy.
I bought this it hade a problem with the CD it made some funny nose in middle of playing  I tried a different CD and same problem so I called them and they told me that I could return this but I will have to pay the shipping to them so I tried to go to the store were I purchased it  I retuned it and they gave me a new one. But with the new one I hade anther problem that the tape that I put in get stuck and winding and ruined don't buy from coby they sell junk and broken items
I purchased 2 of these, my fault for not reading the reviews first. One was for myself and the other a gift. Both of these would play CD's but not tapes. The tapes would play but instead of going to the take up side the tape would fill the inside of the machine untill it was full then quit working. A real hassle to get out. I thought the problem may have been the age of the tapes I have so I purchased some brand new tapes and they did the same thing. Live and learn I guess. Amazon did accept my return and has promised a full refund, maybe they will elimante this product.
First I tried the Belkin FM modulator, then I exchanged it for the cassette adapter. My car spit it out of the tape deck across the console. After that it started to work, but would only play music out of the left speakers! Piece. of. crap. Belkin needs to get their act together. I bought a sony tape adapter [...] works perfectly.
Dont buy this adaptor, it is a complete waste of money because it doesnt work. The music from your CD player or ipod has really low volume and alot of static. It is because this adaptor was poorly designed and doesnt make good contact with the tape head. I tried this in different cars and at home, doesnt work. I bought a second, big mistake. Read all the other reviews, they are accurate. Dont ever buy Belkin, it'sbetter to throw your money away in the street.
After shelling out $40 for a TuneCast that was very good at consistently delivering quality static through my car stereo, I thought there was no way anyone could muck up a cassette adaptor.  I was wrong.  This time, I can hear my iPod music, but only through the left speakers.  It's great, because I always thought a lot of those old Beatles songs would've been great if Sir George Martin didn't have to go and add all that extra instrumentation on the right side.
Picked this up at Target iPod center for the same $20 Amazon is charging and after a week it's going back as defective. The first thing it did was jam itself inside my tape deck where it was only removable with a pair of needle nose pliers.However, it did at least work, kind of, if you stared at it right and made the proper sacrifices. It had good sound when it wasn't randomly reversing directions or attempting to eject itself. The problem is that it spends way too much time doing those things. If only it had worked consistently the fact that it was a permanent part of my car stereo without aid of pliers and brute force wouldn't have been such a drag...
The Belkin Cassette adapter is absolute junk. I put it in my tape player and I had to stick my finger in there and jiggle it around to get stereo--hit a bump and you have to jiggle it again. Then, on a cold morning, it won't play because it gets tight so the cassette player keeps switching sides! This thing is a total waste of money. My last cassette adapter came with my Sirius radio and worked perfectly for over a year until I sold the car.
Originally I wanted to purchase a Sony cassette adapter for my IPod mini, but the local Target store had them priced at $29.00. The Belkin adapter was cheaper so I bought it instead - BIG MISTAKE !! I think the first indication as to how bad this product really was happened when my car cassette player literally spit it out and shot it across the passenger cabin in my car. Was my cassette player trying to tell me something ? I think so ! The adapter was reinsterted into the cassette player multiple times before it finally found the exact perfect fit to produce quality sound. I eventually purchased a Phillips cassette adapter for my iPod mini, and it works as intended. Shame on you Belkin for making and selling such a poor piece of equipment.
I bought this adapter and returned it the next day. There was an annoying clicking sound the tape made every 5 seconds and the audio quality seemed below average.
Sound quality was very poor -- for the four days it actually worked.  Found a site that had the Philips unit --cheap! Bought that over 9 months ago and even with the current cost of gasoline, I'm still loving my iPod, car and daily commute![...]
My cassette adapter worked, squeakily, for about 4 months, but now constantly autoreverses until my player ejects it.  The cassette shell now has a lot of tiny bits of shredded rubber in it.  I hope that's from the adapter, not my player
This is a real piece of junk.  I purchased it to work with my iPod Nano.  I don't drive that much.  Maybe 45 minutes per day and after about 2 months, it had started making a clacking sound as the wheels turned.  Not a huge deal because I'm mostly listening to audiobooks, but annoying nonetheless.After three months, it would get spit out from the cassette player every 30 seconds or so.I replaced it with a Sony adapter that was $29.00 at Target.  Not only does this one work, but it made me realize just how crummy the audio was from the Belkin piece of junk.  Many other reviewers comment on only playing one bank of speakers and that was a problem I had as well.
As the other reviewers reported, this cassette does not work.  It simply does not fit in my cassette player.  I've tried other cassette adapters that did work in my player, so this was a major disapointment.  Also be warned that the Belkin radio transmitter for the iPod does not work either.  I'm oh for two with Belkin's iPod products.
I feel a little bad giving 1 star, but since the device didn't work at all in my tape-deck, I can't really give anything higher. I drive a 2003 Toyota Prius, with the factory tape deck. I spent twenty minutes or so doing various (essentially voodoo) techniques to get my tape-deck to recognize the cassette adapter. No luck. It was, however, very simple to return. I am relatively tech savy, and have used several cassette adapters before, so the problem is one of compatibility rather than user error (the device is nothing if not straight-forward). I might note that my brother uses the same cassette adapter in the factory tape-deck of his '96 Land Rover Discovery and it works just fine. So perhaps only Toyota drivers need be cautious. Whatever the case, good luck.
After a while it stops working after raising the volume it shuts down completely and won't come back on at all
Absolutely 100% awful.  Do NOT waste your money.  This is the second Belkin product that I have regretted buying.  Finally, yesterday, I threw it directly in the trash.  It was virtually impossible to listen to my iPod at a normal volume because I had to drown out the constant clicking and fading caused by the tape component.  Save yourself the trouble -- check out the Sony CPA 9C -- MUCH better -- you can hear your music, not the tape.
I've purchased two of these adapters from Belkin. Both of them broke after a couple weeks of use. My cassette player consistently ejects the adapter after about five minutes of use. I wish I had read these reviews before purchasing.
I bought the Belkin because it is the "standard" brand for Ipod accessories.  I should of read the reviews...  doesn't work with Bose factory sound in my 2003 Maxima.  Insert adapter and it switches from side 1 to side 2 and then ejects.  I tried an XM radio tape adapter, and a Sony tape adapter and both worked.  So it isn't the factory sound, it's the Belkin cassette adapter.  Save yourself 20 bucks and find another brand.
I wish I'd read these reviews before buying this dog. It got a great write-up in the NY Times (talked about how the simple cassete mechanism avoided all the problems associated with FM based ipod to auto adapters). But it just auto-ejects from my car. I'd be wary of using it in any car with auto reverse and auto eject, which is probably most cars.
and it just spits out the cassette unpredictably every minute or so.  Plus the sound was kind of wavy.
For the Holiday's I got an iPod Nano and also received this adapter for the car. It worked for the first two days and then got all messed up. Now, when you listen to it, it can either listen to it with static or you can listen to a song without the vocals. It is so irritating. Please, save your money and buy something that will work!
I tried two - I thought the first must be a fault, but neither worked in my Multipla. The tape didn't go into the deck properly and I could only get out again with a lot of fiddling.
I've spent nearly 100 dollars on Belkin related accessories for my iPod and they all have disappointed me greatly.  The tape seems to flip sides about 3-5 times through every song.  I will never purchase another Belkin product again.
I was happy with this product for a while, occasionally using it in a Subaru Forester with no problems. Then I got my own car, a Mitsubishi Diamante, and it just spits the thing out. I was really frustrated until I saw that pretty much everyone else on the Internet can't use it either. Was this thing even tested?
This product is the worst purchase I have made for my ipod.  I thought if I purchased the more "expensive" tape/adapter I would have a better chance at it working well in my car.  Boy was I wrong.  This thing NEVER worked.  My cassette player in my car continually spit this out.  I ended up going to buying the $9.99 RCA adapter at Kmart which worked perfectly in my car.  Don't bother with this worthless thing.  Buy the cheaper RCA adapter and you will save yourself $10 and have a product that works.
This product is not what we call now days portable. It's very big and noesn't have a friendly look. The screen doesn't lit, and only holds 8 caracters for a song, which means that it doesn't show you the name. Not compatible with USB 1.1. I think I have being the only person who bought this, and ran out of time to return it.
I recently purchased these screen protectors as they are practically the only solution for the Zire 72 on Amazon. What a Mistake!!!!!!!! What I recieved was a pack of Screen Protectors that did not even list the Zire 72 as compatible. I measured them against the screen and they are definitely too big. That's the first complaint. The second is that the instructions are full of cautions that indicate that your digitizer might not respond if not installed properly and that your screen can be permanately damaged. The reason I bought this in the first place was to protect my screen not scratch and damage it!!!! Second complaint is the method with which this is supposed to stay on the screen, it is suposed to be stuck under the four edges of the screen!!!!!!! I do not recomend this at all!!!! Having had more than 20 different PDAs over the last few years and having tryed all types of screen protectors this is not the best solution. A Palm V I had, had the screen not responding after installing this type of protector!!! My third complaint is customer service. This item is sold by Pocket Solutions and not really by Amazon so all complaints and returns have to be filed directly with Pocket Solutions. They did not respond to my email complaining that the screen protectors I recieved were the wrong ones I figured as they did not mention my unit but I suspect they have a ton of emails to complain about the quality of this product!!!!HOW DO I RETURN THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Be careful, all service requires mailing to Hong Kong!  My L1 stopped working within 3 weeks without dropping or jarring it and now I have to mail it to Hong Kong.  Customer Service was unable to diagnose anything to help it other than to try to reset it and format the drive, neither of which worked.  I've never had any serious problems with any electronics that I bought before, so I went with a cheaper brand, but the savings and features do not make up for poor craftsmanship and now the cost of international mailing for repair.
my honest opinion is that this product was not all that it was said to be.  it worked fine for the first couple of weeks then when i wanted to turn the device on it would not turn on but the hard drive was running.
My MP3 player got repaired within 2 months. I am very unhappy to have a product (MP3 player) after RMA. It has come out with so many scratches on the display a old piece (its not because of shipping). Even though the product is under warranty, the customer service is very bad. A product in US within warranty period will be replaced for a new one for betterment of the customer but this goes to Hongkong for any repairs. This is the last time I purchase a product from FRONTIER LAB and will ask my well-wisher not to purchase any product from 'FRONTIER LAB' -Very sorry for saying this: A POOR CUSTOMER SERVICEThanks for all the problems I had with a worth of $230 purchase. Its a mere waste for me.
It would be nice to know who manufactured this item. I would be more inclined to purchase.
I bought this CD player because the package said "Jog Proof" and I needed a good CD player to use while I walk. Well, I tried it out today with fresh batteries and everything and I could not even walk without it skipping. It was a mess. I am so bummed. I had to stand still to listen to the CD without skipping!
Unlike some of the other reviewers, my anti-skipping mechanism did work. However the player lid does not open sufficiently for the batteries to be pryed out of the all-too tight battery well. And this thing does eat batteries!I was on my third set of batteries when I broke the tiny plastic hinge on the lid trying to get the batteries out with a knife. I threw it out in disgust. Very poor design.
piece of junk.. can't even bike ride either wo. it skipping! now have to pay for shipping it to emerson to and back from them.. now should I risk 10 more dollars for them to send me the same piece of junk refurbished??
That was unfortunately a piece of junk. Don't waste your money on it.Customer service was lacking too. It's already in the trash bin for a while.
Despite repeated attempts as assembling this circuit both  with the parts provided and with a completely brand new set of parts, the op amp does not produce any boost in output voltage resulting from input signal differences. I ultimately was able to produce a vox of simpler design and without using an op amp, but using just 3 triode transistors, 2 capacitors, and 6 resistors..
I bought this kit at an electronics store under the promise that using PWM it would slow down a DC motor without losing torque.  The documentation even said that if it detected a stall it would apply full voltage until the stall was removed, allowing the motor to continue operation.  After I built it, I had it verified by the tech at the store, and then I excitedly it up to realize that it, in no way, shape, or form, delivered on its promise.  Sure it allowed the speed of the motor to be decreased, but at a signifigant loss of torque too!  I couldn't use this in my application because at the speeds I needed, there was not enough torque to turn the motor.The documentaion is very condescending, claiming that the company knows the kit works as advertised, and if it doesn't, then it must have been assembled incorrectly, but they provided some free phone support.  I contacted the manufacturer to discuss why it didn't work, and the "engineer" I spoke to said I was confused in what it was supposed to do, or that he didn't know how it worked.  Either way, he was no help what-so-ever and offered no resolution.I put the controller on the shelf and then had another use for it a few months later where torque wasn't a big deal, this time controlling a DC centrifugal blower.  It didn't work on that either.  I took it back to the shop to get an explaination, and was told that the blower porbably converted the DC current to AC internally, so it wouldn't work in this case.  Again, useless.  Not as advertised.
I converted mine to a Crystal controlled receiver, but onlysince I had the parts on hand. I may rebuild a new VFO later.The VFO drifted so bad that it was nearly unusable.
When I bought this product, I was excited about all of the functionality it had in one device. However, it broke within a couple of months so it didn't seem like very good quality. I would stay away from this MP3 player, especially since others are better quality and have come down in price.
I strongly DONNOT recommend this manufacturer. The worst customer service I've seen in the web by iclick. After 2 moths of wait to get the replacement of my brand new, non-operating iclick 256 MB mp3 player, I received one of a lesser quality.
This cheap plastic peice of junk is really not worth its small pricetag. It takes literally 30 seconds to change tracks, it has a horrible interface, and despite the pictures, it is actually much larger in your hand than it would appear. It features horrible audio quality and comes with the worst sounding earbuds I have ever heard. Stear well clear. This is one purchase you will regret.
After a whole bunch of emails to tech support to figure out how to get my music on the mp3 player, it worked fine... and i was happy... or so i thought.... the battery life is more like 4 hours per battery, and 31 days after i bought this, it broke.... it won't work, and after a week of emailing tech support, i still have yet to receive a response... and amazon.com will not accept a return on this product because it was more than 30 days... DO NOT BUY THIS!!! It's a waste of money. find something better
This player worked poorly out of the box and has some kind of glitch in reading MP3 files. The support that came with the player had zero Mac info, ie user's manual, how to quickstart, etc. The website also has very limited Mac info. I had to call tech support to get them to send a PDF file of a users manual. The tech support staff may know a lot about PCs, but know diddly about Macs. This isn't a crime in and of itself, but if you are going to advertise a product as Mac compatible, it should be supported. They claim that they will have their Mac act together in a month or so, but what does the purchaser do in the meantime? Again, stay away from this one. I will be returning mine very soon!
There are three main problems with this player. 1) Outrageously bad earphones. These are the ones you can get off ebay for 99 cents, straight from a slave-type factory in china. They get zero bass, that's right: zero base. 2) Battery life and problems. The battery life is less than 8 hours. This thing should be using little battery- it has a very small screen and uses non-rechargable trip-a batteries. If this thing was chargeable and lasted this long, I wouldn't have a problem with it. But it eats up batteries like a fat man's remote. The other SERIOUS problem is the battery falling out. It falls out just slightly and turns the thing off. I had to put a piece of tape over the battery and then put the backlid back on it to keep it in. And when I have to replace the trip-a battery every couple days, it gets annoying. 3) Connection problems. It does not work with Mac as advertised. I've tried the settings they recommend and they do not work. I've tried every different setting and nothing works. Don't leave the 'hold' button on when trying to transfer- or it will mess up all the songs and make them untransferrable to another computer let alone not playable. Point of the story, I would give this an F if it were not for the decent sound (and I mean decent, I'd give it a c+ at best) when I use my real ipod earphones with it. D-
The first thing that happened was the ear phones broke; they literally came apart in pieces as I was removing them from my briefcase.  So I bought a good set and enjoyed nine months of flawless operation.  Then one day out of the blue, the player would not turn on.  Now that the player was out of warranty and I am an electronics technician, I decided to take off the cover and test the internal battery.  The battery was almost fully charged.  So, I started searching the net for help.  Seems many other people were / are having similar problems... one day for no reason many U2's just refuse to turn on.  I tried ( many times ) the recommended and convoluted resetting / reflashing procedure that is SO complicated it is doomed to failure.  My U2 still refuses to turn on.  So I can not recommend this player because of the short life span it might have for you.  Seems the last bit of pleaser I will get from this (relatively) pricy gadget is to SMASH it into a million pieces with a very BIG hammer.
I bought this Mp3 player about 5 months ago and it just stopped working. I did nothing to it to provoke it to break. It has a 1 year warranty by iaudio, so I have spent the last 3 days trying to get a hold of the company, but quess what! they don't exist! A phone number leads you to a website that dosen't work, how convienant for cowon to be ripping off consumers with thier crappy products. STAY AWAY FROM ALL COWON PRODUCTS. i just lost 100 dollars!
This is the first mp3 player I ever bought. After much researching I decided on the iaudio U2 512MB as it fit my needs and the reviews rated it as excellent. On day 1 I figured out how to load CD, which was relatively simple. On day 2 I used the player, it worked and sounded great, simple to use. I decided to load in some more music- I got 1 CD on- then it stopped working. DEAD. Won't turn on- just DEAD. Does not seem to be the battery, unless the battery life is the 45 minutes that I used it and it won't recharge.
I've used many flash based mp3 players in the past ranging from mpio to rio to iriver.  None were perfect but at least all of them worked without too much fuse.  Not so with the Lexar.The Lexar LDP players are rebadged versions of the Muro made in Korea with a few exceptions (ie., built in SD card capability).I original bought this player a little before Christmas.  I bought it mainly for the specs.  512mb with expandable sd card (1gb) and it was relatively inexpensive.  I guess you get what you pay for.  The FM transmitter is a joke.  The firmware is horrible.  I was on a 3 hour flight and in a 30 minute period I did 13 RESETS!!!  Most other players may freeze once a month... maybe.  And like the other reviewer said the controls are miserable to deal with.  There is no integration between the internal memory and the memory card.  You have to change to the sd card if you want to play the music on there and that's just a pain.  Then it never remembers to go back to the memory card.  Tech support is crap.There is supposedly a new firmware out.  Hopefully they've corrected these problems.  Heck, fixing the crashes/freezes would be a huge step.  Overall, I am now a proud owner of a black doorstop...  $130 door-stop.
Very poor documentation to use the player and the web site of Lexar does not support the unit.  Do not buy this device, you will be sorry.
I bought this player from J & R. It was a present for my wife.Because it was a present, I missed the ability to return this crap to J & R. They only give you two weeks.The most serious problem is that the player crashes all the time. It is also very difficult to reset the player once it crashes. My wife has to carry a needle to the gym so she can reset this stupid player every time it crashes.Lexar is impossible to contact for a return authorization.Other problems include a poor method of carrying the player. The lanyard around the neck is an incredibly poor design. I assumed one could tighten the fit around the neck, but no. It hangs down around her belly button and swings around all over the place: real intelligent.Navigation through the songs can crash the player. You have to pray before scrolling through your songs. There is no way to quickly jump to a song that you want. If you are on song #5 and you want to get to song #120, good luck. There is no way to get there. And then there is the poor design of the menu system. You have to arrange your songs in various folders during your computer interface. Then, on the player, you have to either choose one folder or all folders to play. If you choose one folder, you can't switch to a different folder unless you go back into the menu...very tedious.And the player is booby-trapped. If you switch from the radio to the player, and you don't hold the "record" button long enough, you will record off the radio instead of switching back to the player. Then when you do finally make it back to the player, it will play the song you just recorded from the radio and actually change any settings you previously selected from the menu. It is an incredibly stupid machine with poor navigation, poor design, lack of basic functionality, and extremely annoying.
I purchased an iAudio U2 MP3 player for someone as a gift.  On Amazon, they recommend this case as an accessory.  As already noted by another user, this case does NOT fit the U2 player and I am just re-emphasizing that point.  Do not buy this as an armband for the U2.
they don't care if the player breaks - no customer service at all!
I was gonna write a 5-star review when I first got it, based on size, battery life and features. But after a week it completely fell apart. The USB door fell off and then the control wheel fell off, during normal use. Sheesh! My particular unit was not defective, the problem is due to the extremely flimsy design.
I bought this MP3 player about two months ago.  Although it worked fine for the first month or so, I've been experiencing problems ever since.  None of my buttons function correctly and the thing actually seems possessed at times.  On the rare occasion that I actually get it to play songs, it will simply go haywire at random. In the middle of a song, it will begin switching back and forth from radio to mp3 and there's nothing I can do to stop it.  I've tried getting information off of the company's website, but it's just awful.  I cannot think of a product with which I am less satisfied.  If I hadn't spent so much money on it, I would have smashed it into pieces already.  Believe me, if I can figure out a way to get my money back, I will.  Save yourself the trouble, do what I should have done and buy an IPod or some other reliable product from a reputable dealer.  Good luck.
This is an absolutely dreadful product. It doesn't play well with Windows and you'll be lucky if you EVER get a response from Technical Support. Have been trying for weeks to get this to work and am about to throw it in the trash and write it off as a learning experience.
I bought this product as a Chritsmas present for my daughter. Talk about a disappointment. The product is cheaply made. Says Mac compatible on the packaging. What they fail to mention is that if you buy songs from the itunes music store and try to put them on the FY400, the player won't play songs in that format. And, if you drag songs that you have imported into itunes (not purchased on the music store) on to the fy400, the songs show up twice on the song list in the player. I tried mpio tech support and they were absolutely no help. Frustrating, to say the least.
I have had so many problems with my HD300, you wouldn't believe it! The software of this thing is incredibly buggy (so I've heard from friends, also about other MPIO products) and MPIO cannot be reached.Even if you have a guarantee, an MPIO guarantee is basically FAKE:MPIO ignores ALL customers' attempts to contact them!I'd AVOID MPIO products like THE PLAGUE; better buy something from the iriver brand!
I got one of these for Christmas and have spent the last few weeks trying to get it to work.  There are several major flaws i'd like to point out,-The original firmware is aweful and causes the HD300 to freeze up constantly.-The instruction on how to upgrade the firmware are incorrect.  You can eventually dig up the proper way on the internet, and it can be doen in just 8 or so steps involving multiple file copying and windows, but who wants to do all this?-The program that came with it is not the proper program for it, so half the functions don't work.-Once you get past all the freezing problems, and updating problems, then it has all these weird track recognition problems.-The instruction manual is completely useless and in most cases wrong.  I believe they just adopted manuals and software from a different product and never really tested anything.-I pushed the reset button on mine and it doesn't even boot up anymore, I guess I have to take it back
I'll have to agree with the other reviewers that the sound is good on this little mp3 player.  That's about all the good I can say about it though.  The user interface is not very intuitive and I could never get wma files to play on it - despite following the bare bones manual.  I even tried customer support - their 800 number was disconnected and they never replied.  Oh, well.  I'm just gonna return it and use the money for an iPod Shuffle instead.
I have never written a review before,but if it stops one person from buying this item, it is worth the time.  I read the reviews before I bought and people seemed pleased with this spongebob cd player.  I bought it for my son's 4th birthday (have had it only a week, but it has been doing this since about the 3rd or 4th day we owned it and I am the one who operates it, not my son) to play cd's on at night as he loves classical music to fall asleep.  It only plays barely one song and then flashes to error.  The speakers have decent sound for what we wanted and if we just wanted the am/fm, it would be fine, but it does NOT play cd's well at all!  We have the Miss Kitty cd player for my daughter and it is excellent, but this is just terrible that they are making money on this as we have found it to be virtually useless and poorly made.  We have tried several cd's and even skipping to the 2nd or 3rd song to see if it might "hold" and not error out.  Dont waste your money!  It is cute, but you are better off buying a regular cd player if this is what you are after or shopping around.  Hope this helps as the reviews I read sure didnt help me as they were more positive.  If I could give it 1/2 or even no stars, I would, but didnt want people to think I just forgot to rate.  It is not even worth a rating!  Good luck!
I ordered this for my son, as his very first radio/cd player.From the very first day we received it, it would not workthe radio is pure static, no matter where we move it inour house & the cd player will not play a cd, you putthe cd in and it will not even spin!! I contacted the company& they said they could not help me.Such a waste of money...I have asked for their help every year!!
It was a waste of money. Only on Napster could I get MP3 music that I could download on there. Really only used it a month straight before it stop working all together.
This mp3 player is very large, about the size of 2 PDAs stacked on top of each other.  The interface feels cheap and clumsy and when you insert the CF card, a tab sticks out the top about 3-4mm.  It would not read existing mp3s on my CF card, I think you HAVE to transfer them from your computer to the player via USB cable.  The display is LED and goes out after a few seconds to save on power.  I dont think I've ever seen a lower quality product than this.
this was the worst purchase i've ever made. you cant play music purchased off the i-net and you have to buy a special program to be able to rip music from CDs. i reccommend buying an ipod or spending your $ on video games. DONT BUY THIS ITEM!!!!!
I was really excited after reading the previous reviews on this product.  However, when I received my iClick it would not power up.  I returned it approximately two weeks ago to iClick & have not heard what the problem was.  So I have not yet had a chance to use my iClick.  So I wait and wait and wait.  No response from any of my e-mails requesting a report.
This product only worked for about 5 days, had to return for a refund. Dont take the time to order, unless you dont mind wasting time. I did receive full refund plus shipping, Amazon was good about that.
i have never purchased something that worked this poorly. every time it needed to be played, it had to have the battery replaced, even if it was within an hour. i called the technician and all he said was to format it. this would be easy if it didn't shut off constantly. i found it impossible. this had to be stated because either mine is defective, or it may be really the way an iclick operates. i know i'm returning it.
I thought the product was a bargain. Then, on my second day, the whole player kept on freezing when it reaches to play a certain file. The only way to unfreeze the player was to remove and put back its battery. But once it reaches the same audio file, either by playback or navigation towards it, the player freezes again. I deleted all audio files on the player and reloaded new files, but the problem persisted with the new set of files.
I followed the directions to a t. Unfortunately, my computer recognizes that there are files in the player, but the player doesn't.  No file is what it reads, yet when plugged in to the computer, it plays my playlist.  I then called the 800 number supplied by iClick.  They took my name and number, they will "get back to me". I should have known, you get what you pay for.
It does not work the way it is supposed to ... or the way it is discribed in the product discription. Also the search results (signal strength, directions etc...)are not reliable.you better stick to your laptop for locating the best signal strength and direction.
only picks up legacy A and B systems, no G or N Wifi Seeker Finder Chrysalis Wifi Seeker Finder Chrysalis
Opened fresh out of the bag, scanned just as advertised, but did not detect my 801.1g signal even when placed next to the wireless router.  It's only an expensive key fob with lights.
Had 3 of these for different rooms in the house, and despite very little use, they now all have the same mechanical failure:  The cd lid no longer shuts.  It springs upward rendering the cd player useless and the whole unit an eyesore because the lid is up in the air.  Other reviews I've looked at online also speak of it's very short life.  At the time I'm writing this, it says "unavailable" here on Amazon - let's hope it stays that way!
I think they are out of business now as their website has been down since at least the 1st of December but I sent $30 and my entire Laserpod kit to get it repaired and I have no way of getting a hold of them and it has been months and I have not gotten the Laserpod back and they cashed the check!
This device seems to be cool, but it is really useless. Very low power, noisy, and requires you to install lots of "audio files" for programming the stations. These audio files send data to the transmitter and reprograms it to the desired FM frequency you want to tune in your car. What happens is that if you put your device on shuffle mode, you do the math... Workaround is to delete these audio files, but you then lose the capability of tuning to a different frequency, in case you travel.There are other devices (Monster is great) that do the job seamlessly. Besides, this device is dedicated to the iPod mini and will not work on any other model. Other devices do a much better job in this case, especially the ones that use the universal iPod connector to interact with the iPod.
I bought this because it says modulator and that is what I expected and needed.  It is a transmitter NOT a modulator.  If you are looking for a modulator do not buy this, it is mislabeled/misadvertised.
I purchased a DLO flip clip for my ipod shuffle and am very disappointed with this product.  I used it for a while w/o a problem, but when it came time to charge my shuffle, I was unable to remove the flip clip to charge it.  I almost had to break it off, but ended up prying it off with a knife.  I thought maybe it had just been on for too long, but when I tried to use it again after charing it immideiately got stuck and I hade to pry it of again.  I can't use it anymore b/c I am afraid if I do I will break the ipod using it.  This product is obviously very poorly designed.  To top it off, the shape wasn't very useful anyway.  A lengthwise clip is hard to put on your shorts or belt for running.
The clip on this is located below the on-off switch on the back of the Shuffle and clips on so that the switch is at the top. This means that fully half of the shuffle is above where it is clipped on and the shuffle is easily knocked askew or off. I don't know why they didn't just turn the clip around so that the switch is on the bottom - it would have been much more stable.  Also, I keep accidentally pushing the play-pause button when I clip or unclip the Shuffle.  My advice: save the money you would spend on this and put it toward one of the new Shuffles.
No directions came with it and I can't figure out how it works.  Others are using it, so it must be possible, but simple instructions are a must.  I'm not a stupid guy; the function simply is not self-evident.
I recently purchased one and the first one would not turn on even though we changed the batteries a few different times. We exchanged that one for another one thinking it was just faulty. The next one allowed us to turn it on and even put A song on it. When we went to put more songs on it the computer would not recognize it. We persisted, we tried uninstalling and reinstalling the programs and reseting the computer but it just wouldnt work. We also returned that one. Dont buy this product. the user's guide is worth nothing and costumer service doesnt make sense. Even though this product seems to be a great deal dont buy it. Go for something from a company you already trust.
Recently purchased this item through Amazon Marketplace and I am stuck with something that doesn't work...I own the 512 mb version of this model and have used it for over a year without an issue...only use it for running because it is so small and clips easily to my waistband...this model has given me nothing but trouble since I took it out of the box 4 days ago...customer support has been a joke...if they tell me to download the firmware one more time....did it and still not working...won't play past the third song without shutting down or simply just stops playing any music at all...won't shuffle..keeps going back to the first song...waste of money.  Keep shopping for something else or just be sure that you can get your money back when it does not work properly!!!
Earlier this year I paid less than half that price from Apple!  they don't even make the 60 GB any longer.  Major rip off!
Why would you pay $599 for a 60GB iPod video when you can get an 80GB newer model with a larger display for just $249, and for $100 more ($349) you can get a 160GB version?!!This is CRAZY!!
I didn't want an ipod because I think it looks boring and when I saw the archos gmini xs 100 I thought it looked fun. Unfortunately, it's crashed twice and this time the hard drive has completely stopped working. Tech support takes forever to respond. I've since learned that many people have similiar problems with Archos. Do yourself a favor and just buy the ipod.
I tried this radio at an electronics dealer and could only get a few FM stations - the stations sounded exactly like analog AM/FM radio, but the analog AM/FM boom-boxes were able to get many stations. The Receptor HD had the supplied long-wire antenna attached, but is now being shipped with a 7-foot dipole antenna, which needs to be mounted high up and preferably outside; AM/FM analog radios just need the supplied internal ferrite-bar and whip antennas. In the case of HD Radio, the HD does not stand for high-definition, but hybrid-digital; HD Radio implements something called digital IBOC, which has only 60% the coverage of regular analog radio, poor signal penetration into structures, and causes adjacent-channel interference. When an HD receiver goes out of range of the digital IBOC signal, there may be a delay, as it switches back and forth to analog. HD Radio has extra HD channels, which evidentually, are just extra channels of low-bitrate streams of repetitive terrestrial radio. Save your money and get Satellite Radio, Wi-Fi Radio, or iRadio (iRadio will be appearing in Rokr E2 cellular phones), which have hundreds of stations; HD Radio just carries local stations. Wi-Max, or wide-area wireless access, will bring Internet Radio to portable devices, including automobile radios, by 2008. Sirius has just come out with the Stiletto, which receives Internet Radio via Wi-Fi hotspots, as Wi-Max will eventually allow for reception everywhere. Cingular and Sprint Wireless have 50 radio channels, available through their cellular phones, for a small fee. As a matter of fact, over 200 XM Satellite Radio and HD Radio stations are free on AOL Radio, so there is no need to buy expensive HD Radio receivers.HD Radio supporters have been touting that HD Radio is free, but look at the ridiculous price of this radio, compared to analog AM/FM radios; iBiquity, developer of IBOC, gets a percentage of the purchase price of this radio - you pay for HD Radio up-front. Plus, because HD Radio sales are doing so poorly, there is talk at Clear Channel about adding advertisements to the HD channels - you can bet, that is going to happen. A request submitted recently by Clear Channel, to acquire more radio stations was denied by the FCC, but it contained a report by J. P. Morgan that stated HD Radio would not generate revenue.The IBOC digital system is being forced on stations, by the likes of Clear Channel Communications, iBiquity, and the National Association of Broadcasters. The FCC did not even consider workable alternatives, such as, Digital Radio Mondiale, which is broadcasting in Europe and does not suffer the same technical problems as IBOC. Consumers can now have a voice, in keeping IBOC from dramatically increasing the interference on the AM/FM bands.
I purchased this unit is Dec. 2005 as a self Christmas present.  The unit slowly quit working.  I'm in Michigan where their are 25+ HD stations.  Anytime it recognizes an HD station, the unit will begin popping like crazy with no music.  It constantly turns itself off for no reason.  Half the time no sound through the speakers.  It looks nice, but rarely operates normally.  I have yet to call customer service, but save your cash.  It's not worth it.
My boss bought one of these a few weeks back and took it back by the end of the week. We all were very disappointed with terrestrial radio's new "gimmick". The stations were lousy and full of commercials. If i want to hear commercials i'll just save myself the $200 and listen to regular radio.Whats with the HD in the name? Nothing High Definition about it.Also, if you want real music variety, go ahead and pick yourself up SIRIUS SATELLITE RADIO. The units are very inexpensive now and for $12.95 you choose from Alt Rock (Weezer, Chili Peppers, Interpol) to Frank Sinatra, old metal, 80's 70s, and many other genres with NO COMMERCIALS.Terrestrial and HD Radio..... you get what you pay for.
As a previous owner of the non-hd receptor, this new HD version simply sucks. It picks up very FEW stations, the receiver is much less sensitive then the non-hd model. I took it back to tweeter, and went back to my old receptor which picked up everythign!
I live in San Francisco and have generally good radio reception.  This unit could not receive normal FM stations that table radios sitting right next to it could pick up... and I used the fancy "Dipole" antenna on the Boston Accoustics unit and the other table radios only had an internal antenna.The HD part of the radio is total junk.  Sometimes the audio "skips" and sometimes the signal is lost and reacquired (meaning 3 or 4 second drop-outs.)All in all, there's nothing good about this radio.  Don't buy it.
I purchased a refurbished Boston Acoustics Receptor HD Radio from Beach Audio. It was defective when I received it. I notified Beach Audio, got a Return Authorization Number from them, sent it back and received a refund immediately. A reputable seller, in my opinion.
This is a very expensive clock radio, and I bought it because of the HD capability.  I was very disappointed in its reception.  I placed it on the same spot on the nightstand where my $25 AM/FM clock radio had sat.  The cheap radio picked up all my AM/FM stations with pretty good reception.  The Boston radio could barely pick up the local PBS station.  My favorite local AM station sounded like it was in another state.  The engineers should go back to the drawing board.  This is a very expensive radio with a very cheap reception system.  It's hard to appreciate all the features of HD if you can't hear your station.  I returned the radio one day after receiving it.  I purchased it from Amazon and was very pleased with the entire transaction.  I never hesitate to buy from Amazon because I know they will take returns with no problem.  I hope I can find an AM/FM clock radio with HD that will really do the job.
I recently purchased the Receptor HD. Out of the box it was a fairly complex set-up. The antennas are totally inadequate. I am 10 miles across water from Seattle and neither antenna can pick up more than half the HD stations there. I have an Accurian from Radio Shack and it picks all the stations up with no difficulty using the same antenna(s) in the same place. And it cost 1/2 as much. The Receptor sound is "boomy". If you walk away from it, all you can hear is muffled booming. After 5 days, the radio quit entirely. Boston Acoustics was non-responsive to emails and has only a toll number with long waits to speak to anyone. They say they will repair it...but I must wait for an RA...and shipping is at my expense. Not a lot of confidence in their products! Listen and compare before you buy. The Accurian only lacks an input for external devices..and it sounds more balanced.
de K0UNX.  I know radios.I purchased the Recepter Radio HD a year ago, used it for a weekend and returned it immediately.  Even in the Denver market, with lots of very strong HD signals, this radio had trouble finding them.  I'd be listening to a strong station, and the radio would lose lock, go silent, and rebuffer before coming back to life.  This was one of the few HD radios available when I bought it.  I have since purchased a Sangean HDR-1 and love it.  Read my review under the Sangean HDR-1.
My local Radio Shack has this on display and I was so curious to hear the sound. I walked in with my Sony SRF-M37V (Fantastic FM/AM/TV/WB Walkman). The Receptor (Ironic that they gave it that name) was hooked up with a long wire antenna hooked in the middle of the 75 ohm coaxial connector. I could hardly pick up anything at all. The strongest station was weak and noisy. There was no way in the world I could pick up a digital signal since the analog wouldn't even come in. I figured the store must have a metal frame and that it interferes. So I decided to listen to my Sony and compare the sensitivity. Well, while the Sony also had problems picking up very clearly, at least it picked up all the stations and they were listenable. Comparing the hardly audible station I was able to pick up on the receptor to the same on the Sony, it was loud and clear on the Sony. I played with the wire, moved it around, no dice. I am only about 10 miles from NYC so the signals here are pretty strong BTW. (Teaneck, NJ).Well I couldn't believe that a $300 radio meant for picking up digital signals would have such horrible sensitivity that it was impossible to preview it in the store. Amazing how my $25 Sony walkman running on batteries and a short headphone cord for an antenna would pick up all stations with not much trouble while this radio only produced static and was totally unusable.Obviously after such a comparison, I wouldn't bother to take it home to test and be dissapointed with the terrible sensitivity. I live in an apartment and cannot install a huge roof VHF antenna to give this radio a good signal.Additionally I didn't particularly like the controls on this thing either...Maybe I'll wait till Sony comes out with an HD walkman. I understand that the HD chipset isn't mature yet and is undergoing miniturization and improvements. Version 1, not for me...Tek.
I am so disappointed with this radio.  I bought the factory refurbished unit because of the pledge on the website that it would be just fine.  I plugged it in and it worked for like 3 minutes, but the reception was bad.  So I switched to the dipole antenna, then no music ever played again, even though I can get 3 bars in reception--still no music.  I switched back to the regular antenna, but no music will play.  I have moved the radio and antenna around, and still no music.  I have unplugged it, but that doesn't help either.  I made sure all the plugs were tightly connected.  Did the amp blow out in 3 minutes?  Honestly, I am beside myself trying to understand why it won't work.Also, mine did not even come with the remote control.  What is up with that?????????This refurbished radio was a terrible disappointment.  It did sound great while it played, but this is ridiculous.  I am so stupid that I ordered the brand new one just to make sure I didn't get a lemon.  If I have problems with the new unit, I will let the forum know.------------EDIT 7/27/07I returned the refurbished model and bought a new one to replace it.  I am happy to report it works flawlessly and came with all parts.  I work in Miami Beach, and the reception is very good, even with the standard antenna.  I use the radio in my office, so I keep the volume at a low level throughout the day.  I had to turn the bass down to -6 because it is a bit bass heavy at factory settings, but now that I have, I think it sounds absolutely wonderful and still has enough low end to make for rich sounding music.  This radio is expensive, but overall I am very satisfied with the quality.
This technology is a waste of money. Once you are out of range, say goodbye to your HD radio. Soon to be on the scrap pile, I am sure.
I had high hopes when I purchased this radio from Crutchfield earlier this year. I heard the possibilities of 'CD quality' sound and multiple programming choices over the bandwidth. I have Sirius Satellite in my car and I thought it would be nice to have this for in home use. It was announced that Los Angeles was going to have the Triple A format back on the radio (via Emmis' KZLA-FM). It took several months after Emmis' announcement for KZLA HD2 to hit the airwaves, and not even three months after they signed on with the HD2 station (sounded like a lower quality internet stream to me...) they abruptly flipped the country station on the main FM to "Movin" (low class ethnic pop music) and dropped the Triple A HD2 Altogether and replaced it with the old KZLA format. Their decision to bring another pop station destroyed L.A.'s only chance to have a Adult Rock outlet, while at the same time killing L.A.'s only country station. I WILL NOT SUPPORT EMMIS nor HD RADIO as I feel it's a ploy to force listeners to buy this radio which is not all that good. While the sound of this radio is exceptional, save your bucks, get satellite radio (which sounds better and with true CD quality sound compared to the HD2 and HD3 streams) or get The Sangean WR-1 radio which is a whole lot inexpensive while providing the awesome bassy sound this radio also provides. I had hoped for better here, really do your research and make an informed decision. I will not be duped anymore by THE CORPORATE ESTABLISHMENT that wants you to buy this. Sirius in the car, Sangean in the house.  Peace - JG  *************P.S. - IT'S 2008, and AAA  radio is back on the air in Los Angeles with 100.3 'The Sound' (KSWD-FM) and the station is AWESOME on my Sangeon table radio. BTW - The Boston Acoustics STILL SUCKS... Glad it's been removed from the market. Radio was flawed from Day One. Peace - Joe 'Bear'
I received the radio promptly but could not plug it in, because the power cord was missing.  I rang up Amazon in hopes perhaps Amazon had the missing part, but no, I had to pack everything up and ship it back (try getting parking near the Alexandria UPS store.  Just try).  Could it be replaced, I asked.  No, Amazon told me, Amazon isn't carrying this model any more.  Talk about a lot of time and trouble wasted!
Summary by a 25 year old tech geek: Don't get this radio unless you win it somehow, even then, just sell it, it isn't worth your sanity and time.I got this radio as a present last year for Christmas.  I was excited because of the HD stations out there.  I wasn't disappointed in the HD, because I knew that HD for radios didn't mean High Definition, it means Hybrid Digital.  So it means it can receive analog and digital signals.  Its a slick marketing scheme with a few perks, so do your research before you buy anything electronic.  That being said, You can really only recognize a quality difference on an AM HD station on any HD radio.Anyways this radio in particular has never moved in the house since I received it, but it stopped turning on about 3 months after I got it.  Since even the analog signal receiver side it is in the digital circuit, nothing works.  The digital circuit is shoddy at best and is not intended to last long.  Now its just a great big paper weight.
Very "muddy" overdriven bass which you cannot trim out--even with the control. The manufacturer admitted to the problem in an e-mail to me. For the price, there should be treble AND bass controls, or an equalizer. FM reception was fair at best, but it was the huge bass component to the sound that prompted me to send it back. Cannot recommend.
This was a factory reconditioned unit.  It has developed a problem--echos occur when listening to HD stations
The tuner section of this radio is pitiful - totally unlike BA's mono radio upon which I incorrectly assumed it was based.  The radio is worthless to me.  I'm trying to find someone who lives next to a transmission tower to whom I can give it.
Bought one.  Just returned it today.1) Display cannot be turned off.  Way too bright to sleep next to, even at lowest setting.  2) Exagerated bass with no tone controls.  Bass roll-off settings (0 to -6) do not work.  Bass cannot be reduced.  The spoken word is unintelligable except at loud volume.  Not for listening to talk radio quietly as you go to sleep.  3) So called "presets" require button push and rotate.  Not a traditional one button push that you can perform in the dark.  Must view the display to use presets too.  Annoying!  4) No L-R speaker balance control.  Boston Acoustics prefers that you re-arrange your furniture, rather than provide this simple, basic, function.Overall, a sexy looking $300 nite-lite, because the sound is too bassy, and "thud-ing", to go to sleep with the radio on (voice or music) at any volume.  A radio designed for loud partying only...mixed with a clock and two sleep alarms?  Come on...get real.
I needed a nice clock radio and thought I would try an HD radio.  I've owned BA speakers for over ten years and have been very happy with them.  When I received the HD radio, I carefully unpacked it and plugged it in but no sound from the main speaker.  Returned it to Amazon the next day and purchased a $20 Sony clock radio.
First the good:-Had very long battery life. After the initial full charge, this unit lasted 28 hours without charging.-Was easy to use. Motorola decided to use modified Rio software for this player. Menus were clear and easily understandable.-FM Radio. The fact that it has one is a plus. It also had strong reception.-Volume. The volume was more than adequate. The sound was also good with decent headphones.Now the bad:-Had to immediately upgrade the firmware because of a bug which caused the player to freeze on the FM tuner. After the upgrade, this was fine.-Froze up or shut itself down occasionally for no reason when playing music (mp3) in shuffle mode.-Had slight hard drive access noise/interference in headphones.-Headphones were tinny sounding, with good quality headphones the sound was great.-Software. Rebranded Rio Music Manager software does not seem to be updated along with Rio new releases. Rio software will not recognize the player either.Overall this player would have gotten a 3 or 4 stars rating but you'll notice the review written in past tense. After a month of use (never dropped or jolted) the player stopped working. When I tried to power it up, the unit started beeping. After a few seconds the screen showed a message which read "UPGRADER". A call to Motorola customer support was unsuccessful in fixing the problem and they will be sending me a replacement. Support gave me no problems and were very helpful.After a Google search for "M500 UPGRADER", I realize I am not alone with these problems. I hope the new unit does not have the same problems and Motorola has worked out the bugs with this player.
Despite everybody's insistence that any mp3 players besides apple ipod & creative are lacking, I went ahead & bought one of these because of the price & I was never so disappointed.  I liked how it was designed, the joystick & the color, but these things are meaningless if the player doesn't work.  I charged the battery fully overnight.  It powered on & I loaded about 1GB of mp3 files.  Then it just died -- it wouldn't power on again & it also would not charge again, so I never even got to listen to it.  It is worth mentioning that I did install the most recent firmware before I transferred files.  Prior to purchasing this player, I searched for customer reviews & could find none (there were none on Amazon at that time).  After it broke, I found many reviews on a different website.  A lot of people (including some of the reviews before me here) said that they "like this player, but I had a problem with ...".  One person mentioned he was on his 3rd replacement due to defects & still said he liked it, but all of the "problems with ..." combined with my bad experience was enough to convince me to return it instead of exchanging it for another one.  I was very pleased with Amazon's serviceability with my prompt return, but I just can't recommend that anyone buy the m500 because it went defective before I even got to use it & I'm not willing to give it another chance until the mp3 player technology in general improves.  Since Amazon's customer service was so good, I spent a little more money & ordered an ipod from them which they shipped today & I am very optmistic.Update: I've been using my new apple ipod from amazon for about a month now & I love it.  I am puzzled by people who gave the m500 a positive review, but also mention that they had to call tech support or had some other problem with it.  If you are impatient & like quality, hassle-free hardware like I do, skip the m500 & get an ipod.
This CD has five instrumental songs and not one sound of a babbling brook. I was very disappointed.
I was very disappointed the purchase of the CD. My point of purchase was that I can hear running water its soothing all this CD has a whole bunch of annoying music no running water can be heard whatsoever. Very misleading would not recommend if you wanna hear nature sounds and running water.
This MP3 player was a waste of time and  money (fortunately only a little money).  The control buttons are too small and the "three lines" of text require a magnifying glass to read.  Worst of all, while the voice recording function did work, it would not store or playback any music files.The instruction booklet was written in very poor English and the instructions provided  were so brief that even when the poor English could be deciphered they were useless.  Online "help" is nonexistent. The only saving grace of this  MP3 was that it cost very little.This "MP3 player" is not recommended at any price; even if another was offered to me  for free I would not accept it.
The glass screen broke when my son had this in his pocket.  I asked him if he had banged it or fell down or anything like that and he didn't think so.  He was happy with it until that happened.  Normally I would think that glass was better than plastic, but in this case I think plastic would be better or thicker stronger glass.  It still works, but it is almost impossible to read the screen.
I FOUND OUT AFTER I PURCHASED THIS ITEM, 2 THINGS AS LISTED BELOW:1.  MACVISION SOLD OUT TO ANOTHER COMPANY.2.  ITEM I BOUGHT IS OBSOLETE AND NOT LISTED WITH NEW COMPANY.3.  EVEN THOUGH NEW (NIP)I WOULD NEVER BUY IN THE FUTURE A ITEM THAT IS NO LONGER MANUFACTURED.4.  I AM TOTALLY DISATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE AND GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY, I WOULD DUMP IT IN A MINUTE, (IT IS FOR A GIFT FOR MY GRAND DAUGHTER FOR EASTER)BOBBY
I bought this MP3 player mainly on price. The old saying, "you get what you pay for" is true in this case. The controls are cheaply made and very difficult to navigate. There is a "mode" button on the side that you use to scroll through the functions.It sticks constantly making it hard to go to different areas. You're better off spending a little more for a good brand like Sandisk. I sent this back and got a Sandisk.
I bought one of these mp3 players.  I like that it has an FM tuner and it's pretty small.  However, it rebooted itself every few minutes.  I decided that it wasn't really amazons fault so I returned it to Nextar (Mac Vision).  They said to send the player to them and that it would take 6 weeks.  OK, seems a little long, but I did it anyway.  Now they sent my old broken player back to me, with out the battery cover.  I have yet to hear from them about a replacement.  Every time I call, we are "disconnected" and every time I email them, I hear nothing.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!  Amazon should reconsider selling their products.
Got one free with $150 order from Staple.  The major problem with this player is that no matter how many songs you upload to the player, it can only play first 10 songs.  Sometime, it just hang so I have to take the battery out to turn the unit off.  You can buy something better if you pay just little bit more.  I gave this unit to my 5 year old.
This is very frustrating.  I bought this for my 11 yr. old.  Her B-day was yesterday.  She was excited about getting an MP3 Player and since yesterday afternoon, until this morning I have been trying to configure the stupid thing.I have windows XP OS so according to the "clear instructions" you don't even need the installation disk (but the firmware cannot be upgraded, no matter what you do).Twice a FATAL Error was caused on my computer.  The website (when you can find it) does not even list this item.The buttons are fine, but the menu is very complicated and hard to see.  The backlite creates more shadows than iluminates the menu.Save your money and don't put up with this headache!  Am returning the item and shopping around for something else.Sorry for the long post, but this thing is useless, and potentially, it could damage a very expensive computer system.
thought it was a good buy, decent price for 250 mb mp3, but shoulda paid the extra, the hold button sticks, the USB wouldn't fit into the mp3 - the buttons are too sensitive and the mp3 knocks itself off all the time for no reason. Don't buy it!
Great price, lots of functions, broke in a few days.  Sent it back to Amazon about a month ago, and they havn't even acknowledged receiving it yet.One of the little bottom that just fell off...
It doesn't surprise me that this mp3 player is now being offered at a significant discount.  I purchased one a month or so ago and was very disappointed with the player.  File transfers were often unsuccessful, despite following the instructions to the letter, and the player had an incredibly annoying tendency to restart whenever I opened the file menu.  I contacted MacVision customer service by e-mail--to this date, they haven't responded.Now it's possible that I received a dud, and that other players work fine--but this doesn't explain the company's failure to respond to my inquiry.For what it's worth, I will never purchase a MacVision product again.
The only things that I can say is good about this item is: it is small and light as a feather. Once you fumble around and manage to download music to it, it works fine. However, this took me hours because the manaual is worthless, even if you can read the tiny print. I wish that I had spent a little more and gotten a MP3 that was more user friendly.
This MP3 player is poorly designed and difficult to operate. We were so frustrated with it that we returned it to Amazon. We gave up trying to get it to work.
This is by far the worst MP3 player Company. My player came, it's pretty and pink, and doesn't work. The product came defective.A defective product makes me upset, but I can live with it, pending it's replaced.However...Not only does it NOT work, but I have called customer service for macvision numerous times, sent several emails, left voice mails upon voice mails over the past month, etc. to see if I can get a replacement or perhaps even some troubleshooting assistance... and NOTHING I have not heard back from them, not one peep!!!!!  Do I want this product? NO... absolutely, emphatically NOT! Would I recommend this product?... No, because *should* anything go wrong you are own, don't expect assistance!
Once you start using it you will understand why the low price: it only lasted a few months and the sound quality is horrible.
I bought this for my daughter. So far it the MP3 part seems to work fine except that the FM function it is supposed to have is not an option on it's screen!  The worst part is I didnt find this out until the packages had been thrown out. (kids!) My son got a blue one of the exact same model and it seems fine.I am sure it could be fixed by reloading the firmware or upgrading it.  However It is not on their site....Support does not call back. They do not email back... NOTHING. I will never buy another Macvision Product.
I bought this pink MP3 player for my sister and she loved it at first. Then, after it plays one or two songs, the device gets VERY hot and then shuts itself off.  After reading the other review about their customer service, it appears I may be stuck with this garbage and they get to keep my money!
Worst 50 bucks I spent in a while. Bought it for my daughter for christmas and it died the same day. Still cant get it to work. Got a better one at Walmart for less. Dont waste your money on this piece of crap. Can only use as memory storage now.
Dont waste your money.  My 15 year old took very good care of hers, but within 2 months it stopped working.
I have one good thing to say about this MP3 Player - it has very good sound - that is it.  It is very cheap and light-weight.  You can not even see the screen, the print is way too tiny and also you can not forward or go back CD to CD, you have to go one song at a time!  One button called the Mode button has 3 different functions and if you hit it the wrong way, you chose the wrong function.  I spent hours trying to get songs transferred to this player for my daughter who I bought this for as a Xmas present.  I called Customer Service and have left many msgs. and no one has returned my call.  I called again and miraculously got a "live person" and he was extremely short and hateful with me.  They only will give you information on how to operate this MP3 Player nothing else.  He rushed me off the phone and was very rude and so much as referred me to their website!  I was appalled!  Still we can not get this MP3 Player to work and have no help with MacVision's customer service so this product was a waste of my money.  I do not suggest purchasing this item, spend a little more and get great customer service help!!!  Amazon - to you I don't suggest selling Macvision products on your website - this might hurt your business!
I bought this for my daughter for christmas...Pros:- It qualifies as an MP3 Player, meaning it is capable of playing MP3 files.- It is cute.Cons:- The controls on this MP3 player stink.- See above, they stink.- Difficult to make the thing play...- Difficult to make the thing stop playing...- Difficult to make the thing change songs...- UnreliableSimply, it feels like a toy, and works as reliably...
If you are wondering how a 512mb MP3 player could be so inexpensive, the answer is obvious. This player isn't worth the money. Within 48 hours of delivery, the MP3 function stopped working. Files could be copied to and deleted from the flash drive, but whenever I attempted to play an MP3 the player would lock-up and shut down. The FM radio continued to work fine, but not the MP3 player. The MacVision website offers no support help whatsoever. No firmware upgrades, no knowledgebase articles, nothing. There was a link to send an email for support. This generates an automatic reply email stating that for support issues you should consult their website. After two weeks I still hadn't got any kind of reply, so I called their toll-free number. All requests for phone support are dumped into a voicemail box, where the greeting suggests that you check their website for support tips. The greeting also says if you received a defective unit you should leave a detailed message and someone will get back to you (and of course I left a detailed message). After another two weeks with no response I gave up hope and called the 3rd party that Amazon uses to issue extended warranties on electronic devices (I had bought the extended warranty for $6.00). This proved to be useless as well, as they insisted that they would only honor the extended warranty after the initial year of warranty offered by MacVision had expired. Eventually I got Amazon to agree to a refund. So, at least I didn't loose any money, just lots of time and frustration. To make a long story longer, don't waste your money. Spend a few dollars more and buy an established brand with real support. (Aside from the device failure and non-existant support, the device isn't designed very well. The on-screen menu is nearly impossible to read (terrible backlight) and difficult to navigate. The rocker switch that is used for menu navigation and playback control is tiny and prone to mis-keys. A real pain in the arse).
Just got the unit and what a nightmare?!I own Zen Touch from Creative Labs and I've been very happy with it!I decided to buy this,relatively cheap unit for my son.To cut the story short,here are the pros and cons:pros:-small and light weightand that about sums it upcons:-no support(updates for firmware)-company changed name to NEXTAR-USB 2.0 connection misaligned-hard to plug the cord in-as soon as you put the battery in,it says "starting..." and either something happens,after awile or nothing happens at all?!-if you have some other mp3 player software on your computer,it will not install it's own until you remove the other one-very slow transfer of songs(using Windows Media Player);note:you could do drag and drop-it's faster,but complicated for those who are not computer inclined(there is instruction available)...there is more to it,but not worth the time!My advice,avoid this manufacturer,unless you want hassles!
I received delivery late and did not even open the box.I return the merchandize and want to make sure I got credit back to my name or email addressAny questions please call or email meThanksPrakash Shah
Make sure you have the long narrow Shuffle not the newer clip-on one. It won't work on any but the original shaped one.
It would've been nice if this built on top of the already sleek and efficient design of the iPod remote. Unfortunately, it's only similar in color. My first problem was that there is nowhere to lock the buttons, so expect random fast forwards or pauses while walking. This could be tolerated, but the worst issue is how quickly it fell apart. I've always had issues with the Apple remote  wire coming apart, but that usually takes me over a year. I used this remote for about 6 weeks before it started to come undone and 10 days later it was finished.Not recommended.
Please make sure you have the correct iPOD before purchasing this device. This transmitter DOES NOT work with the newer iPOD models. Trying to get a refund on a discontinued item is like pulling teeth. Buyers beware!!!!
I have a 1st generation ipod Nano. I commute by bus/train to work daily and I like to listen to radio stations as I'm traveling. ipod doesn't have FM tuner included. I purchased Griffin FM tuner which it says on the packaging that it can be used on ipods,including nano. The attachmenthas a really strange 2 prong shape and it doesn't attach to my ipod.I took it to an electronics store to look at the attachement openings on new ipods and wouldn't work on those either. Anyway I'm frustrated by the packaging saying it will fit ipods (it says specifically ipods or mp3).I've shown this to several people and we all agree we've never seen an attachment shaped that way. Now I have to ship it back.
For the money it is a good MP3 player, WHEN IT WORKS!!  The problem is reliability.  Mine quit working after a couple months.  Called MacVision Customer service (now Nextar) and got an answering machine.  Left msg, no reply.  I went online to macvision.com and got information to send the unit back for repair/replacement.  This is a good example of getting what you pay for.
I can't say too much for it, since I couldn't get it to play.  I used the battery enclosed, tried a different one from a brand new package...no luck.  In the future I'll stick with companies with which I'm familiar.
This item lasted less than 6 months before crashing into a state that could not be recovered from.USB/line in connector setup very non-standard.Would not recommend
$112.82!!!!! Are they insane?? This is a very old generation ipod. I don't know why anyone would pay this price. It's not even an ipod photo. AND it's refurbished!!! Don't waste your money.
What is this the antique road show. I can imagine the person bringing this dinosaur into the show to be evaluated. Then the appraiser says that it is worth 399 dollars! The owner goes wild, and says that they thought it wasn't worth more than brand new ones with much better technology!!! What are you people thinking trying to sell this thing for this much. It's not even worth ten dollars.
This ipod model was introduced over 4 years ago, it is very old technology. The price is ridiculous!
Summary:Don't buy this product.  It will break shortly after receiving it and SendStation customer service won't fix it, without hassle, under warranty.Details:Shortly after receiving the product, it wouldn't charge either of my iPods consistently.  Contacted SendStation customer service, they sent a replacement.  I thought, wow that was nice.  Got the replacement, and right out of the box the charging didn't work, the green light kept blinking.  However, I was able to get something that worked by using the original charging unit and the cable from the replacement unit.  So I didn't contact customer service.Shortly after that, sound in my left speaker was gone so only music in the right channel and I got a buzzing sound.  Both issues another reviewer commented on so I know it's not just me.  I contacted SendStation customer service again.  They told me they don't believe me since they already sent a replacement and sent me prices for replacing the cable or charger!!!  So they make a faulty product and then when you try to use their 1 year warranty they call you a liar!  How nice!They only offered to fix the unit AFTER I told them I was going to write a review letting people know how they treat their customers.  To fix it, they want me to send it to them in Germany.  I declined and said I'll take my loss and find a higher quality unit.  Most should avoid any company that operates this way.  I would be really ticked if this product was more expensive.I have the e-mail chain to prove if there is any doubt!
I am writing to complain about a item, in which the item don't work anymore before 3 days left.I believe that the provider will be change the item, but don't do anything, I want payback for that item or to change the product for another, I will pay for the shipping, but I need an answer as quickly as possible. The provider don't send me nothing.I would be very interested in knowing your comments regarding the above complaint.I look forward to hearing from you.
This isnt a very reliable player.  It constantly shuts off, or it gets stuck on a song and I have to take the battery out just to get it to unfreeze.  It is also annoying to have to go through every song to find the one you want.  I would not recommend this.  Sansa has much better and more reliable mp3 players.
The CF receiver pins bent after light use. I also have a Dooin which is the same type of unit but without the display. I have used the Dooin for several years without a problem. When I email Customer Service Rico stated it used caused by user error. I do not understand how they could reach this decision without looking at the unit. I ask him to have Matt the owner contact me... he has not.They do have warning about inserting the CF card. They have a bad design and they need to fix it.This unit might be ok using SD or anything other than CF, but watch out if you need to deal with customer service.
Ordered April 2007 to use as backup storage for photos taken on cruise.Worked GREAT.  LOVED IT!Removed the battery and put it away after baby, divorce and a move.Got it out to use it January 2010 and plugged it in to charge the battery.Unit started to SMOKE and the entire board inside was fried.Very glad I didn't truly count on it to do what I spent a LOT of money for it to do.BOO WOLVERINE
Funny thing, just got the Mvix 4000U. Inserted the HDD, did some formating (all following the instructions provided, wich by the way are pretty lousy to say the least...)Then I plugged the unit to the TV set ready to enjoy it and.....nothing happend. Well that`s not exactly true, let me explain, there is a message in the screen but is in Korean, languaje that I CAN't read (I`m been serious on this, is really in Korean).How in the world somebody in the States sells a product with a firmware in another languaje...that really goes beyond me...I don`t know what to do beacuse I cannot read what`s in the screen. The only thing I know for shure is that there is a problem with the unit because I can`t access the main menu but that is as far as I can tell.My other alternative was the Tvisto unit.....wich was almost the same, but probably with the firmware in English, so you can follow the instructions on the screen.Javier
I recieved this product as a gift, and the CD playing capability of this product (at least mine) stopped after the first few times I used it.  Memorex's own technical support offers no information or suggestions.  Do *not* buy this product.  It does not work.
This product surprisingly bad compared to the quality I have come to expect from Belkin. I have tried it in 3 different cars and it doesn't work in ether one very well.  It provides a very weak single that is easily disrupted by engine interference. It's sound quality is poor and the transmitter does not cover the entire FM band.
This product didn't work at all, i'm currently seeking monetary compensation in exchange for the return of my product.
I don't like the quality sound of this FM transmitter for my ipod!!!I won't recomend it
I was completely disappointed in the performance of the product. I could not find a good station across the entire dial.  When I did find a clear station the music sounded distant and muted. While my expectations weren't high, I at least expected to be able to get clear transmission on an open frequency, and to have half decent sound quality.  Even my diminished expectation far exceeded what this product delivered.I previously had a Griffin iTrip which worked well till the unit was stolen out of my car.  Once my refund is processed I will be buying another iTrip.
This item did not work from the moment I plugged it in.  I tried it in multiple vehicles, and still nothing.  I called Belkin's customer service, and after telling me to push all the buttons on the unit (there are only a few) in various combinations, they told me to send it back to Amazon.  I used Amazon's online exchange form (which worked very well!!) and I received a replacement within a few days.  Unfortunately, the new unit won't power on either.  I don't think the third time will be "the charm," so I'm going to try a different product.
Contrary to the description this product WILL NOT charge your iPod, and additionally, the iPod itself will not respond to keypresses once it is plugged in to the iSound and the power is turned on.I tested this with 2 different iPods (both 3G) to confirm this issue.I am currently seeking regress from Amazon for this semi-functional product -- please consider any other player but this one - it is of no value as a portable player.
It came in a day earlier than expected, worked fine, even in the master bedroom (Master BD - 10 x 15 ft diameter), what I didnt expect for to happen was that there was a sticker on the item that says something like "Turn off the speakers before removing your ipod or it may short circuit." i heeded the warning and everything was fine for the first 2 days.... after then my ipod just died, the folder with an exclaimation mark appeared and wouldnt go away after everything i did, now i have to use my warranty to get a NEW one, just remember if u buy this, YOUR IPOD IS GOING TO DIE.
After 1 week the AC adapter no longer worked and after 2 weeks the unit refused to run at all on fresh batteries. ACCStation, from whom I ordered this, refused to return 4 messages as I wanted to exchange it. Don't order this unit and don't order anything from ACCStation.
I was unable to get listenable music on any station.Low end of the dial: nothing.High end: barely audible over the noise.Shame on Belkin for putting this garbage on the market.
After I purchased this item from Target, I found that no matter what station is selected, I get constant, loud hissing. Most of the time it is impossible to hear any music at all. Please save your money and buy another product.
I'm a full-time college student, and being a commuter as well means I spend A LOT of time in my car. I bought this item 3 days ago and returned it today. It was easy enough to install but no matter what station you landed it, there was a constant audible hissing underneath the music. Sound quality was very poor as well, it sounded like my ipod was buried underneath a pillow. Turn up the music, louder the hissing gets. Not worth the money - I upgraded and got the Belkin brand docking station, MUCH MUCH better.
I received this as a present when my previous tuner broke.  The signal is very weak, you have to practically attach the transmitter to the stereo itself to get it to work.  When it is working the transmission comes in very soft and you have to crank you stereo way up to hear it at a normal volume.  I had the Kensington tuner before and it was WAY better...I'm taking this back right away!
I bought this, and it didn't work in my car.  It worked in some rental cars, and in my wife's car. It does tune by .1, so it does work on European radios. It's memory holds the two presets after the power is removed.  It does pause the iPod when the power is removed, but won't un-pause when it receives power again.  It only works when there are no other stations near it's own, even weak radio stations will cut into it.If it had more power, it would be great, but it doesn't.I looked everywhere, but couldn't find a way to boost its power, so I looked up the datasheet for the chip it uses to broadcast (BH1415F), turns out the BPF (bandpass filter) Belkin put on it kills its range (probably the FCC made them do it).  So if you want more distance, just solder a 2.33ft (1/4 wave for 98mhz or 1.16 for 1/8) antenna (single strand from a CAT5 cable) to pin 11 (you'll know what I mean if you look at the datasheet).  It fits coiled up under the circuit board, so it looks stock.I post this only to help out people who have bought this, and can't use it for its original purpose.  Doing this will void your warranty, and could kill it as well, so hack it at your own risk.
I purchased the Belkin iPod Tunecast while on the road yesterday and can't wait to take it back to Wal-Mart.  It has a very low powered transmitter that allows bleed-through all over the FM spectrum.  My FM antenna is on the inside of the car's back window and there should be no problems picking up the signal from this device.  We were constantly searching for a new frequency every 10-15 miles or so.  This creates as driving hazard. It's certainly not for the solo driver.  I broke my own "do not buy Belkin products" promise and will try not to do this again.
i bought this one thinking it was going to be good...but no it sucked..it is a waist of money...when i first got it..it didnt come in clean at all. it was all fuzzy and i could barly hear the music. DONT BUY IT!!!
I purchased this product, used it for two days and returned it. I simply could not get it to work. Most of the time I got static and when I could get it to work, the volume was really, really low. My husband fiddled around with it, trying to get my music to come in clearly, but he too failed. I would not recommend it.
I've never tried another FM transmitter before so maybe my expectations were too high, but I cannot seem to get a signal that is not full of static unless I continue to move the transmitter around, which is obviously not feasible when driving. I went to [...] to get a list of radio frequencies for my area and NONE were clear of static. I plan to return this product.
I bought this for my new Ipod Classic 120 GB, so I could use it in the car, but living in the city where there are just 1 to 2 free stations in-between each radio station didn't work for this product.  Even driving in the suburbs, where I am in-between cities, this still didn't work.  I had to take it back for a refund.
I just lost my synch adapter and it is on back order everywhere.  Unfortunately this is necessary to connect to computer and to charge the player.  Earliest date I can find one is 10/23 due to some shipping problem with creative labs.  I'm at a loss now that the battery is dead.  This is the dumbest idea ever.  Why didn't they design the player so that the cords attached directly to the player?  I agree that you should order a back-up as this thing is so easy to lose and so important.
This case scratched my Ipods screen the moment it was put in the case for the first time.  My ipod was cleaned with a soft cloth and checked before it went into the case.  Even the inside of the case was scratched so that is now useless.
I couldn't get this product to work.  It said that the songs were downloaded, and then wouldn't play them.  I tried it every way I could.  There was no information in any of the materials or on-line to address the specific problem I was having.  I wasn't expecting something great for the low price I was paying, but I did expect it to work.
I couldn't figure out how to work this thing.  The instructions were very vague and it was too time consuming to operate, being that it only has like two buttons to perform all functions.  I wouldn't pay $2 for it.
The iRiver H10 product has been a problem from the start.  Please do not not not purchase this item.  It is NOT a quality product.  You will be totally disappointed.  My iRiver shipped to me with a Hard drive error.  Even though I fixed that problem, it still never worked properly. It crashed on the 32nd day from the arrival date.  Total waste of time and money.
This is by far the worst decision you can make.  You have to use Microsoft Windows Media Player to organize all your music.  It is the most frustrating program in the world.  Then, it will take you about 5 or 6 tries before the program recognizes you've connected the player.  Then, the songs take forever to actually download to the player.Then there is the matter of the charger.  It is absolutely ancient in design.  There are two parts to it that need to be attatched.  One connects to the computer and the other connects to the outlet.  You feel utterly stupid and embarassed using it.On top of that, a few weeks after buying it, the damn thing started to crash on me, atleast a few times a day.  It eventually degraded to not being able to use the forward button.  Every time I pressed it, the player would get stuck and I would have to restart it which would take atleast 5 minutes! (that is not an exageration, I honestly measured it once!)I took too long to report it and Amazon wouldn't allow me to return it.  They suggested I sell it to someone else.  But I could not bring myself to inflict that on anyone else.I wish they allowed you to choose negative stars!
the installation disc is 80mm so if you have a slot loading computer it wont work. Also, the websites reviewing it says it works with mac os X but I have yet to figure out how, because I went to another computer with the disc, and it only has windows drivers. But hey what did I expect for 40$. And the startup language is chinese. I like the radio feature though
Good idea and price, if it did all the things that it promises. Mine never worked out of the box. I have heard bad reviews from others. I was forced to return it, but received a full refund. Thanks Amazon :)cheaply made
I could never get my computer (Windows XP) to recognize this device.  I tried three other computers.  I downloded the driver for Windows.  Trekstor tech support (available by e-mail only in the US, unless you want to call their numbers in Europe) promptly gave me instructions for forcing the device to be recognized.  Nothing worked.After investing several hours of effort, I gave up in frustration.  It was not the plug and play experience I expected.
This receiver is plagued by audio problems. Then you call Dish Network and they claim that gee whiz, this is the first time they've heard of this receiver having audio problems. Then you do your homework (a little late unfortunately)and you find out that the forums are littered with people complaining about the same thing you are experiencing. These complaints are from 9 months ago and Dish still hasn't fixed this so-called "software" bug. I work in the software business and you can't tell me that they are still working on it. What they are now doing is called "damage control" because they "can't" fix the problem. The symptoms are: the audio drops out, or goes away completely until you turn power off and on. Doesn't sound to bad? Well when you do turn power off, it has to reload the satellite. What a pain! Don't buy this receiver, and don't choose Dish Network! I'm sorry I did.
I placed an order for a DISH Network ViP622 DVR on December 14, 2010 and have not received the merchandise as of January 21,2011.  I would have thought the order would have been fulfilled by now.  I have attempted to contact the seller on 2 separate occasions to determine status of the order but have not received a response.  My credit card has been charged so I will file a claim in 3 business days if I do not receive a response.At this point I would definitely not recommend this seller. Amazon will be alerted so the seller's star rating can be lowered and/or request the seller be removed from their list.
Learn from my experience.  Dish Network provided the best television picture I have ever seen.  The channel selection is terrific.  Their dual TV receiver is a wonderful product.  If anything goes wrong, however, don't plan to ever get it fixed.  This is their Achilles' heel.  You will be put through a never-ending gauntlet of irrelevant questions, delay tactics and stumbling blocks.  There will be a transparent and desperate attempt to prove that the problem is not theirs.  In the event they deign to favor you with a service call, expect to wait a month and expect to pay for it.  Apparently, if the dish they installed is not aimed correctly, it is your problem, not theirs.  If the receiver goes on the fritz, well, no TV for you.  I was a top-of-the-line, premium HD service customer and this is how I was treated.
I am always cynical when I see someone brutally slam an item, but the ViP622 is absolute garbage.  It is a shame that Amazon won't allow you rate items with negative numbers because this product doesn't even rate one star. The box is very buggy and subject to crashing.  The HDMI went out 2 weeks after hooking it up.  Dish said that it was a known software problem and that they were developing a fix that would be out in a couple of weeks.  That was 5 months ago and still counting.  Even worse is the fact that they won't replace it because they claim that it is a software problem that affects all 622's.  They couldn't explain why it worked fine and then all of the sudden stopped.  They will also try and tell you that you have a bad cable or that the problem is with your TV.  If you Google "ViP622 HDMI Problems"  You will get 100's of pages of references to the problems that people are having with this box.  Stay away!!!
The basic features of the device are nice, WHEN THEY ARE WORKING. Sadly, they don't work as expected very well or very often. Dish seems to have done a pretty poor job in engineering this as many customers have a lot of problems when the features don't work as expected. Do some searching on the internet on "VIP622 problems" to see for yourself. Device reboots randomly, loses satelite signals on a clear day even though signal strength shows as strong, all DVRs recording mysteriously disappear from time to time, and everytime they update new software for the device brings new headaches.
I just received my 622 about 2 weeks ago and the HDMI died already and this is Dec 2009.  Please don't comment that receiver is good if you have no experience with the HDMI port.  At first the picture will drop out for a second every now and then and you pay it no mind because you think it's the broadcast station.  The next time you turn it on there's no picture.  The componant side works but I want to use the HDMI.In short, 4 years since this problem started it's still happening.  Don't get this receiver.
I have owned this receiver for a while now and I just realized how many others are fed up with these poorly built, poorly designed, totally unsupported rip offs.  It acts as though there is no sattelite signal.  If I reboot, ie.. turn off at main control, multiple times it will eventually magically find all the signals at the normal strong reading.  It is then good for a number of hours and then it stops.  tough luck if you actually are paying for dvr service because the odds of it working during your program are zilch.  I would switch to dtv but those yahoos sound as bad or worse than dish.  thank god for netflix which doesnt require any of this proprietary equipment to enjoy.  this crap is just supposed to work.  what is the problem dish?  this is about the 4th receiver i have bought on the open market, promotions dont exist in alaska where i live.  so i have one more $550.00 paperweight that goes into the garage. what bs.
If you are ordering this receiver from Dish Network, beware that they are selling refurbished units as NEW units without telling customers.  I confirmed this today after spending 2 hours on the phone with their tech support. While pokeing around in the back checking connections per their support person, I noticed a sticker that said "Remanufactured."  I asked why their installer gave me a reman receiver instead of New like I was told when ordering their service.  Their answer? "When we run low on New stock we just give people Refurbished units." WHAT? Without even telling them? YEP! I have had this receiver for a week and it has worked a total of 3 hours in that time. JUNK!
Purchased on the 4th from new marketplace seller.  Had some questions so I sent two emails requesting information and verification.  NO reply.  This was supposed to ship on the 5th or 6th. It's the 7th.  Still no reply and it's not shipped yet.No, nothing, nada, zilch.Now I'm worried.
I thought this was a great HD receiver for the last year. Until this week, when it started shutting itself off and trying to re-boot for many minutes. Apparently this is a common issue, and its SOOOOOO annoying. I've lost at least three shows that I really enjoy and will probalby loose everything I've recorded for the last several months.Dish needs to fix this or move on to something that is more reliable.IMOHO.
This receiver worked fine for months until it started rebooting continuously and "Downloading Q-Box Updates" which never finished.  We exchanged for a new one that worked fine for 2-3 days but is in a rebooting loop this very minute.  Dish either needs to update the firmware or replace all of these receivers with a new model.
Once upon a time, a pair of ghetto rats grabbed my ipod and ran off with it while I was walking to the train.  This is something of a common problem here (Oakland). So, when I got a new one, I wanted to be able to secure it to my purse.  While this surely would not stop a very determined attempt, and a combination of 3 digits only takes a few minutes to solve, it would at least stop the same sort of snatch & run attack.The lock, however, appears to be suffering from a terrible design.See, the lock mechanism itself works.  When the numbers are set to the combination, the little hooks go in as you squeeze the buttons.  And when the combination is not set, the hooks stay out.  (Take a look at the connector to your charger, it has the same kind of hooks).  However, the hooks themselves do not securely hold the ipod!  To test it, I attached the ipod, locked it, and gently mimicked how the lock would dangle if it were, say, hanging from my purse.To my chagrin, the ipod slipped right off.  Mind you, I did not pull on the ipod or the lock, and am positive it was securely attached (i heard the click).  This is also a brand new ipod nano, so it's not like it weighs much.  All I did was dangle the ipod from the lock, and it slipped off.  So.  In conclusion, this is a positively worthless item.  I have no idea why the other person gave it 4 stars.  Sheer lunacy.
I sent my Black ipod Video in a Long time ago, It was already black, i was getting it painted black with a blue wheel, So that when it scratched (i knew it would) The black on black wouldnt be too bad. But apparently they swapped my faceplate in the painting process to a white one. So when (a month after i get the ipod back) it scratches... There is a huge WHITE gash on the face of my iPod. I called in an spoke to numerous people. All who told me tough luck, that i could pay 80$ to have it repainted the correct color.... Complete scam, Will never order or consider ordering anything from them again. A great example of a company that is clearly at fault but decides to do nothing about it.
I bought this unit for my Pioneer AVIC-D2. I had it in for about 2 weeks and got completely fed up with it. The interface is horrible [can only go next or previous, can't fast forward], and almost no information gets displayed (one line with only 8 characters or so). I took it out of the car and I bought an iPod to 3 RCA adaptor. (video, left and right audio) I connected that to my D2, and it is fantastic. The quality is just as good as through this CD-IB100II, but I have full control of my iPod, and in addition, I can play movies on the D2's screen.Now this unit is back in it's box, but my return limit has just expired.. so I'm stuck with it.
HelloDissatisfied with the service, I have not received my product, sent him to another address.Please who can help me solve my case, I have sent several mail both the salesperson to Amazon without solution.Yours.Raul Vecchionacce
Hello,I purchased the AVIC-D2, XM and the iPod kit from Amazon.  I then went to my local installer and confirmed with them that they could install all three devices and still allow my factory rear entertainment center to function in the new setup.  After 3.5 hours they failed.I decided that I'd return the items because I needed to get an alternative gift before Christmas and I didn't have time to find another way to get it installed.  I was able to return the D2, but the GEX-P10XMT and the IB100II  are not returnable.  It turns out that Amazon brokered my sale to three other companies that have differing return policies.  Had I realized that Amazon would sell me something that I can't return I would have purchased elsewhere.  At this point I will never purchase anything else from Amazon ever again.
This is a good product.  However, DO NOT BUY HERE!  The price here is $194.99!  However, if you look at Pioneer's website, the list price for the same model number is $50.  Yes, 50 bucks!  Amazon, what a rip off!
I recently purchased and installed the Pioneer 4800MP head unit and the Pioneer CD IB100II iPod controller/adapter. These products are frequenly described as allowing you to control your iPod through your car stereo. To a large extent, that claim is false.When used with the 4800MP (which is described by Pioneer as iPod compatible), only the first 8 characters of the artist or album name are visible. No track information is available. The display will ONLY display (a) the first 8 characters of the album name, OR (b) the first 8 characters of the artist name, or (c) a totally useless time counter in the format of "IPOD0000" with the "0000" showing minutes and seconds.Just so we're clear here, if you display the album name for Radiohead's Hail To The Thief album, the deck will display "HAIL TO " and THAT'S IT, FOLKS! No album name. No track number. I am not kidding you. When you scroll through the songs, you'll have no idea what the track number is.From there, it gets worse. Say you want to play "Hail To The Thief," the Radiohead album. On an iPod, you'd go ARTISTS -> RADIOHEAD -> HAIL TO THE THIEF. On the Pioneer, if you go to ARTISTS -> RADIOHEAD, it will play the first Radiohead song it finds IN ANY ALBUM. And it won't tell you what album it's from. And when you scroll through the songs (blindly), it just goes from album to album, treating every Radiohead album on your iPod as one big album.I find it hard to believe Pioneer expects its customers to tolerate a design this bad. Today I called Pioneer to ask if I was doing something wrong, and the rep actually agreed when I said, "This is worse than useless." He recommended RETURNING the iPod controller and controlling the iPod directly, using only an auxilliary connection between the iPod and the Pioneer head unit, skipping the iPod controller altogether.To put it mildly, I do not recommend this product.
The O N L Y reason you will like this product is if you never use anything but random.. or listen only to playlists.  you might as well not even try searching for a specific song because you will have arrived at your destination before you get to it.  it takes like 3 seconds to go from one artist to another so if you have 30 gigs of music or so, it will take you foever. not to mention you cant search for a song while listening to music either because as you are cycling through arists it is constantly trying to play the first song available. and fucntion of the ipod is locked while connected. the displays suck also.. only 8 characters, and only one display at a time.i had the cd rb10 or whatever its called before this.. aux adapter with RCA inputs.  so you get a rca to stereo connector and charge the ipod with a cigerette lighter adapter.. little more messy, but full functionality.
THIS IS A P.O.S. i should've put my money into an iPOD..at least they're more dependable.  the USB cord didn't work with the music player and the manual was the worst thing ever!!!it didn't help me at all with what i was trying to do. DONT BUY THIS MUSIC PLAYER!! if u see this warning in time dont buy it. buying an iPOD in person is better than goin thru this B.S. to contact seller. if it is too late..good luck
Quit working correctly after 3 weeks.  Needs to be charged nightly, after only 1 1/2 hours of playtime.Instructions are a joke.  "no makee sense", written with a .5 pitch type!Always repeats the same song, reset to autorepeat everytime I turn it on.You get what you pay for.  Amazon, you dishonor your reputation by allowing these to be sold on your sight.
This thing never worked on my Creative MP 3. Don't waste your money on this piece of junk
I tried three times to get this item and struck out. The Warehouse had only adapters with Chinese electronic plugs. After the third time, I gave up.  There is a disconnect between the nice customer service people in India and the warehouse in the U.S. so the customer service people could not help me get the correct item with a US plug.
The end of the adapter, the part that goes into the player, fell off! Luckily I was able to get it out of the player so we were still able to use the charger it came with but this was a really big waste of money. I think it lasted maybe 6 months before it fell apart. The players themselves last for quite awhile but this was a horrible accessory.
The adaptor I received was only good for use in China. However, Amazon was very good about allowing a return and refund. I was told they were restocking so maybe the new inventory will match the description, but my order did not.
I'm in the same boat as Iris (below). My adaptor came with a Chinese plug.  I exchanged it, and the second one also came with a Chinese plug.
I recently purchased a Cowan iAudio7 MP3 player, and Amazon directed me to purchase this particular arm band.  I am a Mechanical Design Engineer with seven US Patents, and trust me, "This arm band is not designed to work with the MP3 player that I purchased it with.  Amazon need to be more careful with their accessory recommendations.
I ordered it long time ago, but never wear because I still don't know how. I don't it but lazy to return.Poor design.
The darn thing comes with no instructions; I have no clew how to use, I bougth along an IAudio Mp3 player; I tried  and tried but still cannot see to use it!
And I seriously doubt it works with many other COWON products.  I have both the plastic case and the carrying case for the iaudio 9.  The only way that either could work with the armband is if the plastic flap of the armband could be threaded over the back of the case.  This is not possible with either case.  The Gee Bee armband for iaudio 9 works so-so.
This product is horrible and should be avoided at all cost. Sound quality is very mediocre (if you set the volume of the iPod in the middle -- if the volume is too high, the adapter sounds terrible). But worst of all, it doesn't work longer than 5 minutes since it goes into auto reverse mode and stops working altogether. Do not buy this (no wonder the cost is only 2 cents, with $2.99 for S+H so you can't even get your money back).
I wish it worked -- but it doesn't for me. I have an old Land Rover Discovery with a working tape deck -- but I place this in with my iPhone attached and nothing. Sounds like it's wrestling around in there, in fact. Maybe other people will have more luck?Bobby[...]
The seller provided timely shipping. However the product is junk. The sound is muffled and intermittently goes up and down when I move the input cable. I guess you if you buy cheap you get cheap. I have since ordered a name brand device to cassette converter which I hope will work better.
I bought one of this contrivances but it came not flip opening, instead it was book type. This model lets the camera slip out at the minimal movement and really it's useless. There is no way to hold the Gmini 402 inside the d***d thing. I wrote to the sellers but they didn't even answer.
This thing is a complete waste of money. It restarts itself if it has a problem. Mine restarts itself over and over ANY time I try to use it. Not to mention there is no manufacturer associated with it. It has a voice recorder (which is horrible), a telephone book(?), an FM tuner (which is IMPOSSIBLE to get any reception on) and a bunch of other useless junk. How about getting the MP3 playing right before trying to add on a bunch of non functional features.BUY AN IPOD SHUFFLE, or ever a Zune. At this point I would rather use a cassette player, at least it works...
It was an ok mp3 player while it lasted.  Do yourself a favor and spend a little more to get a name brand.
Half of the cassette tapes played would snag & could not get out without breaking. Some were snagged so badly the broken peices that would not come out prevents player from playihng a new tape. Worst I have ever had in lifetime.
The radio signal is very weak. Can't make it to work correctly even closer than 1m. I've tried with a portable small radio and with my car's receiver with unusable results in both situation.
The system looks nice but after playing the CD a couple of times I got the "NO DISC" error.....and that was the end of that system :-(
I bought this a couple of years ago, and started off with no problem other than that the screen auto dimmer thing wasn't very effective.  Then more recently, a problem came up.  I tried to take out a CD that I had put in, and the CD player mechanism had broken.  I literally had to pry the thing open to get a CD out, then, of course, it was broken.  Thankfully the speakers were good, so I now have them on a new stereo accompanying other ones...  don't waste your money
i received it broken and they would not send me a working one - this is the 3rd led belt buckle that has broken on me in a very short time
Becouse it would not work I tryed evry thing and it kept staying stuck on the menus of like a refund
OK THE BUTTONS FRIKIN BARELY WORK ONE OF THE SCREWS CAME OUT BY IT SELF I TRIED TO FIX IT BY UN SCREWING IT JUST FRIKIN UN SCREWING IT SCREW IT BACK TOGETHER AND ALL THE BUTTONS DIDNT WORK AFTERWARDS LIKE THIS IS COMPLETE GARBAGE YOUR BETTER OFF FRIKIN GETTING THE TWENTY DOLLAR ONE ATLEAST U WOULDN'T BE WASTEING UR MONEY ON BULL
I tried it out of the box and it worked. Turned it of. Put it in a drawer. Three weeks later, I took it out to give to my son. It didn't work.Got fresh batteries. It didn't work. Took it apart to see if there was damage. No damage. Put it back together. It didn't work.Junk.
I bought this item to take and wear on my cruise, when i opened it while on the cruise, it worked for about 4 hours and I turned it off, it never would come back on, I even changed the batteries to no avail
This player works its great efficiency in the first few attempts, sinks greatly with Windows media center edition.  It gives hitches, freezes, and the key pad has become dysfunctional!!!  I would examine thoroughly before investing in this item.  It is a sleek player, bigger than your average player.  thanks
Happy_Sellers is NOT listing a "Harry Potter" iPod.  It's a plain iPod - severely misrepresented.  Happy_sellers, who has this item listed, is dishonest, ships after the expected delivery date, and severely misrepresents the product. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.  Happy_Sellers is fraudulent.
This items is a piece of junk.  The voice on playback sounds like minnie mouse, and you have to put your ear on the speaker to hear anything, and that is with the volume cranked up to max.  Will never buy radio shack again.  Disgusted.
Bummer - we bought this item to listen to an audio tour of Paris we had downloaded for our vacation this summer. We tested it out at home before we left - it seemed to work pretty well, but not very loud at all. I doubted it's ability to project loud enough for three people to hear when we were walking in the busy streets of downtown Par-ee, and I was right. Even with volume on full blast, it just couldn't project at all. It works fine for a very quiet office setting sitting on a desk next to you, or on a nightstand for some subtle ambiance, but it is VERY quiet. I recommend just using earphones.:-(
I bought this with a splitter so I could hear what's going on with my very young son's music player/ earphones without it being so loud that I'd go crazy.  It's been a huge disappointment.  The volume is so low that I can't hear it unless I hold it up to my ear.  Worse, there's a loose wire in there and I have to bang it against my hand a couple times a day to get it to work at all.  Complete junk.
This product is a great idea and does a good of projecting up to about 4 feet away. The problem with it is that it is very fragile. The problem is with the headphone jack because not only does it come out easily, but the little piece of plastic its mounted on is poorly attached to the rest of the speaker. The reasult of which is that the plug will break and collapse into the rest of the speaker.
I was disappointed that my sound shell appeared to be so cheaply made.  The sound kept stopping after three minutes.  I put fresh batteries in the machine and the problem continued.  I repositioned the batteries and started the machine again.  The machine started to smoke and nearly caught on fire.  If I had been asleep at that time, I would have had a fire in my bedroom!  Fortunately, I was drowsy, but awake enough to smell smoke. Needless to say, I am throwing this product in the garbage.  I would suggest that no one buy this chintzy Chinese safety hazard.
I've been trying to replace my Radio Shack sleep machine, so I thought I'd give this a try.  What a waste of money!  I guess if you like the sounds of waves in a tin can, you might like it.  I'm putting it in my daughter's garage sale.
I bought 3 suspecting that something this inexpensive would be just that....cheap.  It was.  I have used up all 3.  They last for a month or so and then quit clamping. You pretty much get what you pay for.
Don't buy this unless you have an ultraslim square-bottomed phone or appliance. I have an LG Dare, and it won't fit in this holster like I thought it would. The description said it would hold almost any phone, but it's not strong enough for my Dare. The lip on the bottom is very short. I'm sure this would work for the slim iPods or an iPhone maybe or something like that. I am disappointed...oh well.
Don't let the price fool you. When I got the "universal" mount only one of the arms is retractable so the device isn't even centered on the mount, the adhesive to stick the mount on your dash is a joke and with a device in it, it's too heavy for my vent and bangs around on every turn. Waste of Money...
the title is self explanitory the spring mechanisim on the inside that grips the phone broke before i could even get a chance to use the thing. but i only pI .01 FOR IT SO I I GOT MY 1 CENTS WORTH OUT.
Item was received was DOA, item has been returned. Seller so far has been very understamding & cooperative. Quite sure that satisfaction will result when all is done!
This unit failed on start-up. The unit design is not very good for a moving, bouncing, car. The plug does not fit very tightly in the socket. (Even with the included washer). The arm is long but the iPod Video is heavy, so it wobbles and cannot maintain consistant contact with the plug. Everything is too loose. I called the Radian tech support number. I was put on hold for over 1/2 hour and never got help. I tried 2 times.The results were the same. The package says 24/7 support. Finally, I emailed them for a RMA number (which they say to do on their web site)and after 2 weeks I never heard back from them.
This was a major disappointment.  The accessories are so cheaply made.  They felt like something you'd get in a Happy Meal.  I was afraid they would mess up my iPod so I promptly returned this set.
I purchased this MP3 player as a replacement for another that malfunctioned.  Over the course of a few days the battery died after using it a maximum of five hours.  I plugged it into my computer to recharge.  After being plugged in for two hours, the recommended recharge time, I unhooked it and it instantly died.  Plugged it back into the computer.  The player said it was fully charged and so did my computer.  I'm really not sure what the issue was, but I certainly wasn't going to replace it with the same model.
Can't get rid of bubbles! It won't stick to the right edge of screen at all. Impossible to install and I've installed many! Very gritty looming screen when it is on and finger drags. There is nothing good about this screen protector. All this and it is over priced!!!! Buy anything else!!!!
Got a whole replacement kit as 2 of the items didn't fit/work and the replacements didn't work either!