I bought this case about a week ago and it broke last night when i slid it across the carpet. When i opened that package it was pretty plain, just a clear plastic package. On my phone it felt nice because it made pressing the side buttons easy and it was smooth enough to take out of my pocket with ease. Only down side is that if you did drop your phone in this case, it would most likely shatter.
IT'S A NICE PRODUCT,BUT VERY DELICATE ON EACH CORNER. THEY SEEM TO BREAK AND CRACK EASILY.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE.
I have the 32MB version of the Rave MP3 player that I got as part of a promotional offer.  I've found the sound quality to be quite good, and it's nice to have something so lightweight to commute with that doesn't require  carrying around cd's or cassettes.But...there are a long list of things  that they just didn't do well that make this gizmo a lot less useful than  it could be.Windows NT not supported by software; Parallel port only  (dunno about you, but the parallel port on my main computer isn't  available, and they claim that splitters will not work well with this  device); slow transfer of files from computer to the player (32 megs of  music takes over 5 minutes); buttons are hard to distinguish by touch;  easily turned on accidentally if you aren't vigilant about using the  &quot;lock&quot; button; no integration with Real Jukebox (other players,  you can just drag and drop music onto an icon for the player to transfer);  earphones slip out of the jack a bit too easily.The software seems  reliable and just barely functional enough.  It's a bit poky.  I've only  had it mess up once.All in all, I expect a lot more from a gadget that  goes for the kind of money that this one does.  Still, if you're excited  about mp3 players, the price on this one is difficult to beat, I suppose.
The only thing I have to say about this product is don't get it! I received for free from a promotion and that is all the money you should spend on it. The sound quality is awful. All you hear is static. The thing broke only after two months of my brother using it. I would not recommend wasting your money on it. Invest a little more and get the Nomad II or the Rio 500. I have both and the Rave does not even compare.
The unit freezes and makes a VERY loud noise too frequently to be used. I dont need my ears blown out by a defective product. The unit also feels cheap and is light on features.
I received this free from e-music.  Mine did everything it said it would...not very impressive.  They are essentially mini hard drives.  It requires connection to a parallel port?  Doesn't work with Windows 2000 or  NT?  This company is not thinking of what the customer wants, but rather  what they can deliver at the cheapest price.  I have a portable minidisc  recorder which makes much more sense for recording.  All the minidisc folks  have to do is figure out how to interface it with the USB port so that you  can download songs rather than record them. (it takes 74 minutes to record  74 minutes of MP3's rather than 20 seconds per song).
There DOES exist software that works with Windows XP (the 'MPman' MP-F30 music player is the same as the raveMP 2100, just relabeled). There is software for it here: [...]****Here's the download you need: [...]****Notes about using the program:- You need to have your Parallel Port set to 'ECP'. You do this by going into the BIOS (the 'setup screen') when you're booting your computer. In there, poke around in the menus looking for something that mentions the 'parallel port'. When you find an option that looks promising, switch through the possible options until it says ECP. Enjoy.- I've found that the MP3 player needs to be attached to the PC and already switched on BEFORE the MPman File Transfer software is started.- Remember, the MP3 player is also able to record sound. There is a catch though: Windows doesn't recognize the type of WAV files the recorder produces. The solution: installing the following driver should fix that: [...]- To "Initialize" is just MPman's way of saying "Format". To format means to wipe the MP3 player clean  --  usually a good solution if the MP3 player is acting quirky.Good luck!
The Rave MP3 player is cool looking and it does sound alright. What it lacks is connectivity. You cannot use it with Windows NT. You can use it only with Windows 95/98 (probably works with MS Bob too). It uses the  parallel port (disconnect your printer here comes the MP3 player).
I got this mp3 player as a gift. You can only hold 4 songs per memory card--this really sucks. Who's going to want to just listen to 4 songs, and then have to switch memory cards? After using it just once, I gave it to my little sister. Also transferring files is somewhat inconvenient. For some reason, they decided to use the parallel port--have they ever heard of something called USB???
There are many good Mp3 players out there. This one is so-so, it has great sound but those little card thingies are expensive. your going to end up  paying more for memory than th player itself. There is also the Alternative  of Mini Disc, like many people have said, the problem is MD RECORDS music.  you have to take actual time to record it A three minute song take three  minutes to record. While MP3 players usually have click, and drag  capabilities. If you would like an Mp3 player with really great sound and  cheaper memory, I suggest you wait for the new Sensory Science Mp2300, to  go down in price. It uses forty MB discs, that cost about 625% less than  the 64 megabyte flash cards. One 64b Mb flashcard costs about $99.99, when  you can buy ten of the Forty MB discs for the same price. Which is a really  good value. Right now the Sensory Science Mp2300 is about $300, but it will  eventually lower in price or go on sale, so if you find it for less, I  suggest you just scoop it up :) Happy Listening!
I-Jam has a lot of promise, very small and includes an FM radio, but does not support RealMedia files and customer support is lacking.  Errors occurred during software installation; and, the cable for the scanmedia did  NOT include a printer connection.  Also, I had difficulty reaching I-Jam  for support (unanswered phone calls and Email).  When I finally did reach  them, they were not very friendly.  After this, I bought an RCA Lyra and  it's been quite good.
I bought this player a few days ago. Had it shipped via FedEx only to find out it was defective, and had been marked on the unit (not the box) as such.That's minus a point in my book.Though it really is darn small  and has a radio which most mp3 players don't (at least not in this price  range).  So I'm gonna try again one more time to see if Ijam can ship me a  product that isn't defective.
I loved the unit! The small DUAL functioning buttons make it a little difficult to work at times but that's a price I'm willing to pay a unit so small. I throw it in my gym bag and don't have to worry about bringing an extra set of batteries since it only uses 2 AAAs. Even hooking it up in the car with a cassette adaptor was a wonderful experience and its easy to lock in the glove box. I give the unit only 2 stars because I had to purchase a separate MMC device since I-Jam never responded to my calls or e-mails. I had problems with the system recognizing the MMC device in my parallel port. The device was recognized only once before crashing my system. I then tried to uninstall the software and had only error messages returned. After dealing with Microsoft and running diagnostic programs, I learned that the problem was with the MMC device itself. If you don't mind small buttons, then this unit is for you. I love mine and think it is a great little unit. If you have any problems though, just return it where you purchased because my experience has taught me that I-Jam will not be of any help.
Just a few points. You get 2 16 meg cards but only one slot so you have to  keep swapping cards. It's not like the Diamond Rio that can store 2 cards  at once. FM feature is a plus.  The instructions are very skimpy and poor.  The software will crash Explorer if you pull the card out while Explorer is  open.  For about $30 net of rebate, it's a good buy but not a great one.  You get what you pay for.
I used this product 5 hours before the batteries died. Pathetic in my opinion my Sony cassette player with moving parts lasts 25 hours with continuous use.The DSP modes are pathetic, the sound quality is terrible. The only way I could listen to any of the music was in the Classic DSP mode. There's not enough amplification to make some songs loud enough.The downloads were pretty fast, about 32 seconds for a 4mb song with ECP enabled.The player's mp3 internal software froze 3 times when I was listening to the player. Making all buttons stop functioning and I finally had to remove the batteries to reboot it. When it the software froze it got stuck on the same song. Very anonying.I think most will be unhappy with this item. Although the price and rebate offer isn't to bad for a 64mb player. However if your going to spend 10 bucks a month in batteries it ain't really worth it. Not to mention if it freezes everytime you use it.There wasn't much documentation with it, the uploading and downloading software for the player wasn't that great. Pretty pathetic actually.In short I was very unhappy with this player and I'd recemmend people look for a better more reliable item, because this player is pretty much a piece of junk.
I saw that a few people gave this product a good review. But then most people who review an item on Amazon have nothing to compare it with. This product was pretty (bad). Cheaply made, slow (very) transfer rate, Limited memory (I'm a fan of the Creative Nomad - What is 64MB? Worthless unless you want to reload on a daily basis), Poor output Quality. This was the first MP3 player I ever purchased, and I used it for about 5 weeks before it just didn't turn on one day (yes, I replaced the batteries). There are many better products on the market, do waste your time.
After reading the reviews of many similar products, I decided on the Cabo MP3 player for many reasons.  Price and memory were the two leading factors and the reviews made me believe I was making the right choice.  I received my player yesterday and have had problems from the beginning.  The item is flimsy and cheap feeling.  The battery doors open with the slightest movement and my volume buttons do not work.  To spend $$$ only to receive a broken item is frustrating.  I would not recommend this player to anyone.  On another note, the player connects to the computer through the printer port, an unfortunate mode of communication for people who have printers.
The player is great.  Just great, especially if you use rechargeable batteries.  The parallel port connection is the worst though.  I've had the unit for over a year and for the past 4 months I've been unable to upload mp3s to it.Go for a unit with a USB connection instead and save your money.
Got this machine yesterday.  When I put in batteries and loaded software in computer I noticed that one complete line of data was missing in display of this Best Data MP3 Player.  When the information scrolls across screen you can see, in the center of the display, that the LED's are not working for that column. Also, I downloaded 12 songs into the player.  Both the display on the computer and the memory in the CABO said I had 30 Megs of memory left.  I went to play songs and it would only play 6 of the 12 songs I downloaded.  CABO couldn't locate the other six although they'd been downloaded to this unit.  It sound good for what it can play but I can't understand why it doesn't display or play ALL the songs you download.
I recently bought this product, hoping that the reviews on amazon.com were true. They were not. I'm not very particular on my music; I'm fine with 128k mp3's and won't spend tons of dollars for a microscopic difference in quality. However, the quality of the sound coming from that cassette adapter is absolutely horrible. I have a Nomad Jukebox, and I can't stand to listen to it with that adapter. Everything's fine with headphones (not the ones Creative gives you, those are really low-grade), but that adapter really kills it. Perhaps you people have been comparing the sound quality to the crappy backphones that Creative provides on the Jukebox (buy a good set of Sony street-style backphones and you will see what I mean), but I can definitely tell a very distinct difference in sound quality. It really kills the beautiful smooth bass that I'm used to, the screaming guitar riffs, and especially the vocals. Every word coming from the singer's mouth is distorted as if he or she is using some intentional voice filter. Now as far as I'm concerned, the Jukebox is fine for hooking up to my computer speaker system, or taking along on-the-go with headphones. But as far as hooking it up to the car, I'll wait until they come out with cars that have line in/out jacks. It'll be CD's for me.Let the buyer who isn't half-deaf be warned.
This is a cassette adapter... nothing more.  I found no difference between this cassette adapter and a generic RadioShack adapter.  It does what it's supposed to - output the sound to your car speakers - so there's no real reason to pay extra for one with 'Creative' stamped on it.  The connector is straight (rather than right-angled), and the wire isn't anything heavy-duty... you're probably better off just getting a cheaper cassette adapter somewhere else... unless...What other reviewers say is true.  The claim is that the adapter uses power from the car, so the unit's batteries aren't drained.  I don't have a Nomad II or II MG, so that might be the case, but I do have a Jukebox, and it doesn't get any power from this accessory.  If you've got a Jukebox, you'll need to get a 12V cigarette-lighter adapter to provide it with juice... the cassetter adapter alone doesn't cut it.One more note... this thing weighs nowhere near the 1.4 pounds it's listed at.  It weighs less than a normal cassette tape, although the box it comes in won't fit in your mailbox.
I purchased the Duo-MP3 to listen to audio-books.  OK, I should have checked and learned that audio books don't come in MP3 format but rather a format used by Audible.com.  My mistake.  However, the rest of the mistakes were all due to the Duo-MP3.Not only does the thing hog the parallel port (I don't have a USB port on my computer), it requires you to run the port in a mode (set through the computer's BIOS) which does not work with EITHER of my printers.The switches on the Duo-MP3 are FAR too small, the battery cover is difficult to remove, and for some reason, you have to turn off the battery switch (a *tiny* little switch on the side) after you turn off the music -- otherwise the battery runs down even when the unit is not playing anything.The carrying case is badly designed in every way.  It is supposed to clip to your belt, but that is almost impossible.  It is difficult to access the controls with the unit in the case.The battery charger is a clever design, except for the fact that you must unplug it between charges.  That makes NO sense.  (Why not build in an off-on switch?)This is a GREAT idea for an MP3 player, but I think this is the alpha-test model....
Some confusion on these reviews. The IJ50- has no radio tuner. It's a bare bones plasticky and as your sole player not a load of fun. Though if you already have CF memory lying around, need a usb card reader you basically get the player for ($), assuming a ($) or less price tag. Headphones are as expected useless and uncomfortable to boot.I was lucky enough to win one of these, only reason I have it,  and the sound quality,battery life are excellent. Build quality yuck. Software accompanying it not amazingly useful and I-jam's site, a dogs breakfast. Are they selling MP3 players or DVD's this  week :-)  you decide.  This player is hideously outgunned for the price, as such it would not be possible to recommend it for anything other than a clearance price, and then only if you need a CF reader.
I've owned the Rio 600 for about a year now. It worked well back then and it was working well until a few days ago. I'll outline my history with the Rio below:A few days after purchasing the Rio, I dropped it (accidentally) from a height of about three feet onto a tiled floor. The magnitude of the damage shocked me: the on/off sliding switch flew out of its socket, the battery backpack detached, and the door covering the battery appeared to have broken away from its position. I pushed the sliding switch back into its socket - amazingly, it worked - and I found that although the battery door had detached, nothing had broken. Then I slid the backpack back into place and it was almost as if nothing had happened (the on/off switch was still a little loose). I decided to use the included carrying case whenever using the device outdoors, and not coincidentally, there were no more breakage incidents.About five months into my Rio experience, I decided that 64 MB of space wasn't cutting it anymore. The Rio could only hold 50 songs at 32Kbps compression rates - it sounded terrible. When I hooked this up to my car using one of those nifty cassette adapters, I found that the sound was simply terrible. It was very quiet, and when turned up, it was tinny and annoying. It sounded like the very low and the very high ranges didn't even copy to the device, which leads me to another peeve. You have to use Windows Media Player (on PCs, anyway) to use the Rio, and this is not the most reliable method of copying. Anyway, back to the storage issue: I purchased a 64 MB backpack from SONICBlue's website for an outrageous amount of money. After installing it, I was chagrined to find out that only 95 songs could be put onto the device in total, leaving me with a gaping amount of space at 32Kbps compression. It was annoying, to say the least.One thing I liked about the 64 MB backpack was that it included a rechargeable battery. This worked fine until the recharging Rio was sat on by one of my friends. This knocked the recharging port out of alignment, and that was it for the rechargeable battery. I hadn't registered my Rio so there was no warranty, and even if I had registered it I would have been out of warranty anyways.With my dead Rio in my hand, I decided to get a 5 GB iPod, which I received recently. To my gleeful amazement, I put 563 songs on it, and it's not even half full. I can say with certainty that the iPod is a superior product.The bottom line: while a year ago I might have recommended this product, I simply can't anymore. The amount of space isn't enough for any serious music fan's needs, and the compression rates aren't high enough to listen to in a car. Go with an iPod instead of this product.
It looks cool but it's not. It does not hold enough music for me.It was a waist of my time. I would not recommend this product to anyone. So if you are looking for a Mp3 player this is not the one. Keep searching.
We have had one of these for several years; long before the proliferation of MP3 players. Besides, we thought the price was affordable for a gift for my one of my teenage sons.The whole process was a mistake from the beginning I think  now in retrospect. I thought it would be easy to add a backpack for more memory and as it turned out we had a heck of a time locating them. They are only available at their website so you can't just run down to your local electronics store. That was the first problem. Next the darn thing seemed to only  play for short periods and before you know it it is buried in the clutter of a teenagers room. Eventually I realized it wasn't getting much use so I hunted for the backback; you might have better luck deer hunting in the broad daylight of your big city downtown! Eventually I located the memory backpack through the website . I say eventually because they were on back order for the longest time. While I was at it I got some other accesories so after I get some feedback on the accesories including the additional memory I will report on the quality of this &quot;upgraded&quot; player. If you want to avoid some hassles now than look for another player. So far it has been an ongoing bad experience.
I am a 15 year old audiophile and I got this mp3 player for christmas last year.  I was really excited, because of all the good things that had been said about mp3 players (this one in paticular).  I hooked it up into my mac and downloaded a very small playlist; most people could fit about 30 min, but with lower quality of music (around 96 kbps), I got about 45 minutes on it.  The mp3 player is cool because it is completly skip free, and it is also very durable (I dropped it from waist hight onto asphalt, and it worked fine afterwards, save a few scratches).But after about a month or two of using it, I started experiencing glitches.  The battery level would fluctuate from 100% to 50% and back again and about 3 hours after replacing the batteries, they quit on me.  This thing EATS batteries like no other!  Also, every once in a while, the mp3 player would automatically delete all the songs that I had downloaded onto it.I emailed SONICblue, and after about the 5th or 6th email, they responded saying that they would replace the player.  I got my second, and it had the exact same problems as the first one did!  I emailed again for another or a refund, but they never replied.  I went to [local store] (where we bought it), and they gave us a 3rd one.  This one didn't even turn on!  I couldn't do anything with it.  So, about a month before the warrenty ended, I got store credit for it and bought a PlayStation 2 : )  (no complaints there).My friends with this player have had the same problems with the player and costomer service as i have had, and so have the people on amazon.  Please reconsider buying this defective product.
I purchased this player and have used it now for several months. The player &amp; software work but based on my experience I really can't recommend purchasing this unit. My reasons are that 1) the battery life seems very limited and the player stops working usually after about 2-hours of play. I constantly have to change the batteries and the old ones still have life and work fine in my Walkman. 2) the player's software seems to be problematic and will lock-up on many MP3's that play perfectly fine on my computer. Sometimes the player will just stop for no apparent reason. 3) finally, the menus are a little difficult (bass &amp; treble) to operate when exercising and the skip forward and backwards features to not seem to operate effectively.
I purchased the player as a gift needless to say after about a month of use the machine stopped working.  MP3's would play for a short while and just freeze the machine.  The switch would not power down the machine and I would have to remove the batteries in order to reset it.I have had nothing but several weeks of emails with customer support and have finally received a replacement.  Only trouble is this replacement does not work at all.  It does not even switch on.For those of you who may doubt the bad reviews here, I suggest you also look at ...the Better Business Bureau for some insightful customer frustrations
The unit was advertized with a $50 rebate offer; well, I never received my $50. The player is nice and simple, the sound quality will depend on your headphones. It runs on a single AA battery, and it eats them quickly.  If I had known I would not receive the promised rebate, I would have gone with a Nomad.  That's my advice.
I actually bought this as a gift for a friend, and she loved it.  The player was small, light, had decent sound, and was working great until just a short while ago.  The player just spontaneously died (just sitting on a desk... it wasn't being jostled around while running or anything).  To my horror, I've discovered problems with the Nomad II line are fairly common ...  To top it off, the unit was past its short 90 day warranty, so there's a [monetary fee] (plus shipping) just to have Creative examine the player for repairs.  After they assess the problem, they'll charge extra money for repairs.  For all that time and money, you may as well just buy a new player from another company.  Stay away from this product.  It seems like a great deal, but they are manufactured cheaply and prone to break down.  Creative itself doesn't even have enough faith in their own product to back it up with a better warranty.
I liked the unit  until I tried to interface it with my IMac. You have to have the outdated version of ITunes (version 1.0) and Itisn't compatible with the latest operating system - OSX.This I found out after going through an awful customer service hotline at Samsung. Very difficult to get through.So in all reality it is not Mac compatible. Even the service tech finally admitted It.
I usually like Samsung products but this one doesn't make the grade.-The upload time to the unit is quite slow.-The unit does not support WMA.-The unit does not integrate with Windows Media Player.-The unit does not integrate with Musicmatch.-The real biggy! This unit does not support MP3's of different bit rates. You must make them all the same bit rate!There are some good points though. It's physically well designed and the buttons are well layed out. I really liked the little clip on remote. Very handy for sticking out of a backpak!Unfortunately the guts of this product did not meet the standards of the shell.2 out of 5 stars.
The idea is great, play all the MP3's on your PC through your stereo system. If you've already got your home networked, the Audiotron hardware installation is no problem. The configuration instructions were extremely confusing, but by trial and error I got it working. Once up, it sounds super and looks sharp on the shelf with the stereo.Here's the glitch, each time the Audiotron loses power it must download the titles of all your MP3's. This takes about 30 minutes for my library (250 CDs). So what's the problem you ask? The power winks off at my house about once a week. Unless you walk by the Audiotron every morning to see if it's still on, you'll find it dead when you sit down to listen to music. Too bad it doesn't power back on after an outage automatically, but it doesn't.I have two little Rio Receivers as well (no longer in production) which get a lot more use than this gadget. They boot up in about a minute. It's a real shame the Audiotron doesn't do the same.
I purchased a Nomad about a month ago.  Both the software on the CD and the unit itself were faulty.  No one answers Creative's non-toll-free phones, and email responses are not well thought-out and take 4 days each.  After weeks of going back and forth, they finally accept that it is defective and are willing to provide me with an &quot;RMA number&quot; after I provide more information (an RMA number is required in order to return something with Creative --I have already registered and provided them with all the information twice)  They suggest that it would be quicker if I returned the Nomad to the place where I purchased it, but because of their slow support, my 30 day warranty is now expired.  I really don't expect to be using my Nomad for at least another month.  The Nomad looks really great, and I'm still excited to try it, but Creative's customer support is perhaps the worst I've ever experienced.
Received this player as a gift after i dropped my old Rio500 one too many times.  The only thing those 3 years of progress have brought?  The Yepp is slightly smaller, weighs slightly less, and has twice the memory.  Plus, it has a rechargeable battery; no more popping in lots of AA's.HOWEVER, the yepp is very poorly designed.  Firstly, the screen is so small as to be laughable.  Several times i have run out the batteries simply because i couldnt &quot;read&quot; the power display.  The &quot;2X&quot; technology is nothing more sophisticated than shrinking your 128bit songs down to 64 bits.  I could have done that myself!  Lastly, the player itself seems to be faulty.  I load up around 30-40 songs, put it on random, but continually hear some of the same songs over and over.  The player seems to be unable to play all the songs in the playlist first before cycling through them again.  Another example:  if you are listening to a certain song, and wish to skip the track to the next song, it doesnt go to the next random song, but the next song in the playlist, even while in random mode.  This makes the listening experience very frustrating.  It just doesnt work like, say, a cd player would if you were playing songs randomly.The control buttons are TINY, and poorly placed if you plan on using them while jogging or something similar.  In fairness, i have not used the fm/volume control ad-on, because i find it too bulky to use while running.In all these regards, My old Rio was FAR superior. I would recommend staying with that brand.
Bought the Yepp 700 online exactly a year ago, and it is now broken. The battery case will not shut. (This has happened to many other customers. BUYER BEWARE.)However, the mp3 player does have nice features.-Good Sized Memory256 mb is alot of storage. You can get about 70 songs with that. Buy the media card. It's cheap.-Slick lookingThe yepp is very nice looking. It is also pretty small. Good to exercise with.-Remote controlIts nice that they put this here, but it is pretty worthless. The LCD is wothless, and the FM tuner on this is EXTREMELY WEAK!- Voice RecorderGood feature.In summary, nice features, but poorly built. If you want to take a chance on the mp3 player, go right ahead.
Pros:The music sounds great and the amount of storage is sizable enough that you don't need to update/change the tracks frequently.  The metal casing is very stylish and the dual use as a audio recorder really helps (ie. college lectures)Cons:The software is difficult to use because it collects a &quot;database&quot; of music by scanning your hard drive.  Music can't be uploaded until the mp3 is in the database.  If you're like me and download new music all the time, it becomes a hassle to update the database.  The leather carrying case isn't designed well for headphones.  The auxillary battery hangs on the edge and is a bit awkward.OVERALL:It's a good mp3 player if you're not going to walk around with it. Definitely NOT designed for athletic activity. Mine broke after 7 months (as many people have cited similar complaints).  Consider the new smaller Mp3 players if you're an active person, or just wait and hopefully Samsung will come out with an improved version
It's got great size and sound but the software is to difficult to understand, almost returned it.It took me 4 hours to compress and load my player with 50 songs
I was all excited about my first mp3 player.. I spent tons of time researching and decided on the yepp...BUTThe Yepp DOES NOT work with OSX or iTunes 2.0...so even though I am on OS9, I had iTunes 2.0.. no go.. they said that they shipped from Korea without correcting it and that there are no plans as of right now to correct it.The customer service department was pretty helpful and offered to refund my money if the store I bought it from would not. but STILL.. a sticker warning people would be nice.. so now I am trying to Rio800.. we shall see.
I've got to agree with most of the other reviewers - the device itself sounds great, and for a good price, but the software is seriously wanting.Firstly, it is a misnomer to label it an MP3 player. It is not that, given that one must convert the files (with the cumpulsory, cumbersome, and generally annoying MusicMatch software) into .MPY files, the only format the unit will play. I could live with that if I could get over 30% of my MP3's to be recognized as writable.I'm returning mine tomorrow for an MP3 player that plays MP3's.
I just bought the new version -- RD1071.  WMA files seem to transfer fine.  They play fine.  But they only play for 5-20 seconds and then everything shuts down.  There is no contact information on the RCA site.  They don't respond to email.  There seems to be nothing I can find on the web about the problem, so now I just don't have a clue.
I picked up a package of these figuring, hey, they're half the price (per stylus) of the Sony replacements. Ugh. They're horrid. They aren't strong enough to stay straight while writing with them. I'm ready to throw the lot out already. Avoid these. They're junk.
Any music that you purchase online is sold in secure WMA format, this format will not be playable on this device as it will require  DRM compatible software which it does not have.If you plan on downloading music to listen to from the internet it will not download to your I-Audio.
I bought a Nomad Zen for use with my Windows 98 powered PC, which is about two years old. It's too old to use with this product, unfortunately. The PlayCenter software continually crashes, I've installed and uninstalled and been with technical support for Creative on several occasions, and after a week, I've given up.I'm sure this is a marvelous piece of equipment if you have a PC that has USB 2.0 or Firewire, but even though it says it is USB 1.1 compatible, it's not.Besides the system crashes, my Zen also experienced very odd skips in songs, plus songs would start and others would take over, and the shuffle play feature played the same 10 songs over and over, despite the fact that I had over 200 loaded on.Besides that, the PlayCenter software that comes with the Zen is barely adequate, and Creative's tech support, while trying to be helpful, ultimately isn't.I recommend checking out the Ipod instead.
On April 16, 2003 I wrote a 5 star review of the Zen, raving about the interface and sound.However, my unit just stopped working.  I called Tech support who diagnosed it as a hard drive failure and said that since it was beyond the 3 month warranty period, I would have to return it and could expect to pay $100 for a replacement hard drive.  That I'm giving it 2 stars now is a testimony to how much I liked it before its premature death.I've read the reviews of the new IPOD and it seems like they have improved the interface to allow making playlists on the fly now and, at least according to one Amazon reviewer, the hard drive is extremely durable (unlike myself, he mentioned that he'd dropped his unit numerous times and it keeps on playing.)
I own one of these. At first it was pure love... easy transfers, auto sync btween the player and the computer. Then I loaded it on a new computer and all hell broke loose. Now everytime I load the software or try to transfer songs they are tagged with the wrong artist and who isn't even on the artist list even the preloaded songs from the player. Tech support thus far has been no help I have loaded and cleared this program more times than I can count. Now I use it with Windows Media but it cannot keep the songs in order and will not load the songs from the player to the computer like the creative software does. When it worked I loved this program and device. When it doesn't... beware. The whole thing has me thinking about dumping it and getting an iPod.
For the midrange price point, this is one of the worst classic Walkman clones on the market. I can say this with certainty: I've had three of these, though thanks to a wildly indulgent Radioshack warranty plan I only paid for one. The fact is I kept returning them as defective until I just got sick of them and bought a Sony. I still have the third unit.One might reasonably ask what's so bad about this reasonably small, inexpensive device, given that it has digital tuning, ample presets, good bass-boost, a pair of not-bad headphones, and (gasp) auto-reverse! The latter feature is particularly exciting because it seems for the first time in Panasonic's history their auto-reverse mechanism actually works. But let's run through these features in order.1. This device is bigger than its Sony equivalent. It takes two AAs, and its battery economy is nothing special.(As always, leaving it in rewind or fast-forward for ten or twenty minutes will simply void a full battery). It is also _extremely fragile_. The speed potentiometer goes all out of wack in even slightly inclement weather; Toronto winters slow the tape way, way down, and leaving it on in a steamy room will damage the motor irreperably. My third unit simply stopped working (full batteries do not turn the unit on) because I dropped it once. This is silly. Despite no surface flaws, cracks, or other visual cues, it apparently had all it was going to take.2. There are in fact only ten presets (five per band). The comparable Sony has forty. Forty! And dialing a preset on this model is an awkward process requiring two keypresses on the pretty if unresponsive front console. By comparison, manual tuning is time-consuming and tedious.3. This device probably has the most essential bass-boost feature in the history of portable audio. The simple reason is that its volume output is offensively low. If you're trying to play something dubbed off a Columbia album, for example, you probably won't even be able to hear it on a busy street. It was almost absurd to hear (or rather, to not hear) that coquettish squeak emerge from Sennheiser headphones on full batteries. One thing I will say is that the sound _quality_ was very nice. In fact, in an absolutely silent room, using a high-quality tape, I think this machine actually sounds a little _better_ than its somewhat soupy Sony equivalent.4. I can't comment on the headphones. Panasonic ones nowadays are usually OK until they break. For my part, I gave them away.5. The autoreverse was good and never failed until the whole machine did. But I suppose the engineering wizardry which got the motor small enough to work in a unit this size also made the mechanics extremely delicate. See point 1 above.Buy the Sony WM-FX290 instead.
Tape drive is faulty.  Tape warbles.  I bought it to transfer cassettes to disc but could not proceed because quality of sound was so poor.
I received the 20GB/256MB bundle as a Christmas present.  I had to return the first one due to hardware problems with the 20GB hard drive ... it generated hard errors and would not reformat.  The replacement unit is even worse (though they did cross ship and attempt to replace quickly).Replacement will not power on ... I guess I should say it will not power on consistently ... sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't.The included database management software is non-intuitive and a bit inflexible.  In my brief experiments with it, it did not seem to have as many features/functions as it should.  The good news is that there are open source alternatives ([...]I asked for this unit because it would play ogg (which pretty much kicks mp3 in quality) and the open source support ... meaning I could use it/manage it from a Linux PC.  I still love the features and the ideas behind the unit, however, their delivery of the actual product is very poor.Unit is poorly constructed and cheaply made.  On my new unit labels were peeling off buttons, changing the backpacks was much more difficult and cumbersome than necessary, the unit did not feel 'solid' in any way.  It is also very bulky, which I could live with, but many people would not like.  When I did have problems, error messages were cryptic at best.Initially, support was very repsonsive, however, they appear to be ignoring my requests for a second replacement unit.  If they do grant me a replacement, it will be my third unit since Christmas ... averaging one per week.Battery life is advertised as "up to" 10 hours.  On both units I've received it has never lasted more than 2.5 hours when fully charged.Although I believe they are trying to put out a good product, they have not figured out the magic pieces to turn out a quality piece of hardware.  They should save their money on the bundled music management software and advise users of the multiple open source alternatives.  They need better quality control in their manufacturing process.  They need to improve the design ( get rid of cheesy/flimsy buttons, glue on labels, flimsy & difficult backpack switch lock ) and improve the overall durability and 'solidity' of the hardware.Bottom line ... love the ideas, hate the delivered product, and worried about the current support repsonse.
* Very Bulky* got damaged after a few month later* Heavy* poor support** FM recoder** Sound finger print** Built-in FM transmotter
I used to be a loyal Sony customer...until I recently had issues with both of my Sony DVD players and my VAIO desktop (Sony support SUCKS). I am also now mortified that I spent $300 on this "MP3 player."As other reviewers mentioned, this thing doesn't play MP3s. You have to use the ATRAC3 format, which is fine I guess--if you don't mind having 2 copies of every song on your computer so you can use a normal MP3 format on other devices. And yes, the SonicStage software has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. It's junk, bottom line.The size and weight of the player is great, but the shape is weird. I used to use the Sony NW-MS9 (which was OK but the batteries were horrible and inconsistent), and it had a perfect shape to hold in my hand. This one is kind of square, and the big bar for the "hold" function is just ridiculous. I have not had it stay in the hold position one single time after putting it in my gym bag. And now after about 6 months of use the bar is getting loose and makes it feel really flimsy.Another thing about Sony Network Walkmans in general that stinks is that they don't make belt clips for them. The only place I use these players is at the gym, and I don't have pockets in my workout gear. So I end up stuffing the thing in my waistband when I need both hands, and since this one has an odd shape it doesn't stay put very well. Sony included a necklace-type thing to go with it, but personally I think it's totally lame. I don't want that plastic rubbing on my neck when I'm working out, and if I'm jogging forget it...who would want that thing slapping on their chest constantly?The player has 256MB of internal memory, which works out to be 8 to 10 CD's worth. That's OK for the gym, but when I do decide to switch out the songs it takes way too long for everything to transfer. And the memory stick slot is for a 'memory stick duo,' so of course all of the other standard memory sticks that I bought for other Sony products are useless now.The one thing about this product that I can say is flawless is the batteries. I use it 3-4 hours per week at the gym and I think I charge it less than once a month. For $300 though, one would hope for more "pros" than that. I'm replacing this thing with an iPod next week![edit]OK...so the grass is not greener with the iPod. I have never owned an MP3 player other than Sony...and there are some good features to the Sony that I did not realize until I used another brand:1) You can do just about everything you need to without having to look at it. I really like the fact that you can switch between albums, not just songs...and it's very easy to do so without having to watch what you're doing. On the iPod you can just hit the forward button 15 times to get to the next album, or you have to look at it and backup a couple menus to switch. Very cumbersome when you're on the treadmill or something.2) The sound quality is not bad at all, and you can set the EQ to where you want it. The iPod just has a bunch of preset EQ settings w/hardly any bass...I was very disappointed with the sound quality.3) It's not such a bad thing (for me anyway) to have just 8-10 CDs on the player. Usually I swap them out every month or two. It's nice not having to search forever to find another album to listen to...having up to 1000 songs on the iPod is just a pain. Takes way to long just to find something I'm in the mood to listen to, then once that album is finished I get to do the search all over again.I returned my new iPod mini after using it at the gym only twice. The belt clip was awesome...but that's about the best thing I can say about it, and that's certainly not worth $250. If I could edit my rating here I guess I'd change it to 3.5 or 4 stars.
I ordered this player when it was first available from Sony.  For the last year and a few months I have been happy with it.  I do agreee with the software problems others have commented on, but the size and ease of use was a bonus for me and I was able to deal with the software issues.  Now just as I am training for my first marathon... the battery will no longer charge.  I have searched for information on replacement and I doubt I am/ will be the only one with this issue, there isn't even any information on the Sony website.  Apple with the ipod/ipod mini have already addressed this issue with replacement batteries.I spent good money on this player more than a year ago, so it is no longer covered, but now I am stuck, with no options and no player.  I would advise finding a different player unless you are willing to afford a new one in two years or unless Sony can fix the battery issues.
I purchased this to listen to at work.  When I first plugged it in, I was very happy.  This review is on the product, not the service.  I have no cmoplaints about XM service, but this reciever must have never been designed to be listened to for more than 45 minutes at a time.  I had on that cut on and off all the time, and I thought it was defective.  I received a new one, and the same thign.  It is as if the receiver overheats and shuts itself off.  After about 1/2 an hour of &quot;rest&quot; it will come back on, but beware, only for about an hour.  This product is great if you will be in and out of your car, and you do not intend to use it for more than an hour a day.  Otherwise, stay clear...nothing but a headache!
I received a SkiFi receiver for Christmas, it's outstanding!  I love it!  But when the receiver started malfunctioning 3-months later I had to deal with Delphi's unforgivably poor customer service, definitely something to consider before purchasing.
I bought this player 4 months back. I am having a serious problem for the past 1 month. Although the player has 128Mb of internal memory, I have been able to use only half of it, whenever I try to copy music files beyond 60 Mb I get &quot;copy&quot; error. I tried copying different files but even then I got the same error, then I reinstalled the software and the online updates. Even that didn't work. Now I am using it as a 64 Mb player. Unlike most of the MP3 players, it cannot be used as an USB drive. Average sound quality and good battery life.
There are pros and cons to this little gadget.Pros1) Sound quality is excellent2) It's portableCons1) It sucks the life out of batteries very quickly, so unless you have rechargeables, don't get this.2) It might be portable, but you have to put it in your pocket.  It's not very slim.3) It loses songs!  ALL of them.  The battery will just stop, the Rio will shut off and I'm unable to turn it back on.  I'll pull out the battery, put it back in, and voila!  The Rio will turn back on but no songs.4) Will not play WMA's.5) Uses software, which is quite annoying.  Can't just download songs from anywhere.The Rio seems to be a decent mp3 player, but not the Fuse. Buy something else.
This product came up under the search term &quot;aluminum&quot; and at the time had no photo. Verify the style before you order.
Review relevant noly to Macintosh users:1. Sound output from Transit cuts out frequently, unpredictably, and often irrecoverably. Imagine listening to music and then using the keyboard to adjust the volume and suddenly having the audio disappear. Imagine listening to iTunes and then deciding to switch to a streaming audio program through your browser or through RealPlayer and having no sound in the new application. This happens frequently with the Transit. And about half the time it cannot be corrected by plugging and unplugging the Transit: you have to log out and in or restart. Lovely.2. Other USB audio I/O devices such as the Griffin iMic simply work without drivers on a Macintosh. The Transit is not visible to the system without its drivers installed, so you're stuck with whatever M-Audio wants to provide. This is probably necessary to provide digital output and some device configuration, but it's a real problem if the drivers are inadequate (as they are).3. The M-Audio site lists the current driver (1.6.1) as compatible with the current operating system (10.4.2). This isn't true at all. The current driver is dysfunctional with the current operating system.4. My iMic and my Logitech USB headphones are working fine on my computer, so there's nothing wrong with the hardware.5. M-audio has yet to respond to my e-mail requesting help, and they don't provide a toll free number for tech support.Avoid this paperweight and get something that works as advertised. They've had months to come up with a driver that works with the current operating system and have failed. Unfortunately they haven't bothered to be honest about that and are still selling these as Mac compatible (and as compatible with the current Mac OS).
Good for mixing on the road but dont try recording through it. Quality is low and mine clicks and pops non-stop when using the input. But eventually the good output falls through as well. It's life expectancy is well under a year (and thats if u take real good care of it).
The sound quality is great. It has more complete I/O options than other small USB audio interfaces. But this thing does not seem to be treated seriously by the manufacturer, and is essentially ignored by its development team. It's been on the market for several years and has never had a usable driver for Vista. For a long time, they had a beta driver which was dangerously unstable and would not only fail to work but would cause sudden blue screen death of the computer. Three years after the release of Vista, they finally posted an official driver, but it could not be installed properly at all. I don't think the companies is supporting this product at all. So buyers be aware.
I've been using a Creative Zen for about a year, and recently have been using iTunes Music Store to buy songs.  So I bought the 20G iPod last week to be able to use the iTunes Music Store files on a portable device.  But I returned it after a week of playing with it.  It is simply not up to the standards of a third generation MP3 player, and certainly not worth the extra cost over the competition (Creative Zen, Dell Jukebox, iRiver, Rio Karma).First and foremost, the battery is unacceptable.  Yes, the player is small in size compared to most other players out there, so the battery needs to be sacrificed a little.  But the iPod 20g couldn't make it through a weekend trip--and probably only 3 hours of actual listening--without getting charged... twice.  The battery meter drops a notch after playing about 2 songs on this device.  After charging and leaving it off for a day, the battery was mysteriously back at half full.  Anyway, I highly question whether it can make it on a cross country flight unless you never change tracks and keep the backlight off.  The competition's offerings have battery lives well into the teens, and in Dell's case, the upper teens.  Even the Rio Karma, which is comparable in size to than iPod, has something like 50% more battery life.The other main beef I have is that the interface is far too simplistic to be powerful when away from your computer.  The iTunes playlist and general integration with the iPod is excellent and very powerful.  However, when you're off on a skislope somewhere and you want to reorder a playlist... you can't.  You can only add to a new playlist, not even delete from it (as far as I could figure out).  Then there are things like, the shuffle option being buried under "Settings" in the main menu.  So you have to hit Menu about 10 more times than you should just to shuffle the playback.  There's not even a way to view the current playlist in a list format as it plays.  My year old Creative Zen has easy solutions to all of these tasks, and it felt like a serious step down to use the iPod.The lack of a dedicated volume control is also shocking.  The volume can only be controlled while in the Now Playing screen.  If you're in a menu, you can't change the volume.  After 30 years of Walkmen with dedicated volume controls, Apple has made their device less usable by leaving it out.The final straw with the user interface is the horrendous solid-state scroll wheel.  Whoever thought to do this obviously has never extensively used one of these devices because it requires that you look at the screen to use the device.  I'm able to use my Zen purely by feeling the scroll wheel click, which comes in very handy while driving, working out, etc..  On iPod, there is an option to turn on a click sound with the solid-state scroll, but that helps only if you're not actually listening to music (the click doesn't come through headphones as far as I could tell).The first iPod was unquestionably revolutionary.  However, this iteration is not up to par with the competition's clones of Apple's work.  Once again, someone has taken Apple's ideas and improved on them, making a cheaper and better solution.  This time it's not just one vendor though, it's about five (Dell, Creative, iRiver, etc.).  And there are other solutions to online music instead of just iTunes now (Walmart sells WMA files, Real sells 192K AAC files), and many will probably end up working with these other players, if not already.I would only recommend this product for people who buy a very large number of songs from iTunes Music Store or are on a Mac.  Beyond that, iPod is vastly overpriced for the functionality it offers in light of recent competition.
This thing has not been worth the hassle. That's the best way to describe it. Let me just tell you my story. if you're not going to be using this on an apple computer, you need to read this!!To start off with, I don't own an apple computer, I own a gateway system that is incredibly beefed up. really, you aren't going to find a more powerful Gateway PC out there than the one that I use. I ordered one of these 20gig ipod's about 2 months ago. I recieve it in the mail, read the book, do what it says to do, and my music is put onto it. That wasn't too bad. Allright, after using it for about one days, I notice that the battery is only lasting for an hour, when apple says it should last for 8-10 hours. (now this is the part where i want to tell you that i treat this thing like a baby, i dont beat it up at all, i treat it like the last remaining dinosaur egg...it's too damn expensive not to)So i call apple, and i tell them my problem. they were friendly, and they send me a new box to ship the ipod back to them, and they'll fix it. they also told me that if they cant fix it, they'll send me back a refurbished one, which basically means "used". there is absolutely nothing that I can do about this, because they have it in the fine print. So now my situation is that I just spent $450 on a BRAND NEW ipod, i used it for one day, and now they're going to send me a re-furbished one.i ship them my ipod, and i don't hear anything more about for about 3 weeks. i called them a few times, but none of them could REALLY tell me where it was, or the status of the repair. after about a month, i get a new one back in the mail. i use this for about an hour, and i notice the same problem, the battery is not lasting near as long as they say it should/will.THIS IS THE IMPORTANT PART!!!My twin brother also ordered an ipod, and he runs the exact same system at home that i do. he has his own computer, but i mean they're the same specs on both of them, and no matter what he does, he just CANNOT get his ipod to read on his system. he messed with it for about 3 days, spent hours on the phone with apple, and they finally tell him to send it back, and they'll send him a refurbished one also. so he sends it in, get's his "new" one back, and it works this time. so he gets all of his music on it, and after about 4 hours of use, the hard drive on it crashes. i mean CRASHES, it's competely toasted. (he didn't beat his ipod up either, we treat our toys very well, especially the ones that cost hundreds of dollars), he was just lying on the couch listening to some music, and he sits up real quick and says "this thing just crashed!!" so he called apple support again, and after a few hours on the phone with them, they tell him that it DID crash, and to send it back for another refurbished one. right now he's in the process of trying to get his money back.BOTTOM LINE: i really really wanted to love this product, i read all of the rave reviews, and i became obsessed with owning one! but let me tell you, it just hasnt been worth it. they're far to expensive to have these kinds of problems with them.IF YOU DON'T OWN AN APPLE COMPUTER, DON'T GET ONE!!! IT REALLY IS JUST A GAMBLE!!please don't make the same mistake that we did. these things just arent ready for a computer that doesnt say apple on it.
I'm only giving the ipod two stars, and i'm being generous. why?I ordered my Ipod, and within two weeks it had stopped working. I happily sent it back and was, weeks later, given a replacement. This time it didn't work right out of the box! After hours on hold and begging for a refund, I was told that I couldn't have my money back because I didn't send it back in the first ten days!(if only I could have predicted the breakdown of my expensive impulse buy!)so, I was sent a third Ipod. Get this...It was engraved to someone else, and even included the other persons email address! It wasn't even a new pod, but a referbished one. I emailed the young lady who's pod it was, and she answered that the whole thing was "f'd up".I decided to keep it, because at least it worked this time, but be careful before you leap. Apple didn't help me at all, and i'm stuck wishing i'd stuck with cds and mixtapes. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK
The Ipod was once a King of all digital music players but it is very close to becoming obsolete. WHY? #1 Battery life, #2 lack of recording ability, #3 Proprietary software RESTRICTIONS. MP3's really don't sound anywhere near as good as CD's. Sure you can play WAV files on an Ipod but it uses up battery so fast (3 HOURS!) that it isn't feasible, especially since you have to pay Apple $100 to replace your batteries every year or two. The future of music will be higher quality with bigger files, but since higher bandwidths require more battery power, Ipod will not have the muscle to compete with other players. Look for a player with an internal Lithium Polymer battery. Also, try to get a Jukebox that is plug-and-play and doesn't need drivers or software.
If it wasn't for the inaccurate battery indicator and rediculously small amount of charge it will hold and retain, I'd give the iPod 5 stars.  While you may be able to get 6+ hrs of &quot;continuous&quot; playback on one full charge, that will hardly be the case in real life.  If I mix music listening with file transfer on my iPod, battery life is the sorriest I've seen out of any portable device I've used.  On a full charge with an almost brand new ipod, and yes, it was properly discharged during the previous cycle, it would only last about half an hour for file transfers. Apparently, the continous harddisk spin contributed greatly.  I purchased my ipod as not only a walkman, but a portable storage device as well.  And that's what's worth the extra bucks to make the iPod stand out from the rest of competition. And if the battery won't keep up with the device, I can only give a generous 2 stars.
At first when I received my iPod, I was very excited, and had quite high expectations to the product, but these expectations didn't seem to last for long. IPod is said to have approximately 8 hours of continuous play. I though those 8 hours could just cover it - so I bought it.Here the thing: my iPod was able to play 3-4 hours of music, depending on how often I changed songs, used the backlight etc.Pros:- Great Design: nice touch wheel and easy to operate- Good Playback: awesome sound and good earphones- Nice Features: browse songs, playlists etc.Cons:- Battery Life: the battery life totally ruins this product!- Scratches Easily: especially the metal back of the iPod scratches very easily.- Technical Errors: during my short relationship with the iPod, I experienced several errors, mostly when charging from the docking station.The bottom line: don't buy this product!
Let's face it, the puny 128 mb players are expensive and worthless.  That is why we are moving up to the bigger leagues.  Well there has been big competitors trying to run the 20 gb market.  Dell has one, rio has a nice smaller one than ipod, neuros, archos, and **Creative**.  Now why did I stat Creative?  First I will explain why I gave the ipod 2 stars.First off, I have two 20 GB MP3 Players.  I have a Creative Labs Nomad Jukebox 3 (Same thing as the Zen) and a 20 GB Ipod.Good:Setup was simple and transferring files to the ipod was fast.  It comes with a nice docking station and yes it is small.Bad:Let me uncover the truth about the ipod that no one knows about and that people never will say because they are now stuck with the pod like me.  Apple will tell you I believe when you open the box that the pod is meant for your computer ONLY.  That means you can't go over to a friend's house and copy your friends music.  Ok well that isn't legal, but no matter what there are people who want to do that everyone knows that will happen, SO WHAT MOVE ON.  So you are limited to only your PC.  Now here is the tricky thing that no one even think of.  Take my computer for example.  I had the virus that spreaded across the net and I like to reformat my drive every year to give it that nice fresh start.  ****Warning**** IF YOU REFORMAT A DRIVE OR ACTUALLY TRY TO INSTALL IPOD ON ANOTHER COMPUTER, EVERY SINGLE THING WILL BE ERASED!!!!  That is what happened to my Ipod.  See when you reformat a drive, you have to install the software over again because everything is erased off the computer.  So when you reinstall it on your pc or a friend's pc, the ipod does not like when you try to copy so the software has a reset in it and will wipe out everything you have.  I have 2,000 songs and 4 months of work (because I have other work to deal with) gone down the drain as if I never touched the d*** pod.  Secondly, unless there is some way to change the settings, every cd burned, ipod makes a copy of each song in the library making you have to erase each copy which becomes extremely annoying because it makes a copy of it on your ipod which is so stupid.  Unlike the creative, you can't change anything directly from the device, only on the computer which isn't good either.Now back to the Creative.  I have the Jukebox 3 which is the SAME EXACT THING as the Zen.  Zen has a different style so that is why it is called that.  To prove it is the same, check the prices at Comp usa and other stores.  They still sell my at the same price as the Zen.  Plus all the firmware and accessories are made for both devices.  The creative allows you to use it on anyone's computer and it is compatible with everything.  Apple is known for having there products strictly work for them.  The drastic windows change didn't change that much.  Apple you are limited to there firewire and usb attachment and you must have every wire that comes with it or else you have to buy it again because you can't just go to a normal store and buy any usb or firewire because it won't fit your pod.  Creative will work with anything.  you can go out and purchase any cable for it.Next is the firmware.  It comes with a simple easy to use program where you can see everything on your computer and see your device on the other screen.  the scrolling is great and the sound quality is superb.  You can choose some great accessories for it.  I purchased a $68.00 FM Tuner with built in Microphone and mini display with the play, stop, fast forward, and rewind all on it.  The biggest difference is the price of the Creative.  It is $100 cheaper than the pod and it has more features and works well.  Ipod has gotten so much publicity when I feel it shouldn't.  Creative has been knocked down just because it isn't white and a couple inches smaller.  Creative truly is better.  It isn't as if I wanted to advertise it because i am a Creative fan because this is my first product I purchased from them besides the standard soundblaster built into Home PC's.  I have both the Ipod and Creative Labs and I would take Creative over ipod any day.  My mother went with the hype and bought the ipod and I took the Creative going with my instincts and a lot of reviews.  Look who came out as the winner.  I still have my songs and less of a headache.  Don't make the same mistake like my mother.
I bought my first iPod 5 GB player in Feb. 2002 because i was going away for 5 weeks and didn't want to lug a bunch of CD's around.  I loved it immediately, and in the next two years everyone who has come into contact has loved it, both when playing with it at parties where it acted as DJ and in cars where it kept us entertained for hours.So what's the problem?  In exactly 2 years since i've owned the iPod, i'm now on my THIRD iPod which yesterday died a death.  The first one inexplicably died with a hard disk crash after a mere 8 months.  Apparently i didn't qualify for a replacement, but due to company screwups Apple accidentally sent me one anyway.  This second one almost immediately started showing battery issues, going from the spec. of 10 hours down to as little as 5 hours of battery life.  After 4 months I couldn't take it any more and moved onto my THIRD iPod.  In exactly one year, this one has crashed with a hard drive failure and Apple says it will cost me $249 + Shipping to replace it.So the count is 3 iPods in 2 years, with the original costing me $399.  I think I think that although the design is genius, nobody at Apple bothered looking at how the thing would work in the real world, for someone who uses it every day.  I didn't even drop the thing, i believe it just wore out (well, 2 of them did and the third had the notorious case of the battery hijinks).To summarize, the iPod is a terrific design, and buy it if you plan to use it sparingly.  If you actually intend to use it almost every day, you're throwing your money away and will have to replace it fairly quickly.  If you don't mind spending $300 or $400 every one to two years, then it's okay.  If like me you're outraged at buying a product that fits your needs for 5 years but only lasts barely 2, then go elsewhere.
I wish I could say more positive things about this iPod.  I was really excited to get it, with an education discount and huge rebate from Apple, for less than half of the list price.  Otherwise I never would have considered spending four hundred on something like this.Anyway, I must have gotten one of the first ones off the assembly line, and it worked okay for a day.  Then it crashed.  I had to download the OS and reformat the iPod, which, of course, deleted all the files on the HD.  Not a big deal except that I live in Mexico and all my files were transferred from a computer in the US the day before!It worked alright for about 3 more days but now refuses to turn on.  It has nothing to do with the hold switch.  When I plug it in to charge, the screen acts funny.  It will function and play music as long as it's plugged in.  When I unplug it, it says the battery needs to be charged, regardless of how long it has already been charging.  The LCD screen has traces on it already, although I've probably used the thing for a total of 4 hours.  I don't know what the deal is.  It shows the battery charging icon, but apparently there is something wrong with the hardware.  I'm totally disappointed since I am in a foreign country and getting back to the Apple Store will be next to impossible.I had an Archos jukebox for awhile, which is also a totally unreliable piece of junk but at half the price, and with better featurs than the iPod.  Apple is really good with aesthetics but so far I'm not convinced that their hardware is much better than the rest.  By the way, I absolutely hate Apple desktops--the keyboard, the mouse, the unit itself.  Talk about cute and unusable!  Now I feel the same about my iPod.  Hopefully they will prove me wrong when I finally take it back.
I have tried this player in personsounds is not so specialthe control is not that hard, but somehow the dial is too easy to move, that may make some mis-operationthere're 2 things I don't like1. no .ogg support, after found the high-fidelity of .ogg format, I made thousands of them to replace mp3s I made, alas, this player don't support2. no recording feature$399 is way too high with fewer features, I personally not recommend, no matter the cool look, function and support are more important for me
Overly expensiveProhibitive file transfer (one computer only)Bad battery lifeBattery replacement costs at least $50 moreUSB/Firewire cable not includedNo playlist generation on the flyLimited file type supportSmall screenOversensitive/difficult to use touch interfaceBut if you want to spend hundreds for a brand name, be my guest...In the meantime I will go against the status quo happily with my Creative Labs Nomad Jukebox Zen in hand.
I've had this product for 10 days now, and i'm very disapointed with it. I loved it when i opened the box, charged the batteries, turned on and found out about the extra features it had (contacts, notes etc). The dispointment was when I found out i had to pay extra $40 for firewire card. After downloading some CDs into the iPod there was more disapointment.I'm just surprised that not too many people perceive the bad sound quality of iPod. The Bass is very bad even in good headpphones. Even my girlfriend that is not a sound freak perceives the difference from my other mp3 players.Of course the battery life is discouraging too, but this is a known issue mentioned by many users.I'm returning my iPod today and thinking of iRiver instead. The more songs iPod can hold and play them in bad quality the more reason to get rid of it.
Ok this is my story. *A TRUE STORY*Once opon a time a 15 years old want an ipod! he said:-is cool one week of music! yey ipod ipod!The teen went to best buy ,and buy the 20GB and he said:-wohoooo ipod ipod! yey! , and when he go to his home he read all the manual and he insert the apple disk to install it.- Ipod Ipod! wooohoooo! , i only need the usb connection,NO USB CONNECTION-omg i need a firewire!He go directly to best buy and buy the firewire connection , $59.99 :(Ok he go directly to his home and he install the firewire.And then he try to install the ipod. &lt;1 error occured&gt; , he reset his laptop and then try again , he install it ,-FINNALLY! Wow i have itunes! yey! itunes!(later)WOW THIS IPOD IS GREAT THE MUSIC! THE BATTERY! THE GAMES! IS COOL!&lt;error occured&gt;NOOOOO  the ipod freezed!(later-when he read the &quot;tips and troubleshooting&quot; and when he spend 2 hours finding why on [...])The ipod don't work and the poor 15 years old(me) is sad because he spend all his money of xmass on that $h!+
I bought an iPod about two weeks ago.  I knew relatively little about it... just that it was small & could fit roughly around 20gb (~5000 songs).  Thats small-potatoes compared to what would-be-mp3 customers should know.  What I'm really trying to say is you should really do some research before you decide to get something and Amazon's reviews don't really cut it when it comes to electronics (CNET.COM is the perfect site to look for reviews).Pros:  The iPod is very sleek, pretty, and easy to handle.  It can play a variety of audio files and can be used for storage (You probably see this in comercials all the time)Cons:1.)  Battery life.. 6 hours is pushing it. If you play around with it, you'd be lucky if you got 4 or 5 (in other words, battery life stinks on iPod).2.)  No voice recorder.  If I had known that other mp3Players had built-in recorders I would have opted.3.)  Clutter.  I haven't heard anyone mention this... but the earbud wires are really long, especially w/ remote and its just bothersome.I returned my iPod the seventh day I owned it.If you're really interested in getting a TRUE MP3 Player, opt for the iRiver iHP 120 instead.(...)  But if you are as smart, look into it's performance as compared to the iPod.
My ipod froze several days after I got it causing me to reboot. It kept freezing every day from then on, the battery life sucked, and by the end the music playing from it sounded hollow and basically, the thing crapped out. Ipod sucks, apple sucks, and I am gettingthe Rio Carbon when it comes out.I suppose I might have just gotten a lemon, but for $300 apple should have better product control. So if you are in the market for an ipod....beware!And one more thing, everyone is getting the ipod, making me not want to be like everyone else in a sea of white cords and ear buds. Am I alone on this???
Ever since sony stopped making the cassette player in Japan, the quality went down. I use cassette players for language lesson as I can stop and repeat whereever I want, unlike CD that I have to replay the entire track. Sony product used to last years. This lasted not even a year. I am buying used old cassette players and they are very good. Sony should not have the product made outside Japan.
A fair radio for an environment with moisture.  Reception and sound are fair, not good.  Biggest disappointments are the draining of the batteries (with short use...only when I'm showering or using lavatory in morning may last one week) and flash drive is too small (5 mp3 songs?) and difficult to setup.  The controls are difficult to operate...tiny and not very sensitive.The case/housing for the radio is beautiful and better looking than the online photo.  The durable plastic looks great in any contemporary bathroom.
I was happy to find an MP3 shower radio. I was not happy that the flash storage that it comes with is only 32MB.. What the heck am I going to do with a 32MB flash drive.I figured when I bought it that I could just by another flash drive roughly the same physical size as the one they include in this mp3 player..Unfortunatly it didn't work. Not because it wouldn't fit, or that the USB device itself is physically unique, it isn't. The softare however and the storage format of the Pavit is. You have to install the Pavit software to transfer mp3's from your computer to the Pavit format. DON'T LOSE THE CD.. if you do and you have to reinstall, you are ... you know.This would be bearable if I could put songs in the Pavit format on my own USB drive... NOPE. You HAVE to use a PAVIT usb storage device. Which brings me back to 32MB!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME????
the size of the pads is why i ordered them , but when i opened two of them the edge's of the pads curled up and would not stay down , i had to tape them to the dash , not a very neat install but its all i could do with these pads . even after a week sitting on my dash in the sun the pads would not lay flat..
Didn't really work as well as I thought.  I wouldn't buy another one.  Dust and lint stick to it too and then it doesn't work so great. Didn't really hold my stuff very well even new.
It does not lie flat. The edges roll up.  Purchased during the earliest of spring months, I thought that the warmer days, and sun through the windshield would assuredly take care of that issue. However, the product edges refuse to adhere and lie flat to the dash.It does hold things without losing them as you drive. I travel the roads of Vermont. Some are pothole, frost heave rich, and even dirt roads can be found here and there. Still my cell, glasses, and pretty much anything (sans drinks) remain steady and put.Now, if they can only fix the edges .. it would be a fine product!
Yes it holds things pretty well but i wasn't expecting it to catch and hold so much dust as well. Also the bottom &#34;sticky&#34; layer is not so sticky. I had to use my own adhesive.
Simply not as sticky as similar products by other manufacturers.  I have two other pieces purchased from Amazon, that work much, much better.
not very satisfied with this product,just doesn't work very well, seemed like a great product, but just does not do the job I thought it would, thanks, Mike
It was great for a couple of weeks then it didn't work very well.... Actually it is worthless now. POS!
I bought this sticky pad in the spring (April 2006, I believe) and through no over-use on my part it has now lost its stickiness and is very ineffective. It is also peeling off the dash. It is only 3 months old, so this makes no sense to me. I recommend getting a different brand that might last longer.
I read the description saying it would stay put on the dashboard and would hold your glasses and things like that.  I cannot even get it to stay on the dash just by itself.  Followed directions to clean the dash first.  Waste of time and money.  Unfortunately I'm going to have to return it.  Too bad as it is very nice looking.
My phone did not stick at all which was my intention for buying. Not worth the buy, and wouldn't recommend.
Very sticky at first, but soon thereafter (maybe several weeks) it becomes slick - phone goes airborne.  If I put it under water and scrub with my fingers, it seems to return some stickiness.  Maybe I'll try some sandpaper, however it's not as advertised.
The handstands pad works great on most places - though on my dashboard it doesnt seem to stick properly - the items stay on, but it doesnt stick properly to the dashboard.I later bought a nanogrip from nanogrip.dk - even though its a bit more expensive, this one actually WORKS - almost too good ;p
Doesn't actually play MP3s, but a propriety format converted during transfer. Every computer needs their special software. Headphones themselves are floppy and are easily displaced by even modest activity.
Save your $30.  I ordered one and it worked well for a cheap boombox.  You do have to finagle the cassette to get it in far enough for the door to close.  So I ordered another as an extra for home.  Same problem with the cassette door.  Now both boxes are chewing up(irreplaceable)cassette tapes.  For a cheap box it has pretty good sound.  Radio and cd player are fine so far.  Just don't try to play cassette tapes in it.  And that's the reason I ordered them.
I bought this CD/Cassette Player for my daughter for Christmas. She has used it for 3 weeks and there didn't seem to be any problem until I was listening to a CD. It worked for the first hour and then started freaking out. Then it wouldn't play the CD anymore. Its only good to play 1 CD and then it has to rest for a couple hours.I bought a new CD player because the one I've had for years wore out. I'm pretty sure we aren't that hard on CD players. The old CD player that we have(the one we wanted to replace) works better than this new one. Also it is not very loud, you almost have to turn it up to full volume to hear the music.
Radio all right, disc player works ok, but tape player didn't last, broke down soon. Antennae broke off as well. Inexpensive, though, and received quickly.
I bought this unit to use in my bedroom.  I wanted to have music or listen to recorded books in the back of the house.  I've only used it about 30 times in the past 2 years.  Now the CD player rarely works.  I played one of three CDs for a recorded book and then the next ones wouldn't play.  We've not been able to get anything to play on it since.  It had great sound and works for radio.  I've never used it for casettes, so I don't know if it works or not.  I just know I won't buy a Coby again.
Worked great but like other reviewers warned, the cassette player part broke shortly after using it.  Now cant play tapes at all.
I just opened the Colby CD250 and heard some great sounds from CD, cassette and radio. But recording them was another story. When recording from a CD,a big hiss can be heard between tracks and during soft sounds of the songs. The unit is supposed to have a volume leveler. It does not. The sound quality of recorded music from CD or radio is very poor. It plays back distorted and, if from CD, the hiss I mentioned before. The unit is good for tapes recorded elsewhere, CDs and radio. But if you want a unit to record CDs or radio, get something else.
It only lasted a few months with light use and never being taken out of the room it was used in. The CD function doesnt work properly but skips on the first song of every CD. Now finding out how they will warranty it!
The tape player only worked once. I like the remote option and so far the cd player has been working. The radio doesn't work well either (I tried another stereo in the same spot and it worked).
tuning dial for FM is out of sync with actual station number and not enough power
I know this isn't an expensive machine but still the CD player quit working in less than 6 months. The remote control only changes the CD track. No power switch,no volume control. All a bit disappointing
This product is not a good purchase.  I bought it to play both cd's  and tapes.  The tape player is awful...the door will only close if you wiggle and jiggle the cassette just so.....the cd player works well.  I would return it but it would cost me more in shipping than this machine cost in the first place.
I bought the least expensive CD player listed above.Seems to have a mind of its own...................while listening to it, the music will soften, then get louder, no matter what CD you play on it. It has a tinny sound, and there's no way to alter the tone. Can only take one CD at a time. Not impressed at all.
THIS UNIT ONLY RECORDS FROM RADIO OR CD. NOT LIVE RECORDING WHICH IS WHAT I WANTED TO DO. RECORD THE GRANDCHILDREN PLAYING MUSIC.
I own another product by the same company and had no problem, so what the heck, I will get another one.But this model has extremely poor radio reception. It gets only about 1/3 of the stations I can get with a similar radio.Considering how little I paid, the sound quality is all right for listening to voice recording, and the remote controller is not very useful.I thought about sending it back, because of the poor radio reception, but since my son (who uses it primarily) only listens to recorded books on casettes and CDs, I decided to keep it.
I originally purchased this to go along with my Creative Mp3 player. Package arrived, I hooked it up and it worked perfectly. About 3 months later, I began having problems with the sound. I would have to fiddle with the cord and make sure it was at the right angle or it would cut in and out. Eventually, It just went dead.Remember, there are other items like this on the market, and this is by far on the lower part of the spectrum. You get what you pay for. I wouldn't reccomend it.
if u have windows its probably better. mac osx an 9.2 make duplicate non playable files  (ie._filename.mp3) and the player stops after each track. so unless u manually remove the fake file it will not go from song a to song b and so on. also usb isnt 2.0 on older macs. the newer macs have usb 2.0 and if u have a good ds store remover program and usb 2.0 its worth the money. otherwise pc speed would be good
CAVEAT EMPTOR! When you order from RAREWAVES be very careful that you are ordering the product you want. This headset will only work with cell phones. I wanted one which would work with a conventional, cordless land-line phone. The advertising did not make this clear. The vendor told me I could return it for a refund, but postage back to the UK is prohibitively expensive so I am stuck.
I bought these to use while I am jogging and what a mistake that was.  I used them once and then bought something else.  The ear loops did not secure the headphones at all.  The left ear kept falling off and eventually I took them off from annoyance.  The sound was god awful as well. It was like listening to your neighbor's static-y TV through an apartment wall.  Try jogging with a gramaphone if you want comparible quality and comfort.  Avoid these unless you are stationary and hard of hearing.
Cheap. Broke after only a couple of months. But, like the title says, you get what you pay for.
You pay for what you get. It was very easy to build. Nice little project. One problem. The frequencies slightly moves. +/- 0.1MHz over time making you chase it around the dial every few hours.
Kit is good.The instructions are great.It is a very easy kit to build.The problem is I have built three or these and So far none is working asadvertised.  I have not played with changing resistor/ cap. yet due to time.It may start working if I change as per the instructions.
I thought this item was going to make some interesting sounds, but I guess not.  I ordered a kit from Vellane kits that makes lots of different sounds/noises.  I saw one site where you could actually listen to the sound the product makes before you buy it.  I think it was a back up alarm for a vehicle.
I would have really liked this item except when I was playing the music, the singers were loud and clear in my left ear, and quiet on the right.  However, the band played in both ears.  I used the right file types so I am not sure if it was just the quality of the product or a defect.  Unfortunately I put down quality so I think I won't be getting a full refund instead of defect which I know think I should have put.  Anyone else have this problem?
I purchased this product for a trip to France, as the voltage their is 220 so a simple plug converter is not sufficient. However, upon arrival I found that this one does not work anywhere in France, as they have recessed cylindrical plugs, so this won't even plug in. I will say that the company did stand behind their product though and gave me an RMA to return for a refund, so this is not a criticism of them per se, just be sure that it is compatible with the plug style where you're going.
When I needed to buy a flash drive for my classwork, I thought about getting a plain-jane jump/flash drive.  But I never have been one to just get a basic gadget.  I have to get one that does multiple tasks.  And when I saw this one that is a jump drive/mp3 player/recorder all-in-one, I thought I found the perfect gadget for myself.  It worked fine for a while - maybe a month or so, but then things got bad.  It progressively got worse over a few months but now barely works at all.  The problem is that it shuts itself off when tapped.  Any small bump or touch (and I mean small as in touching it with a finger) and it shuts off.  At first I thought it was the batteries, but it continued to have the problems even with fresh batteries.  It might be a short within the drive but I can't even use it anymore to listen to mp3's.  Works pretty good when I plug it into my computer.  Funny thing is that I have NEVER dropped it or even abused it. I always take care of my "toys," but this one just went bad. Love the storage (512mb).  But just touching it the wrong way causes it to shut down completely.  I am sure others work flawlessly and its nice to have, but mine lost most of its functionability after just a month.
my first mp3 player.  a good learning experience on the cheap, but i found that you get what you pay for.  sent it back to Buslink for the second time, recently - first fail was the volume control stopped working - second fail (on a brand-new replacement) was the headphone jack will only play one channel.  Buslink customer service is GOOD, with 1-year warranty (past 30-days on first fail, so too late to return to original internet seller).  controls and operating system are crude (expected on a cheap-o off-brand), and the display is too tiny - battery indicator must about 1mm in size.  Not a bad unit, but i wish it worked more than it was in the shop.  I won't send it back a third time - not worth the postage and hassle - i'll just use it as a pen drive.  i now think an ipod shuffle would be better, for not much more money, and you would only be giving up the display.
I want to believe all of the positive reviews; I really do!  But at the moment I'm still having problems with the downloading and uploading of the firmware.  I know, I know:  do it in recovery mode!  Whatever that is!  (Don't worry, I've been to the site and followed the directions 20+ times!)And as for customer support...I got a message giving hours and "Good bye" ( I did called during the hours CS was supposedly open).  I had a MPIO and wanted something more reliable but once again find the software package and manual (so big and so little information!) are not intuitive or easy to use.  Maybe the Mac Nation is right.And as for that first review posted here on Amazon.com, I hope that guy got a bonus; he must be working for Cowan!Don
At first I loved the compact iAudio player, but after the first week, the earphone input (hole in the player), didn't hold the input jack securely, resulting in no sound.  I could jiggle it in the hole resulting in sound for about a second, but could not get it to work continuously.  Unfortunately, I threw away my receipt and box, or I would return it.
I own a jetaudio G3 now so this is a comparison.Pros.-SD expansion slot for cards up to 1GB in capacity. (One of the reasons why this player had my attention)-Well built sturdy material, better than the G3 and the looks is better at least to me.Is made of a rubberized material that is soft to the touch, not slippery and can absorb more impacts if falling, etc-Excellent LCD screen, very readable even with no backlight on, is clearer than the G3 but not as clear as my Casio watch.-FM transmitter, while I didn't bought this unit for that feature, for some people this might be something useful, in fact it seems that who made this device got too exited around the FM transmitter idea to the point of forgetting other more essential features. Basically the FM transmitter will suck a good deal of batt juice and the quality is not good.-FM recording and Voice recording are best than G3, is quite unusual but this player saves in the WMA format, but the compression quality is really good, For voice there are three quality selections Low, Medium and High (which are 32, 64 and 96Kbps respectively) even at the 32Kbps low setting the voice recording were good, better than the G3. For FM recording there is no selection so it records only in  WMA 96Kbps, but the quality is better than G3 MP3 128Kbps.-Relatively low price, around $130 (online-shipped in the US) for the 512MB model.-Fast boot-up time, way faster than the G3, to the point that in not really an issue.CONS:-The player won't resume where it left off and it defaults always to the internal memory segment (the SD and internal memory are not integrated), so to get it to play the music in the SD card you have to press the incredible amount of 12 times!!! digging through menus, provided you don't made a mistake. This is a total joke, when I encountered this I immediately thought that this player has no chance at all, what was Lexar thinking !!!!!-Bad sound quality, the sound simple clips or distort when the music goes out of range, more obvious using the EQ modes.-There is no real bookmarks but something that is similar to playlist in G3 but is badly implemented.-The battery is internal and no replaceable, so if you use this thing frequently, the recharging chore will add to the bulk of errands you have in your busy life. For me rechargeable/removable AA is the way to go.-Navigation is done using two horizontal levers similar to the ones in the iA5 with a click down. I found that overall is really cumbersome and hard to navigate, I liked better the joystick and navigation in the G3, it is miles ahead.-The manual is incomplete, so it leaves the user wondering about many features and functions, this is totally inexcusable and reflects how lousy the people who made this gadget was.-Support ? which support, there is no firmware upgrades web site or better manual, all that you have is the e-mail and phone support. By the way I contact support and they respond after one day to let me know that there is no plans to support OGG Vorbis with this player.So Back to the store is going.After trying this stuff, I realized how bad things can go, so I appreciate better now how good the G3 is.Don't be fooled by the specs this player is a no no.
I bought a 700 series iRiver to use at the gym, which came with this Armband, at first it was great, but it didn't last, there are two clasps which don't sta attcked well, and the pocket that holds the mp3 player itself is held together with a glue that comes undone after a few weeks of daily use.
I admit that originally I purchased the Xonix watch, because I wanted to secretly record certain conversations and for that purpose the item is great. But once at it, why not use it for listening music? That's where the problem entered the picture. I bought the watch in December 2004. After checking, testing, figuring out the functions, I was floored, it was all great. I even overlooked the extremely slow transfer of the files on the USB 1.1 connection (no USB 2.0). Little bulky too, but no big deal. The features are comparable to similar MP3 players, all squeezed into a watch. Great.The problem came when all of the sudden the earphone started to malfunction. Like in "bad contact". First I totally lost the left channel, than the right channel started to skip, finally nothing came through the earphones. All that in less than two months. I wanted to return the item where I bought it (not through Amazon), they declined stating that the 30 days warranty period expired. I contacted the manufacturer and to my great surpize, they were very nice and offered an exchange through them. Of course I had to pay for the postage, but I was willing to swallow that so I can get a new one. And I did. That was sometimes in early March. Everything was fine until a few days ago. Guess what. The earphone contact. I lost one channel.Two out of two? Although I maybe extremely unlucky, but I don't believe in that kind of stuff, I concluded that the earphone plug design is flawed. In fact, it must be fundamentally flawed if it went down in both cases, after light usage in less than two months.So, unless you are not interested using the item for listening music, but spying on other people (which works fine independently from the earphones, you can transfer the voice files to your computer via the USB port and listen it from your computer) I recommend that you don't buy the Xonix watch, unless the company redesigns the earphone connection. If they do, the Xonix watch will make a great item (it has an over 4 hour battery time which is spectacular from a tiny unit like this and recharges real fast). Too bad it fails on something fundamental as an earphone connection.
Frustration awaits you as you discover that supplied low quality earphones must be plugged into 2.5mm jack. You can't use your own 3.5mm regular phones.  Get ready to spend some time looking for 2.5mm to 3.5 mm adapter and $15-20 extra. This kind of adapter isn't that common, I couldn't even find one on ebay. As for the functions, they are primitive. Have to have your computer at hand to recharge the internal battery thru USB port.
I was so disappointed in this MP3 player, I returned it.  First it felt very cheaply built.  The USB plug was difficult to extend and retract, you felt like you were going to break the unit by extending it.Second, I had some problems with the software.  When plugged in, the device would show up as a new drive letter, but if it sat idle for a couple of minutes, it would freeze up and you wouldn't be able to access it unless you replugged it in.Third the device is supposed to work with DRM'd music purchased from sites such as Napster.  After reading the FY400's very skimpy documentation, it turns out that you need to use Digitalway's Windows Media Player plugin to transfer these DRM files to the player (or they won't play).  Fair enough, except that the plugin refused to transfer these files to the device.Finally Digitalway's software manager is supposed to allow you manage the music on the device, and it could not detect the player at all.On the plus side, it sounded good.  But it wasn't worth the constant trouble it was causing, and I returned it for something else.
I was so excited at first when i opened the package of my mpio 20gb mp3 player. Documentation is bad and provides little information how to operate it properly. The unit almost always hangs when you touch the slider at once when shifting from radio to mp3 music. then i have to use a paper clip to reset and start again. But this erases my preset radio stations. Upgraded firmware didnt help also. Nice clear sounds though. Sturdy body. Nice blue backlight. Battery life too short. Got so annoyed about the constant hanging of the unit, that i sold it to someone and got myself an i-river H320 which can play videos, show photos, record radio or external source.
My experience was with the 40 GB version of the HD300.  Mine died within a couple of weeks, after I had used it only a dozen times.  I suspect the hard drive gave up the ghost, as it froze on boot and couldn't be powered off or anything -- I had to wait for the battery to run down overnight.I found the touchpad and navigation usable but not wonderful.  I liked the fact that the HD300 shows up on a computer as a USB mass storage device and songs can be transferred by drag and drop, but was disappointed to find that I still had to run an application on my computer (called MPIO utility) in order to be able to search songs on the player.  I was also quite bummed to find that the HD300 has no support at all for custom playlists.
OK, I got this item 3 days ago. I absolutely think the sound quality is the best I've heard for a less expensive MP3 option but I've had nothing but problems other than that. It's overheated after only 30 minutes of play, the battery died once after a full charge in only an hour and 15 minutes and the second time in only 50 minutes. I think it's a shame that I'm going to have to use my warranty and return this item because I did spend a decent amount of time setting it up for use. I would not suggest this item to anyone based on my experience
Outside Olympus not many units to get to tape personal audio. If you have it in your pocket, the running light is visible and the slow fast feature is always one way, or another when it should be in the middle. The normal double record time button had to be glued to normal (ever try to review a one and a half side of one tape for dialogue?). AND if you try to tape sounds that require silence in the background, and you can do that, you will hear a tap tap tap tap in the background from the unit itself. Past a few feet it will not pick anything up so I dont know how they feel you can use it at meetings. The tape counter doesnt work well (have to press it twice to reset) and dont get me started on audio tapes (never space for labeling info/ways to mark sections of tap and the packaging needs tools to get open).
A lot dimmer than any advertising photos would imply.  Additionally, the various cover/shells are pretty mediocre as well...Any positive reviews at sites like engadget are questionable at best (yes, if someone gave me this stuff for free I'd probably give it a better review as well -- especially knowing that good reviews lead companies to send me even more free stuff to review;-)In a lit room, very little is visible on the walls/ceilings -- there are about 10-15 small points of light that have a rather dull pattern of movement -- the interesting patterns are made up of tiny refractions but these points of light are very dim & are not visible in a lit room.I'd suggest waiting a while -- I'm sure someone else will come out with a far superior product as LEDs&lasers; are becoming brighter & cheaper.
Without the glass diffuser in place, the Laserpod casts a handful of slowly moving, red-laser dots on the ceiling.  Yawn.  The blue LED doesn't do anything for me either.  With the glass diffuser in place it is capable of displaying the kinds of unusual patterns that they show in their adds.  It's a step in the right direction but the range is very limited, even in a darkened room, and the figures are not as sharp and bright as they show.  Figure about 5 feet as the maximum projection distance.  Also keep in mind that the Laserpod is designed to cast projected images on the ceiling, so unless you're fond of looking up a lot, this is a significant inconvenience.They also include two domed tops which you can use with the Laserpod.  These are designed to be looked at; they do not cast an image on the wall or ceiling.  The only value I can see in the Laserpod is running it with the glass difusser and one of the two domes in place; it's designed so that both the diffuser and one of the domes can be in place at once.  The smaller dome generates the most interesting images, but then you don't have much to look at because it is so small.  The taller domed top isn't quite as interesting, but because it's larger you get more to look at, and when I use my laserpod, that's what I keep on it.Overall, the tried and true Lava Light is more interesting and mesmerizing.  If you want something more modern, I suggest either Laser Stars or Laser Vibe.  Laser Vibe will generate peculiar patterns which dance to your music and is far more interesting than the Laser Pod.  Laser Stars is much more spectacular and hypnotic.
I just received this product in the mail today. I was fairly disappointed, especially after my friend hyped it up. It's basically either1) red dots on a blue background, or2) red wavy thingsThe diffusers basically just shut off the light, so I don't know what use they are. Also, you're only supposed to have it on for 4 hours.Might be a good $10 toy, but not worth the $100 + shipping I paid for it.
I got this for christmas, and it was awesome. for the first two days that is. First, the microphone didn't work, then the battery cover came off, then i filled it up with songs. sometimes the pause button doesnt work, and the buttons are to small. the white is way to shiny, and the screen is hard to read. the cord gets tangled in the lanyard, and it kills the batterys way to quick. definatly not recomennded.
Just as most reviews state, the Receptor's am/fm tuner is extremely weak for a radio of this "quality." I took some advice and tried a few "T" type antennas and found one that actually locks in (and holds 99% of the time) all local HD fm stations. It is a simple non-powered VHF/UHF Indoor TV antenna from Radio Shack (Product# 15-1874). Note: the dual-antenna poles must be folded out into the "T" position, which makes it very visible unless you can hide it behind a piece for furniture (i.e. its ugly). It has a 3' coax cable and connector that is the right guage/thickness to screw onto the back of the Receptor very tightly. I have not found the included AM antenna to work at all, even with the strongest of AM stations. But for FM & HD stations, the Receptor seems to work great with the right antenna.
I was disappointed in this first HD radio effort, and I do look forward to great improvements in the technology over the next few years.  The Boston Acoustics radio has been buggy for me, with power issues and also an occasional lockup requiring a "reboot."I have a Cambridge SoundWorks HD radio on order and I anxiously await testing that in the same scenario.
OK, I'll have to admit up front that I became interested in this radio because the clock looked really cool. The HD radio seemed like a nice bonus but wasn't my main reason for buying this radio.So, let me first review the clock. The dot-matrix display allows it to show nicely-rounded digits, but the digits are fairly small. Therefore those of you who wear glasses and plan to use this radio on a nightstand better think again. Even if you can read the clock, the display is VERY bright even at the lowest dimming level ... it casts a blue glow on the opposite wall and I can literally make shadow puppets on the wall. I had to point it away from the bed! Yes, it's that bad. I will probably end up moving it to another room or selling it for that reason alone.Next, the radio. While the sound quality is fine, it is afterall a tabletop radio and doesn't have the sound quality of a true hi-fi component. I really can't hear much improvement of the HD radio over standard analog broadcasts ... listening to "standard" FM on my home stereo with its larger speakers still sounds much better than listening to HD radio on the Receptor HD. So there really seems to be little point of the HD audio on a tabletop radio other than the potential new features like muticast, etc.  My next biggest gripes with the radio are lack of seek or scan buttons, and the kludgy station memory ... you can only add new channels to the end of the list.So, in summary, this radio excels at nothing and fails miserably as a bedside clock radio. If you are an early adopter who just *has* to be the first on your block to listen to HD radio, go for it. Otherwise, save your money.
Sad...VERY SAD considering the original monaural non-HD Receptor Radio at HALF the cost is a BEST OF CLASS!  I purchased the "original" several years ago, and since have given two as gifts plus recommended that product to over a dozen.  In EVERY case, the user satisfaction was overwhelmingly positive.  Audio quality (for its size) is stunning; FM reception is outstanding; AM reception and sound quality is well above the norm; and the radio is simply gorgeous.  Boston Acoustics is a fine company with a tradition of innovative, well built, high performance audio at an excellent price point.So BA returns with "Son of Receptor"--its new entry into the flawed world of terrestrial digital over-the-air AM/FM broadcasting.  Not since STEREO on the "Anciently-Modulated" AM band back in the 80s, has there been a technology accepted by the broad consumer public with so little enthusiasm.  One has to wonder WHY a company as well-settled as BA would even bother; since the technical deficiencies of this system were so apparent, and corresponding user dissatisfaction so easy to predict!  Basically, you can double the price of the original product (which--thank goodness--is still available), and for it--get an additional channel of audio plus HD radio capability on the AM and FM bands.Several other reviewers here have noted the sub-standard reception and poor value-added by the costly digital broadcast capability--I fully concur.  Note also, that most of the positive reviews of this radio are BY BROADCASTERS driven to promote this technology!  Fortunately, the outstanding audio amplification and speaker performance is retained in the Receptor HD unit--with dual-channel (stereo) capacity.  The addition of a line-level input provides a perfect interface and solution for playing a portable MP3 player at room-filling volume thru high quality speakers.  The Receptor HD retains all the fine features found in its predecessor.  Here, my accolades come to a screeching halt!Uninterested in purchasing this unit myself (and I'm a radio and technology addict), I had the opportunity to divert one destined for return by an unsatisfied buyer and give it a test drive.  I first ascertained that the unit was NOT defective--just "lackluster".  I noticed NO significant improvement in a station's audio quality in the HD mode on FM--in fact some sounded "shallow" when compared to their analog counterpart.  AM quality, on the scant few stations that could be received in digital, was substantially higher in fidelity and lower in noise--but those digital signals were very "fragile" (often dropping back to analog).  Overall, AM and FM reception on the more costly Receptor HD Radio is unimpressive at best, and well below that of its half-priced analog papa.Further consider that the IBOC FM digital transmission coverage is about HALF that of the corresponding analog service area (even less on AM), so there goes that "sterling-silver sound" you paid so dearly for in this product.  As for the multi-channel service on digital FM--its listenable area is even smaller still; and many of these "secret signals" are but low-bitrate streams offering sub-analog quality.  Most annoying about this unit is it's lack of provision for a "locked" mode selection back to the more reliable analog service WHEN (not IF) the digital reception falters.  How could the seemingly identical offspring of such an exceptional radio go flat in the more costly upgrade?  The simple answer I suspect lies in the IBOC system itself.Fact is...IBOC causes more reception problems than it mitigates, so how'd this ever get hatched?  Politics and corporate gain.  Interestingly, some of the partners in iBiquity (which exclusively licenses the IBOC digital technology to both stations and the consumer electronics industry) are the same corporate characters that bring you less variety and more commercials on current terrestrial radio.  The IBOC standard is unique to the U.S. alone.  Canada, Europe, the Pacific Rim--even Mexico use a superior system for digital radio transmission.In a morose way, the purchase of this radio contributes to several forms of delinquency.  Any large-scale advance in the popularity and propagation of the IBOC digital system is destined to dramatically increase interference on both AM and FM bands which already are deeply degraded by such. Furthermore, it also rewards the corporate broadcast players who literally "wrote their own rules" setting a digital standard--then profited from them while you pay double for a radio with lower performance than its analog equivalent.Here is yet another example of the "DIGITAL is NOT necessarily BETTER" reality.  I can't attest to the cost IBOC digital adds to this radio--I only know that its performance DOES NOT justify its price.  I'll save the $$$.$$ and install satellite radio... Or buy a bigger hard drive for *Tunes and the CDs I purchase here at Amazon!IBOC UPDATE 9/15/06:  A friend in Cincinnati purchased a complete car audio upgrade including a  VERY POPULAR, moderately-priced radio/CD head-end with SAT and IBOC HD-Radio capacity from a LEADING manufacturer.  The unit accommodated both SAT services which required only a MODESTLY-priced adapter kit; but "HD Radio" mandated the purchase of an $250 IBOC "tuner"--MORE than the head-end itself cost!  [That city offers an abundance of HD AM and FM stations since some broadcasters there are partnered in the "IBOC experiment".]  This capacity was added a week later after the retailer "special-ordered" the appropriate IBOC add-on.  This addition diminished the tuner's good performance to abysmal.  By day's end, he returned the high-priced HD Radio adaptor!  Now YOU be a smart consumer, and draw your own conclusions!
Boston Acoustics Receptor HD Clock Radio (Platinum)This radio does nothing well. It has trouble receiving local and HD stations, so that the sound goes in and out constantly.  It has far too much bass (which cannot be adjusted)so that it is almost useless as a radio unless you are listening to something that is all about the bass line.  And it doesn't always work - sometimes it turns itself off without warning (no, I am not setting it to sleep mode by accident), and loses the presets regularly.  I highly recommend you stay away from this overpriced, very disappointing radio.  I will certainly never buy another BA product after this experience.
Having seen this radio advertised in so many places, I was excited about trying it. However, I am very disappointed and will be taking it back to the store today. The reception is horrible, there is no seek option, you cannot change the amount of base (which is too much for me), it requires AC power, and it is way overpriced. The little wire antenna it comes with is laughably bad for such an expensive unit. Honestly, my 20 dollar boombox can get way more stations. one HD signal I was able to pick up kept going in and out every two seconds, and what I heard wasn't worth it anyway. Maybe this technology will get better in the future, but it is clearly not yet ready for prime time.
Looks great on paper and all, but sounds really bad. Way too much bass which realy muddies up the low end frquencies, regardless of location. I too have the original BA Receptor and I rate it much better overall in both reception, audio quality, and value. But since I am early adaptor, I just had to try the new one. It sounded so bad out of the box I knew something was wrong so I started adjusting a few things. By accident, I was able to access a hidden menu by continually pressing the clock button (under the controls lid) for 20 seconds or so. There are many more ways to adjust EQ, etc., but without a manual there are some adjustments I am hesitant to make. I did however attenuate the bass to almost nothing, but the unit resets itself after I leave the menu and goes back to sounding like do-do. Any thoughts?
There is a reason why Boston has discontinued this product....the HD doesn't work well if you do not get good reception. It can vacillate between the hd and analogue causing a weird bassy sound or an echo or it won't turn on if the reception is off. Probably great if you live in a city.
Bought a Receptor at Radio Shack. Hooked it up and it sounded great. The radio came on in the morning - perfect. Shut it off for the day. Came home and the unit would not turn on again. Fussed with it for 30 minutes - nothing. Display was on and showed signal, volume, all the signs of radio life. But nothing came out of the speakers. I will return today for a replacement. But the three strikes policy will apply.
Stereo separation is nice compared to other compact units with fixed speakers.The bass is way too boomy.  Luckily my MP3 player has a "bass cut" equalizer setting, which makes for very good sound.  However, there is no way to fix the radio (and yes, I've set the bass setting to -6 and filled the rear ports).I live 5 miles from downtown Chicago, not exactly the boondocks or overly saturated with high-rises.  Even so, I've had to attach both the newer external FM antenna and the rather large loop AM antenna--not very nice considering that the unit's compact size and clean look are among its most attractive selling points.  (You don't see the jumble of cables sticking out the back in any of the sales literature.)  Also, some of the HD radio stations (even whith a strong signal strength indication) tend to cut in and out for seconds at a time.  (I don't know if this is an issue with the radio or the radio station however.)Finally, a feature that all by itself is a non-issue, but becomes so when playing this unit in conjunction with other units is the slight delay in radio playback (apparently having something to do with HD reception).  If you have this radio and another radio in your home on and tuned to the same station, you will get a cave-like effect in locations where the sound from the 2 radios overlap.  I like to have multiple radios on when I'm doing chores around the house so that I can keep the volume levels reasonable everywhere.  This quirk of the HD radio makes such an arrangement headache-inducing.
Let's start with a reality check. AM & FM, even if in "digital", still sound like a tape. I've heard all the hype, and that's all it is. Save your money, buy a better external antenna and just get a better signal for your standard radios.
when i first recieved this player i was so happy with it's performance and for the price the amount of space is phenominal when compared with other brands. The device is easy and convinient to use, the joystick works well and the unit is a nice convinient size and weight.the included software, is basic and i prefered using window's media player b/c it is much more user friendly.My player had about 1200 songs on it and aside from a bit of extranious noise the player made i was happy with its overall performance and battery life. The player one day however wouldnot turn on, the opening screen would appear and then the player cuts blank even when plugged in and with a new battery. i am verry disapointed in this player, especially to find that i am not one of few whose players have simply refused to work, i would not reccomend that anyone buy this player, spend the extra bucks and get an ipod.
I now own three of these, and my computer will not recognize any of them. It works on my mother's computer and on my sister's computer, and they both love it (I'll be giving them each one for their birthday) but it doesn't work on mine or my boyfriend's, and Motorola's customer service was unable to tell me why or refund my money. After about 90 minutes on the phone with them, they sent me a replacement, which didn't work either. After another 2 hours on the phone with them (including hold time), they sent me another one. Each time, they were supposed to have UPS pick up the old one- and each time, UPS did not come.The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because clearly, it works with some computers, and for those people it might be great. If you want to try this product, buy it locally and be sure you can return it if it doesn't work. However, my recommendation is that you don't support Motorola at all- buy an iPod or a Creative product instead.
This player was an amazing deal based on the price and features. The players works well too for most of the time. However, within one year of owning it, I have had three major problems:- The infamous "Upgrader" problem where the player essentially becomes unusable. It was within the warranty period, so I sent it in for a replacement.- Battery died just as my first year of ownership ends. I don't plan to spend on another battery - just go for an IPod now I guess.- This was weird - I was travelling and put my finger on the LCD screen. After about 15 min I want to change the song, so I look at the screen and there is a foggy patch on it where my finger was! I tried to wipe it off, wait for it to go away etc. but the damn thing still persists on the screen! I put a screen protector now to avoid this happening again at another spot on the screen.Not too happy with the desktop software to transfer music either. I just drag and drop mp3s using Windows Explorer now.Overall, though the price was right, I got what I paid for. After other bad experiences with Motorola products (cell phones, landline phones etc.) I will stay away from their products now.
This player is a couple years old, it has no video or picture views or color for that matter.  The problem I had was that is malfunctioned most of the time I had it.  I had some time to use it, and when it worked, it was enjoyable, but those times were few and far in between.The player functions were pretty good, the voice recorder worked quite well.  The ease of use was great, but had too many problems to keep the player I had.  Keep in mind, I purchased a refurbished player, not the wisest choice for quality, but for the money, it seemed good.I had to mail the player back to the vendor, because of my many troubles with the player and hopefully they will refund my money. The trouble I went through with this is not worth my time or money for that matter.Seemed good, but not worth the trouble with all the malfunctioning.
"Babbling Brook - Moods of Nature" CD was not what I expected.  I expected what I hear when I get a massage at the Spa...some nice relaxing, soothing, and gentle sounds of flowing water and nature with a hint of low instrumental music in the background.  This CD was the opposite.  The music over-powers the sounds of water flowing and birds chirping.The instrumental music is nice, but in order to hear the sounds of nature and water...the volume must be turned up too loud, which defeats the purpose of a relaxing atmosphere.On track 1 - Dance of the Maples (5:18 min.) I barely heard the birds and did not hear water at all.  On track 2 - Pine Breeze (7:19 min.) the sound of water flowing is very faint.  On track 3 - Source of the Stream (7:25 min.) The sounds of birds and water is more audible at the beginning.  This track has the best sounds of nature than the others.  On track 4 - Bear Camp (7:07 min.) follows close behind my description of track 3.  Track 5 - Restoring Nature (7:08 min.) is a duplicate of the same as before.The resplendent picture of autumn colored leaves and flowing water on the CD cover is so inviting and the blurb misleading.  I will not purchase any other similar CDs without hearing a sample first.  I am not saying don't buy this CD.  The music is nice.  If music is more important than sounds of nature...then you will be pleased.  Otherwise you can pass on this one.Reviewed by:  Pamela Jarmon-Wade
This product came with an installation cd that didn't work in my gift reciepent's computer and didn't fit in either of my laptops.  The web page was a joke with absolutely no guidance either.  I have since returned it and I am awaiting my credit because at least six people attempted and could not easily get this thing to successfully work.
This product is Amazing, it lets save your clases and listen music while you are at the campus (university). something important to know is that when the battery is discharged it doesnt work well has a pen drive until you take the battery off; then it will work. it doesnt charge the battery but i wanna try with a rechargeable one to see what happen.
If it hadn't died after just one day of use, it might have been OK,  although far from great. The interface takes some figuring out and getting used to, but is not quite the nightmare other reviewers of MacVision players have complained about. The earbuds with the neck  lanyard are impractical - looks and feels like wearing a cowbell. The thing is bulkier than you'd think. Gave me a good run on one battery though. Returning it and getting me a nano, what the heck.
Not good, it's a poor mp3. Sounds alwright but dificult to navigate threw the songs and the features. Also i would say it's an ugly design.
Read the technical information on this player carefully before buying.  We liked this product until we tried to buy and download music online, and found that it does not support music downloads with DRM (digital rights management) software, which is used by every trustworthy online music source we checked.  Don't buy this player if you plan to buy and download music from the Internet.
This product was difficult to use initially, and stopped working after a few months.  I guess you get what you pay for.
I was interested in a player that was both easy to use, and navigate, but more importantly functional. The player is cute and the size(dimensions) is about average. Loading the music onto it was easy and it quickly filled up after about (90) 4-5 minute songs. It will read both MP3 and WMA, with MP3's taking up more space. Using the player takes a lot of patience and aspirin. It is very nerve racking navigating the menus (loads of them) with just 1 switch that does everything. The LCD screen is hard to read even with the youngest of eyes. The unit has a nice EQ that lets you tailor your sound and the sound is remarkably good. Battery life is around 15 hours depending on how much you play with the system getting used to it, and how long you set the backlight to stay on. My bad rating comes from the fact that the unit has a habit of shutting down after 1 to 2 songs quite frequently. I've tried everything within the player to stop it from doing it to no avail. The manual does not recognize it as a troubleshooting problem nor does the far better manual at the website. Unfortunately customer service will not return any calls during this Holiday Season, guess I'll try after the 1st of the year. I've heard that the unit can overheat and shut down from other reviews, and amazingly if I hook the player up to my computer speakers and play it that way, it works fine. If I pick it up and use the supplied headphones, and put it in my pocket or inside my shirt, it shuts down.  I would not recommend this unit due to the problems stated above to include customer service problems. Put you hard earned money elsewhere.
My husband and I bought these, the white one and the blue one earluier this fall and neither one lasted more than a month, mine actually is still functional, but they go through a whole battery in 6-8 hours, and some songs won't copy correctly onto the player, a lot of corrupted songs that I was able to listen to on my IPOD (which I ended up buying after I gave up on this).The controls are also a lot more confusing that the instructions lead on, be wary of this if you choose to buy it.
As a non-nerdy computer user, the whole thing is beyond me with the short amount of attention I have been able to give to the device and software.  Problems with my WMP or Dell jukebox either one recognizing the device as compatible--so I am at a loss given my knowledge or lack thereof.  No help available so I now own a fancy blue necklace that will make me look cool.
Works fine, but SO confusing to operate.  I bought the Macvision at a GREAT price, so if you're looking for a bargain and patient enought to learn the system, this may work for you.  For some reason some songs download from the computer and others won't.  The menus are so complicated, and the users manual is not much help.  I bought it for my 9-year-old's birthday, and fortunately, she's thrilled.  She doesn't mind that I've only been able to get 12 songs on it, or that she can't figure out the menus either.  It plays FM radio, it's pretty, it seems reasonably durable.  And I've put my 12-year-old to work to set it up.  She figured out my Sandisk player in a heartbeat and filled it with music for me--BTW, I LOVE my Sandisk and highly recommend it.
I bought this product to took my ipod up to my laptop which only has USB input and not firewire.  It worked but as soon as i placed the ipod down on my desk at a certain angle, the computer would stop recognizing it.  It only worked when i held the ipod upright with my hand.  I had to send it back. this may have been a single-time defect, but who knows? if anyone else has had simmilar problems, kindly notify me.
Not very good, had to send the first one back because it was shipped with a broken screen. a bit complicated to figure out and you cant really choose what you want to listen to.
1) looks great and arrived well packed, but on close inspection, all details are cheaply made (knobs and drawers), giving the impression that it is not a quality product2) certain features I expected are absent, like an external speaker outlet and bass enhancer3) the internal speakers are adequate but tinny, and not being able to use a line out prevents the possibility of using higher performance external speakers4) auto shutoff on the cassette player, at least my unit, only works in play mode, not fast forward or rewind5) CD part of unit is actually defective: will not advance to next track or return to a previous one6) record player works but speed selector options are too small to read, and the sound is marginal
These weren't even as good as the speakers on my lap top. Very little volume, tone quality not bad.
I have used the Ipod Shuffle speaker and it would be fine in a one room house, the Shuffle seems to not want to stay put in the spot where you connect it.  The speaker output is not that great or good, when you play the music the speaker sound seems to vibrate and shake the Shuffle loose from the connecting point.  I quess you get what you pay for, but I expected a little bit more for $50.00+.  The beauty of it is the slim line, but you have nowhere to put the connecting cord if you where to carry it to work and then use the ac outlet.
I use this every morning to switch between listening to talk shows and podcasts on my iPod, and for me it works great!  Reception is almost always good for the FM stations, and I've had no problem with  the controls (altho' the tiny buttons are kind of hard to manipulate with my work gloves on)  HOWEVER, I had the same problem as other reviewers...the wire that comes out of the piece that connects to the iPod is soon loose and then breaks.  I could not use the unit at all.  I had it about 3 months when it first happened; I read somewhere else that Griffin will send you a new one.  So I contacted them, and was told "I must have a defective unit." They had me send it back to them and promptly replaced it.  Good customer service!  But the second unit almost immediately did the same thing...I tried wrapping electrician's tape around the wire to keep it immobile but was not successful.
It's not clear from the description that this product only works with older model iPods with the remote control port. It didn't work with my Classic, and won't work with any recent model iPod. The seller refunded my money with no problem.
To be honest I was very excited before getting this, now the griffin ifm has been sitting in a pile of unused junk; here's why:I have an Ipod Mini, the IFM does not support direct radio recording on this model, as well there are no software updates available to fix this.So basically what I have is just an overly expensive fm radio, which has mediocre sound quality (the wire on the unit is used as the antennae) which really doesn't provide the best reception.  So, even if I were able to record the radio, (which i'm not) I doubt I would be happy with the sound quality of the recordings.  Purchase with care.
I should have listened to the negative reviews here - had same problem with the cord coming loose within a matter of a week or two.
The iFM remote worked great for about 4-5 days then the cord that connects to the ipod broke just like another customer reported.  The thing now only plays the radio and thats it.  No remote functions or recording.  The cord seems to be made of really chep plastic.  Then another thing is the iFM is just plain ugly to have attached to my jacket, because it has these two cords coming out one end of the controller looking like a jungle has attacked my ipod.  Basically I wouldn't buy it again.  Nice concept poor materials.
I had this product, suprise it is still on the maket. It is bulk and poorly made for today's standard, would not pay more than $2 for this product
I ordered one of these for my kid last Christmas. It showed up quick, but the LCD screen was broken. I sent it back, and waited over a month for a new one, and had to make multiple phone calls to people with minimal English skills to make it happen. The unit itself worked ok for a while. The controls are funky, and it too easily switches to oriental characters so you cant decipher the screens. The headphones stink, but the sound was OK after replacing them with some more expensive ones. After about 9 months of use, the headphone jack crapped out, and now the sound only works in one channel. All in all, not worth it, especially for 256 lousy megabytes. Definitely buy a Sandisc Sansa. 8 gigs of flash, and it works fantastic, for only 175 bucks.
This thing blows... I think they had all there workers write these reviews because it is1. TOO big WAY big like omg you think you wont mind its not that big but no it really is WAY TOO BIG2. It freezes... a lot3. It is not compatible with most music download programs4. The color is obnoxious5. Sure it will play the music you have cd's for6. OK the picture uploading ability is cool but honestly... why not just get a bigger card for your camera? I thought I would use it a lot but its not the reality.I definitely lost on this deal.
I needed an MP3 player that would allow picture storage especially during travel. My wife takes a lot of pictures. The concept of Wolverine seemed great. No propriatory software, direct download from multiple card formats, music player, video etc. When I received it I was definitely disappointed with the size. It is a BRICK!!!!!. They do not offer any decent carrying cases that would allow easy access while walking etc and protect it at the same time, like some cases for the iPod. The only one on their accessory list is very unappealing. These are minor things. I ordered mine from Costco. It took 2 weeks to arrive and did not work. After an hour with a support representative (very good and patient) we could not make my two different computers recognize the device. They offered to send me a replacement one but I declined. I am not sure we started off on the right foot. I hope they make some adjustments in the size and software. I may give it a second chance some time in the future. For now I got a Phillips GoGear 8GB for music, radio while jogging and we will continue to use our old portable CD burner to transfer photos. By the way GoGear is great and beats comparable iPods hands down as far as both price and features.
I would give the unit a three, but MvixUSA gets a minus one.  I rounded off to three stars.  As someone noted, the control is a bit small, and the menus could be easier to navigate.  Still, it works better than burning a VCD whenever I want to watch something on TV off my PC.I ordered directly from the manufacturer, to be bundled with a hard drive, but they did not include it in the box.  It took quite a few e-mails to convince them that YES, I did check the box and NO it was not in there.  Eventually they agreed to send me the hard drive I sent for (noting they have a "no questions asked" return policy).  I asked about expediting shipping (not even asking for them to pay for it), and I got a flat refusal.Things worked okay for a few months, but then the AC Adapter began malfunctioning, continually flashing on and off.  I wrote the company, and they asked to send them my original ordering information right away.  I did so, but I didn't hear anything back from them for a couple of weeks.  I wrote again, and they said to send the info and the power cord back.  After sending it, I asked them about my order status, and they asked for some type of return order information number, which I never got!  I sent them the same information I gave them the first time.Eventually, they said they would me a new adapter, noting that they would have sent it back sooner, if I had given them the info THEY NEVER SENT IN THE FIRST PLACE!
My clear case did not come with a belt clip as promised, but a loop to pass a belt through. That's a big difference if you plan to just clip it on your shorts. Secondly, the case blocks you from using the hold button, and the iPod is constantly turning itself on in my bag and draining the battery. The Apple version of this, with the integrated headphones, sounds like a better option, especially because of accessibility to the hold button. But for the price difference, I guess I can't complain too much.
I bought this hard case and first thing i noticed is that it doesn't fit perfectly from the top and bottom.  I can slide the ipod up and down the case.  Worst thing is that when i need to plug my ipod to the computer.  I have to slide the ipod all the way down for the plug to fit.  There is like 3mm of extra space on the top when i slide it all the way down.
Pros:1) Lowest price (any where u can find)2)sound quality good for the price (not great)3)radio, voice recorderCons:1)EXTREMELY bad headphones (be prepared to buy new ones)... but the product is a good investment if you already have a spare headphone.2)Bad battery life.... 1 battery is said to work for 18 hrs ... but even duracell doesn't work for more than 4 hrs........................ if u got rechargable batteries then definately worth buying..Overall, if you already have rechargable batteries and a good headphone with you  and you don't want to invest heavily in mp3 player then this is definately worth buying....AK
I got this for Christmas and it worked pretty well. The CD player worked and the digital numbers were clear. The only thing I didn't like about it was the backlit screen at night. But a few months later the numbers started to fade and then in July I put a CD in and it read "NO DISC". I don't recommend buying it because it doen't last very long.
OK, for under $50 ($30 for the item plus $20 (!) for Priority Mail shipping) I didn't expect to get superb sound quality and I can live with this product.However, the description shown on Amazon is deceptive. It does not charge my docked iPod Photo (2 yrs old, 3rd gen) at all, regardless of its charge state. Also the picture gives the impression that the sound output from the iPod is connected via the iPod dock - wrong again. I have to connect the mini-plug cable between the top of the iPod and the rear of the iSound unit or else it is silent. Perhaps this product is capable of working as advertised with certain docking iPod models, but I wouldn't count on it.Most disappointing of all: the sound quality is comparable to a mediocre hotel clock radio. The claim (in the Amazon description and printed on the box) of -3 dB response at 150 Hz (bass cutoff) is incorrect. I sent test frequencies into the iSound using special software and 150 Hz is probably at least 10 dB, possibly 15 dB, in level compared to 500 Hz. That is, you can barely hear _anything_ coming out of the speakers at 150 Hz with the volume cranked all the way up!  Being generous, I'd say its response is approx. 300 Hz to 11 kHz +/- 3dB, based on my listening tests. Again, it compares to a typical hotel clock radio quality of sound.If you do buy this, check for other seller(s) on Amazon who may charge a little more for the item but have more reasonable shipping and handling charges. I learned not to assume that "express shipping" means use of a real express company; my unit was shipped USPS Priority Mail.I can also confirm the previous posting that mentioned the power adaptor. It is only for 120 VAC use. However the unit does work with 4 AA cells installed.There is no instruction manual or any other document or card included with this product. The sole instructions consist of about 200 words printed on the outside of the box. There is a warning label glued over the iPod docking connector that tells you your iPod may be fried if you don't turn off the iSound's power before connecting the iPod. This is hard to believe, since there doesn't seem to be any power applied to the connector anyhow. Complete removal of this label requires a soaking with liquid.Finally, a tip to those who buy this: you can get about an octave lower bass response by putting the unit on the floor against a corner. This helps the small speakers couple the longer wavelengths more efficiently. It still won't give you the published frequency response spec, though.
These headphones were perfect but the right headphone died after only using it for 2 weeks. I like my music loud and thought these could handle the fury of the iPod volume levels but I guess I was wrong. I recently picked up a newer iPod and am currently looking for a different headphone solution. Maybe some of the more expensive headphones from Shure or something.On the other hand if you listen to your iPod with medium levels youll love these but it just did'nt fit my needs and died because of that.Self discovery of faulty products leaves my wallet skinny.
After trying a myriad of Apple OEM lanyards and Chinese variants found on eBay, I decided that I would find and purchase the most durable lanyard possible. With its unique coupler and polycarbonate case, the Rivet was supposed to be that product. While the polycarbonate housing does appear virtually indestructible, the audio cables are not. After a few months use, the headphones stopped working. So, I have non-functional iPod necklace. For whatever reason, I have bad luck with such products as I use my iPod for both bicycle riding and weight lifting.The only lanyard headphones that have demonstrated any durability are the PodAlchemy lanyard headphones (not yet sold on Amazon, but can find on Ebay) used with a separate sleeve, the toughskin (see review).In short, the Rivet Lanyard was a nice try but just didn't hold up under conditions where the iPod would be swinging back and forth, such as during exercise.
I have tried and returned more than a few fm transmitters.  Before buying this model I was fairly satisfied with the discontinued "Universal" Belkin tunecaster, which fit into the earphone jack of any mp3 player. However, due to not so smart design (constant cord stress above the connector plug) the wire frayed and I had to replace it.I subsequently bought the 'updated' model (exclusively for ipods) which now plugs into the base, thereby charging the player at the same time.  First off, it was quite arduous finding a suitable frequency for this unit, and even when I did, it never held onto it for very long.  During the 30%-35% of the time it worked properly, the sound was acceptable... but the rest of the time was interference, hissing, bleed-in from neighboring frequencies and, consequently, looking for free wavelengths and readjusting the transmitter.What's more, the controller goes all over the place- and even though there's a mounting attachment, the "ideal" spot seems to vary constantly, and so is of limited use.  I don't like to give a categorically negative review... maybe this was a bum unit.  But it likely wasn't the car, as it was tested in 3 three different vehicles, with fairly good sound systems.After further research, I took a leap of faith on the Scosche (which I still don't know how to pronounce) "goose-neck" model- as a result of good reviews from a handful of consumers on a "Radio shack/The Source" web-site.  I found no other reviews on the web!It cost half as much as many other models (including the Belkin), but man, how nice is it when a device delivers on what it's supposed to do?It completely took control over (and held) the very first frequency I tried and, save for between tracks, there was virtually NO background noise or static.  The only 'quirk' I found was a boosting of bass which caused some distortion in the speakers.  This was immediately remedied by lowering the ipod volume (which was on high), and compensating with the volume in the car.Very happy with this purchase.I *may* keep the Belkin as a back-up for when the ipod battery dies in mid trip (it's better than nothing)- but I'm actually relieved not to use a system which constantly charges the battery.
I live in a rural area with only a few fm radio stations and have yet to try the product in an urban area.  The sound is not great, I get alot of static and plan to return it.
This transmitter is not strong enough to even carry through a channel that had static.  It does not go lower than 88.1, which makes it hard because most static stations are lower than that.  When I tried another card, the ipod was really static.  i was completely disappointed.  I returned it.
Not a bad little player for music...However the interface is very outdated and has horribly crappy battery life. The biggest drawback I found was when listening Audio books it constantly lost it's place. Basically if you didn't mentally book mark where you were at you were likely to spend thirty minutes or more trying to find out where you left off the next time you fired it up...and that's if the battery wasn't dead.
I just got a working H10 yesterday. I ordered one in August. My 1st H10 didn't sync to my computer and the firmware didn't help. My second H10 couldn't even get to that point. It would freeze after turning on. I tried to talk to customer service, but I would get a busy signal and so I tried through e-mail and it took 3 weeks to get a response that I would get a response. When I did get a rep on the phone, they only could tell me how to update my firmware, when obviously that wasn't my issue. I did save money by buying a remanufactured H10, but I don't recommend it. If I had bought a new one it would've been around the same price as an iPod, which is what I should have gotten in the first place.
Pros:- Built in USB connection.  No cables to find.- SD card slot: tons of storage- standard AAA battery- easy to useCons:- no way to select which directory to play or start at- no way to select internal vs SD card (starts with internal and then works its way to SD if it's there)- NO WAY TO RESUME WHERE IT LEFT OFF - it would be perfect for listening to long lectures or audio books, but if you stop half an hour into a 1 hour lecture, you have to start at the beginning again- no fast forward- SD card sticks out (barely worth mentioning)If I can find one like this that resumes where it left off, I'll buy it and toss this one.
I have been using this DVR for a few years now.  It works well with a few conditions.First and foremost, keep it cool and make sure it is ventilated well wherever it is installed.Second, this thing is noisy when it goes into the update mode. 3am is the default time for the nightly updates. You may set it differently to avoid the air raid siren waking you up from a restful sleep.The DVR function has performed perfectly.I just wish this thing had more than 35 hours of HD storage.  I use an external Hard Drive to expand it's storage.
Is it just my head unit guys? Everyone complains its slow and hard to search, but mine goes beyond that usefulness to fall in to worthless category.I've tried both the IB100 and now the IB100ii, both appear to work identical with my head unit. By default, I only see a 'external' source, and the display is way over on the right edge of the screen, only showing 8 characters. On top of that, the characters are: IPOD0001  where the 0001 seems to be counting seconds.I can go in to the function menu and switch between that ipodxxxx, song, artist, cd, but they all only show 8 characters and doesn't scroll.if ipodxxxx is displayed and I press the multi-control right, it just restarts the currently playing song. Up and down switch between playlists, but I can't see which song is playing.If I want to pause a song, I have to press in on the multi-control, go to function, then select function one and press the multi-control and then it pauses it. REAAALLLY useful pioneer!I think they should have left out support for old head-units on this thing. It's better going and getting an AUX in pbus adapter with a Stereo to RCA cable.Oh and I have the 30gb iPod video and can not get the navigation trick to work for the life of me.So is it just me with the display way over on the right and only showing 8 characters?
Although the features and price are tempting, the overall quality of the firmware (devices internal software) is below substandard quality.Simple functions like finding and selecting songs is a real pain, requiring you to navigate through all songs available one at a time. With 2 GB of memory filled with files, this becomes real time consuming.When you pause a song for only a few seconds, the player stops the current song completely and returns to the first song in the list. You must then find the song you were listening to all over again. There are no search functions available to help locate and play the song you want.Many menu selections either don't work as expected or simply do nothing at all. Though I thought organizing songs into folders would make finding songs easier, the folder/directory selection feature doesn't select anything, and returns you to the first song in memory.Although this items claims to play video, the one included on the player played great, all videos must be converted to a specific file format not standard in the US, using software included on the CD. The problem is the Windows only software accepts a limited number of video file formats, and I have had no luck with any files I have tried to convert.Although connecting the player to a Mac OS computer was as straight forward as any other flash drive, connecting the player to Windows XP took several attempts, and all software on the CD only works on Windows. The Mac version of iTunes would not recognize this player.Though headphones are included, the headphone jack does not accept a standard headphone mini-plug (it uses the smaller standard found on many mobile phones), so using higher quality headphones commonly available (like Sony or Koss) is not possible without a plug adaptor.I would not recommend this player to anyone.
I was really impressed with this player, as if i wanted the world to know about this wireless, usb charge mp3 headphone player but after a month battery life cut out, will not hold a charge for more than 30 min. if they can fix this, these things will revolutionize your ultimate workout.***Update****I purchased another one that crapped out as well. USB is not recognized anymore and i have tried to plug it into many machines. After Zopid said they would exchange it, another service rep said they changed their mind. As much as i loved this product, its hard to let go but if they stop working on customers, then....i have no choice.
cheaply made import. As an example, the owners manual was written by someone with extremely poor sentence structure. "Note:  Once the player has finished playing all songs it will automatically repetition", and "The player will not play music while it is connecting to the PC".  The controls are not at all user friendly and they are confusing.  Nice to be without headphone wires but that is the only thing I like about the product.
You also have to purchase the clear plastic case to attach your player to this armband.iAUDIO Carrying Case Clear for U3
The interface is very confusing. I purchased this as I am a football referee and I was looking for a small & simple way to record penalties during the game. This was way to touchy on the controls and the menu is a translation (not a very good one) that really requires you to experiment to figure out how to use it. I ended up returning it (with no problems) and purchased a more standard voice recorder.
Really bad reception to my radio and very cheaply made.  The cord was pulling  away from the wires inside it... you could even then see the metal wire inside that.. if that makes sense... I'm too lazy to paint a better picture.  All in all, completely unusable for me.  I'm going to have to invest in a radio with an aux input.  That's just the only way to go.I'm assuming I just got one of the bad ones construction wise.  And I'm sure the reception has to do with many factors.  My antenna for one is not that great in the car.  That's the only reason why I'm giving it two stars instead of one.  It worked if I held the thing out the window next my antenna.. Otherwise it's crap (for me)..
I bought this belt because it was cheap and looked cool. I got what I paid for because while the LED does light up (which looks cool on first glance), closer inspection shows that some of the LEDs never turn off and are of poor quality. The end result is a bright LED belt that can't be read very well.
I was thinking this item would come with the cords to connect to the phone/wall....but it didn't. So, I have a tape recorder that I cannot use until I pay more money to buy the cords!
This speaker lacks the sound quality for the ipod classic or any ipod. I was truly disappointed.
First, let me assure you I do not like writing negative reviews.  However, I must immediately inform you that this product is NOT for an iPod nano!  I repeat, it is NOT for an iPod nano or anything around that size.  In fact, the only thing it is useful for is holding my Blackberry Curve 8330.I implore you to not use it for anything much smaller than a Blackberry Curve.  If you are unsure of the size I am talking about, then get out a deck of cards.  If your product is smaller, then absolutely do not buy this.  If your product is around the same size then take the chance--after all it's pretty cheap.  But on that point, you do get what you pay for.Right out of the box, the holder was very (and I mean VERY) sensitive.  If you jarred it the slightest bit, the extensible arm would shoot out to full length.  Of course where do we want to use this apparatus?  In our vehicles!  This was a poorly engineered product that would have promise were it not for the "locking mechanism."  It basically uses tiny saw-like teeth to "lock" or more like "struggle for a one-fingered grasp" in place.  My iPod nano just wouldn't stay and would constantly fall out.Although I would love to go ahead and give this product rave reviews for being an amazingly useful and amazingly inexpensive phone holder for your car so that you all can rest easy and "make that darned purchase decision" already, I just can't bring myself to do that.  This product advertises itself as an Apple iPod mini/nano+phone universal holder.  It's all that without the iPod mini/nano compatibility and universality.  Use it for your smartphone or maybe even your iPod classic but don't purchase it for anything smaller and expect to get much use out of it.  At first maybe your holder will be less fussy, but the simple fact is the design is hugely flawed and any slight degree of wear/tear (i.e.: bumping into it or it falling off your vent to hit your padded floor) will likely turn it into a monster of a nuisance.
I tried to use this device to hold my MP3 player, the arms on the side prohibited me from hooking up to my external power (Cigarette Lighter adapter) and it spins around like a clock
I took a risk on this cradle because it was absurdly cheap. Well, I guess you get what you pay for. The very first time I used the adjustable pads, I heard a snap and they no longer stayed in place, a spring pushing them into the fully open position at all times. Not five seconds in and it was already broken. Given I paid some $4 for the whole thing, there wasn't much sense in trying to ship it back for a replacement, so I decided to see if I could fix it.I took the cradle apart by removing some screws and found that what broke were a few teeth on a tiny plastic gear responsible for locking the adjustable pads in place. I used some super glue to re-attach them, put the thing back together and voila, it works. For now anyway.After this fun adventure, I found that it mounted quite easily on my car's vent and did a reasonable job of keeping my Sony Ericsson X1 phone (which also doubles as a music player & GPS) in place. It's about as bare bones as a cradle gets, but I didn't expect anything better for the price. If it hadn't broken immediately, I would've given it 4 stars for value, but as it is, 2/5.
The whole unit is cheaply made and junky.  The top is supposed to flip to open, but this broke on the first day.  The slide that coils the headset wire did not work for me.  Would not buy again.
The volume on this is so low you can barely hear it.  I don't recommend use for anything outdoors.  Maybe for in the shower or something and that's about it.  The construction seems sturdy and it's pretty easy to use.  Just couldn't hear the darn thing!
Yes, it is water proof, but that's the only way in which it met my expectations.  The sound quality was poor and the volume level was laughable.  Not at all what I was expecting.  I returned it.
Quality Control... look into it.An hour after setting it up it stopped working.Two days later it was rusted to crap.
thats about all i can say about this product thats positive. its very hard to change the songs inside the box. sound sucks too. all in all its ok if you have nothing else.
I purchased this waterproof dock, to use on river tubing trips. I read a review where a guy stated it was good for kayaking and thought it would be good for tunes on the river. I was completely disappointed. The eGo works ok when there is no background noise, however, with the sound of the river water and other people having conversations nearby, we could not hear the eGo even at its highest volume. I think the sound quality is below average and the volume is weak. It may be ok for a swimming pool or in the shower, but any amount of background noise will drown this weak system out. Basically it is now a paper weight that I will never use.
I bought this case to take with me floating down the river.  It came with an enclosed strap which i used to hang it from my neck while i floated.long story short, water got in the case which caused the music to cut in and out. It didnt mess up my ipod and most of the water was kept from the ipod compartment, but the water got in the other two compartments that surrounded the speakers.Sound wasnt real loud, if you turned the volume up, at a certain level, the speakers would cut out from too much power trying to be pushed out of the speakers.If you just want to hang it below your shower or next to your pool, and you plan on being right next to it, it should work just fine and be loud enough. if you're wanting to listen to it from 5ft+ or if you think you might accidentally drop it on the water (it will float) then it might not be the best option.
These replacement doors are actually a good deal. And they work fine - until the unit plops on its back a few times.  Then one of the small prangs that lock it into place snap off or the plastic prang frame breaks off. When this happens the door no longer is held fully closed, and the little switch that is at the top of the battery door insides will not depress fully telling the system there is a battery in place. Likely the prang piece will stay lodged in the lock hole, making the new one unable to seat properly until the unit is opened and the broken plastic piece extracted (see one reviewer having to tape the door closed).I rated it lower because the locking prangs are flimsy plastic and you're are pretty much guaranteed to need several over the life of the little gadget. The latch prangs should be steel like the rest of the door. Handle the iPAQ with great care and the door will last forever.So - either get a wad of the doors or do what I did: screw the door shut!Get a tiny screw (just long enough to grab the plastic under the door - if it is too long, you'll hose up the innards), drill a hole the size of the screw in the door near the edge and between the latch and the upper edge. Put the door on and mark the hole on the body so you know where the screw is going to bite. Use a pointed end Xacto blade and make a pilot hole for the screw. You can use a micro drill bit but you must be VERY careful you don't go beyond the plastic too far and make a nice hole in the innards. Remount the door and screw the screw in - don't over-tighten.Voila! No more loose door. If you expect to change batteries on the road, make sure you have a screw driver to remove the tiny screw so you can get the door open for the battery!
What I received is not what's shown in the photo. The case is fine but the metal clip shown in the picture is not what I received. The clip I received is a cheap little plastic piece of crap that I'm sure is going to break. I spent alot of time researching similar items to weed out the ones with plastic clips only to find that I'd been duped by this seller.
I've owned this product for about 6 months. I have used it on runs at least 2 dozen times. It has been a trusty product...until today. As I was running, I felt my headphones pull. I realized the problem when my iPhone hit the pavement. There was a chip in the screen. I was sad. When I returned home, I peeled off my screen protector. Thankfully, the screen protector absorbed the blow, and there was no real damage to the actual screen. Here is a link to the protector I have.[...]The belt needs to be touched up. The Velcro should be a strap that pulls around to the back.As I said, it served me well for a while. It's your call!
Small key storage held by velcro burst and I lost my keys. The point is to be free of things in my pocket so this is pretty limiting.
The audio jack position on both the iPhone and iPod are on the left whereas the holes on the Tune Belt do not align with this position.
I've had this product for approxiamtely three months and during that period I have streamed several movies.  When it works it's great, but unforunately it doesn't work as advertised.  It consistently drops the wireless local access connection, typically during the middle of a movie. And it takes days to get the connection back.  If I weren't past the warranty period, I'd send it back. I also have a wireless laptop PC that works flawlessly in the same location, so it's not the FIOS wireless connection that's at fault.
Even though they made EVERY effort to satisfy us and send us a working product, in the end, it didn't . .. work . . .They refunded our money, and bent over backwards to try and make the sale right. It's just that the product didn't work out in the end.
I purchased this case for my MP3 player directly from the Eforcity website; the photos used to advertise it are identical to this website.  I am a little disappointed in the actual overall appearance of the case...especially the area around the scroll wheel.  It does not have stitching, the edges have a melted appearance which I find very cheap and tacky looking.  Eforcity's photos make it look much better than it truly is.  The areas around the USB port and headphones have this melted edges too, but it is not nearly as tacky and obvious as the area around the scroll wheel.  There is a big smear of melted plastic on the inside fabric lining where the magnet is....obviously, in the fabrication process, someone closed it up before it was completely dry.  The case also has a very strong chemical smell as if someone dipped it in something toxic.  It is absolutely fowl like paint thinner.  I do take my MP3 to meetings and I use the voice recorder; I will be stinking everyone out of the conference room with this case!  The leather also has a worn spot on the bottom where the black is missing.  Also, on the upper right portion of the screen has a deep vertical line on the front surface.After feeling the inside of the case, I was worried it would scratch.  Although I only placed my MP3 into it twice, I was very surprised to see that it did not scratch the surface of my Sansa.I am going to contact Eforcity and ask for an exchange or a refund.  I think I will be happier with one of their silicone cases.
The product was fine. But it took 3 emails to Amazon and finally a phone call to get the shipping information straightened out with the vendor. Will not do that again.
Ok i bought this cause i thought it would be good for protection it ends up it really isn't the best product i should have got the silicone case you can;t hardly push the buttons left and right or up and downso just get a silicone case
I brought this item when it first came out. Nice unit but it has problems with the USB conectors. I returned it.
This is the first FM transmitter I have tried for my iPod, so maybe there are others that work better. This one produces a hiss that is just barely tolerable at best. Transmitting on most frequencies included an overpowering hiss. At 87.9MHz the hiss was tolerable, but just barely. I was hoping to do away with my tape adapter, but the tape adapter, despite its wire and tape noise, is still better than this hissing transmitter... I like the transmitter idea so I may try again, but it is unlikely that this one will be used. At least it was only $15 with shipping and tax. My advice? Just skip the bubblegum.
I bought this exact item on Ebay and was very disappointed.  The volume is very low.  We use it by the pool and you can't even hear it over normal talking, let alone screaming kids!  Also, the shipping says it weighs 23 pounds?  Um, it weighs about 2 pounds, they are trying to rip you off!
This works for a while, until one day the wire started to come out from the base.
Cd's play fine after 12 months, but Mp3s/Cd-r's will not play at all. Since it is nowout of warranty, it is now rendered useless as my dd's used it for that very purpose. GladI did not pay much at the time, but now have search for something else.
I'm new to this MP3 player game, but I've had this for 2 weeks and I still cannot really recommend it.  First of all much the 4Gb memory is taken up by the 500 songs already added.  It would be nice, but most of them are pretty weak.  Eye of the beholder I suppose.  Also, good luck finding accessories.  Even amazon has no arm band or FM transmitters recommended.  Portability should be the emphasis.
I read other reviews, and in my opinion these speakers are no louder than the speaker on my droid phone..... If your looking for something that packs a punch with small size then i would not recommend these speakers. I am pretty disappointed
This was a nice product... when it worked. I haven't had mine for a year and it's stopped charging altogether, which was one of the main reasons I bought it for.Sound-wise, it's decent. There's some static here and there, but not enough to bother me. The holder was strong, and my zune never fell from it.Word of the wise... don't buy this here. It's hardly worth 28 bucks - search a little online and you could find it under half that price, including shipping!
The thing is cheap and cheaply made.  The blue circles are hard to read.  It's difficult to change between CD and radio.  The buttons on the front of the unit and the remote is poorly laid out.The sound quality is decent and is the only reason I give it two stars instead of one.
I own both this and the Wave Radio. For the money the Bose is a much better deal. This is nearly 3 times the money. Is it three times as good? No.
I had that Zen Micro for about a whole minute before it just froze up and kicked the s**t.  And this case, oy, this case!  What an eyesore! Talk about adding insult to injury.  And is CreAtive even alive anymore or did they die about the same time as my Zen Micro?
I've had two of these now.  The first one worked fine for 2-3 weeks, then the headphone jack went berserk and only the left headphone would work.  It was so cheap, I just bought another one.  This time it lasted about 7 months.  The same thing happened with the headphone jack.  If I jiggle the headphone plug inside the jack, it'll work eventually but if you move it slightly, it'll stop working again.  So irritating.  I will be purchasing another type of portable mp3 player for the gym.
Pros: It is cheap and may be used as a USB drive. It is as small as iPod Nano but does not come with those annoying proprietary things that Apple pushes in their products.Cons: Interface is pretty retarded and the player lacks several important functions (such as shuffling or re-ordering songs by artist/name/album). The response time of the software is far too long. After a half a year, the battery had to be charged after only 4-5 hours of listening to music. Sound quality is not terribly good. But the biggest issue was that the connector to which I was supposed to plug headphones was not firmly attached to the motherboard (or whatever it is). The connector became loose sometime after the 30-day return period, creating all sorts of problems for me as a dissatisfied customer.Conclusion: It was a mistake to buy this product.
The picture doesn't do the case justice.  The stitching is white.  White on black.  Wouldn't wear it on my belt or attached to my pocket only due to this.  Personally, would prefer black stitching.  Am not looking for a case that draws attention to itself when wearing, but to blend into the background.The belt clip is a separate piece from the case rather than integrated.  This design causes the case to stand a good inch and a half away from your body.  This really is the deal killer for me.  It didn't take me 45 seconds after opening to realize this is not the case for me.On the positive side, delivery was 2 days after ordering.  The case itself does exactly what I'm looking for in a case.  It holds the phone tightly with no worries while providing easy access.  Wife liked the case for carrying in her purse, so it worked out.
Owned this and another Monster cable. And although maybe "unlucky" both cables have had a shorter lifespan than desired (about a year). The connectors seem to be the problem.
It worked PERFECT for a few weeks then half the cars speakers wouldn't work. My other monster cable still works fine and so does some off brand, but these don't work for anything anymore. Kinda disappointing.
for the price it's good and it works, i mainly bought it for the aux input. but it's really annoying for listening to the radio because you can't just go to a station and see if it comes in. u can only scan left or right, and my car does not have good reception so it's very difficult to get on your favorite station to save it to your fav's or just listen to it.
This works ok, but it wasn't a good fit for the cupholder in my Camry.  You might want to avoid if you have a Camry.  I don't know whether it fits cupholders in other types of cars.
iPhone owners be forewarned--this product is NOT iPhone compatible. Yes, the Amazon product description clearly lists iPhone 1G and 3G, but that is simply incorrect. You can view the manufacturer's own product description here:[...]...and you will note that iPhone is NOT among the compatible devices at all.  I bought this to use with my iPhone 3G and am immediately returning it now that I see on the product packaging that Amazon's description duped me into buying something that will not work.I give the product 2 stars because while this may work well with iPods it should have been updated to be iPhone compatible. The iPhone has been out for 18 months after all and is selling like hotcakes. MacAlly can do better than rest on its laurels.
I already own the Macally FM Transmitter Cup which is the ONLY one I've found (tried at least 6 or 7)that gets crystal clear reception with it's own 4 preset chanels. No randomly searching for a station that comes in clear (which it never lasts long anyway). However due to a long roadtrip I bought the cup with the bluetooth for safer driving.While the cup transmitter is wonderful... the bluetooth is HORRIBLE I was so disappointing wanting this to work so badly. I was somewhat able tot hear the person on my end, but the caller wasn't able to hear me in the slightest. I was basically yelling and the still were unable to hear saying later it was all static and choppy.The cup itself is well worth the $45 (or however much it cost) but the cup with the built in bluetooth is NOT worth the $85 paid... in process of returning item right now.
I really like this case but it keeps splitting along the seams. The first time it happened I sent it back to the manufacturer and they sent me a new one. Now it is happening again in two places. They have to figure out a way to keep the rubber from splitting. It just falls apart after time. I'd have to recommend against this product.
UPDATE: Everything was hunky-dory when I paired this with my laptop, but as soon as I tried to pair it with my wife's laptop, all of a sudden the connection became very unpredictable and drops after a while.  It is not pretty much useless.  I feel like if I could just reset it to erase all pairings that would make it work again, but I can see no reset button and the documentation is almost non-existent. :-(ORIGINAL REVIEW: I paired my laptop with this in about two minutes, and now I can listen to any music on my PC, including all my Zune Pass subscription music!  the only other way I had found for streaming Zune Pass music to my receiver and my whole-house audio system had been via the XBox or by having a PC hard wired to the audio system.  The XBox is a heavy solution for this and having a PC next to my audio components just doesn't make logistical or aesthetic sense.  I plugged in this Bluetooth receiver and now I don't have to do anything other than open Zune, Window Media Player, or any other media player on my laptop and presto! the sound is coming out my speakers.You do have to consider any obstructions between your audio source (the laptop in my case) and the Bluetooth receiver, but so far it seems that I can wander around anywhere on the ground floor of my house with my laptop and the transmissions works fine (other than literally while I am moving the laptop, where some skipping can occur, but once I set down the laptop somewhere, the transmission stabilizes quickly).It is also pretty cool that it has a buttons on the front plus a remote control that allow you to skip forward/back, play/pause, etc.  This allows me to then program my whole-house audio panels to pass through these commands to my PC.  Overall, very happy so far.
In order to play on your radio, you have to match the frequency on the device to the station you are listening to.  That's fine, but good luck finding a reliable frequency.It is huge pain trying to find a signal for this thing.  Once you find a frequency, it cuts in and out; the best way to maintain a connection is to hold it close to the radio, which is the opposite of convenient.
Good price and on time delivery - works well with strong FM signal in town, unfortunately, in the hills of Oregon it doesn't work very well.
Previously my wife had bought this brand of protectors for her nano so I thought "they must be the same just a different size". Not true.These protectors are soft, rubbery, not hard plastic. They do not protect the screen whatsoever but the worst thing is THEY DONT FIT SNUGLY ON THE IPOD CLASSIC.I had a hard time just trying to put the thing on, and when I did I noticed the bad fit. And after using it a bit, the protector comes off the corner where the "hold" switch is, so you have to pull it back into position in order to access the button again.The only good things I can say about this crappy protector is that your ipod will stay put on the surface you place it and the "wheel controls" still function well with this on. DO NOT BUY THIS.
its not bad, the sound isnt that great.  the battery life is horrible and the clock is never right.  it loses its time quite alot.  i havent used it as an alarm clock just as a charger for my ipod touch at night and to put some music on in the background when i am going to bed.its very annoying though when you plug your ipod in and turn it on it will automatically turn on to the first song and the volume is always very loud.  havent found a way to get around that, it unlocks the ipod and starts that first song all the time.  i have heard ADIDAS by Korn so many times it is making me sick.  its not bad for a charging station and to listen to songs that are quiet but if you are looking for something to intagrate into your home stereo i wouldnt waste your money, also i probably wouldnt waste my money using it as a docking station at night either.  too expensive for what you get.
I bought this case for my new 3GS phone because I wanted something with a clip while I was at work (on an ambulance) but without one when I was just walking around.  The case itself feels nice enough, but as other reviewers have said, the screen doesn't adhere cleanly, touch functionality is diminished, and the silence button is very hard to access.  I didn't have a problem with the call end/options screen showing up when the phone left my ear (except once) but I actually had major problems with the clip.  I was hoping for something durable that would protect my phone while I was carrying patients or getting in and out of an ambulance.  The clip didn't even hold the iphone in place while I was getting out of my own car, so I ended up never using it and just throwing the phone in my pocket.  And yes, the clip was attached appropriately, with both ends properly positioned.I decided to return it, and as if to confirm my decision, when I took my phone out I found the case had left a gluey residue along the sides of my iphone.  I was unable to get it off with mild soap and water and gave up trying because my new incase slider case (the matted kind--very nice so far) covers it up.I would definitely go with a different case.  This one just wasn't as nice as the other stuff out there.
I have had this case for about two months. I like many things about it (slim, fits nicely, clip is very strong), but there are several things that are making me take it off and feel cheated. As another reviewer described, the mute button is hard to push on and off with the cover in place. I did it once or twice, but the other times, it just wouldn't work which meant my phone kept ringing. I finally had to cut it. Also, it covers the sensor button that lets the iPhone know when I've pulled the phone away from my face so that it pops up the End Call screen. This is really annoying because it means I have to wait for the call to disconnect itself which can take a minute or so. All that time, the caller can still hear me. If I'm on a conference call and need to access the keyboard buttons, I can't get to them if the sensor doesn't react to me pulling the phone away. This took a few trips to the Discussion boards to pinpoint the issue.I would have liked the clip to swivel, but at least its really strong. I've only tried the running band around the house, so I can't comment on that too much. Finally, to charge the phone, you have to pull the cover up and hang onto it so it doesn't spring back while you plug in the power cord. Not at all convenient. I really wish I hadn't bought this model. A complete waste for my needs.
I wanted to use this so I could listen to myApple iPod shuffle 1 GB Silver (2nd Generation) OLD MODELin my Scion Xb, as the stereo has a standard iPod input. Sadly, the adapter didn't work for this purpose. The stereo didn't recognize the iPod. It might work for other things, but I have no need for it elsewhere.
Used it as much as I could for weeks about a two years ago and it's just a cheap product. I have an Ipod touch 2gen. Spend a couple of extra dollars and get something that's more reliable and hassle-free. I can not recommend this product. I have to admit that there is the possibility that it may work better with a different Ipod, however it is still cheaply made and unreliable. Good luck.
I bought this sunglass visor clip because I needed a larger clip in my car.  While the clip is larger, this is a very cheap visor clip.  I have a feeling it won't last too long...  It will only hold smaller sunglasses, rather than the larger pair that I currently wear.  I will not buy this again...
ALTHOUGH THIS IS A GOOD PIECE FOR LISTENING TO YOUR MP3 PLAYER. THERE IS NO WAY U CAN ANSWER YOUR PHONE.  YOU HAVE TO UNPLUG THE ITEM THEN ANSWER THE PHONE. BY THE TIME YOU DO ALL OF THAT THEY HAVE HUNG UP.  GOOD THING YOU HAVE CALLER ID.  BUT IF ITS A BUSINESS CALL AND THEY DON'T LEAVE A MESSAGE YOU ARE JUST OUT OF LUCK
The adapter worked fine for a week, then the sound volume cut to half.  I can still hear the music, but there's a lot of white noise with it.
Well, I don't want to put that it's a bad purchase for everyone, but it was a bad purchase for me.I do like the silicone case itself, but I did not like the cut-out for the screen.  I do alot of activity with the player and I need to have more screen protection.  The little clear plastic sticker (that came with it) didn't stick well and I was careful not to get dirt in it while applying, but it was there and the sticker did not stick after I tried to get the dirt off.  Screen protection is not going to happen unless you purchase additional stickers.  I like the armband and lanyard idea, but the little plastic loop on side for lanyard and slit for armband will eventually break down.  And I personally did not use the belt clip.  Basically, I would not purchase this item unless you were Ok with mediocore protection and possibly be willing to have a backup sometime in the future for something more sturdy.I should have thought about what type of case I really wanted and spent the money for a hard plastic case with a screen protector and purchased a different workout armband.  The value for this item, in my opinion, is not worth the cost.  However, since it still is pretty cheap, if you can acquire the stick-on screen protector stickers, this silicone case would be great for one who does not do a lot of handling of their player.  I like it still and it does not create any static.  Also, if seeing the color of your player is a big deal, the clear case I purchased muted the color considerably.
I had this for a few months and the aux tip where the wire comes in contact wore out  where you can see the wires.. Bought another brand and holds up alot better. would not recommend.
Didnt like i though it was a dock for the iphone but it good sound but its not portable either  didnt like my order
The product functions well but the issue I have is the stink. I work out 5+ days a week and after each workout the armband is soaked with sweat yet even after washing it in hot, soapy water either by hand or in the washing machine, the sweat smell doesn't go away. I am now in the process of shopping for a non-synthetic washable band because I believe it is the synthetic, non-breathable material which is causing the problem. I do take a shower after exercising and I wash up on a frequent basis. Plus how stinky can the upper arm be? (not the pit part!)
I believe this product is for the first generation iphone not the 3g. I bought the case and it does not fit the 3g
bad idea to get this, it made my phone stick to everything including my pockets
Its good but you have to push sorta hard to have the ipod reconize it
I got this pen when I've just bougth my ipod, but a few weeks later I was already used to writting with the touch screen so I didn't use it anymore. I'd recommend to wait a few weeks and get used to the ipod before buying this, because it's not really very useful. Also, its tip is a little flat, so you have to use it in a vertical position (if your ipod is lying horizontally).
I purchased the 500g version of this media playing enclosure.  They make multiple versions based on drive size, but aside from that the specs are the same on each version.I read many, many reviews from all the different versions before making my purchase decision and the average review was quite positive.  I wish I had been more discerning.  In retrospect, I suspect maybe a good portion of those review were less than honest.  I hate to think that maybe the company posts favorable reviews of its own product but maybe that is the case.At any rate, the picture quality of this player is really just terrible.  I had it connected by component (the crappy cable that comes with it might be part of the problem, but it is an 1/8 stereo-type jace to comopnent cable which is basically impossible to replace).  Video files that play beautiful through my laptop and on to my 720p flatscreen are grainy and totally miscolored.  I can't really describe how bad it is.  Like watching a very old VHS tape.Also, the drive cannot even be plugged in to another device while it is playing.  This makes tranferring new data on to the device very cumbersome.  It is more difficult to get media on to the device than it is to just attach your laptop to the tv and watch that way.  At the end of the day, that is all it takes to make watching the file off the device not worth it.So don't buy this thing.  Use a modded Xbox or a xbox360 or PS3.  Any of these options are FAR superior (even if they are not perfect either).
This iphone charger will not work if you have a case such as the otterbox defender on your phone!  There isn't enough opening in the case to get the cord in the charging port.  The opening is oval, the plastic on the charger is squared so no go.  Waste of money on this one unless you want to remove the case for charging.
Bought this at a local store. although I was having trouble getting it to read cds from the start I stuck with it because it has super sound quality. however, two days later. it started to skip playing cds and then stopped playing altogether. Which sucks now I have to drive 15 minutes out of my way to return it. wish I had never got it in the first place.
I bought this in May 2008 and have been pretty happy with it - primarily wanted to use my MP3 with it, and have played CD's for countless hours in my work room.  Unfortunately, now it won't play the last bit of any CD I put in it - like the laser will only go just so far.  Now I'm looking to replace it.  Reception of Fm stations was always a bit static filled.  It has gotten a ton of use, but apparently I've worn it out in less than a year.
First, the price of $115. posted here by Amazon is outrageous.  I ordered through Amazon's marketplace vendors for $37.  The best feature is that the battery slot is on the bottom of the unit not inside.  Unfortunately, the Memorex's shock protection is not as good as G-protection in Panasonic and Sony players.  Yes, mine may have been defective.
Simply putting the ear buds in reduces most of the background noise. Turninig them on simply reduces the low rumble a bit, but then there's a noticable white noise hiss. It's nice to be able to plug into other sound systems (like the plane audio jack), but I wasn't that impressed with the overall noise reduction and am looking to buy something else.
The product is Vinyl not Leather.  If I was looking to buy vinyl I guess I wouldn't have been disappointed, but as it was advertised as leather, that's what I expected to receive. Is the Black Leather case that sells  for $15.99 made of vinyl too?  I'd be really upset if I purchased that and got a black version of this case.  I won't make that mistake.  The case also fits poorly--it puckers around the screen.  It will work for carrying my zen around, but I wouldn't recommend purchasing this case for everyday use. However, the customer service was great and I would not be discouraged from making future purchases from this seller.
First of all I am referring to the 8GB model (in blue). I can't say for sure that this is the same unit since they don't carry a brand name anywhere on it or on its packaging. The unit I got came from China, but that's about all I know about its origin. First of all there are no support for this device that I can find anywhere on the net. It did not come with a cd or instructions on how to update the firmware, it simply says on the book that you can.The menu is quite confusing at first and takes time to get use to. The second time I tried to put in my microsd card it somehow slipped between the slot and the front cover causing it to go inside the unit. I could hear it rattling inside. With a little bit of luck I managed to unscrew the two tiny screws and crack the unit open far enough to rattle the card out. You have to be extremely careful putting it into the slot. It does not do a good job arranging the songs in your media library and you will find songs from one album inside another one. On a good note the sound is pretty good. The video picture is dead on crisp and clear with beautiful quality, however it will not play all my video files. For some reason files named with an .avi extintion will not play unless it's put as .AVI which I can't understand why. Also I notice a little choppiness in the frames from time to time. There is also at this time no kind of protective case available for this unit so you got to be extra careful moving it around. I do not recommend this device.
The styling is very cute, but it does not charge the ipod nano 8 GB that was just purchased for Christmas, nor does it charge my older version ipod nano from about a year ago.  It also does not have the correct inserts for either of these ipods, so they kind of sit on the pins precariously just waiting for something to hit them and bend the connection off.  The speakers have ok sound quality for the price, and it is very cute, but.... don't buy it if you want it to charge your ipod.
Please read one of the prior reviews. These were evidently built some time ago, before Apple iPods underwent a change in their electrical / docking connector pinout.Therefore, you will likely find your new iPod Nano unable to be charged with the unit. The description of the product here, and on their website suggests it will charge iPods...but not all iPods. DPIs website and their customer support have been a disappointment frankly. The manual is poorly written, and a number of the Apple device inserts provided for the docking area aren't even marked with the numbers corresponding to the loose paper instructions explaining which insert to use with a particular model. You wont find that there is even a problem charging a new generation iPod unless you are lucky to find the product support page on the manufacturer site after excessive hunting.Supposidly, newer versions of their product have been updated to work with newer generation iPods, but I don't think they are available and the manufacturer isn't providing a fix for the older units. Summation: Caveat Emptor.
this is good for a couple months , after that did brake the ipod dock , and the speekers turned bad ...
This is junk. Don't waste your money. Mine broke within 10 minutes of it arriving in the mail. A quick trip to the hardware store and I got it up and running, but I'm telling you - this thing is total junk. Poorly designed.
Issues:Free radio channels in my car have a lot of static. This diminishes the quality of the FM transmission from this unit.In a Honda Accord Sedan 2003, there is not much space between the gear in "park" mode and the cigarette lighter adapter. This product with its holder does not fit comfortably in that narrow space.General problem with FM transmitters:When on a road trip, the free channels become occupied and are no longer free. Finding a free channel is a frustrating task and definitely not a recommended option while you are driving.Better option:Use the auxillary input of your vehicle's audio system to play USB enabled devices.USA SPEC PA11-HON - iPod in-vehicle interface adapter
Pros:Station selection can be chosen in increments of .1Broadcasts silence on the station when it is turned on and nothing is playing.Cons:What no one tells you is that you have to hold down the power button for 5 seconds everytime you turn on your car to turn it on... I have no idea why they added this "feature" but I find it annoying as you have to either remember to turn off your radio before you turn your car off, or listen to 5 seconds of static while you wait for it to turn on.I bought it because I liked the idea of having my mp3 player held in place... I now realize that it would be much easier to use if it had a cord so I didn't have to reach down and play with it. It is much easier if to use if you can hold your mp3 player near the stearing wheel to adjust rather then leaning over to look at it all the time.I have also noticed that with the Sansa Fuze you need to either plug it in and wait for it to power on, or power on the Satechi transmitter before you plug in the Fuze because if they both turn on together it has a tendency to cause your device to refresh the database which can take a bit as well as causing the device to lose where you were in the playlist.Also the instructions recomend setting the device backlight to always on to improve the signal... which is can be an issue since the Fuze and View don't have this option, and I don't know about the other models, but would seem to be a bit annoying to switch on and off as you switch between car and non car use.The 2 sliding pads that hold the device in place are hard to move, and can pop out of the track easily
I've never written a review before on anything in my life but I feel I owe it to everyone to warn them about this piece of junk! This thing is supposed to be compatible with the sansa view which is why i bought it, the view has a choice between normal volume setting and high. If you have it on normal you have to crank the car stereo all the way up just to have it at a listenable volume and everything sounds muddy and hissy, if you put it on high volume setting the view gets all distorted and you have to turn it down, either way, you have terrible sound quality. Basicaly I paid $40 for a cradle for my view, don't waste your money!!! I'm going to purchase a direct aux line for my car stereo.
i used this item for a few months maybe even up to 4 months and then it happened slowly but surely things started breaking until finally it just stopped working...im thinking it wasnt handled to gingerly and this might have caused its demise...so if you aresuper careful with this device i bet you will have a much longer relationship with it!!
I barely had this for 6 months before it fell apart in pieces. I didn't have any trouble with the sound quality, just that it didn't stay in place easily and finally broke into several pieces. Not a good deal for the price at all!
I bought the Satechi and was pleased with the way it worked.  But shortly after I bought it, the screw/hinge broke.  Luckily I bought some hardware and fixed it.  Then the display went out shortly after that.  So though I was happy with the performance.  It's poorly built.  I'm buying something else.
I love the idea of having the cradle, charger and transmitter in one unit.  Less clutter for the dashboard, but unfortunatly the construction in one place lead the 2 broken units, first one was replaced quickly, but 2nd I didn't bother.  I must say customer service was good and prompt, not customer services fault that the put a small sliver of plastic between the nut and the adjusting screw.  Tighten down just the slightest too much and snap!  No more adjusting....
I find that the sound quality of this unit is iffy at best.  I get noticeable static on all the radio stations I tried.  I do have to say, that when I emailed customer service, they were very responsive, polite, and very helpful.  Unfortunately, the quality of their customer service did not make their product work any better.
Mine broke after a couple months, I took it apart and fixed it, a few weeks later it died altogether.  I called to see if I could get a replacement, and got the run around and no response from the company.  So I got to use it for about 3 months and now I have to buy another one.
According to the specifications this device should do everything but slice bread. Unfortunately I found it almost useless. It is hard to fit an iPod Touch and difficult to mount in the cigarette lighter socket of my Subaru Forester. When the ignition is turned off the device shuts itself off too and then must be reinitialized. It is hard to find an FM channel without interference. Most newer cars have an iPod socket attached to the radio and the latest iPods have a different design plug anyway.
I liked the way this case hugged my body, but after about 5 months the clip started tearing away from the holster, and a week later it tore off. The sides should be cut a little lower to enable a person to get a better grip on the phone. I dropped my phone trying to pull it out and it broke the internal part of the silent mode switch on the side of my iphone.
Thought this would be useful, but it wasn't. The belt clip snaps loose when I sit down (no... I'm not overweight) This sometimes causes the iPhone to launch into the floor or jump into the center console of the car.  Pretty darned inconvenient.  I was afraid of inadvertently loosing the phone if I didn't hear the thing fall.
I searched for days and purchased this case, really looked towards the arrival. When the iPhone is in the case you can't reach the outer keys. Most of the times you can't slide "to unlock"... so you can't use the phone. You can't charge while in case, the opening is covered by a mesh :-((. I didn't want a vertical case, I guess I'll have to settle, since this IS the only horizontal with no huge rotating clip and it is a slim good looking case.
I purchased the BT Soundfly and have used it for a couple of days.The manual is horrible.  Careful and open-minded interpretation gets you up and using the basic features.The device is somewhat bulky at its base/plug and will not fit into the main cigarette lighter in my 2008 Outback; it works fine in my 2004 STi, which has a simpler and less hindered socket.I wanted a set-and-forget option, even considered hardwiring it in.  Basically, I want my car to have a bluetooth access point.  Unfortunately, the device really wants to be unplugged when you start your car.  How badly?  My STi blew the fuse on it the third time I used it.  Couldn't figure out why the device was dead.  Even considered sending it back when I found the extra fuse in the box.  No mention of how to change the fuse or what amperage it is for when I blow it next time. Hint: unscrew the tip of the plug to eject the inline fuse.  I think it's a 500mA/250V 5mm x 20 mm fuse (the *@!# manual doesn't specify).  I'm ordering more.The device does sound very good and pairs with my Samsung S4 Google Edition.  Using it for short trips is too cumbersome.  Start car.  Insert device.  Pair with your phone.  Select your music.  Play music.  Not exactly worth it for a trip under 1 hour.  If you leave it plugged in you'll eventually blow the fuse on it with the electrical surge that accompanies ignition.
Bought this to play music through my car radio while traveling. It does the job of playing through the FM radio and sound quality is good. That's where it ends though. The manual is next to unreadable and is completely unhelpful. The user interface on the device reminds me of the display on a calculator I bought in the '70s. Red multisegment display that is very difficult to use. It doesn't show folder names or song names. The one feature I looked for .... shuffle doesn't seem to exist or if it does I can't find it. I guess I can plug in an MP3 player but somehow that seems silly when the device itself has an SD slot. I'm sorry I didn't buy the cheaper version that I'd have to plug an MP3 player into.BEWARE - horrible user interface and manual make this not worth the price. Find something more up to date!
It does not transmit the audio at a high volume level, so I always had to increase the volume on my FM player. The 'GOgroove FlexSMART X2' was much better on the volume aspect, which was quite important for me as I have an open Jeep and both devices paired with my phone easily.
easy setup, simple to use and incoming sound is clear. problem is you need to shout for ppl to hear you, and my car is very quiet. It would be helpful if there were a way to attach a remote microphone to it that could be wired to the rear view mirror, or even clip onto my shirt...
I got this way back to work with my HTC Eris. It worked. Then I got a Thunderbolt. It doesn't connect.  It also doesn't connect with my new Samsung Stratosphere.
Purchased primarily to FM-transmit mp3s from my 32GB SD card to my OEM receiver.  FM-transmitter is extremely weak even at max output (15) and full of noise.  Songs would randomly restart for no reason.  Song info not displayed on the device.  No equalizer.  My $6 no-brand cassette adapter has FAR superior sound quality.  Returned for refund within 1 week.Caveats:-Fully featured and good value.  Just not up to my standards for sound quality.-I have no experience with any other FM transmitters, this may simply be a compromised way to interface.-Bluetooth connection to iPhone Music was flawless-I did not use the phone via Bluetooth, this may or may not work perfectly.  The supplied microphone had a long cord which would have been handy.
It gave me problems the entire time.  In the end, I decided to wait to buy a newer car with bluetooth capability.  In the meantime, I just use my ear buds.
My Soundfly BT fell apart from daily use after 6 months. I went ahead and bought another one just because the FM transmitter is the best one I have found.The good:* FM transmitter is awesome, better than any of the 6 others I've tried* Bluetooth compatibility with any new-ish smart phone, works for music and phone calls* USB adapter is handy for charging my phoneThe bad:* Bluetooth voice calls require the use of the supplied wired microphone. Really? Wireless everything except the mic??!?* Hijacks my phone calls - a separate bluetooth headset is almost impossible to use with the Soundfly BT. I just want this for music, not calls. Why is that not an option?* Fell apart after 6 months - the cap on the plastic barrel that sticks in your 12v jack split in halfBottom line: I hated to buy another poorly designed and cheaply manufactured Soundfly BT, but it really does have the best FM transmitter available. DC and Baltimore metro areas don't bleed through at all.
Bought a couple of these less than 6 months ago.  While I was initially blown away by the feature set and usefulness of the device, long term use is a problem.- Since I bought 2 of these, I gave one to my son.  Through regular use it started to malfunction outside the warranty period (BT started to just not work sometimes) and he went to take it out of his lighter (to reset it) and the casing came apart along with some of the wiring inside of it.  None of this was beyond regular every day usage.  To me, this is a build quality issue that has now rendered the device useless.- The second one worked just fine for me and is now my sons as most of my driving is short enough for me not to care about having it.  It still has random BT issues where he's listening to an SD card and then for no reason, it starts cycling through the different input options.  I'm just hoping this one continues to work.At this point I can not recommend this product as with many other reviewers, the product appears to be great (or not so great) on day one and over time there just seems like an increasing risk that the product will stop working or break.  Last time I checked, most consumers don't throw $40-60 every few months in the trash and I'm not about to start either.  Save your money and look elsewhere until Satechi can make a more solidly built and reliable product.
Sound volume is about half of normal. Also, has a little motor whine/buzz. Phone call feature is great. I can not recommend as I purchased for music and it has horrible volume level and motor buzz.
I sent this back. I hooked it up to my car and synced it with my phone. When someone called me they could hear me but I could not hear them.
The unit is good but is fickle with regard to its location to optimize its potential.As the unit connects via bluetooth and FM it will create a transient pop which potentially could damage your car stereo.Ensure your sound is muted or off to avoid this problem.Unless your live in North America or UK the company will not help you with faulty goods under warranty.
The overall use of BT works fine.. but during a call people have a hard time hearing me if at all.. I end up yanking the thing out and grabbing my droid X out of the car dock. Major Pain! But so far everything else works fine.. The digital display on the unit looks like it was written for a language other than English. So I keep the manual in the car so I can translate the functions.. This is my first BT to FM unit and so far not really impressed.. The phone call part is frustrating.. Sometimes it works.. most of the time it doesn't... but just the microphone part.. I can hear the other party fine coming through the speakers.. I have an XM radio and one thing you can't do is have both running at one time so I set the XM to 88.3 and the BT to 88.5 When I have the BT going I turn off XM or you'll get feedback regardless if you have the radio frequency far apart. So it's either/or.Haven't had a problem with the remote like other users have... But would have like the option to just use my phones microphone instead of having to use theirs. The Droid X is great for speaker phone just wanted it to come through the car speakers which the unit does very well... So I'm looking to try a different mic out and see if the one they sent has a short in it.But moving the wire around doesn't make it start working again.. it's either on or off... and then my friends hang up on because they can't hear me...
After fiddling with this product for two days I decided to return it. I was looking for a FM transmitter to play music through our older Mercedes radio that has no inputs on it. While the car is parked the sound is fine however when you start the car there is ticking. I understand that this is engine noise and tried it in another vehicle with the same problem. I have a Jabra transmitter that does not have the same issue. I assume it has something to do with alternator noise coming through the 12V lighter. The Jabra unit does not plug into the lighter.The other issue I have is that the device wants to freeze up every 20 to 30 minutes or so. A reset is the only way to get it going again. By reset I mean pulling it from the 12V source and reinserting it. I am using the factory lighter not an extension.Lastly the manual is HORRIBLE. The translation from whatever it was initially written in to the printed version is a joke. Take some time and pride in your work and translate the manual correctly.I do like the auto pairing and the fact it turns on when you turn the car on. That's nice and all but with the rest of the flaws the device is not useful for me.I would not recommend anyone purchase this. It's not worth the trouble.
I really like the concept of this devices and when the car was just setting in my driveway it sounded great, however once I started moving callers regularly would tell me that there was a lot of background noise.Once I got on the highway the road noise became to much and callers frequently couldn't even understand what I was saying.
I had a lot of problems with this FM Transmitter, the Bluetooth function is very poor, the IPod/IPhone integration too.
I was excited to find a device that would provide hands-free calling, FM transmission and Bluetooth music in a relatively inexpensive device. I have used a DLO FM transmitter in my car for about three years and have been happy with it. I found the FM transmission noisier than my DLO and the hands-free ranged from fair to unusable. Most callers said it sounded like I was calling from inside a steel can and frequently asked me to repeat myself. I played around with the microphone placement, but the results were about the same. As another reviewer stated, the hands-free device should allow you to concentrate on your driving but I found myself switching to my Bluetooth headset or picking up the phone. The battery for the remote was DOA. The features of this unit are excellent but the execution is lacking.I RMA'd mine and was pleasantly surprised to find the initial shipping charge was also refunded. Thanks Amazon and Satechi.
This product works but I kept getting static on it, so I returned it. Easy, no hassle return and the credit was processed quickly. I ended up having a new stereo system installed with an adapter for my Iphone.
I have a car with build in Bluetooth so cell phone can talk through the car system.  The reason I purchased this device is to augment the audio connection.  This car has an optional Apple iP... adapter, but the adapter is in the glove box far away on the passager side.  So try to connect my iPhone to it while driving is dangeous.  So I bought this device purely for the audio purchase.The device set up is easy but the sound from iPhone 4 drops often and I also need to turn the radio up really high to get decent audio volume.  The only botton works on the remote control is the frequency chaqnge.  I asked a friend to try it on his car with his iPhone 4S and the result is the same.I am rather disappointed with the purchase.
What I liked:- Compact design (didn't need long goose neck cigarette lighter extension)- Easy to read display- Convenient buttons to control music- Paired easily with iPhone 4S; quick and easy setup and use- OK price given advertised functionalityWhat I disliked- FM transmission.  Weak and difficult to find an unused station in the Denver metro area.  Particularly poor in the evening.- Volume is very low when you do find a station (others have noted that as well and I'm betting this is due to FCC requirement to minimize transmission signal - results in week FM reception).  Increase volume on radio, but BE AWARE, when you change to CD, or AM, best to turn the radio down first or you may blow your speakers (definitely hurts the ears!)- Didn't realize external microphone is REQUIRED (my bad).  Thought it was only necessary for optimal phone use but learned it is the ONLY microphone.  While overall design is compact, this design requires a very long WIRED microphone to install and and attempt to hide (extra 3+ ft of cable dangling about).  This simply defeats the 'like' above about compact design. Why not just build a simple microphone INTO the base unit and eliminate external all together?- Flimsy front sliding door.  Other than for aesthetics, it serves no purpose.  Save manufacturing costs, delete it.- Programming instructions were pathetic (tried to turn on dynamic audio, &#34;Push button 7x, and the following should appear.&#34;); As with most multi-function minimal button designs, be prepared for sequence of button pushes to get to special features.- Remote control - Seriously?  This BT Car FM unit is clearly for automobile use.  It's purpose is to enable 'hands free' use.  There is no way I'm hunting down a 1in x 2in remote while driving to answer the phone or control the music. Seem's like a gimmick to me.At the end of the day, I hoped this would work, and with a few minor tweaks (stronger FM Transmission, built in mic) would have been a 4 Star submission.  Returning it to Amazon, and will continue my search.
I had high hopes for this product based on all the other positive reviews.  It was very easy to install and pair with my iPhone 3GS.  The ipod sound quality and functionality was great and the sound quality on the phone was almost as good.  Unfortunately, after the first phone call of each paring was completed, if I went to make or receive another call, the phone would not switch over to the Soundfly.  I contacted Satechi and was informed that it was an incompatibility with the way the iPhone's bluetooth worked.  The product itself unfortunately didn't work for me but I still would rate it highly for anyone not using an iPhone.
Several years ago, I purchased a Satechi FM transmitter for use in my vehicle. The quality of the product was very impressive, especially when it came to audio fidelity. When I saw Satechi made a Bluetooth FM transmitter, I did not hesitate to purchase their product.Unfortunately, the FM transmitter is proving to be much weaker than the one included on my previous Satechi unit. Even with a completely &#34;empty&#34; FM frequency selected, the audio sounds muffled and has noticeable background static. The audio quality is marginal at best, requiring a louder volume just to be listenable. I have to crank the knob in my car to maximum value and even then it is still a little underwhelming.The USB charger port also seems underpowered. It was very slow in charging my phone during a connection.  I have not personally tested the phone or SD card player.It's passable for listening to MP3s as long as you're not a die-hard audiophile.  That's probably the best way to sum up the overall quality of this device.
I purchased this as a replacement for the Jabra Cruiser, which I had lost on a trip when I left it in a rental car. For some reason I could not locate the Jabra unit and found Soundfly instead. Quick try-out and I'm returning it in favor of a new Jabra Cruiser (finally located it!) which is hands-down the more well designed and better functioning unit. It is also priced considerably lower.The main functionality of interest to me was 1) hands-free phone calls for my Droid smart phone (currently and Eris) and 2) the ability to listen to streaming music via my Rhapsody account.As soon as I opened the Soundfly unit I could see it was messy - an all hard-wired affair meaning that it must generally be wired into your car charger and your phone needs to be wire-connected to play music AND it uses a wired-in microphone which must be 'stickered' somewhere on the car or your clothing (?) to pick up sound. I did get it to work, but the sound was terrible. The Jabra is a single self-contained unit plus a charging wire. It charges quickly and hold its power for days. It snaps on to the sun visor - the visor clip doubles as an FM antennae to transmit phone and voice strongly to your FM. The built-in mics capture my voice easily and I have never had a complaint from the other end. The Jabra has a built-in voice prompter that tells you when you're connected, announces calls, etc. which is a real convenience and safety measure when driving.Other reviews have gone into additional details pro and con, but my summary is that it is anything but wireless!
Sound quality is great but the external microphone needs to be clipped to you.  Leaving it on the dashboard makes it sound like your at the end of a hallway.  It is also constructed out of cheap material and broke in less than a month.  My android phones Mic gets turned off when connected to the device making this useless for anything other than streaming music.
Amazon return expired in December, today is February.....otherwise the unit would be in the mail.History:Linked well with Droid, both music and phone worked as advertised.  No problem except, of course, audio quality is less than hoped for.New iPhone 4S, would not link on BlueTooth.  Well, at least I can link with the old Droid and play music...fine.  That is until the fuse blew.  Seems a common weak point in engineering.  On closer inspection....voi la SATCHI has not discovered slo-blo fuses.I will suck it up an look for slo-blo at Radio Shack, perhaps just use a gum wrapper.BE WARNED.
The Satechi FM modulator offers the capabilities of losing headset wires, getting rid of music cds, and just bringing a smartphone. The product is not intended to support Bluetooth mp3 players via bluetooth, but the modulator does support music on cell phones. It is nice that I can play music from my phone on my car stereo. I can also talk on the phone and hear people clearly through my car speakers. Besides that, the modulator takes the hassle out of manually pausing my music, and fiddling with my headset whenever I make a phone call or when I'm receiving one. I am satisfied that the product works well for its true intention. I am even more satisfied with the personal touch that the owner of the company gave me when we spoke about issuing a mp3 player supported modulator. No company online has ever showed me proper business etiquette like Satechi. I definitely would do business with company again.
Very spotty performance.  When it worked it worked pretty well.  Most of the time though you had to connect over and over until you get a solid bluetooth connection.  I ended up returning it.
I've been using this with a Samsung Focus for a few weeks, and while the product has all the features I want, it has some quirks that keep me from fully recommending it.PROS:When it works, it works great. Pairs automaticallyPhone call quality is good for a handsfree device. Mic placement is important to prevent road noise though.FM sounds good enough, the remote is convenient, but you have to point it directly at the device.CONS:The most annoying issue is the device will randomly only broadcast the right stereo channel. I've tried multiple frequencies, and paired the phone with other stereo headphones and the problem seems to be with the Soundfly.Device won't power on from time to time. I don't know if this has to do with condensation .Loud beeps as the device pairs. Turn your radio down when you pair it.
I bought this product 10 months ago and now it will no longer function.  I have changed fuses and tried several different 12 volt plugs,in different vehicles, without success.  After reading some of the negative reviews I could have saved myself some money. Don't get me wrong when it works its awesome but the product isn't  made to last.
Like most electronics in this day and age, it does what is advertised, just not for very long. I bought it for a road trip and it worked OK through that (it pairs automatically, but I couldn't get it to auto-connect) then gave out. Now it's just an expensive USB charger.
The discription paints a nice picture BUT......  The manual is ambiguous. I am using an MP3 player with my W385 motorola along with the much anticipated handsfree device, the cell phone does not work unless you turn OFF the player, as oppossed to the discription that states the music will automatically pause upon receiving phone call. Because the manual does not elaborate on proceedure and what is what - I fiddled with this thing for hours and could not make it work as discribed. I finally made a call and the sound thru my car speakers was GOOD but the recieving party said my voice was coming from a tin can-even with the microphone close to my mouth. The quality of music from my MP3 to the car radio is so-so, which I suppose is true for most FM transmitters. The remote did NOTHING.  I am assuming that if you have state of the art Radio and maybe a different music device and a fancy new I-phone it may work better.  Again, this is where a better discription of item, proper manual information and best equipment to use would come in handy.  I am returning this product. Great Idea, Need more info before you buy it.
This product sucks. $70 down the drain. Always starts the same song when it boots. Sometimes reboots when i get an android notification. Callers complain frequently about a buzzing noise i cant hear during calls. All i wanted was seamless bluetooth operation and sd mp3 playback. This product just starts the same mp3 over and over, so i have to slide the stupid little lid down and hit the next button all the time. I put 2000 mp3s on a 16 gb sd card, and it always defaults to the same track. In addition, when i skip ahead, it favors only 20 of the other 1980 tracks. Not to mention bluetooth calling doesnt really work. Id gladly spend more on something better. I feel like somebody stole $70 from me./Update:I got some advice from the company and was able to solve the issue where it just played the same mp3 over and over, though it was counter intuitive and unnecessary.  Calls still don't really work at all, constantly battling with the caller to speak and be heard.  Terrible call quality.  Tried a variety of phones, too.  Also, just took a long road trip, and the shuffle seems to default to a small fraction of the 16gb worth of music I had on the SD card.  Over all, 2 stars is pretty generous.  Review stands.
This wire worked fine for a few months, but now it refuses to connect to the iPhone.  I've tried to troubleshoot by using my original apple connector and it appears to work fine.  Maybe I got a dud, but this one just doesn't want to work for me.
After only two days of using this product, I have decided to return it because of the following:Poor grip to Window (Fallen twice so far while driving)Poor FM Transmitter (Lots of Static and Distortion)Poor Display (If the car is too hot, which in California is Inevitable, the display turns black and needs 10 minutes to cool down and be readable)Short Cable (There's not many places in the car you can put it unless you get an Extension cable.)No Memory (It always defaults to the lowest station possible; meaning if you want to listen to your music on Channel 107.1 instead of 87.6, you must dial up to 107.1 each time you start your car. This takes a very long time.)Thats it really. If anything, I would recommend getting this one:iPhone FM hands-free car charger/ Holder/ adjustable armgear / FM transmitter - works with all iPod/iPh 3G]oneIt has a GREAT Transmitter and there is no interferance with calls or Wifi
I know these were made in just about every iPod color, but I assumed that if the picture in the ad showed a SILVER one, that's what I would get. No, it is a horrible PINK color! Now they are out of stock, and it's not even worth returning anyway. Glad I have some silver spray paint. How disappointing!
The arm band was rather big for my skinny arm. I had to trim about 3 inches off, and re-stick the velcro, at the end of the band. I then applied some fray prevention solution on the edges. The material is comfortable though.My iPhone 5 with its case does not go inside the pouch too easily. Half of it is sticking out ususally. This is rather inconvenient. The iPhone 4S does not fit at all with its case. The plastic of the pouch does not appear to be very sturdy and I am not sure how long it will last, especially with me trying to jam the phone in it.
Cheap price, cheap product.  I had this less than a week and it is already broken.  There is a button snap at the top to hold the phone in the case.  The snap part broke through the back so now I can't snap the top to hold it in the case.  If you have the money to buy a more expense one do it.
This item is a great idea, and if you have larger than average adult male arms, it may be perfect for you. However, if you are female, and/or if you are fairly slender, like I am, you may need to put a folded up washcloth or something else in between the band and your arm to make it useable. It may also be useful worn over a jacket. I may have that use for it come wintertime.
Does not fit onto a standard size arm your bicep would need to be atleast 30'
This is an ok cover for the Sony 505 ebook reader screen but there are drawbacks.Pros- Exact fit to the Sony 505 reader screen.- Feels a bit thicker than other screen covers.Cons- High glare.  This is a glossy finish and completely counters the Sony 505 reader's anti-glare screen.  It is too reflective if you use your unit under direct light.If you are looking for a screen cover and don't mind the glare this is a good product.  However, consider one of the anti-glare screen covers available since the glare off this cover was pretty annoying.
Arrived as agreed but it was difficult to remove from package the adhesive was super sticky and once the foil bent it had a memory and would not go back. Brilliant shine at first and dulled by contact with your fingers. A lot of money for a little piece of foil.
I  bought this case when it was 10$ and it had free shipping. If your paying anymore than that then  I suggest you just buy one of those cheap silicone cases instead. Within the first few days the case had wear on the bottom and toward the next few weeks the end of case got loser, to the point where i could slip the ipod through both ends of the leather case. This is a big NO NO and spells for a disaster. How is this case suppose to hold a $250+ gadget when it can barley hold itself?The company advertises that the case has a Nappa leather front, but being use to buying cheap things I could easily point out bad workmanship. It was like the front and back of the case was glued to each other more than sewed, and the leather does not feel as real as my nice and expensive wallets or purses.The velvet backing does add a nice touch and the caliber is very durable and least the of the cheap things in this package. The necklace is nice, but feels a little short for me(I'm 5'4 by the way). The screen protector is very cheap, but it's quality is waaaaay better than the Koss screen protectors that you seen on sell here on Amazon, it let's me see the screen clearly and protects my screen from water or any other nasties from touching my screen, as you can see I'm very pleased with that.The last reviewer said that the case feels snug, maybe a little too snug. S/he's right, the case is pretty tight when you first get it, but as I stated before it's gets lose pretty easily. If you want a cheap solution to a temporary problem(like you can't buy an expensive case right away), then this may be the case for you. But if you want something more durable I encourage you to buy the .01-6$ silicone cases that Amazon has  here. Besides that ignore this case and go buy something else!!
I ordered the Alu-leather Edge case in cranberry from Proporta early in 2009. It arrived within 2 weeks from the UK. It truly protected the iPod Touch (2G)'s screen beautifully with the aluminum cover. The case is slightly bulky and increases the width of the iPod Touch to 2x of its native width. The leather-covered edges and aluminum/leather top cover snugly protected the iPod really well.Given the high price of $50- for the case, I would have expected the case to last a long time. Unfortunately the leather lining the polycarbonate edges on the bottom of the case began to fall off within 4 months of moderate use. Then as the pieces of leather fell apart, the rest of the case started to disintegrate. The one sturdy piece was the leather top cover with the aluminum backing which covered the iPod's touchscreen. Then the back leather cover tore off after the pieces of the leather lining were falling off. The iPod remained well-protected in spite of the disintegrating case, but the case looked horrible-- like a derelict property.Proporta has a lifetime warranty for its products. I've mailed the case back to Proporta, and they promise to send me a new case. Their customer reps have been helpful and responsive by e-mail. I will update the review when I get a new case and see how long the replacement lasts.Unfortunately in the interim while awaiting the replacement case, my "naked" iPod Touch without its Proporta Alu-leather case keeps on falling out of my pocket and landing in random places. As an ER doctor constantly on the move, the iPod Touch fell out of my scrub top's front pocket while I was on duty, and sadly I've lost my iPod Touch to either the hospital's trash compactor or else to another scarier, unknown fate.Overall, the Alu-leather case for the iPod Touch 2G/3G would have been a 4.5 star product due to its beautiful looks, the sturdy and attractive leather-aluminum top cover. Unfortunately the poorly made leather-covered back cover and bottom edges subtracted 4 stars. The friendly, responsive customer service from Proporta gives them at least 1 star back. The loss of my iPod Touch 2G  in the interim should subtract at least 6 stars!UPDATE 7/7/10: I'm onto my THIRD Alu-leather case now. Fortunately the Proporta customer service agents are nice enough to send me a new one each time that the case breaks down. So it's nice to see that Proporta backs up the lifetime warranty. Unfortunately about 2 months into the 3rd case, the leather lining in one corner of the case already begun to fray...
This charger works as advertised but if you use an Otterbox case for your iPhone then the plug will not fit as it is more square and larger than the Apple or AT&T branded charger plugs.
After reading many reviews, I purchased this case for my new Ipod Touch.  I knew I didn't want a silicone case (too much lint and stuff) and I wanted something that would keep the Touch its sleek size.  I was concerned about the bottom part of the case not being secure (it is 2 pieces), and the fit was great.  I also think that the screen protector is great too.  I've not had any problems with the case itself.  What I have a problem with is how it seems to affect Wi-fi reception.  I wouldn't think a plastic case could do this, and I'm still not sure why, however it seriously messes up my Wi-fi reception.To explain, I have a Wi-fi network at home, which is maybe a bit old, but the Touch shows 2 bars when I'm connected.  Downloading is hit or miss.  Sometimes its relatively quick, other times, nothing can download.  I thought it was my home network, so I started asking my husband for an upgrade of our wireless router.  I really did think it wasn't the Ipod, rather my crummy Wi-fi, possibly the App or bad luck.This has been the case since March.  Sometimes things are fast, sometimes painfully slow.Today I was at the opening of our neighborhood swimming pool.  They have free Wi-fi, and I had the Touch with me.  My group was wondering about a place nearby, so I whipped out my Touch to look for it on the internet.  I had a 1 dot (bar) signal, and I thought again that it was just my Touch.  Shortly thereafter, I saw several people with laptops accessing the internet with no problems.  I started to wonder, is my Touch broken?  Do I need to be in a different place?  So I started wandering around the club, looking for a better signal.  I never had more than one dot.  I sat back at our table and I was thinking that the Wi-fi feature of the Touch was really not that great.  I thought, maybe it's the case?  I decided to take the cover off and I had a full signal.  Super fast searches, immediate email downloads!  No time-outs!  I put the cover back on, and my reception was poor again.  I thought it was a fluke, so when I came home I did the same thing.  My mediocre reception, with the case on, was 100% improved with the case off.Long story short, I think this case does something funky with your Wi-fi reception.  So if, like me, that is an important feature of your Touch, I might consider something else.
Bought this case to replace my best skins ever skin.I am just going to make a short list of pros and cons.+Protects my iPod+Looks good, solid and stylish+Good value-If you put your iPod into the case, your iPod will get scratched, because some sand particles or sth similar will most probably stay between the case and your iPod.-The case is made of 2 parts. The lower part (black) tends to come off too easy.-The lower part tends to break too easy as well.-After just 3 weeks the case itself is already really scratched.In conclusion: I can't recommend this particular case. Try something else from Griffin (they make quite good stuff actually) or something from some other company.
This would be a five star review if not for the lack of durability in the product's clip.  I have owned two of these cases so far and probably should have learned from the first.  The clip on this case WILL wear out over time.  This seems to especially occur if you keep it in the "locked" position often for setting on tables and whatnot.  The clips on both of mine gave out after awhile (first took a year, the other just a few months).  So be warned.  Heavy use of this product will break it.  Given the price, however, this may not bother some.
I ordered this for my wife's birthday and she loves the case. In fact, it worked very well in protecting her brand new iPod Touch when it went crashing to the ground after the armband failed.The armband is not much more than an elastic strap with a smaller piece of elastic sown on to accommodate the clip on the back of the case. While she was walking (not even jogging) on the treadmill at the gym, the small elastic strip tore away from the larger strap. The construction of the armband is quite shoddy, but the quality of the case saves the product from getting only one star.
I had it for a total of 1 month then the clip broke. And the case part got all kinds of stuff inside it!
These are just cheap pieces of plastic. They broke on me while trying to open my iPod.
This really didn't pry open my ipod 2g. Broke with one use, maybe i wasn't using it correctly. If you are prying off an Ipod screen I would say save yourself the money and use an exacto knife, or box cutter to cut around the screen, and then a guitar pick to actually pry.
The case was nice while it lasted.  The cutouts and the tabs at the corners are weak points and quickly developed fatigue cracks and eventually fell apart 2 months after I bought it.  I only took the phone out of the case once or twice.  Not worth the 10 bucks.
I bought this transmitter because I loved the fact that it was wireless and nice looking. I live in Southern California and it is extremely difficult to find an available frequency. I did not expect it to work perfectly, but literally all I get is static every 30 seconds. I think the transmitter would work okay in a less heavily populated area.
This device pairs well with the 4g Nano and looks good. The idea of this device however is far better than in practice. The audio is poor to fair, with frequency availability and channel spacing in a metro area hard to tie down to anything close to reasonable. Perhaps a rural location would prove better. If the audio and transmission systems could be improved, this would be a fantastic addition to the Nano.
It looks better in the picture. It would be better with a strap or handle for portability and it's hard to move the ipod dial in the case. I wouldn't buy another....
Purchased this case with high hopes.  It protects your phone with a hard case that is fantastic.  The screen protector is also very responsive.  There was a "rainbow" effect that became more noticable over time.  This was mild and invisable while using the phone, apps, or the other various functions of the device.  The texturing really helps the phone feel secure in your hand.The case has two problems. The texturing started to rub off after only a week.  This really effects the look but not a real issue for me except the second problem.  The case forms tightly around the case and can potentionally scratch the back of the case.  Mine was too tight or poorly constructed and the top began to split after the second installation.  Now the case lets in all sorts of dirt and pocket lint.
OK I heard this case was really cool and the glass was the great in terms of performance. Well I don't agree with this. My Iphone works perfectly out of the case but in the case the ability to hang up on a call is not the best. I actually have to take the glass out clean it with soap and water a reseat it for it to work. Probably got a bad one or this case is not worth the cost.
I purchased two cases; one for me and one for my wife.  While the case functions quite well, the latch on my case broke off.  My wife's case is even worse.  A piece of glass between the earpiece and the case broke off; the case has split on the seam in one place and it is scratched.  High price to pay for such poor quality.
Rubberized coating is peeling off the front part of the case. This is not happening on the back part. I ordered a black and red case. They both are doing this.Once the phone is in the case don't plan on removing it. The only way I have been able to remove from either case is push a pen next to the earphone jack. This causes damage to the Iphone but was the only way to get it out.As for the rainbow effect. I had read the reviews and thoroughly cleaned both screens. This seemed to fix the problem for one case but the other I must have missed a tiny bit at the top and now the oil has worked its way down the screen. The risk for damage to the iphone or case during removal I decided to leave the "rainbow" for now.
The flex cable i ordered was good for like a day after that it just stopped working i checked to make sure it wasnt my iphone but it wasnt it was the flex cable becuse my old one still worked except for the power button but the one i recieved nothing worked after one day
I have the Sport package. It comes with a Receiver, and a Chip you stick in your shoe. With any iPodyou bought from 2009+ you do not need the receiver. You only need the chip (and a holder for it, if you don't have the special Nike+ shoes).The watch-Remote is the same deal. You don't need the receiver if your iPod is 2009+.I bought this because I wanted everything to be Nike+. I thought it was better and would link together more cleanly if everything was all the same name brand.I was wrong.The Chip synced up nicely in just a few seconds, and I had my Workouts going just fine.The Watch-Remote is another story.With the Receiver, without the Receiver, makes no difference. It's not linking up to the iPod Touch.If you do a search for a few minutes on line about "Nike iPod Watch Remote", or look at the iPod, or Nike+ Forums, you will see a tidal wave of bad reviews, and syncing issues. There are several suggestions, but none worked for me, nor about 70% of the people who had the same issue.Solutions Include:--Resetting the ipod--Updating the iPod--Putting a new battery in the remote--Linking/unlinking turning remote commands on/off--Trying to sync the remote and iPod with Receiver Plugged in (the first time).--Pressing the PLAY button on the Remote, Before trying to Sync.According to Tech support: "Replace the battery. The watch function and the light display will continue to function on Low Battery; the remote control function is typically the first function to suffer when battery power is diminishing."This worked. The battery needed is CR1632. Buy three when you buy your watch. You'll need them.The left button that controls the Pace, Distance, etc. Announcement, is the Power Song button. You have to press and hold for 3 seconds.The delay for almost all the buttons is less then .5 seconds.When pausing and restarting the Workout, it Speaks "pausing Workout" and turns the volume down before stopping. It's not instant.This remote ONLY WORKS when you are running. I tried tricking it. I moved my shoe around and started the workout. After the shoe didn't move for 2 minutes, the remote stopped controlling the iPod.Remember this, if you hit a long RED-Light while running.This remote ONLY WORKS if you are using the Nike+ Workout. It will not control your music if the workout is not running.I also notice a lot of people giving 5 star reviews for the watch with statements like: "I love it. It's my 3rd one this year. I can't live without it." , "Its great, when it works.", "High Quality, but the battery dies after 2 uses." etc. etc.5 Stars is supposed to be for something that is perfect, not something with so many obvious flaws.The buttons are easy to find, but hard to press, there is a lot of resistance. I guess they didn't want you accidentally hitting the buttons.The watch is almost useless.Yeah, it looks cool, but you can't just glance at it, and know the time. You have to press the Right button and it will scroll the time with it's LEDs. Tough to read in bright light.A much better suggestion for controlling your iPod with a Watch Remote is theTimex Unisex Blue Ironman Sleek iControl Resin Strap Watch #T5K049You can control the music at any time, and it reads as a watch. Snowboarding is good. You can use it with your gloves on.
it worked for a couple of runs after the initial link to my Nike+ receiver on my iPod Nano 3G . Then I could not get it to control the Nike+ interface anymore. after working w/ Nike tech support I had to send it back. Now I am sending the 2nd one back. Don't waste your money or time. it's too bad, this should be a simple thing to program and should work every time. it is extremely frustrating when it stops functioning just before a long run.
It only works when actively running, and is a pain to read and use. I purchased it and used it once.
Flimsy and not great. The part that holds the phone is all cheap plastic which feels like lying when your product is called an "aluminum stand".
Purchased this in hopes of replacing my digital frame at work.  When you slide the iPhone in this and turn on iPhoto's slideshow, it works and looks great especially when the device is in the landscape position.  Enjoy that feeling when you first get it, for everything's downhill from there.You can/need to plug in the sync cord on the side to continue to power the device.  The slide show evidently takes up a lot of juice.  This sleek aluminum device suddenly has a cord sticking out one side.  You could plug in a headphone/audio wire on the other end to really kill the sleek look to look like you are running a cold fusion experiment.  To get the phone out of this holder you have to:  1) pick up the entire device, 2) unplug the power/sync cord, 3) press a button in the back that partially dislodges the iPhone from the holder, 4) throw the iPhone into your other hand for it to fall out (think getting ketchup out of the bottle).  It's not hard to do and I'm not implying that this device is improperly engineered - I don't think I would want a less-snug fit.I think if I could do it over again I would stick with Apple's portrait-oriented stand and re-engineer my slide show for portrait instead of landscape.
The plus points are 1) Great shock absorption - if you tend to drop your iPhone frequently, go running with it etc. 2) Earphone storage (wraps around the back very conveniently). The BIGGEST drawback, however, which makes it a real showstopper for me - is that it covers part of the proximity sensor on the front top of the iPhone. This sensor detects the proximity of your ear to the iPhone - and essentially blackens the screen so that you do not accidentally press any buttons (e.g. cheek pressing against iPhone). Well - since this sensor is covered - you end up pressing all kinds of keys accidentally - and it makes it a real challenge to handle telephone calls. I cannot use this cover when I am on a call. I use it for carrying it around, listening to the iPod etc. - but that's about it.
About two weeks after I put this on my phone, I began thinking about a new case.  Time has not changed that opinion for me.  The case is easy to put on and does have a great no-slip feel to it.  However, it is simply not the best constructed case.  I've had mine for 9 months or so and it has torn and lost some of the no-slip grip.  Furthermore it has stretched out horribly.  To the point where the phone can dislodge itself from the case in my pocket, as well as fitting loosly (and somewhat frighteningly) most of the time.It is a personal decision, but I think my next case will be a nice hard case.
Item DOES charge iPod, BUT most of the time when charging, it cuts off the audio to my in-dash automotive head-unit.  Not very pleased since I have to choose to EITHER charge the iPod OR listen to the iPod, not both at th same time as I was lead to believe this unit should accomplish.
I purchased this charge converter to convert my 2008 BMW 5-series iPod connection to support the iPhone 3GS. The fit between the adapter and the iPhone has been poor from the start. There is no latching mechanism, and the converter is often loose. The connection has been intermittent, and now doesn't work at all. I will need to purchase another product to replace this one.
The speakers system is not bad. Sound is just fair. Don't expect the sound like big system sound. I
Item FAILED after only 5 weeks, and seller's return sends you back to Amazon. Net return to Amazon was going to get me $16. Total rip-off. Unit is poorly made (in China of course). Slot for 5V power supply but no chord included (runs off iPhone/iPod battery) and no chord available. Don't waste your money. Guess Amazon isn't always better than Best Buy stores!
I went to the Apple store a couple of days ago to try to find a power solution for a trip I have across country coming up.  I knew my options included the Slider case with a built in battery, the 3GJuice (this one is not available at Apple Store), the Kensington Mini Battery Extender, and this model from Griffin.  They all seemed to claim the same prolonged battery life/recharge specs, so I went with the Griffin model at $39 instead of paying $49 for the Kensington or $79 for the Slider power case.  (The 3GJuice, available only online as far as I know, is $55 online but lists for $65.)  The Griffin PowerBlock does have 5 green led lights on the front of the battery to indicate the current level of charging when plugged in, but does not illuminate when plugged into the iPhone dock.  So before I go across country in a little over a month, I decided to try it out to see if I made a good choice on the ten dollar savings.  The night before I had given the PowerBlock a full charge, and my phone when I connected the PowerBlock had about 1/2 charge.  The phone immediately displayed the battery icon indicating that the phone was being charged.  So far so good.  Since my plans are to use my iPhone to watch videos as I travel, and since the manual claims up to 6 hours of additional video usage with the PowerBlock I thought I would start it up and let it run and check on it periodically.  After only one hour and 15 minutes the battery icon so longer showed that it was charging, so I disconnected the PowerBlock from the phone, plugged it into an AC outlet, and pressed the button to see if it was really drained.  It was.  Then I checked my phone to see if I had a full charge, which still would have extended the phone's battery life pretty well, but it was barely greater that the amount of charge from when I began.  So the best I can tell you will get somewhere between 1-2 hours more video usage, but nowhere near the 6 hours claimed.  This product will be returned to where I bought it and I plan to check reviews on the others I have listed to try to find one whose claims of extended battery life are valid per their published specifications.
Not much that hasn't been said - but as others, I was excited by the potential of this accessory -I recently upgraded to the 3Gs specifically to obtain and use the GolfShot app > a real power drain - [...]At 45%, the fully charged Griffin only raises the on-board batter by 20% (65%) - I'd have actually been thrilled with the 40% increase mentioned by another reviewer - it simply doesn't have any real power - the only application might be as an emergency source if your phone is completely dead... but on a daily basis, it is useless. Not worth the effort to charge and carry.Additionally - because of its design, it will not attach to a phone in a case > necessitating removal and opening the phone to damage while charging. Again, a real drawback > an interim male-female cord would be a great help here.If I'd thought to hold on to the box/packing, I'd have already returned for a refund - skip this product -My two-cents -
Compared with Monster's iCarplay, this transmitter is really inferior.  The bass quality is lacking and the static interference is very noticeable.  The iCarplay is pricer, but you get a lot better product.
When I first received this, it worked great. It charged and played music very good for about 2 weeks, then it stopped charging. So, I guess it halfway works.
This worked great until the swivel piece snapped and cracked in such a way it's not fixable. Disappointed to spend $25 on such a simple design that can't even hold up to light use. I don't recommend

I bought two of these.  The first broke in a week.  Part of the blue clamp just snapped off.  But it was so handy, I bought a second one.  This one broke also, up at the ball that pivots around to allow you to rotate the iPhone within the clamp.So frustrating because the product is really useful, but two breaking so quickly means I threw my money away.
First of all the neck is too short. The clamp is not strong enough. Would be nice if the clamp was metal, instead of plastic, and the clamp should be longer, and grip better. I would not buy this again. I had too high of expectations with this product.
The clamp broke literally the 3rd time I tried to use it.  Up until then, it seemed to work pretty good.  I read a review that claimed that they bought this product and it also broke pretty soon after beginning to use it, and yet I bought it anyway.  You have been warned.
This product is a great idea and very easy to use.  It is poorly made and 2 of the pieces (important pieces) keep falling off.  I wish I had purchased something else instead.
I bought this for my iPhone 4. I have bought and tried several mounts from Hong Kong and have yet to hit the nail on the head for a great product. I was very disappointed in this product for $30. It is way overpriced for what you get. The clip is not that strong, and has an unusual shape that is not forgiving. The flexible arm is not all that flexible.  The mount to hold your phone is not easily opened, but does hold the phone very tight, so tight it is a pain to get out.  I tried to put this in my car and was unable to find a place where the awkwardly shaped clip would fit. I finally attempted to clip it to the passenger visor and it was just ok.  The vehicle vibration was not dampened at all and the product bounced too much.  To top it all off, I tried to attach it to my vision treadmill and it would not open wide enough.  The only thing I can think of it being useful for is on a plane, and then it may vibrate too much.  Unfortunately, the $5 suction cup mounts from Hong Kong are better than this one. They need to improve the flexibility of the neck and redo the clip.  $30 is way too much for this piece of plastic.  For $10 I may have kept it, but for $30 it went back. Fail.
The joint that attaches the iPhone to the flexible rod broke after just a few days of use.  Great idea for a product...too bad it's made so cheaply.
I love this product but after a few weeks, the little tabs that are enclosed in the screw know (that tightens it) break. This is my second arm and my last.
There are a few reasons I purchased the In Your Face iPhone holder and I can honestly say it worked for me once. I had intended to use the holder for my iPhone mainly to record video stably and secondly to be able to watch video on a plane without holding the phone in my hands. I will say the holder part for the phone does a nice job...But the clip that holds the unit to whatever it is you want to clamp it to is just to weak to do its job. The only way I was able to get a good grab out of it was to clip it to a table that happened to be the perfect size (like the piece of wood in the picture) AND have the gooseneck straight up/forward a bit so it does not slip off. All other attempts went wrong, almost breaking my phone couple times. I would not recommend it.
the grip is not strong enough and falls over easily. Forget using it on a golf cart, my iPhone fell out of the cart several time. Weak hold on anything.
In your face ended up in my lap.  The product is a great idea, except it is built poorly.  Mine lasted three weeks before the clip broke and the part that held the phone just fell off.  I fixed it several times by re screwing the head back on... but it just didn't hold up.  Maybe I just got a defective one... I shall see.  I bought two one for each car, if the second one lasts as long as the first then I know it is the way its built.
I tried to use it on my treadmill. The vibrations of the treadmill causes the iPhone to shake too much. Needs a better, bigger clamp.
Not a very practical mount for use in your car. Seriously, I had no place to clamp it. Where would I clamp it? On my rearview mirror? Vents? I had to be very creative when mouting this product, dropping my glovebox and clamping it to that.  And when I did find a place to clamp it I had to make sure it was at an upward angle because the arm isn't that strong so when I hit a bump it would drop lower and lower.  Clamp isn't very good strong either.  The worst thing about it is the connection between the arm and the part that holds the ipod, it begins to strip if you adjust and move the ipod and is soon holding on for dear life.  I gave it 2 stars because the part that holds the ipod itself is very very secure.  It will never let the ipod get out of it's grasp.  However it's attachment to the arm will drop it.  I have my ipod in a Otterbox case and I was able to install it in the mount, with a little bita of brut force.  Don't buy this product, get the Kensington mount instead.  Very strong arm and suction cup.  It's grip on the device isn't as strong but has never dropped my HTC Evo.
Was so disappointed in the holding power of the clamp. Tried to clip it in several places in my car. Slip-sliding away. Suction cups would have been better. The rest of the device is good (neck could be an inch longer); but it's useless in a car.
I saw the previous reviewer's comments about the poor volume control, but figured it was still worth ordering.  Unfortunately, the volume controls are even worse than I feared.  There are buttons for volume up and down, and one push of the button makes a huge change in the volume.  Everything is either too loud or too soft, and it ruins listening to it much more than I expected.  Avoid.
Despite giving this speaker dock 3-4 stars in each of the individual attribute categories, I could not bring myself to give it more than 2 stars overall. The main problem for me was, as has been covered by another reviewer, the volume control. I use the term "volume control" very loosely here and was horrified to find out just how bad this was implemented. You can forget about this one altogether if you plan to use this in an office setting such as a cubicle that requires low volume. Apparently, the volume is 'controlled' in increments and when you try to go from zero volume to the next lowest setting it jumps WAY too high. I've never seen (or should I say heard) anything like it. For that reason alone I could not bring myself to give it even 3 stars.To be fair though, the speaker set isn't all bad. For example, the higher the volume, the less control was an issue for me. The sound quality isn't exactly horrible given its size either. If you plan to use this product at mid-volume, such as in a kitchen while cooking or outside on the deck it should be fine. I'm guessing this unit was designed with the iPhone in mind as it is a perfect fit and slides into landscape mode almost effortlessly.As a final note, I want to point out that this unit goes into sleep mode after five minutes of non-activity and powers itself off automatically after 30 minutes of non-activity. While that may seem like a good feature to most people, it was actually another reason I decided to return the unit. I was hoping to use it in conjunction with an iPhone alarm clock application. I'm sure you can see where I'm going with this...after the speakers powered themselves off, the alarm could not be heard through the speakers. Since most people probably would not use this particular speaker set for that purpose, I did not factor it into my 2-star rating whatsoever. Just thought it might be worth mentioning.
The problem with this product is that you really cannot use it in an office setting- it's simply FAR too loud when plugged in to the Ipod plugin.  You can use the aux cable and control the volume much better(get the perfect volume for an office), but the problem is the sleep timer.  Plugging your Ipod into the port overrides the auto sleep mode which goes into effect every five minutes, but if you use the aux cable, you have to press a button on the speaker every five minutes or it will shut off.  Basically, you have a product that's either too loud(making it impossible to use in an office), or you have a product that frequently requires your attention(making it impractical to use in an office).  Overall...not a good buy.However the sound quality is good when loud, so it would be fine to use at home.  I just use my computer at home, though, so I returned it and picked up a Skull Candy Pipe.  The sound quality isn't as great while at higher volumes, but it gets much more quiet.
I wanted a docking station for my office at work.  I like the size because it doesn't take up too much room on my desk.  I also like that it charges my iPod.  However, I'm very disappointed in the volume control.  You cannot control the volume through your iPod, just through the docking station.  In an office setting, you usually want the volume at a respectable level.  When I initially dock my iPod, it seems the default sound level is LOUD, so I have to be cautious to immediately turn the volume down as low as it can go after I've turned it on.  The next level of volume from no sound is usually too loud.  Where is the low setting?  Sometimes I have turned the volume down to silent when a client comes in and minutes later, perhaps when a song switches, it will get loud all on its own.  I've had certain songs seem to increase in volume all by themselves.  Do not recommend for an office setting.
Works  like it's suppose to. the reception was alright, and when it wasn't i just pressed a button to find a better station. however, the chords all started to come out quick and finally, one just was completely removed. Broke too quick for me to like it.
my mp3 player needs a mini usb plug to get power .. this unit is pictured with only the 3-contact stereo earphone plug .. how can it possibly provide power to my mp3 player via the player's OUTPUT audio port?
I'll start with the pro's.Pros:It was delivered far more quickly than was expected. It is built solidly. It will probably last awhile.Cons:Firstly, the box that I received indicated that the product was refurbished. The case was scratched and had smudges on it. Not a big deal. The actual product was fine. However if I want a refurbished product I will go to fry's and buy a refurbished product. I like to buy things new for a reason. I treat my equipment well and not everyone else does so. Secondly, I plugged it in and the smart scan indicated a few different stations each time I pressed the button. 89.7 was one station for instance that it indicated. 89.7 Power FM is a station which is very much in use and strong as were the majority of the other stations that this device scanned and apparently thought were good picks. Again, not a big deal as I knew that 105.1 was the best bet and switched over to that. It started off OK. Not any crystal clear clarity to brag about here but it worked so I was satisfied. Then I started driving... every perceivable bump caused a jump in static. I tried moving the device around to see if I could get better clarity. Instead the device somehow reoriented itself so that now I have to hold it perfectly in the middle of the air in order to get a semi-clear sound at all. When I set the device down there is instant and overwhelming static. While I am a talented individual I do not think I will precede to drive whilst holding this device head level.DISCLAIMER: I live in a very crowded city. For those who live out in the countryside this device will probably work just fine. As I mentioned, it is built to last. I do not think this product was cheaply made and I do not feel "gipped". This seems to be a problem with every FM transmitter I have tried. It plugs in solidly and the option to charge your device via usb as you drive is very convenient.
I have the itrip universal PLUS. It is cool except for the fact that I paid $50 and it tore up after 15 months.  Only came with a 12 month warranty. The cord that leads to jack that connects to the device is tearing up.  I can see the color wires on the inside and now it is shorting out! Not my first transmitter, but maybe my worst as far as how it held up. Smart scan not accurate. LATE UPDATE the company sent me a new one but it didn't last a year, Unfortunately.  Appreciate them sending another after warranty but that's about it.
I got a few recommendations for these by some techy friends and purchased them so I could pick them up in Cali when I went for a visit (I live in Mexico)...however the sound is very crackly in one speaker and sometimes when I go to charge and listen simultaneously they squeal really loud.  SO now I am stuck with crackly squealy speakers I can't return.  Bummer.
The bass sounds like a monkey banging on toilet paper rolls, high frequencies are totally lost (missing).  It's super-convenient and looks nice, but I can't listen for long until the monkeys really start to get on my nerves.
I bought 2 of these as gifts for my sons ipods for Christmas.  One worked well.  Charged properly it does produce not bad sound.  They are a bit of pain to charge as you have to use the USB and you can't play them while you are charging.  The USB plug connects the two speakers when being played but when disconnected and plugged into a computer charge the batteries.  As said in other reviews the batteries are not user replaceable.  A side note, according to the company that sells these the speakers have to have the on off switch in the on position to charge.  The 2nd unit was plugged in for several hours with the charging light lit.  When unplugged the blue power light dimmed out and the speakers didn't work.  Contacted the company and a nice person answered that these need to be charged for several hours, so I plugged them in for several hours with the switch in the on position and the same thing happened.I have lost my receipt for the speakers (who keeps receipts for $20 items?)  Apparently without a receipt the company will not issue an RMA for the speakers even though there is an alleged 6 month warranty and who keeps receipts for $20 items for 6 months?  Anyway the place I bought them offered to swap them out for me.  So, I guess if you can trust where you bought them to help you out then these are an okay speaker, if not you are on your own.  I would look elsewhere and if I can talk the store into a different brand I will gladly go to a different company's speaker.
The base quality on this product is quite disappointing.  I'm not even sure why the speakers twist to raise, since they don't even move when music plays.They function, but bear minimum.
X-mini is a stronger richer mini vacuum speaker. Grandmax tweakers have absolutely no bass. They look really cool but that's it. Now I gotta find some sap to buy these so I can get a x-mini again. Sold it thinking these would he better. I was wrong....
I got this item to play back NPR pieces for an English class (foreign scholars and researchers). I found that the sound was a bit too soft on occasion for the class. Some students mentioned they had a hard time hearing the news items. On the other hand- for personal use in, say, a hotel room, it would be fine.
There are only two other portable speaker systems I have used: the iLuv iSP110 and the Altec Lansing M/MT227 series. The former is even worse than this one, but this one certainly can't hold a candle to the Altec Lansing speakers.No matter if you tweak or don't tweak or whatever the gimmick is, bass response is weak and tinny. Mids feel hollow, lack depth, and treble is almost non-present. There is no smoothness, either; if the quality is going to be this bad, one could at least work on the transitioning and nature of the sound in order to mask some of it. But no, it appears that Grandmax has gone the other way and tried to separate all three frequency ranges, resulting in even worse sound quality.The only two ways in which these speakers are better than the MT227 is that they are smaller, and thus more portable (although this is negligible given that there are two speakers here and the MT227 is only one), and that they run on rechargeable Li-ION batteries, which may be easier for some versus the three AAs in the MT227s.But seriously, get the Altec Lansings, or at least look elsewhere. Grandmax has put out a product that should be priced at half of what it currently is.
Nice to look at, cool design, mediocre sound.After reading some good reviews, I thought they would sound a lot better, and not slightly better than my Laptop speakers.  Did I expect too much from a tiny set of speakers?  Are all portable speakers this tinny sounding?  Disappointing, and for me it was a waste of money.
Bought this product for work, worked well enough to begin with. Speakers went out after 6 months, worth pretty much what I paid for them.
***Update - the Tweakers have stopped taking a charge and therefore are useless now (after about 1 year of owning them and using them only a few dozen times).  I called GrandMax and was told that they won't replace them.  So, I've reduced my rating from 4 stars to 2 - I know they're inexpensive, but I expected a longer life than this.I'm really enjoying my Tweakers.  For the size and portability, they provide very good sound.  In fact, my only real complaint is that they can't be used while plugged in to save the battery or so you can listen while charging - well they can, but the sound is horrible.  There is a buzzing sound that I assume comes from the current.  But, when using them as they were intended - as portable, battery operated speakers - I'm very pleased.
Cute design but using the word "BASS" on this product goes a smidgen beyond accurate. Okay, I'm being too picky but when compared to the Altec Lansing Orbit M's, these cute little pop up speaks leave a lot to be desired. Hey, I should know better than to expect Altec performance from something as gimmicky as these. Maybe they just look too much like R2D2 to resist.
they had a great sound but Dont work long. they broke within a month of me owning them and i only used them the most 5 times.
I got these as a gift, and at first I was excited because my old iPod speakers on my desk at work are crappy and have lots of static at low volumes.  I charged these speakers before using them.  The sound is clear (no static) at low volumes, but the sound quality isn't great.  And when the batteries ran low, I tried to plug them in and play music at the same time---no dice.  It makes a REALLY loud static sound, and there's no way you can listen to music when it's that bad.  I don't want to spend all day alternating between music and silence just to charge these dumb little speakers.  I'm tempted to keep them for "emergencies," but I can't imagine a situation where I would actually use them.  Bummer.
Yes, I bought mine last year and these things were good.  But after not using them for some months, of course the charge went. So now, I wanted to charge them up again - they will NOT take a charge, even over night and no matter what USB port I plug it into, no success.Grandmax or GMAX or whatever, I'm not likely to buy, or accept a free set, another of these.== I'm gonna do like some others here and try something different, maybe even a pair of portable speakers with small batteries like others have mentioned.== Originally, I'd have given these a five star rating...
This product arrived on time and in good working condition.  The transmitter works very well - sound quality is as good as other similarly priced iphone/ipod transmitters.  The plastic cradle, however, does not work so well.  It's cheap plastic, and the adjustable feature of the cradle arms are as good as nothing.  I tried to adjust the arms and now they're stuck.  I can't pull them out anymore - they seem to be stuck forever.  So if I want to keep using the transmitter, I have to find another way to support my iphone.  I emailed and called this seller, and no response whatsoever.  So considering the transmitter half of this product works, for a mere $30, I got exactly what I paid for, no more, no less.
The Pros:I liked the convenience of having the tidy cables and having only one wire going to my iPhone. I really liked the Pause/Play and fwd and back buttons, especially with the iPhone, where there are no tactile buttons to operate while driving.The Cons:The main problem I had with it was that there was noise in the audio. It was a strange subtle constant beeping noise that was most apparent when the iPhone was paused. The unit I had also played celphone noise to my radio, which is something that didn't happen with other products. Also, The rotating head on the button area got to be really flimsy after only a week of using it.For the price, and previous experience with an older Monster iPod/Aux Car charger, I expected a much better product. I ended up returning the Icarcharger after a couple of weeks for a different solution.
This armband fell apart about one week after I started using it for running and working out--hadn't even tried to wash it yet.I had posted a negative review on here, and someone at AccessoryWizard sent me a sob story to ask me to take it down in exchange for a better replacement armband.THAT armband has now required fabric glue in several places: most of the Velcro spots needed re-gluing (or they would eventually come off, and until then would guarantee a jam-up in the buckle), as well as re-sealing the vinyl protective window to the fabric.Make your own decision about "value for the money," but realize that what you're buying is not a product up to any professional standards.
You get what you pay for.  Very poor quality.  It didn't fit well in the 12v outlet and moved around a lot.  Also it had trouble transmitting to the car on occasion.  Didn't want to charge my iPhone either.  Don't waste your money :(
Not very good quality, car charger plug fell apart when being removed from socket after first time plugged in. Had to fix with spare parts from other chargers. Daughter very disappointed with device!
OK so when i first bought this i was wondering if it would fit because my archos is a 250 GB but i thought that the pictures that it showed looked like they would fit but when i recieved the product it didn't fit and they holes don't even match the pictures it gives simply put the holes are the only problem they arn't big enough to allow usage of the power button or the headphone jack. So if you don't use headphones and you don't plan on TURNING IT ON the this is the product for you.  COULD BE BECAUSE OF WRONG ARCHOS mine is a ARCHOS 5 250gb
When I first got this cord, it worked wonderfully and I loved it! Over time the wires under the rubber protection started to get exposed and the cord twisted and became difficult to work with. I tried working with it and fixing it with what I had but now it won't let my computer recognize my ipod. It works while it's new but it doesn't work now.
The materials that make up this object will last just a little longer than the finish on the surfaces. A good idea and an appealing picture combine with a need for such a produtto make a sale. Too bad workmanship could not have been included.
I ordered this for our bedroom nightstand, and immediately returned it.It looks just as pictured, but the off-gassing of formaldehyde used in the construction was terrible. When we opened the package, a chemical smell was released, and even after two days out on our porch, the item still smelled like chemicals. I would never put this in a bedroom or in my house. On the back is a small sticker that says the product produces formaldehyde emissions. According to the National Cancer Institute, formaldehyde "has been classified as a known human carcinogen (cancer-causing substance) by the International Agency for Research on Cancer and as a probable human carcinogen by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency."Source: [...]Avoid this product and use a wood, low-emissions item instead.
so-so quality, the felt was not covering some spots and the each side looking down from the top was un-even, one side had a large separation where the side was supposed to be connected to the top.Still usuable, not worth the hassle of sending back, especially since I used a gift card.Not really worth the 20 something bucks, probably better off going into Target or Walmart and looking at the item b4 buying it, the quality on these things is all over the map.
very cheesy... the wall charger got melted the second I connected it. the phones are ok as a spare. the screen protector works pretty decent. the case won't protect the iphone in several zones.
The charger worked for a few months. The FM option is useless - the output is too noisy. After a few months it stopped working completely.
The unit works well, when it does work. It is a great compact unit and sturdy. Working the FM frequency takes a little common sense to memorize the presets. But if you can't do that, there is always a manual adjustment for that issue. For those who complain about the support arms, good news! You can move them! Yes indeed, not only can you adjust the holding arms on the side, but you can also slide the supports at the bottom!My major complaint is the flat connector which inserts into my iPod Touch 3G. There seems to be some slop there which casues an intermittent problem. First, the iPod Touch stops. Next if you press play on the iPod Touch, it starts playing BUT only through the iPod Touch speaker. This is exhibited by the appearance of the volume control at the bottom of the iPod Touch display. Usually when this happens, the volume is reset to zero so you may not hear anything at all, but if you slide the volume control up you'll hear it. Then after a minute or two, the All Kit somehow realizes that an iPod Touch is attached and then starts to transmit the signal and voila!, you're back in business.I have gone through two of these and have contacted the manufacturer to see what's up. Again, when it works, it works like a champ. When it doesn't, it just gets in the way of a good time.One more thing about the FM, make sure to choose a frequency that is absent of any interference. Otherwise you will definitely suffer from poor sound. If you drive long distances, you may fiond that you need to change your base frequency as radio stations come online while you cruise along the highway. And remember, it is an FM signal so set your expectations accordingly. It won't be exactly them same as your MP3/CD disks due to the physical limitations (bandwidth)of a transmitted FM signal.
Really, this was probably a fairly decent product, but what needs to be emphasized is the fact that it doesn't work with the 3rd generation iPod Touches.
I bought this because it is much cheaper than Switcheasy's excellent ThumbTacks microphone ($12.95), but because this mic lacks the proper shape to seat correctly into the microphone jack when the iPod touch is fitted with an protective case (mine is Switcheasy RebelTouch for iPod 2G), it does not work well. Look at the customer pictures for a comparison (on the left is ThumbTacks, and on the right is this Mini Microphone). If you do not use a protective case, then I think it would perform fine.
It works, but the problem is that when plugged, the speaker in the iPod touch 3G I have will not work. I found that only Skype can use it together with the speaker, but you need to have it plugged until the call connects, and then unplug it and plug it again.. it's not gonna last (don't care about the mic, but the connector on the iPod).I would return it, but the cost of doing so is bigger than what I paid for it.Finally, the form factor is less than ideal... looks like a big medication capsule. Very easy to loose and I wonder where to keep it when carrying my iPOD.Sound quality is quite good (for a mic). Just does not seem evolved enough.Be aware what you are getting when you buy it./
This works as a microphone but it cuts off the speakers. This kind of defeats the purpose of using it as a voip phone.
I bought three of these.  One didn't work, it had pops and clicks in the audio.  The other two worked fine.  However, the design is poor, because it has no cover to keep debris out of the recording holes (the cap covers the plug, not the mic itself).  Thus, there is no way to cover and protect the mic from exposure to everything, which will inevitably (and probably quickly) degrade its performance at best.  This is important if you want to leave it plugged into you device and carry the device in your pocket.
...and obviously this is not without a reason.  The good thing is that my 2nd gen Ipod touch is identifying it as a mic, so it will let me do stuff that need a mic to work.  The bad thing is that it is a poor mic, and that it does not record well.Probably I would not buy this mic again, although for that price... how wrong can you go?  But I wouldn't recommend it.
I imagine this little mic works well for dictating messages and such into your Apple product.  I couldn't get it to function in my iPod - maybe I had the wrong year or model? - and ended up buying a more expensive microphone that did the trick.
SUCKS if you want to seriously use it. BUT it's a fun little toy.PROS: Fun little toy.CONS: only allows you to talk you can't hear the other person, MINE CAME CRACKED, cheap plastic.
The microphone doesn't work on a computer at all.  As a mic, it shouldn't just work on an Iphone or ipod touch.  Sadly, this might be the case.Don't buy this junk, spent 4 dollars more and get a better mic.
This little microphone isn't a good buy. Good quality but cancels any background noise while using it. So the best use for this is recording a speech or documenting something.
Its very small and easy to carry but it hardly worked on my iPod touch. When it did work the sound quality it captured was pretty bad.
these little mics are so weak as to not be worth the little money you pay for them.  They'd be ok if you wanted to let your kids experiment with recording (they're pretty indestructible), but if you need usable quality recordings for work or research, these aren't it.  You need to hold them directly up to the speaker's mouth, for one thing, which ruins the atmosphere if you're doing oral history.  Much better, for around $60, is the Mikey made by Blue for the iPod Touch.
Worked for a little with my older itouch, but after a while it stopped working. Not really after a lot of use though. Quality of mic was okay while it worked.
I needed a cheap microphone for my Apple ipod touch (2G)that did not include a mic in the headphones with the original apple touch purchase. This did the trick although I rarely ended up using it. The problem was that once you had this plugged in the headphone jack, you couldn't use the headphone anymore ;-)  So this was really only good for recording voice notes (and I never really did that).
The product itself works but the ipod thinks its like headphones so it doesn't use the built in speaker so you have to take it out to hear the sound and that gets annoying fast.
You would think a microphone would capture voices clearer and increase the volume. Don't expect to see those in this tiny, poorly made microphone. It does nothing than just making you wish to have not bought it and wasted your $4 bucks!
I have a 30 GB Ipod I bought at least 4 years ago and I've forgotten all those generation designations.  I had an Xtreme Mini mic for it and loved it. That seems to be lost. I'm wondering if I an use this little mic for my Pod. I At the time the Xtreme Mini (plugs into the bottom/charging side of the Pod.)was the best.  I like the price on this. Does anyone have any guidance?
It's the size of a large medicine capsule.  I have no logical or easy place to store it.  The phone's microphone works just as well, really.
Works but volume is very low and needs a lot of amplification to hear messages.
The Amazon website said delivery will be 3-5 business days.  The company just told me it will be 4-10 business days.  if you need it sooner rather than later (like I did), pay for expedited shipping
For some reason, the seller of this product has a skewed idea that they are obligated to get feedback on what they sell.  As a consumer that buys a lot of stuff from Amazon, I find this to be most annoying.  I provide feedback occasionally on products that I buy, most often positive ones about a product that I got that I though stood out.To have a seller send me notices on a regular basis for something I purchased more than a month ago, asking for 5 Star feedback is annoying enough that I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN.As for the product, it was okay, it arrived on time, was within the pricing that I felt was reasonable to purchase in the first place for, and it works, for the 2 or 3 times I've needed to use it.  It is certainly not earth shattering, and for something I paid less than $2 for, a good deal.But I would stop using Amazon for a lot of these types of purchases if every seller did what this one did, with repetitive reminders to provide them with feedback.Well, they wanted feedback, they just got it.  Hope they are happy with it.  I think they ended up with 2 feedbacks... one from the automated message they sent and one here.UPDATE 2012-02-09:  Now they are sending me email to change my feedback????---We are very sorry you did not have a 5 star transaction with our company.Though very small we have a big heart and we are here to help you 100% of the way.Please understand any scores below 4 or 5 on amazon means we are at risk of losingour amazon account and at that our living.We are a very small family based company who know more than anything how to treatanother person.---Apparently, they don't actually read the reviews, just look at the number of stars.  If they had READ the review, I doubt they would have sent that message.
I love the look, power, fit, additional port, etc.  HOWEVER, randomly I get a warning triangle that says that this device is not a compatible charging source for this phone.  What gives? Crusing right along and all of a sudden it says not compatible.  I pull the phone out and put it back in and all seems well.
originally went with the mophie juice pack...then found out it reduced my signals from 4 bars 3gs to no service...so went with the mili.  it provides excellent power to my iphone.  after 11 hours and a lot of usage, the power of the mili went down 50% with my iphone still at 100%. that's a good thing.  bad thing...here it comes.  the device constantly disconnects power to your iphone.  i understand if the battery isn't plugged in all the way or falls out of place.  but i left my iphone sitting on a tabletop for the whole day to discover a msg on my phone saying that this device is not supported.  way to go mili.  i thought the battery was smart enough to discharge from you first then discharge from the iphone last.  this is day 3 and the mili has disconnected power about 5 times per day.  i don't understand this and why other people besides the other reviewer on this amazon site have found this?  this makes it so hard to rate the mili.  its power is great, the ability to power other devices is even greater, it looks cool..what to do??
I buy portable players for sound quality first. If you use good headphones this player sound quality is NOT good at all. I have no idea how some think this player sounds good. They perhaps were so impressed by the functionality (which is excellent) and/or use low quality files and poor earphones. Also this player is noisy.I have used many portable players. The old Creative Zen and Zen vision M are the 2 best for sound quality. The classic Ipod is noisy but has good frequency extension. The Zune is not as noisy but just does not have as rich or frequency extension on the top end.
Product is sleek, beautiful screen, and the touch-screen works A-OK.  Sound quality is good and the noise-cancelling earphones work fairly well on an airplane.My need was for a reliable solid-state MP3 player for my music, with a 32-GB memory or bigger to accommodate my very large music library.  My old Creative device had a 40-GB hard drive, which held all the music but battery life was fading and it is no longer supported for interface with Windows Media Player.  A new one was in order.The Sony appeared to fit the bill: good battery life, compact, easy to use, interfaces with Windows Media ... but strangely enough it does not support playlists on the go.  Yes, I can sync with a playlist from my PC, but if I am out and about, and want to listen to a tune by AC/DC, then add Beatles, then add one from Cream, and create a 'now playing' list it cannot be done.  I can listen to a whole album, or all tunes from one artist, but cannot 'mix and match' on the fly.  This seems a strange shortcoming for such a technically advanced product, and really limits the practical functionality -- needing to select each song one at a time at time while playing is annoying to say the least.  Maybe they will push a firmware / sortware udgrade to allow this.In closing, has lots of features but fails as a basic MP-3 player.
I honestly wanted to like the Sony Walkman X.  I must agree with all the other reviews regarding the sound quality and the noise-cancellation feature.  Totally amazing.  The form factor is also fantastic, but here's why it was difficult to justify almost $400.00 for this player:1.  The wifi was useless to me.  I don't like Slacker.  I wanted to connect to last.fm, and Pandora using this player, and I was NOT able to connect to either of these two free music services that don't hit you with commercial ads.2.  Rhapsody To Go is a very good music subscription service, but Sony chose not to give us full Rhapsody support with the new Walkman X.  Why not?  Who knows?  Honestly for $400.00 it should have had full Rhapsody support.I really wanted this player to be my new portable music device, but it falls short, and it's too expensive for what it gives you.  I ended up purchasing the Sony NWZ-S639 at Best Buy.  For some reason the S639 is only available through Best Buy.Frank
Don't buy this!  The simple fact that you will have 20 gigs of music and can't make or edit your playlist, unless you are at at computer and have it fully synced with Windows Media, make this Walkman really not a good buy.  When Sony stops selling out to Microsoft and makes an app to edit your playlist from the unit, it might be worth it.  Also stepped on it and cracked the screen (replaceable?...not), still works but annoying as a video media player now.
The good has already been described by the other reviewers.  The unit is a strong mp3 player, with a couple of gadgety features that work well when connected to WIFI.  The achilles heel of the unit is video formats.  Why have a beautiful OLED display if getting a video file onto the unit is next to impossible?  I have spend two full days sending files back and forth and only one out of ten will play successfully.  This is for files of the supported formats of Windows Media and MPEG4.  There is some sweet spot of bit rate and size that is mentioned nowhere in the documentation.  The included content transfer program is worthless and tells the user nothing other than if the file transfered successfully. At times it truly appears random.Why in 2009 do players not have the ability to play and decode even their "supported formats" in all bitrates.  This does not even touch on its lack of support for DIVX, XVID, or MPEG2.  There is no excuse for a 300USD unit to not perform both audio and video functions.  This harkens back to the gyrations that one needed to perform when Creative Labs was releasing crippled units in the late 1990's.  I have owned at least twenty different audio / video portable players and this unit is by far the most frustrating.  A huge amount of potential totally crippled by lack of adequate video support.
I have had this for 6 years now and it still plays music fine. It is starting to get a bad connection in the headphone jack, but only sometimes and I can jiggle it around and fix it. The screen is really to small to do anything else but change songs and such. The internet is way too complicated to get on to. It's not worth it. And you can't play videos on the internet. Haven't used the &#34;pandora&#34; type software that comes on it either. Radio is a nice feature but only has FM, no AM. You can't create a playlist from the device, it has to be plugged into the computer. Ipod has the on-the-go playlist option which is soo convenient. Hopefully Sony will get on board. Holds battery well.
I would love to buy this product but not having built in speakers has ended up self rating these under my sony Walkman S series. I don't know why sony can't create a good product like this for i love the built in wifi and everything but to me it's not worth buying because it lacks the internal speakers. A decent sony walkman player is worth my pay check but yet to find one yet. I was thinking on buying a Zune or i-pod but they lack internal speakers except for the i-pod but their internal speaker is garbage, the Sony Walkman S has the best internal speakers I've ever heard. I myself would love to see and spend my money on a walkman with:32 to 64 MBsinternal speakersbuilt in wifiFM radiogood sound quality for both the internal speakers and ear budsbuilt in clock/ alarm settingsgood quality voice and audio recorderWell that's about it, but sony is all about advancement and i trust that they'll get there some day, hopefully before there competitors. Well that's it, hopefully someone from sony is readingThanks, From: miqAbrannon
The car charger doesn't seem to work at all, and the wall charger works okay but has a really short and inconvenient cord.  Also have to take the cover off to charge on other speaker system that I have.  Wouldn't buy this again.
I have to say this upfront: I purchased this product from a brick-and-mortar store some time ago (remember those?! j/k). Specifically, the Fry's Electronics in Sunnyvale.Also, when I bought it, I was just looking for a cheap, short-term solution to my need. The first unit I bought had something wrong with the male end of the plug, so it wasn't making a proper connection in the headphone jack in my iPod. I took it back and exchanged it, and it worked. It's very brittle and cheap plastic. After a few months, the two halves that comprise the unit started getting loose and coming apart. I would press them together to keep it going. After a few more months, it was on it's last leg and I no longer had a use for it anymore so I got rid of it.Sound quality was average, exactly what you'd expect from an FM transmitter.If you just need something temporarily this will work, but I wouldn't suggest paying more than $10 AFTER tax if you can help it.
I bought this in the Akihabara in Tokyo.  It was love at first sight.The bottom strip broke soon afterward.  Some time later, the fabric started to fray.  Now a 2" Chunk has fallen off on the upper left, about a year later.Not well made.  Them's the facts.
I purchased this case in Jan 2010 and within the last month (less than 3 months after purchase) the vinyl faux graphite backing is coming off on 3 corners.  Essentially the glue that holds it on is failing.  It's a material like faux leather.  I had high hopes for this case as I liked it's looks and ease of use but I can't recommend it.
Disappointed in the sound quality of this cd.  We tried making adjustments to the electronics, to improve the sound, but it didn't matter.  For the price, it was not a good deal at all.
holds and charges my ipod touch 4g quite well.  i can hear the music on my radio.problems are it is sometimes in the way of my stick shifter and i have been noticing that it makes a high pitched squeal/buzz like sound that makes listening to my ipod unbearable with this device.  i have tried all 4 frequencies with no improvement.model: MP-JAM
I purchased this FM Transmitter because the one that i owned fell apart.  I was disappointed with the qualitly of the Jam Cast 3 in 1.  There is a lot of feedback that comes through when i play my iPod.  So much static comes through, that i do not even listen to my iPod because i can not hear my music over the static.  The Transmitter worked for a little while, but then started to fail.  I would not buy this product again
I wouldn't recommend purchasing this item at all. It's cheaply made and does a very poor job of protecting the iPhone. It looks way better in the pics as well.
I use MP3 players to listen to Audible audio books. I liked the idea of this one because it offers bookmarks.The large display is nice, but the player has problems charging. I am only able to charge if it is connected to a computer. USB-B car chargers and wall plug chargers do not work, at least on mine.Overall... I will not buy this or recommend it to others.
This product is okay for certain uses. It is slightly louder than the iPhone speakers, which is nice, but I also frequently makes weird buzzing and sqeaking noises for no reason. This makes it nearly unusable. I don't reccomend this product.
&#34;Speakers&#34; is a misnomer for this item. It doesn't really amplify the sound very much, and when I am using it, it almost sounds like a transistor AM/FM radio - the quality isn't nearly as good as what you get just using the phone & earbuds. Maybe that's just me, but I expected more.
Worked OK while we had it, but it broke so quickly, it would have been worth more money to buy a better grade set of speakers
NONE of the power accessories will work on a 3GS.  The iphone device complains that it is not compatible or intended for use and fails to work.  I didn't mind the low quality, I didn't exactly pay premium.  However, I would expect them to at least work!
The price was good and the delivery time, BUT the CAR Charger as soon as i plugged in made a Short Circuit and blown my other items,GPS ,Radar Detector and Zune charger. So if you want to buy it be prepare to replace Radar detector,Gps and Zune charger. NO too HAPPY at all about this.........
This charger works with the iphone 3GS and iphone 4. The issue is the charger does not match the charger on the close up pictures.
Bought two of these retractable cords. One works, the other doesn't. Plus shipping was expensive. The retractable cord is great.
This product worked good then three days later the wall hookup stopped working then two weeks later the cord made my iPod spaz out so I had to get a new cord
I bought this product as I did not want to spend $18 or more on cable and car charger. Basically you get what you pay. The retractable cable is a joke. There is a constant loose connection between the cable and the iPhone. I have to keep tweaking it to establish connection and charge. Secondly, the cable is useless to transfer data from your iTunes. iTunes and comp do not recognise the iPhone when plugged in with this cable. The iPhone works with the orginal Apple cable. The car charger is the only useful product of this bunch. I am not sure how long it will last. But for the price, even if it lasts a month I will be happy. I did not use the AC adapter so cannot comment. I was not sure of its quality so did not use it. If you are looking for some quality product look else where. This is a cheap product and you may be disappointed with its quality esp if you want to use the cable to transfer data.
the old adage you get what you pay for is all true.  I bought two of these as we have an entire house hold full of itouches and iphones.  This product was cheap and that was why I bought it. The Product is difficult to connect and keep connected to the iphone or itouch that it is charging. The connector pins are crap and bend rendering them useless.  Not worth the money, time or Effort.
I bought three of these, mostly for the car adapter part.  One was defective out of the box. I contacted the seller, but never heard back from them. The other two work, but they definitely charge more slowly than a regular cable.
The product itself is extremely good: fine leather, magnetic closure, all is well. However, it didn't it at all on my Nokia N97. It was TOO tight, wouldn't even allow the device to enter all the way through. Had to take it to a shoemaker so he could enlarge it on the sides. Now it is working fine.
a little delicate. The tension screw broke after a short time. Plus the goose neck is a little weak. Ok purchase
It does work, but I have never seen more than a 10% increase in charge.
it was great at first but then it got worse every week ... the battery life shortened and it wouldnt stay in the iphone .. then after about two month it broke
I bought two devices for myself and for wife. Both of them have problems. After charged fully, when you pluged to your Iphone 3GSs, after a while, generally like 30 minutes later, both of them start to notcharge (stop charging)and after that, every 5 second my Iphone gave me a signal charging/notcharging even on the table (while stable). If you are walking or running, you cannot listen music or cannot a phone call.
The battery life strong enough for a complete recharge on my 32g 3gs. It can take it from 5% to about 70%. I have other ones that even work better.
Works as advertized, but has a bug. If my phone switches to the Edge network, either manually or automatically, the phone goes nuts. It can't decide whether or not it's charging. The power switch becomes inoperative. I have to disconnect it from the case until 3G is working again.
has limitations but not bad for the price but I would not buy again. in this case I would go for the name brand product
This is what you can do with the IJet: control the volume, change the track, see the current song/next song or song/artist.  You can navigate through the menu on your ipod, BUT you can't see anything on the remote.  When you navigate using the remote you have to have your IPod in your hand to see where you are navigating.  All that the remote will tell you is you are navigating UP or Down.  It's a totally usless feature!  Basically all that this remote is good for is to go to the next track and change the volume.  If you want to use the remote to find a particular artist or track, you won't be able to.  It also freezes up a lot and requires unhooking to work again.
This phone case is Ok but cheaply made and the lock for the cover comes apart with out much force. That is the biggest downer with this case.  The feel and lack of bulk make it a good design but the easy that it comes apart make it not worth buying it.
I liked this product so much that I bought a second one.  However, within six months, both of them had nearly entirely lost their ability to hold a charge.  They will now only charge the phone for about ten minutes before their charge is exhaused.  If it had been one of them, I could have chalked it up to a faulty product.  Since it's both, I must believe it is a case of second-rate batteries.  I really wish they would fix this as the product is first-rate in every other respect.
I bought this to use with my iphone 4 and the Netflix app.  After setting up I found that it does not work for streaming any video but youtube to your HD TV.  So Sad because this would have been really helpful considering my Panasonic G10 54in plazma TV has apps but has yet to come out with a Netflix app and I doubt they have plans to release one.  Back to the drawing board!
The idea is sound, but the execution is lacking. As has been mentioned by other reviews, the remote is very basic. What is mentioned (or perhaps I overlooked it) is that the remote is also not intuitive - several buttons don't do what you'd expect, instead there is a workaround you have to follow.Additionally, you have to manually lock your iPhone's screen if you don't want the video to show there as well as the TV - OK for a movie, but not for a shorter video as you'd have to pop up to unlock the screen to choose the next item, then lock it back. Of course, the menu doesn't show on your TV, so you might have to get up anyway to see the iPhone screen well enough to select the next item.Possibly the worse feature was that the menu defaults back to the top of the list of video options, so after scrolling down several pages to select an item to play, I'd have to scroll down all over again to select the next one...Definitely not recommended.
The case itself is a reasonable price for what you get but I wouldnt spend my money on it again.  I wish it were slightly denser in places where it might impact if the phone was to fall.  I've since upgraded to a more dense case.
I specifically looked for a car charger / FM transmitter for my Iphone 3g and thought this would work.  I'm going to request a refund on this.PROS:  Nice design.  Buttons are sturdy and true to use.  Display is large and easy to see.  The plug fit my iPhone perfectly, and it was a compatible charger.CONS:  Regardless of the FM station you choose, you will still hear the white noise on that station, IN ADDITION TO the audio being broadcast onto it.  Not a clean sound!  Plus, you iPhone speaker is also activated and is playing the music concurrently.  You cannot change the volume and will subsequently blow out your speaker with continued use.  \I'm probably going to break down and get one of the cigarette lighter cradle chargers / fm tuner instead.  I would NOT RECOMMEND this item.
This product had terrible reception through the radio and could not keep my iPhone supported with the support arm.  However, the seller provided great customer service and offered to return the product and issue a refund.
When I got my fluro case slider in the mail I was so excited to throw away my old cover. However when i opened the Manila folder i was quite shocked. The slider's color doesn't have the hint of purple I was excited for. If anything, it's closer to a baby blue. I'm debating whether to send it back. It's a boring color and not exactly what I expected.
The headphone is nice,it has a good sound quality BUT... The microphone piece detached in about 20 days... So, it would be perfect IF it wasn't cheaply assembled.
I very stylish looking Union Jack for my ihpone. Just WAY over-priced after you include shipping. I just could not find one at my local shops. So I Googled it and there it was.
The reason for the low stars is; the strap is not big enough to go around your wrist and you have to unbutton the case every time you want to plug the phone in. I used the case for maybe half a day. Since I paid more money for shipping than I did on the case, the delivery time and condition were the only good things about it.
This battery was stated as NEW and when it arrived it clearly was not new.  It was very scratched a beat-up.  My phone is three years old and in perfect condition.  This battery looks like I've had it for 10 years. I consider this false advertising.
Originally wrote in Feb 2012: Previous reviews said their battery did not last long or did not work. Mine works fine, and after 2 weeks of use is still good. Holds a charge for at least 2 days, depending on use.Update on May 2012: Battery failed! Guess the price was too good to be true. Will try contacting the vendor.Update on June 2012: Sent email to vendor and they issued a full refund.
After charging, the battery only lasted 5 min..  Not a very good product. Disappointed!!  We have received batteries from you before that worked great.  Not this one.
Disapointed in the battery life. I had purchased another (cheaper) battery from another seller and it was terrible. I paid more for this battery and it was fine for a month but it is now lasting less and less. I do not use my cell phone much at all 9maybe three time a week) so it is in standby mode most of the time. Currently if I charge my cell overnight the battery will be dead by next evening and it was never used (in standby mode the whole day).
It's an OEM battery just as is advertised. However, it must be quite old from sitting on the shelf or something because it pretty much acts just like my old one. I have to charge it nearly every day and I hardly ever use my phone. I doubt if I spend a total of fifteen minutes actually using the phone and I still have to charge it nearly every day to keep it from shutting itself down. The price was great and the service was quite good but I'm still going to have to replace this battery almost immediately. The next one I'll just get from the Verizon store and be done with it. That's a lot more expensive but maybe it will actually hold a charge.
Did not last longer than 12 hours after it had been used for about a week, so I had to buy another one, which also didn't work very well.
The battery only lasted one day and then died and would not recharge. The battery only showed as 2 bars on my phone, for most of the time. The next day I had to buy and activate a new phone. I did not mind buying it in order to get my contacts backed up online, but other than that, I would not buy it, unless battery lasted a lot longer.
I-phone is difficult to remove.  No openings for top switch or volume control.  If you have small arms, strap will not adjust tight enough to prevent from falling off.  Would not recommend.
I bought this for an extended battery for my 3rd Gen Ipod touch and although it advertises that it is compatable it is not.  When you plug it into the bottom of the ipod it covers the earphone jack!  Sure it extends the battery life but what good is it if you can't hear it?  It also sends you a cord to charge it that has a  USB jack, so you have to charge it from your computer.  The reason I bought my Ipod touch was so I could leave the laptop at home when I travel.  I just so happen to have a plethora of cords in the kitchen drawer that I could charge this unit from an electical outlet but they should send it with their product.  Ended up giving it to my friend for his Iphone, at least it worked out for him!  Not very impressed with this product or the company as they went cheap with the cord.
This is a very attractive piece but it is extremely small and doesn't serve a purpose but for looks. It barely holds one phone.
The slots are too small for anything except my cell phone (won't hold my small camera), and since my phone charges from the bottom, even it doesn't sit nicely when plugged in.  Not enough room for the cords underneath.
The product worked great while it was plugged into the vehicles electrical outlet. When I pull the cord out, parts stayed inside the electrical outlet. When I tried to remove it a fuse blew. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
I loved this product for a couple months. It is very handy and easy to use. The bendable cord/neck makes it possible to position your phone exactly where it is most convenient for you. Nice that it charges the phone while using. I didn't use the car speaker option/connection because I didn't like having to press my cell phone answer button and then change the radio station to connect... to much dangerous looking away from the road. I just use my speaker phone on my cell and the volume is fine with the phone in the holder.However, after the 3 month Amazon warranty expired, I had the exact same problem as the previous reviewer... when I removed the holder from my car's electrical outlet, parts of it broke off and stayed in the outlet. Now I can't use either the outlet or the phone mount.  Plus I am having trouble getting the pieces out of my car's outlet and now have one less usuable car outlet.There is a 3 yr warranty with the company, but it looks like a hassle from the form.This product was not durable enough for the money... but an great idea, and parts of it were excellent. Just not made well enough.If you decide to buy it, treat it like delicate glass, and be extremely careful when removing it. However, I was careful, and it still came apart. For that reason, I really can't recommend it.
I bought this to give me more options for my iPhone but because the camera lens is on the side it's hard to keep the lens lined up. It did work ok with my blackberry where the camera lens is in the middle.
I bought this to extend the battery life of my iphone 3gs. After 6 months of owning this it is already broken.  It doesn't charge properly, it shows it is fully charged but will not charge the iphone.  It overheats my iphone when it does charge it so i have to be very careful I don't destroy it.It adds a lot of bulk to the phone itself and on a full charge maybe you get an extra 6-12 hours of power.  For how large this is, i expect to get through the entire weekend without needing to recharge and I expect this item to be defect free for more than 6 mos.It was inexpensive but it's really not worth the money- you are better off turning off wi-fi and 3G services and you will get the same battery life on your phone.The seller I bought this from shipped very quickly however.
I purchased this item expecting it to double my battery life on my iphone. I have to say i am very disappointed in the results. The battery takes a long long time to charge.... I have to leave it to charge overnight for it to get a good charge. It seems to be very inconsistant on performance. I have plugged it in and charged it to full and it will last for a long time. Other days it seems to shorten the life of the iphone battery and will only last a few hours of light use. I cannot recommend this when a ten dollar battery pack seems to perform better.
I was expecting a lot more from this but I was mistaken.The first month with the MP3 was great. After that everything began to suck.The screen is responsive but it's not the greatest. At all.I wasn't expecting it to be like the I-Touch in anyway but seriously. This thing is a joke.The speakers have stopped working. The only way I can get them to work is by putting in head phones (another thing, all the head phones I've used with this thing don't work well with it, and they're pretty good too) and taking them out and putting them back in again. It's an annoying task after a while.Not all FLV files play on it. Especially high quality ones. The writer is also a joke. I'm not even going to get into it. I pretty much just use it as storage for all my music until I save up enough to get an I-Touch.I don't recommend anyone buy this MP3 Player. It's failed me.But they guy who sells it is polite. (:
I had the exact same experience as the other reviewer. At this point, I'm tempted to spend the extra money and buy a designer cover from the Barnes & Noble website. The first case I bought was too big. With this one, the nook will slide into the braces but they buckle because the device is too thick.Aside from that, this is a nice case . . . for the Kindle 2. The leather is so smooth that it almost feels like vinyl. The cover is very sturdy, unlike the first case that I bought. I can bend it backwards for one-handed holding while I read. I can charge the nook without removing it from the cover. The reason I'm giving this cover a two-star rating instead of a five is because of the false advertising.
The item arrived on time and my wife was excited to use it.  However, I notied that the box said something like "Cover for 6" E-Book reader" and did not mention the Nook specifically.  When my wife inserted the Nook into the cover, it was clear that the cover is too small.  Although the Nook barely fits, and the cover closes, it loks terrible.
This case is very pretty, I love that part of it.....the only problem is it's pretty flimsy, the earphone cut out is off center and doesn't go well with the phone, and there is a strange bump with a square hole on the back of it.  I decided not to return it because it was inexpensive enough to use until it breaks and save myself the hassle of the return.
I was pretty disappointed in this product... I got the case and it didn't fit quite as snuggly compared to some of the discount cases I've purchased. It had that "creaky sound" when you held the phone, it just wasn't a good fit. I purchased the case on October 9th, received it a couple days later, and now it's Oct 30th and it hasn't survived. I am pretty gentle with my phone but my iphone does suffer the occasional fall. Wear and tear is to be expected and for 9 bucks, my standards were pretty moderate. Unfortunately, the bottom corners have both cracked and broken off. I would not make the "investment" in this product again.