The plastic is cheap and you can see spots that are not painted.  If you have an invisible shield, don't buy any product that is plastic.  If you just want pretend that you have a white 3gs, then you'll this.  It's a very snug fit.
I own one for several months but leave it untouched for the last 2 months. It works okay, but just too battery consumption, especially when you  download songs from PC. My $20 walkman  lasts 5 times longer than Rio-500.  Other than this, everything is fine. I think this price deserves a better  design.
Back in November, I eagerly purchased a Rave MP 2100.  For the next 2 1/2 mos, I couldn't have been happier.However, In Feb., the device froze up on me, showing the initial Sensory Science screen and that was it.  According to the SS FAQ, this symptom is indicative of a loose connector.  I sent it back &amp; Amazon agreeably sent a replacement.The replacement  device froze up the same night I opened it.  Sent it back and received a  third.  After a couple of days, it too froze up.  After communication with  the SS technical support, we found out that it was a particular MP3 file  that was causing this freeze-up.  They were able to duplicate the problem  on their end.  However, there was nothing about this file to indicate that  it would have caused such a problem.Needless to say, I send the 3rd one  back.  Amazon refused to send me a 4th and refunded my money.I did truly  enjoy the Rave MP when it worked.  But if one file can cause it to freeze  up, I'm sure another one out there could do the same without warning.
This system is nice if you're into the whole &quot;convergence&quot; thing and want a device that does addresses, memos, etc., all on a tiny 2 line display.  It also comes with a great pair of earphones.  However, for pure  MP3 playing, the interface is cumbersome, teh desktop software is annoying,  the copy-protection is stupid, and it is incredibly hard to operate without  taking the thing off of your belt and looking at it.  The buttons are not  intuitive, the interface is not easy to learn, and USB would be better than  the bulky parallel cable.
I have this and bought it to hook into my Alpine car CD player.  It sounds good in there.  It sounds AWFUL if you listen to it by headphones.  So, if you want it for personal listening do not buy!
All I know is that my Rio PMP300 (32MB) is pretty durable.  You can drop it from 5 feet and all it does is stop playing.  It plays again after you press &quot;play&quot;
The Rave MP has the best performance, the most features and is the best value to be had, if it works that is.  I was really enjoying my Rave MP, but the first time I reformatted the memory (the manual advises doing this  periodically) the unit froze up!  I thought it had to be something I did.  I went to the Sensory Science web site and what I found out was very  interesting.  Seems my problem is all too common.  When I turn the unit on  it freezes at the Sensory Sciences screen. Their FAQ states it bluntly, if  this happens to you:  &quot;THE  UNIT IS DEFECTIVE AND WILL NEED TO BE  REPLACED&quot;.  I guess this is a pretty common occurrence, it's in their  FAQ's for goodness sake!  Still, I'm undecided weather to return it for  refund or to exchange.  If I do exchange it, the first thing I will do is  reformat the memory.
this is an average player with some good features. the problem is that at first it worked only with toshiba alcalyne batteries. after i put some paper in the battery slot it began working with all types of normal batteries but it still couldn't work with rechargeables. a friend of mine had to mount a small piece of copper to the battery lid. now it works about 3 hours with 250mAh Varta Rechargeables.
As an MP3 player, this product is a great deal. 32MB plus bass and treble  make for a terrific MP3 listening experience. However, the FM tuner is  pitiful. Both the sensitivity and selectivity are horrible, so only the  strongest stations come in then only within a certain distance where other  stations aren't interfering. It's totally useless for weaker stations. My  old Sony FM Walkman is much, much better.
Everything about this MP3 Player is awesome except the memory.  It's so small you can stick it in your pocket!  The sound quality is excellent - however mp3 quality must be 128kpbs or below.  I tried mp3s recorded at  160kpbs and 192kpbs and it sounded terrible - stick to the 128kpbs norm.  The controls and display are fine. The multimedia card reader is great!  This saves you the time of connecting and disconnecting your player to the  computer.  The mm reader is always hooked up and all you do is insert the  card and copy files over.  Then take the card and put it in the mp3 player  and your ready to run. These are the features that make this player better  than all the rest.  Now to the problem... It comes with two-16mb memory  cards (only 15mb available btw) and you can only use ONE card at a time.  Which means 3-4 songs!  Not only that, but it's a trick to find the right  combination of songs that will be under 15mb in total size.  I bought my  I-JAM to use while working out and 3-4 songs just isn't enough.  You can  bring the additional card with you and change it - but that's a pain.  The  nice alternative is the FM tuner.  Once my 3-4 songs are over, I just turn  on the radio (or listen to mp3's again!).  They do sell a 32mb card I  believe, but it probably costs as much as the player did.
The memory is not really a problem if you slightly decrease themusic quality of the MP3.  You'd be surprised on how much more you canfit on this sucker.  I think it is an excellent buy due to the FM Radio which Rio seems to lack in all their models...
I just picked up my IJ-100 today. I got It for a discounted price at a clearance sale.It was missing two Sandisk 16Meg MMC cards (that the box said to contain). The MMC card reader plugs into your printer &amp; PS/2 ports, both plugs have passthrough connections to allow you to use your Printer &amp; PS/2 Device as normal. The card reader installation paused up a couple times at first. After I installed The card reader it was assigned a drive letter, wich in my case &quot;g: &quot;, then I just dragged my mp3's to &quot;g:/&quot; .When I put the songs on one at a time, everything was fine, but trying to put on a whole pile of mp3's at one time paused up my computer(I had to reformat my MMC Card &amp; start over). The maximum card that the I-Jam can read is 32Meg. I had a 64Meg card that I used. I copied about 40Megs (or 14 songs) onto the card and put it into my I-Jam. I skipped through the tracks while playing &amp; once it got to track 13 (out of 14) The LCD Displayed &quot;Stop&quot;. So I guess it read up to 32megs on my 64meg card. Lame, but at least I don't have to go out &amp; buy a new card .The FM Tuner only picks up like three stations were I am, and  it just so happens that's haw many stations you can preset into memory. When the reception is crumby moving the headphones around muffles the signal even worse.The Mp3 player is fairly simple to use, There isn't much for bells &amp; wistles though. It plays upto 160kb bitrate MP3, but with 32megs of storage your best to stick with 96 or 128kb MP3's. You can adjust bass &amp; Treble, The regular Play, Stop, Skip, but no fast foward/reverse. Random play, Intro play, Repeat one/all, &amp; A-B repeat are included funtions. There are only 9 butons &amp; over 16 functions so holding a button for 3seconds is required to do some things. For example tapping the power button once activates the blue backlight on the screen, but holding power down for 3 sec. shuts the unit off.Overall I am happy with what I paid for it. If it wasn't for the Shotty MMC card reader, &amp; the limit of 32megs, this would be a decent player.
I received my Cabo two weeks ago and I still have not gotten the software to work properly.  It has never been accurately able to tell me the correct amount of megs that I have left, what songs I currently have on my MP3, or that my MP3 is even properly connected to the port.  It took me two hours to get the software to download music to my player.  By the way, the included batteries did not work.  The batteries that I did put in the player only lasted about two hours (but that may be common for all player... they are major power drainers).  The headphones are durable, though they irrated my ears so I had to use another set.  The quality seems cheap and though my player is working fine right now, I am afraid that six months down the line it may break down.On the plus side, it does hold about 12 songs (64 MB) and at ... with the mail-in rebate it is definately cheap... quite a steal. The sound quality is pretty good and it comes with a recorder.  This is an average player at a very good price.
You get what you pay for.  The first one I recieved was fine except I couldn't use the last 2-4 meg of memory.  After a few emails with their tech support staff, they told me to return it.  Amazon is great with excange/returns.  Got my second one.  The headphone jack problem in all the other reviews is real.  I noticed it right away and found that the 2 halves of the unit were a little loose and you could jiggle it to play the left and right at the same time.  Right now I'm waiting for my 3rd unit.  It's funny going back and reading the reviews and having the  same experience.  Best Data has some serious quality control issues, if they have it at all.  I'm hoping that if I can get one that works it will be a great deal.  As far as design, it's great.  I've used it to record meetings and play mp3's.  It does feel a little light and cheap, but the nice thing is that if you are returning them you get a new set of batteries each time!  If you wanna roll the dice, go with the Cabo, it's the cheapest out there, but of course, it's the cheapest out there.
This mp3 player works pretty well. It's easy to use but there are some minor problems. First of all you have to download the music through the printer port so you have to change cables often, and it doesn't support wma so you can only hold about 20 songs. There is no way to use an adapter with it so the batteries don't last to long. It's a good buy if you don't plan to use it for more then an hour.
I got this player a few weeks ago.  I had minimal difficulty getting set up, thanks to the reviews listed below.  Unfortunately, my player was one of the unlucky ones that had a bad headphone jack.  Amazon was great about sending out a new one, but I barely made the rebate deadline -we'll see if I get it.  The new player works great.  The only software glitch I've encountered that's not listed is that it would lock up whenever I accessed my main file of MP3's.  This was because the folder size was too large (~9.5 GB).  After moving the MP3's to a smaller folder, I didn't have any more problems.  Overall, it is a good deal if you have some patience and are willing to take a risk of getting a bad player right off the bat.  If you're not a risk-taker or lack patience, I'd have second thoughts about this MP3 player.  Hope this helps...
This is a pretty good player only problem is it has a VERY limited amount  of memory. And thos little card thingies are expensive. The one line  display is hard to read, and the parallel port drive is a hassle. Another  piece of technno junk to clutter up your computer desk. I had mine fo about  4 months now, and it has been really good to me. Especially at school, its  very tiny, and can be hidden very easily. The sound is AWESOME,and its  pretty easy to use. But sooner or later, I'm going to hand it down to my  sister, and buy a bigger, and better one.
Here is what you get:IJ-100 MP3 player, Wrist strap, Ear Buds, Belt Clip, 2-16MB Multimedia Cards (not SmartMedia), Parallel port Mulitmedia card reader, Software, No batteries (2 AAA)Features:Memory- No built-in memory, one slot for Multimedia card, Sidemounted Power switch, Backlit display with very small characters, AM/FM/Hold button, Stop button, 16 volume steps (high powered output (~50mW), Bass and treble controls, Random Play, A/B repeat, 3 Presets for FM tuner, Plays back 32 - 160 Kbps encoded dataPluses - Small Size, FM tuner w/3 presets - Perfect for 3 TV channels at the gym, High power audio out - Will drive other headphones, Card reader and cards can be used like a removable 16 MB hard driveMinuses - Small size - hard to read display, Memory card limitation - only 16 minutes at 128 KbpsRecommendation: If you are looking for a high quality MP3 player pass this one up.  Get something with more storage.  If you need a simple player and don't care a lot about sound quality (64Kbps is OK) this is the unit for you
This is the older version of the player - it runs on a parallel port connection, which is slow, slow, slow.  Also, if you're looking for an Audible.com ready device, this one won't work.  You need to buy the newer USB models.  Still, it's a solid player, and you can find this one for under [price] on certain auction sites, and you can't beat the ability to stick it in your tape deck.
It is a good MP3 player but does not have as many features as I wish it  did.
A little pricy but your only option.  It is kond of deciving it only holds about 27 minutes in MP3 format, yet the advertise it as 1HR in WMA(Windows Media Format).  I haven't figured how to convert to WMA, but the program it comes with doesn't do it.
I bought this player so I could supplement my NPR listening when their didn't interest me. The FM reception (except for the cheesiest of stations) blows. If you plan on standing next to the transmitter tower, you might be OK. The little pouch that comes with the player is oversized &amp; has a little pouch to hold expansion cards, but the player isn't expandable. There may be better players out there!
This Intel unit offers nice packaging, good quality &amp; a nifty FM radio feature, but the 128 megs of memory make it fairly limited in its capacity. The USB cradle is handy, as is the included case. Newer units are tending toward mega-memory fixed disk hard drives, and I think that approach makes more sense if you're looking for an MP3 player that will grow with you.
My family owns both a Rio 500 and 600. Below is a list of pros/cons between these two models CONS 1) The standard Rio 500 comes with more memory than the 600 (64 MB vs 32) 2) The 500's controls are more sensibly laid out. As the picture shows, the 600 has this stupid omni-purpouse button on the front. The 500 has idividual stop, play, ff, and rewind controls. 3) Although I can't prove it, I believe the 500 offers better sound qaulityPROS: 1) The RIO 500 can't seem to play any audio files (such as audio books or old radio shows) below 32kb/s. The 600 can. 2) The 600 has a far better PC interface program. It's more streamlined and crashes less often than that of the 500. 3) This thing gets LOUD when you crank up the volume. 4) The 600 has the (expensive)  capability to expand its memory to 320MB.Both these devices really need the extra memory to play any amount of music (a 5 minute song with decent sound quality can be 4-10 megabytes. That's quite a bit when you only have 64 to toy around with)So, if you just want a portable device that reliably plays digital audio, I would reccomend the Rio600.PS: The RioPort website for setting this thing up is a nightmare. Be prepared to spend some amount of time getting the 600 working.
Overall, I'm happy with this product.  I have the refurbished 32 meg model that Audible.com offers through a promotion. I ordered it a week before Christmas, not expecting to see it until well after the new year, and it arrived in four days.  That was a pleasant surprise.While 32 megs is not a whole lot for MP3 files it's plenty for audible books which don't demand as high of quality as music. I want to get more memory for music but it is too expensive for their proprietary 'backpacks'.  If memory becomes a real issue for me I will have to go with another brand that supports the more popular memory cards.  For now I'm happy to use it just for audio books.I was considering going for a higher model such as the Rio 800 but I've read the horror stories (customer reviews on this site) and decided to stick with this one.  I was wary of upgrading to a rechargable only model in the first place. I think I'll stick with this one and just pop in an AA battery when needed instead of carrying a charger around all the time.You can basicaly take the CD that came with it and use it as a coaster.  The PC software instalation wanted to overwrite my current version of Real Player before it would continue to install the Rio Manager software.  This I wish would be an option.  The automatic software installation would not let me go about it any other way.  I let it do it and reinstalled the current software afterwards.  I figured out later how to manualy install the Rio Manager software through exploring the software CD.  Also, Microsoft's Media Player recognized the hardware on it's own.  I have yet to use the Rio Manager software, I don't need it.Finaly, I have to report one glitch with my Rio 600. Sometimes it doesn't turn on.  I have to disconnect the backpack (which houses the battery) and reconnect it and everything is back to normal.  All information such as bookmarks and the actual files are still intact and only the time/date is wiped.  This is only a small nuisance for me but it's still something I wish it wouldn't do.Pros:It is great for audible books.  If you want to experiment, the promotion from Audible.com is a safe bet.Cons:32 megs is small by today's standards. I would imagine the same is true for 64 megs. Upgrading is expensive due to the price of it's proprietary 'backpacks'.  The software installation program needs some work, namely the option of leaving more upgraded software on your computer rather than overwriting it with the older software that comes on the CD.  Sometimes it won't turn on, but I don't know if this is a common glitch or just happens with my Rio.Not the best player out there, but not the worst either.  (I hope.)C+
We have recently bought two RIO 600s, and love everything about the device itself. The on-line support, the email support (no response) and the phone-in support, are frustrating at best, non-existent at worst. When you go to 'install' the software, well, their motto seems to be, 'let the selling begin.' As it happens, all we needed off the installation CD was the driver (this took...ah...a while to figure out).As for the player itself, we couldn't ask for more. You can pick any bps rate from 32 to 128 and download up to 40 songs (120 minutes?). We run and work out, have found no skipping, plus, grrreat sound (particularly with upgraded headphones, the bass comes pulsing through).We don't use the backpack, which does seem to be a problem for many.  And, be prepared to muddle thru until you find the right settings, for example, 'enabling the volume leveling', while time-consuming, seems to eliminate many errors.That's it, then...a 5 star product with 0 star support. I'm sure they get a ton of returns from folks who just can't get it up and running.
I recently bought the RIO600 with 64MB and I am pretty satisfied with it.the only problems are that it is battery hog(lasted me only 4 hours...this time includes lots of copying to the RIO),when i want it to skip back to the previous track, it stops play....Apart from that , the buttons have a very weak feel...feels like they are going to break off if you press too hard.I would give this product a B...Those of you who can spend 150+dollars on an MP3 player, might look somewhere else.For those with a limited budget, i think this would do the trick.
The RealJukeBox software is not so great.  The biggest drawback is the inability to upload an entire playlist into the Rio 600.
I started learning all about .mp3's a couple months ago(Thanks Napster). I immediately got a writable cd burner and then moved onto pc based .mp3 player and just learned how to convert .mp3 files into Windows Media Player(cut's the filesize in half!!!) So my obvious next choice was to buy a portable .mp3 player. I didn't know anything about them so I decided to buy the basic unit before I wanted to drop $300 on one of the really good ones. The guy at BestBuy recommended the Rio600 because it's pretty basic, yet upgradable firmware and memory pack (up to 340mb pack). So far I'm really happy with it and recommend it if you're looking for you're first mp3 player.Last, back to mp3-to wma conversion.. I could only load 6 6mb .mp3's into the Rio600 w/32mb. I converted my .mp3's to .wma (Microsoft Windows Media Player format) and I was able to load those 6 files + 5 more! Convert your files to WMA! You WON'T regret it!
The Rio 600 is a very capable player but the included headphones and software bite. I use "Music Match Jukebox" as the software for the Rio 600. With MMJB you can use leveling and even apply DFX effects to the tracks before you download them to the player. Like any audio equipment the quality of the output depends heavily on speaker quality. I listen to the Rio through a pair of Sony MDR-V600s and the sound Kicks.
I got my player earlier this year and have had a fairly good experience with the unit.  First of all, I tried the software that came with it (RealPlayer), and immediately stopped using it and took it off my computer.  It does not work well for one, and secondly, RealPlayer tries to take over your computer (and your life).  Advice #1:  I have been using Windows Media Player with the downloadable driver for the Rio Player, which works smoothly.I use mine primarily when I am running, mountainbiking, and motorcycling and have had no problems with shock or skipping.  But, the headphones lasted a month or so before developing a crack in the wire and then start crackling. Advice #2: Buy some quality headphones if you want good sound and reliability.The other complaint that I have is with the battery draining after the unit has been turned off.  If I put a battery in and play it often, it lasted a reasonable amount of time.  But, if the unit sits (in the OFF position) it will still drain the battery down completely within a week or so.  Advice #3:  Use rechargeable batteries.Overall, this player does sound good and has some nice features.  I continue to use mine with good performance, considering the downfalls mentioned above.  I do, however, question the integrity of the SONIC BLUE/RIO brand of products from this experience and from similar experiences from other fellow consumers.  I don't plan on getting the backpack expansion for this product because I've heard of quality/performance issues from others.  Unless they can prove to me that they are going to make a good product and stand behind it, I will be leary about any of their future products.  Hopefully, reviews like this will make a difference so that everyone wins :)
If you need an mp3 player and have a small budget this product is great for you. Hovewer I have some complaints: My main complaint is its low memory. I expected 2 hours(written on the box), but I only got a little over an hour. The battery is also a problem. This device eats up batteries. It's supposed to last around 11 hours but only lasts around 5. The headphones [stink]! But most headphones which come with devices aren't that great eather. It's small size and light weight is great. It also has some nifty features.
I was excited to see that the Digisette improved from it's orginal design and made a better tape like MP3 player.  Unfortunately, on my Honda 2001 Accord, the tape deck won't align properly with the head in my cassette stereo, causing lots of static and distortion.  It's not the player itself, because it works fine in my wife's Honda CRV.  Actually, it works if I use an old Sony cassette adapter plugged into the mp3 player.Im not an electronic engineer, but I think if Digisette would make the head on the mp3 unit bigger, it would have worked fine.  I compared the head of the mp3 to the Sony cassette apadter I had laying around and the Sony head is much bigger.Digisette support was very helpful and had me try a few fixed, but none fixed the distortion and static.As far as the controls and stuff, everything worked fine.  Like I said, if you have a 2001 Accord, I wouldn't recommend it.
When I tried this player in my car the first time, I advanced to the next track by using the FF button per manufacturer's directions and noticed that it only advanced a few seconds into the song.  Since my deck also had a music seek system which allows me to advance to the next song on a cassette with the touch of a button, I pressed the FWD seek then PLAY just to see what would happen and voila, it advanced to the next song.  On another deck without the music seek function, there was no way to jump from one track to another without popping it out of the deck.  The inability to skip between tracks is one MAJOR complaint about this product but I found a way around it.  Other than that, it's acceptable though overpriced.There's a lot of room for improvement on this mp3 player, I would either wait for another product to come out similar to this or hope that Digisette will improve on some of the pet peeves mentioned by other buyers.
I recently purchased SYP with 64mb onboard memory including the 64 mb external smart media card. I was able to use the player for just one day, I couldn't hear any sounds from the earphones. The player seems working but the volume is dead. So i had to return it back and exhanged it for intel pocket concert player with 128 mb. The sound of SYP is good, the bass is not enough. There are presets equalizer but i prefer to have it adjusted manually. Voice recording features is a plus but i havent had a chance to use it.
The Samsung Techno Yepp (STY) is my first MP3 player so I do not have anything to compare it with.  With that in mind I offer the following comments:Positive Features:o The STY provides good audio quality.  The sound is strong and clean, although the bass is a bit weak.o The STY provides good audio quality.  The sound is strong and clean, although the bass is a bit weak.  Yes, I just wrote that.  I want to stress the point that the sound quality is good.  The primary feature of any audio player should be sound quality.  The STY delivers good sound quality.o The STY is very convenient.  The MP3 player is quite small, easy to carry/wear, and it does not skip.  These characteristics make it very useful while exercising or working.o The STY has a built-in sound equalizer that helps to improve the playback sound quality.  I often play recordings of classic American radio programs from the 30's, 40's, and 50's.  This feature reduces the hiss, pops, and other flaws that are common in old radio programs.  It is also useful with modern hi-fidelity recordings as well.  Depending on the type of music the different equalizer modes can restore some of the warmth and depth that is lost in the MP3 format.Negative Features:o I would recommend using different headphones than the ones that are supplied.  They sound a bit tinny and they are uncomfortable.o The STY requires use of Samsung's provided software for loading and unloading recordings.  Unforutunately they do not support the Linux computer operating system.  Macintosh or Windows computers are well supported though.o The FM radio tuner that comes with the STY is not integrated with the MP3 player.  It is a seperate &quot;remote control&quot; that is part of the headphone cable.  The tuner works well and sounds fine, but it is a bit cumbersome.  It acts as a lead weight on the headphone cable making the headphones pull on your ears when you are moving about.I recommend this product as it provides you with good sound quality in a small, convenient player that does not skip.Best regards,Joe Kotran
I told myself that I would finally drag myself to the gym if, and only if, I finally had a decent mp3 player to entice me.  After extensive researching and saving my pennies, I decided to go with the Techno Yepp.  The call of the 128MB and tuner for a comparatively low price was too much to resist.  Initially, I had been eyeballing the Intel Pocket Concert that has a similar configuration, but it was significantly higher in price at the time.  Here are a few comments I have to make in addition to what other reviewers have already posted.AESTHETICSOkay, I can't help it but I expect products that I purchase to be visually pleasing--call it the curse of being a gadget designer/monger.Firstly, when the Yepp arrived, I'll admit I was a little dismayed to see that it was slightly larger than I expected it to be.  Having seen the Mini Yepp (and having previously tried out the Sony MP3 stick player), somehow I was under the impression that the Yepp would be smaller, more svelte, more...desireable.  Instead, it appears to be a dorky looking box which I guess is some geek's idea of cool (to be fair, the Intel model is pretty geeky looking as well.  Guess companies are unwilling to invest in design). However, this fact is offset by the fact that the player still remains quite light.  I guess pragmatics wins out over aesthetics in this case, but that doesn't keep me from hiding it under my t-shirt when I use it at the gym.  I've also chucked the tuner portion (something that had actually factored into my decision of buying the Techno Yepp!) since it's not only a battery hog but the tangle of lengthy wires and tuner unit flying around on one's chest are distracting to say the least.BUTTON LAYOUTOkay, yes, the buttons are easy to use...but do they make one iota of sense if you're not actually looking at the thing?  The layout is seemingly arbitrary.  Some buttons are stuck on the front side, some near the LED, some on the right side, some on the left side...and perhaps most infuriating, some buttons need to be lightly tapped, and others need to be held down for a long time to make them work.  I often find myself with the player strapped to my running shorts, my fingers fumbling around and randomly punching buttons hoping that one of them will do what I want it to do, as I simultaneously try to concentrate not falling off of the stairmaster.  Also, if you forget to hit the &quot;lock&quot; feature, the power buttons is very easy to engage simply by just pressing up against something.  I've accidentally turned it off mid-favorite song many times.VOLUMEI would have to concur with others about the volume control--the maximum volume level is just enough to hear your music at a &quot;normal&quot; level if there is background noise (I thought perhaps I was having hearing problems until I read other people's comments).  Sometimes you just want to rock out a bit to your favorite part, but if the Yepp is competing with any other noise, you'll just have to shout out the words if you want raise the volume anymore.OVERALLI have to agree with other reviewers who say that the software and loading up music is easy.  Also, the sound quality is decent, though the 3D effect is nothing special.  Having 128MB is dreamy...and the Yepp has made my workout experience a lot more pleasant.  I hope the next model improves upon this one though.I'd give this 3-1/2 stars.
It's a really good product, that is before the warenty expires. It is really versitile. I love the Compact Flash Media Card. All you do is hook up the external drive to your computer and transfer files to another computer. I have had a problem with it though. Sometimes when you turn it on and hit play or enter for the digital music or radio it wont work. Other times while listning to digital music it'll shuffle through random play, suffle, scan, etc.... and it'll also go to contrast w/o you pressing anything. Also for radio it'll only play your presets it wont let you listen to any other stations.
This mp3 player is good but there are some things that could have been better.GOOD...- Built in memory (128MB) stores about 20+ songs and you can expand it by using a SmartMedia card (I would recommend a 64MB or higher), I think this is the best feature.- Batteries (NiMH and AAA) last a long time.- Very clear sound quality.- FM tuner- Voice recording- Size and general design. It looks good, stylish, and it is also light.GOOD BUT...- Rechargeable battery and additional battery pack. This is a good idea, because the battery lasts about 7 to 8 hours and if it dies you can use the AAA battery pack for longer time, the thing with this is that it hangs on the side and it can be a little uncomfortable, besides it doesn't look that nice. (TIP: I would recommend using rechargeable AAA batteries. I've found that it's better to get those and a charger than buying constantly the normal AAA batteries, at least it works for me)- Carrying case. I personally didn't like the material, I would've preferred plastic, although it's useful in case it falls because it protects the player. Also it could have been better designed, it fits the player and the additional battery pack, but the problem is you can only use it when the remote control is connected to the headphones, otherwise the case won't close.- Remote control. This is also a nice thing, but it could have been smaller and the design different, I have seen others and they're round and smaller, which makes them more practical. The good thing is that it's really light so when you wear it your headphones won't fall because of the weight of the remote (I have seen it happen in other remotes).BAD...- Software. The only problem with this for me is that it's kind of slow. The uploading is fast but after it uploads a song it stops for about 5-7 seconds (of course, that could be just a problem with me and my computer).In conclusion it's a good player when you see it in the store and at the moment you buy it (I think is because of the 128MB and expandability) and the price you pay for it is fair considering the memory and features, but it has a few things that can be annoying or just make you kind of unhappy with it after a while. For me, despite of all the "not-so-good" things I've discovered about it, it fits my needs: play lots of mp3 files with good sound quality. But if you wonder about this one try the Samsung YP-55V 256 MB. It might be as good as this or a better choice. Both have cons and pros I think.
I had this player now for 8 months and the wires connecting to the remote are broken so that I can only hear in one ear.  I can't replace this, but there is nothing wrong with the player itself.  Its unfortunate that I can no longer use this unit because of a loose wire connecting from the player to the remote.  The sound is good, and its an attractive unit.  The remote is also flawed, its very heavy so that its hard to clip to anything without falling off.  That leaves me with about 2 feet of cable and I can't put the whole thing in my pocket.  The remote makes it awkard to use when running.  I have to carry a handbag over my shoulder in order to use it without feeling like the player is tugging on my head.  I don't know how guys would use this, unless they were using a pack back.  The recharagable battery has saved me a lot of money, and the battery life is good.  The radio can definitely be improved on.  It only receives FM and there's a lot of static, this might be because I live in a large city, however I don't have problems with other walkmans or CD players with radio features.
I love the Yepp MP3 player itself.  It's cool looking and has some really cool features.  However, the software it comes with leaves much to be desired.  The most annoying problem is how it tries to organize file names.  It doesn't let you sort by date modified and tries to split the file names into track title, artist, and album.  That's great if your files are ripped from a CD, but if your files are downloaded, you're out of luck.  Also, the system won't let you play tracks while you're in the selection window, and since the file names get all [messed] up, you can get really mixed up and frustrated.  I've tried side stepping these problems by using the Windows Media Player Portable Device function and that won't work either... some unknown error.  All in all, I think one might be better off waiting a while until Samsung upgrades the software or at least lowers the price.  For my money there are just too many inconveniences to make this a truly great buy.
I used the YP-700H for about two weeks before it quit on me. No power, no sound, nothing. Samsung says they will fix or replace it, but I am still disappointed. As far as the features and sound, everything else was great.
The iPaq PA-2 is a reliable player if you use Windows Media Player.  It then downloads in the wma format.  MP3 format does not work.  This is a fact (you can read about it on the Compaq web site).  In wma format the music plays well.  Downloads are slow and software is not self explanitory.  Otherwise a good product.  Not recommended if you are in a hurry to download your music.  I suggest buying a few 64K flash cards.
I bought the PA2 to play mp3 tunes on a recent trip and was very disappointed with several features of the player.  First, to get a reasonable amount of music onto the unit I had to decrease my music encoding down to 64kps which is pretty gritty.  Second, the player will suddenly stop or skip to the next song while playing a song which is very irritating!  I think I'll buy Apple's iPod MP3 player next time around.
Got this one after a very bad experience with a Rio 600 with the rechargeable power pack which died.  Once you get the software going and the cards formatted (the directions didn't specify HOW you format the cards), it works OK.  The NOT OK part was: not loud enough (I can't hear soft songs while I'm riding my lawn tractor), the MusicMatch software will not recognize the unit (after numerous emails from Compaq and software patches I can still only load WMA's with Windows Media Player), the earphones are passable, and the transfer is a little slow.  It seems to be too easy to inadvertently hit the play/pause button.  The belt clip is plastic and not altogether sturdy, as well.
The input can be a problem:Line level - gain not very adjustable, many sources will over or under drive itMic level - not compatible with anything but cheap plug-N-power mics.  If your mic has a battery in it (like the Sony ECM-MS957), it won't work.For cheapie electret mics or adjustable-line-level sources (a walkman, radio, or voice recorder) this should be all you need.  And, anything better is ridiculously expensive.
I bought this CD player last year when I started seriously running to train for a marathon.  I found this CD player was fine to run with, but after about 4 miles it became a bit heavy to carry and I had to switch hands a lot to keep from getting tired.  This CD player is fine if you are only going to run 2-3 miles at a time, but if you are going to run more, I would suggest checking out a Nike MP3 player which is much lighter and will play double the amount of music.With that said, this is a good CD player, but it is a bit heavy for running.  It does do a nice job of not skipping, and the fact it is water resistant is a nice feature many electronic devices do not have.Sony needs to come out with a Sports/MP3 player.
MusicMatch has to be the worst software program that I have encountered. Perhaps MusicMatch is incompatible with Windows ME. Assistance is of no benefit- all you get is gobblygoop via emails. My computer has been on the blink ever since I downloaded the upgrade which cost an extra $29.95. Freezing and constant need to reboot the computer drove me to remove MusicMatch completely to eliminate the problems.At this time I am not using the RCA RD 1070 MP3 player.It has been a bad experience all around.
I received my RCA Lyra RD1070 on Christmas Eve in 2002. I immediately fell in love with it. It was awesome for the first five or six months. Then, at one point, the belt clip just broke. Then about a month later, the USB cover on the MP3 player just ripped off. Finally, in November and December of 2003, MusicMatch Jukebox started being really dumb. I upgraded my software to the 8.1 version (player came with 7.1). The drivers for my portable would not add to my screen. I had to go to a separate website and install them from there. Once I got that done, I couldn't add songs to my player still! After numerous messages to MusicMatch, they helped me a little, but hardly at all. If you want a good player, DON'T GET THIS PLAYER! Here are some pros and cons of both the player and software:Pros (Player)* Small, fits in the palm of your hand* Easy, functional screen* Basic and easy buttons helps control the whole player* Headphones are comfortable and easy to put on* Easy connection to the PC using USB cablePros (Software)* Easy installation* Many features on the software* Easy to add songs to your player* Technical support will reply to your message within 48 hours (only for PLUS users)Cons (Player)* Kills batteries VERY quickly* When adding songs to your player, sometimes nothing will show up on your player except for an &quot;E&quot;, in which then you have to take out the batteries.* Headphones rip easily! The part closest to the metal can rip easily!* Headphones do not stay on ears easily. Suggest getting Sony headphones if you want the same style.Cons (Software)* Upgrading to anything higher than MusicMatch Jukebox 7.1 is a BIG MISTAKE. It messes up your computer, your player, and the software.* You must download extra drivers in order to add songs to your player.* You can't view lyrics on the player because the Music Guide will take over.* Requesting Technical Support does NOT work for basic users. It only works for plus users. In order to get help with basic software, you must go to the website and look at the user guide there. Most of the time, they don't have your answer.I suggest never getting anything from RCA Lyra because of MusicMatch Jukebox. Hope this helps!!
I've been tooling around with this little gadget for about a month now, and there's definitely a few points I need to make. PROS. First of all, it's quite the bang for the buck in terms of memory. Depending on size of files, I've been managing to get roughly 30 songs into the Lyra. It's also super light and compact. I actually like the earphones it came with, needs a little adjusting to, but better than the buds I've had before.Onto the CONS. The Musicmatch software it came with (an absolute necessity in downloading the music onto the player) would not open once I had installed it onto my Windows XP. Thinking it was a fluke, I downloaded another version through Musicmatch.com - it still didn't work. At this point, I was essentially screwed and wanted to violently pull the hair off my head. I finally got a version that worked through downnload.com and had to start practice toggling the mp3's. The programs itself is very reliable (I had used the same program on the mac though the Lyra is incompatible with it). It needs a little practicing and I would definitely recommend reading every single window before pressing "OK" or whatever. When asked "Also delete the selected file(s) from your computer?", I accidentally said 'yes' and Musicmatch deleted MY ENTIRE MP3 COLLECTION OFF MY COMPUTER!! The mp3-mpy conversion is a little tricky because my computer can't play an mp3 file if it's been converted back FROM an mpy file. It's all rather confusing, leaving me to think that there MUST be an easier way for RCA to do this.
Well, I bought these out of absolute necessity - no other source for the original Sony Clie aluminum sytlus - and was pleasantly surprised with what I received.  Granted, they're not aluminum but hard plastic.  But, unless you're an absolute beast with your equipment and tear everything to h*** within a month, this set of four plastic styluses (or is it styli??) will do just fine, thank you very much.  And you can't beat the price...
I own this player for 2 months .it seems to work well.The sound quality is good .Most of all the removable harddisk is a great feature.you can store any type of  file from your notebook into this harddisk and transport it.But its a little bit heavier than an ipod,also when the player is in pause mode it switches off in less than a minute.the battery life is really good.Also toshiba properietery software is a headache ,For the MP3 its like one way traffic,once your store the Mp3 files into the player with toshiba software u cant play them again in any other player or computer.Overall its a good player with few problems.i hope this review is helpful to you.
I also did a lot of research on the internet before purchasing the iAUDIO CW200 256MB MP3 Player w/FM & Voice Recorder.  One of the features that had attracted me was the built in FM tuner and the ability to record FM broadcasts.  Unfortunately, the FM reception has proved to be extremely weak for the NPR station that I intended to record programs from.  I also own a $35 Sony Walkman radio that can receive that same FM station with no problem, so I don't think it was a problem of signal strength.  Hence, I have found this unit to be unusable for one of the main reasons I had purchased it.  My only other complaint is that the LCD display is extremely small and difficult to read.  Otherwise, the sound quality of the MP3 player is phenomenal.
This MP3 player was fabulous for the 3 hours that it worked!  It dumped everything I had loaded onto it and said there was no memory flash found???  Now I can't listen to my music I had saved nor can I record.  I'm returning it, but now the price has gone up $30 if I want a new one.  There was no offer on repairing it. I may have gotten a lemon, but I'm sure this is the best unit for the money and my next unit will be a good one.
I just received the SlimX iMP 350... I had read multitudes of posts regarding this product from more than 10 sources...the SLimX did not playback 50+ hours, it's ability to hold file formats such as mp3s, wmvs etc, was impressive. I could only get around 40 songs (SP2 format) into a minidisc. With the SLimX, it's at least 4 to 5 times this number, depending on format. The package is complete... The earphones are stodgy, yes. But those are easily replaceable....For the general public however, the font is NOT too small, follow instructions to extend your battery life (a firmware upgrade claims to extend it as well), the CDs DO play. I believe the lag time comes from the SlimX sorting files in chronological order; it retains ALL its capability to playback.The SlimX won quite a few product awards; the one that comes to mind was awarded by PC Magazine a few months ago. The quality of the product parallels the sheer amount of goods that come with it. I've done plenty of research, and feel that the SlimX is indeed worthwhile. Kudos to iRiver...
Bought one of these a couple of weeks ago.  I'm a PC user - USB was essential, needed a large amount of storage, didn't want to pay the premium for an ipod, so I got one of these.In many ways it does exactly what you'd expect, but there are a couple of catches:CATCH 1 - You can't use it as a portable harddrive.  It isn't automatically visible as just a USB device when you plug it in, you have to install either the behemoth Creative software or ... or so for the lightweight Notmad software and install that.  Either way, you would have to carry the software around with you on a seperate disk, as well as the unit itself, if you wanted to plug it into any random PC (and, interestingly, this is not what the packaging and advertising of the device would lead you to believe).CATCH 2 - It isn't as cool as the pictures make out.  The 'blue' screen doesn't actually look blue unless you're in the dark, and the screen is fairly small, even when on high-res display.  The unit is quite heavy, as you would expect from a hard drive, but feels quite fragile - dropping it on the pavement out of a pocket would almost certainly [break] it, so you really have to use the pvc padded wallet thing, killing any of its remaining polished aluminium good looks and adds another extra bit to the size.  It is too big and heavy for a shirt pocket, although might go in your trouser pocket if you weren't using the case.Anyway.  Overall, it is still probably the best compromise for a PC user, but taking into account that you can't just use it as a USB harddrive, my main gripe, I probably should have saved my money and waited to see what the Philips HDD100 / new Rio / other upcoming players turned out like.  Or maybe bought one of those mini-MP3 CD playing things, whatever they're called, as a stopgap.
I originally purchase the 20Gig Archos recorder which died on me but I did love it's simplicity.  Your computer basically sees it as a removable drive, something the Zen does not do.  Just drag your directory stucture over an tada, done.  Move your .m3u playlists with them and your in business.Creative Playcenter, the software player-interface that comes with the Zen, is a brick at best.  The playcenter or zen do not support external playlists such as .m3u which is a negative.  Data files and .mp3 files that you would like to listen to are copied to seperate areas of the Zen so just copying your .mp3 fils over isn't going to work.  It general you have to buy "Creatives dream" of how you, your computer and your Zen should interact.  Give me a break, it's just a Hard DiskThe is a utility called Notmad from Red Chair that certainly address' to some extect the issues mentioned above but at a price, [amount] on top of the price of the Zen.  While is supports drag and drop from your computer HD to the Zen and it allows for the import of playlist, directory structures are not kept either in the "music storage" or "file storage" areas on the Zen which is bizarre concept in itself.In general creative has made the Zen MUCH harder than it needs to be.  I called them and they said if was designed this way in an attempt to comply with copyright laws.  In reality this will only weed out the very amature and more that likely if you have a 20g player you are not one of them.  As usual there is a way around everything.OK, now as an MP3 player it is great.  It has nice sound, easy interface, some bells and whistles here and there.  There are EAX environment setting which will add reverb and simulate you are listening in bathroom, cathedral, concert hall, etc.  While this is cute I really don't see the need to pretend that I'm listening to Limp Bizkit in a cave...  It seems to me that if they wanted to come up with something groundbreaking it would be to REMOVE the reverb from an audio recording, sounds more useful to me...In summary as a player its great, for someone who wants a player/utility drive comes up short.  I think I would look for something between and Archos and Zen.
I was looking for a walkman to play my old tapes.This one has auto reverse, but not auto-shutoff.  So it just keeps looping around.
The Panasonic RQ-CR70V has served me well enough for the past 2.5 years even with a few bumps and drops.  Now the player has literally bit the dust due to a bad accident, but I'd hesitate to buy another same model.  Mainly I used it for listening to TAPES of radio news/info (talk) shows, at my convenience when biking, walking, puttering, etc. It is a great value overall, and has been durable.  But I need to operate it by feel (thus no MP3 player will do), and that's where the radio operation disappoints.  My ratings, in comparison with older Sony Walkmans I've had:Cassette player: B+ -- Good tactile controls and adequate volume.  Has both FFW and Rew buttons.  But all cassette buttons are the same size and feel, gotta count them.  Has Auto-reverse (full-time, can't be canceled).  I've learned it plays better in one direction than the other.  When you push any cassette button, it will switch off the radio.AM/FM radio operation: C at best. --  Has no simple on/off/cassette switch, so it must be toggled thru AM-FM-Off using the "Band" pushbutton.  The radio buttons are not ergonomically arranged.  Preset stations require sequential 2-button selection, within a few seconds, making it very difficult to change stations by feel.  Worse, 3 of the 5 numbered pushbuttons are dual-function; instead of selecting a preset station (by feel), you may instead be tuning a bit off-station, or maybe "lock" the pushbuttons.  But sadly, this may be as good as presets get now--boosting my rating to "C"- since current Sony models make you push multiple buttons and run thru menus to get to a preset station --that's ridiculous!FM sensitivity/selectivity: D --  My favorite FM station is weak where I live.  It hisses and fades as I move around, and sometimes is interfered by some unknown station.  (This was not a problem on my old Sony Walkman radios.) I have the "City" switch taped "Off."  Also, no way to switch off stereo to improve weak stations.  [A cheap model, so...?]Headphones: D --  Too big and uncomfortable, and too much bass bias, like most today.  For distinct speech, we need to hear the highs --I NEVER use the idiotic bass boost.  (I still use my prized old standard Sony Walkman MDR-006 lightweight headphones, unavailable for years).Uses two "AA" batteries, advantageous if you use rechargeable ones.  Has useful battery strength indicator, good battery life.
Per teli conversation with Moses, it should have had a external power input for a transformer which i purchased at same time.It did not. Otherwise unit is running as expected.
I have researched many players, and I own two iRiver slim MP3 CD players.The battery life is excellent!I understand from other posters that there are troubles syncingwith the proprietary software.  I use standalone programs fromboth Linux and Windows.  In both cases, you just hook up to anyUSB port and use the Yepp like a hard drive, writing mp3 andwave files to/from it.  No problem.Player has been sturdy and reliable (the headphone cord isfalling apart, but no big deal), but if it gets knocked, evenlightly, while playing, it will turn off, losing your playlocation.The controller software really sucks compared to iRiver's.This software rates about a 1 if iRiver is rated 10.  You havevery little ability to adjust things.  Even though the batterylife is excellent, you can not pause or stop the player forover 30 seconds without it turning off and losing yourlocation.  If you get a phone call, you have to let it keepplaying or it will turn off.  There is also no ability toeasily navigate through the filesystem so that you can sub-groupyour tracks (with 256 M of mp3 material, I would think thateverybody would want to sub-group their material).I use my player mainly for audio books which I write in mp3format.  Users who don't intend to use their player foraudio books probably want to skip the rest of my review.The main frustration with this player is the difficulty ofnavigation within a track.  It was easier to navigate witha cassette tape in 1985 than with this thing.  Once the playerturns off, it has no memory of where you were in the track.This will happen if you stop/pause for > 30 s (10 secondsif you use the default setting!).  As many reviewers have said,the ff/rew mechanism is very hard to operate with one hand.It is extremely unresponsive.  It doesn't start "going" untilyou hold it for 2 s., if you accidentally let go before then,it goes to the beginning/end of the track and loses yourlocation.  The ff/rew speed is not adjustable.  For VBR (variablebit rate) MP3s, it goes EXTREMELY SLOW for about 2:00, then itjumps by about 5:00 every microsecond.  It is impossible toff/rew about 4:00 with less than 5 attempts.  For CBR (constantbit rate) MP3s, it goes at 10s/click--- very slow.This player would really be excellent if Samsung knew how to makeoperating software.  The iRiver MP3 CD players I have suffer fromnone of these ergonomic or controller software problems, but theyhave hardware problems instead :( .UPDATE (2004-05-26):  There are DEFINITELY better MP3 playersavailable now.  Because of this, I'm reducing my rating from 3to 2 stars.  Note that a player that supports USB-2 or Firewirewill transfer files in a small fraction of the time that thisthing takes.
Some reviewers below give their credits to YP-55V just for its small compact size, mp3 and fm capability, which is not specific at all and could apply to most of the flash-drive mp3 players in market nowadays.I was in market for a mp3/fm player for my jogging. I bought it at Bestbuy for $139 plus tax basically for it's cheaper than iRiver iFP-390T which is selling for $169AR plus tax in the same store.Pro:1 Cheaper than iRiver iFP-390T.2 YP-55V uses 1 AAA battery which makes it smaller, while iRiver 390T uses 1 AA battery.3 YP-55V has an aluminum case, comparing to the plastic one of iRiver 390T. But I don&iexcl;t know if this makes YP-55V stronger. Those manufacturers should conduct some devastating experiments to find out this.Con:1 The quality and build of the earphone is so-so, worse than the one comes with iRiver 390T (a Sennheiser MX300).2 YP-55V&iexcl;s playback time is shorter (up to 15 hrs) comparing to 390t (up to 24 hrs). It&iexcl;s a trade-off for the AAA size battery.3 Multilanguage support is not as it is claimed. The truth is, Samsung don&iexcl;t have a universal firmware version yet to support all claimed languages, i.e., English, Korean, Japanese and Chinese. English is supported in each version of firmware. For other language, you have to have the right firmware. The one comes with my item (ver. 1.500)only support English and Korean, rather than Chinese. I have to flash the firmware to a version of 1.511 to gain Simplified Chinese support. In order to get Traditional Chinese support, you need a Hong Kong version firmware (ver. 1.52). The latest version (ver. 5.7) added some interesting functions such as subfolder viewing/playing, but the language support of this version is poor. It took me several hours to search the Internet to figure out what&iexcl;s going on, to get the right firmware, to learn how to flash/update the firmware. I&iexcl;d like to share my knowledge here: How to update firmware for YP-55V1 Download the right firmware.2 Install it by running setup.exe3 (the most tricky part) hold down the play/stop button while you connect the player with the computer via USB, which will turn the player into a &iexcl;recovery mode&iexcl; necessary to update.4 run the &iexcl;YP-55 Update&iexcl; from Start->Programs->Samsung YP 55.Neither the manual nor Samsung&iexcl;s website are helpful at all for all of these. It&iexcl;s a huge waste of consumer&iexcl;s time due to the manufacturer&iexcl;s negligence.
yea i had this thing for a year i payed 80 buks for it lasted a wile and played reall nice i hated thesoftware it came with suked so bad real difficult to use and plus it broke in half it so not sleek at all very fragile
I really like this walkman - especially the small size, large memory, and long battery life. I use it almost every day on the long commute to work, or when I'm in the gym. So why only 4/5? The styling looks cool, but the whole unit would be smaller if the "hold" mechanism was smaller. Also, I find the "jog dial" thing that you use to change tracks sometimes sticks and doesn't feel very robust. In addition, the music management software - Sonic Stage - is really poor.(3 months later)No, I take that back.  The Sonic Stage software is terrible - it has the usability and reliability of a 2nd year computer science project.  Sony's software support is equally bad: expect 3 week turnaround times on questions or problems.It's a shame - nice device, let down by appalling software.
My objective was to buy an MP3 player for my 15 year old son.  I thought the IROCK 730i had enough features to meet his demands.  The 730i included 128MB of internal memory. I purchased a 128MB SmartMedia memory card because it could also be used in my daughter's digital camera.The unit has plenty of features including a voice recorder.  The software included was easy to use but adding lyrics for the display was a time consuming process.  Sound quality was very good and had alot of volume for this small unit.The unit is constructed of plastic and so are all of the controls and the belt clip.  I felt the unit was poorly fabricated.  The battery cover felt like it was ready to crack.  I was afraid the belt clip was ready to break since it was made of plastic and therefore I never made use of it.  The clip had screw securing it to the unit probably so that it could be easily replaced.  The plastic case was a piece of junk.My biggest disappointment was in the control switches.  The on/off button was the same control used for the play mode.  I found myself pressing the button so hard at times in frustration since it did not perform its function.My son ended up receiving an MP3 player made by Rio from his older brother.  That unit had a strap and looked to be more rugged for his use.  I was going to keep the 730i but those control buttons just didn't do the job.  I ended up returning the unit.I still gave this unit 3 stars since it did have alot of features but I would not recommend it for its durability and ease of use.  If you don't need the lyrics displayed then you don't need this unit; the 530 can do the job.
Well constructed, well padded and good looking.Too big and bulky or me.  It holds my tripod, ball-head, monopod and table-top tripod with length to spare.  I use it to store my gear in the car but I would not bring it into the field.The strap adjusts too easily... it slips.
As a caveat here, I've been a subscriber of both XM and Sirius at different times.  I'm not here to pump or dump either service or comment on programming -- simply the merits and drawbacks of the SkyFi, so here goes.  (1) I managed to break the SkyFi within 10 minutes of setting it up at home, simply by trying to turn the round tuning dial, and this didn't instill confidence in quality or build.  I was able to get it replaced at my retailer, fortunately.  Otherwise, the size of the unit is quite nice and the remote is slick.  The display is nice, although the config options are a bit limited (and it's very, very red, which can be annoying to view).  (2) The satellite reception was not bad but it was very, very touchy as to location.  To that end, I moved to an apartment with a north/west exposure, so using it there was out of the question (no signal at all); ergo, I'm no longer a subscriber.  (3) I also considered purchasing the Boom-Box rather than simply plugging into my home stereo -- a friend still has his boom-box, but the volume on it is weak (it's only 4W output), and it has no adapters for external devices.  Stylish, yes.  Functional, not so much.  It worked better through my home stereo's Aux input -- even the latest boom-box model is still ONLY a 4 watt output, which is less than most cheap PC speakers.  -- Again, I won't discuss programming (I personally enjoyed XM, but that's a personal preference).  The unit is nice, but there are some limitations, especially if you consider the satellite orbit for XM is very low and south-only; if you don't have that orientation available, try Sirius.
After having XM Radio for about a month now, I really wonder if it's worth it. I am in my car a LOT which is why I 'thought' XM would be nice to have. However, after listening to it a LOT, I have come to realize that they play the same stuff over and over again.  While 100+ channels seems like a lot, there are only a few decent channels to listen to and then, one must get used to repeat programming. It's sort of like having 100+ TV channels...Even though there are a lot of channels, there's very little worth listening to.  Worst of all are all the Viagra advertisements. Do they think that their audience is composed mostly of impotent males? Next, are the advertisements for XM radio.  How stupid! One has to already have an XM radio to hear the ad, so why bother advertising something to someone who already has the product.. It's just an annoyance. Out of the 100+ stations, there is only ONE Classical station, there are NO &quot;Classic Rock&quot; stations, NO &quot;New Age&quot; stations, but there are at least FIVE RAP music (if you can call that 'music')stations.  I might be willing to pay $2 a month for XM, but not $10 a month.  It's an overblown gimmic.
Ok first off, let me say that I LOVE the XM service and stations.  I haven't listened to the regular radio since I got it.  My problem is with the car installation.  I opted for the professional installation via Circuit City.  I don't want to give CC a bad name, but my experience was not a good one.  First off, it's mounted so poorly that I could literally pull it right off the console ( its installed on my front center console - I have a Toyota Sequoia).  I have to be very gentle every time I pull the receiver out and God help me if I bump it - it will come right off. CC told me that's the best they can do for making it sturdy...?  XM has GOT to come up with a better way - I paid a lot of money for all the components and to have it done right - I feel like I could have gotten the same results with just the regular plug in vehicle kit!Ok I could accept that part IF the sound was better. I get a hissing sound and the quality of my XM sound doesn't come close to that of a CD or even my regular radio. I read the review about this, but my FM modulator is made by Delphi so I know it's compatible.  I also called Circuit City and they told me there is nothing they can do except to adjust the audio output.  Even after playing with this feature I can't get rid of the hissing.  Maybe someone out there can help me because I really DO love XM - I just thought that the sound quality was going to be better or at least EQUAL to my stock radio!!
The radio is great.  No' remote!!!  Makes it hard to control features.  I love the radio.  Now I have go back and fine a remote.  Look all the picture you have a remote.
I purchased my XM Radio Skyfi system from Best Buy just before a cross country trip.  My wife and I love it.  However, after losing the signal a few times in the rain and then losing the signal for a few days after a heavy rain.  I discovered that the magnetic antenna supplied with the system is "known" to be a problem.  Best Buy techs know it.  And Delphi, the suppliers of the system know it.  When I called tech support at Delphi, I got a curt recommendation to seal the area of the antenna where the wire enters the antenna - then I wouldn't have any more problems.  In other words, their problem was my problem.  The Best Buy techs graciously told me if I got any kind of replacement antenna, they would replace my antenna at no charge.  I couldn't find a replacement.  The Delphi people need some customer service training.  So, if you buy this system, save yourself some trouble and seal the area where the wire enters the antenna.  If it weren't for the antenna problem, I'd give the system five stars.
The audio quality from this USB sound card is great.  However, the input and output jacks are labeled very confusingly, and I have to use trial and error each time I hook it up.Also, the drivers perform flawlessly, but the installation is not at all automated -- you have to hunt around on the CD to find the right files for your operating system.
2nd try @ USB audio adapter for my eMachines 5312 laptop and this one isn't for me either.  Lots of glitches, stutters, some sort of sync loss resulting in horrid noise.  Even when it works, the driver does not offer line-in to line-out passthru (confirmed w/ tech support after several rounds).  Seems aimed at Mac ProTools users. Bundled with spiffy-looking but highly crippled electronic music creation program - full version is expensive. Might work better on a different PC as another USB sound device (Creative SB) on this laptop has not been satisfactory either.  Instead went to PC-Card sound card  (SB Audigy) at almost the same price that has worked flawlessly. YMMV.
Bought an M-Audio Transit to replace a Griffin iMic, whose sound quality was not acceptable, on a Macintosh G4 titanium PowerBook 667 MHz (1 GB RAM, OS 9.2.2 and 10.3.4).Transit hardware: Excellent. Meets its wonderful specs.M-Audio Mac OS 9 driver software: Garbaggio. Totally non-functional and not very stable.M-Audio Mac OS X driver software: Works for us, not for others.The Mac OS 9 software is unusable junk: neither the input level controls nor level meters of most software will operate with the Transit, though the same software works fine with the (inferior, audio-wise) Griffin iMic, and Apple built-in hardware on other Mac models. Software which will not work with the Transit and its current drivers (we tried both 1.5.4 and 1.5.1) include: Coaster 1.1.3, Amadeus II 3.7.2, Sound Studio 2.0.7, and the OS 9.2.2 Sound control panel. All these are standard Sound Manager-compliant software packages that work stably and well with everything except the Transit. Only the output of the Transit seems to work under OS 9.During the week of troubleshooting and emailing, M-Audio support recommended using software which supports ASIO drivers, avoiding the Apple Sound Manager. They recommended BIAS Peak LE. We tried the demo of Peak LE 3.2, which was so wildly unstable that we were unable to perform meaningful tests.We had acceptable results with OSeX Panther 10.3.4, though other OSeX users have not (details on xlr8yourmac.com). Proceed with caution, and make sure you can return the Transit if you cannot make it workable on your system.Wishing everyone trouble-free audio input and output,))Sonic(( (and unnamed friend)
I bought this unit to replace a first generation Xitel unit. The main problem I am having with the M-Audio box is that if the iBook is restarted, the device driver does not show up. One has to unplug and plug in the USB cable to get it to show up. I should have bought the upgraded Xitel HiFi Pro unit instead (which comes with a full set of cables). This unit does not come with a fiber optic cable, the Xitel unit does, and is about the same price.
The iPod is my second MP3 jukebox. It has only two primary advantages: small size and it looks cool. That's really it and those two probably make it the best machine out there, but there is plenty of room for improvement.The battery life is only 4 or 5 hours and it doesn't recharge that quickly. You probably need to buy a Firewire card for your computer (though it is worth it because of Firewire's speed and the fact that it recharges the iPod). You have to have Windows 2000 or XP to use iTunes (though you can download EphPod and use the iPod with Windows 98). iPods are expensive and so are the accessories: $50 for an AC adapter! Even the cable is some kind of proprietary mini-SCSI. Replacing the battery is $100. The buttons are too sensitive and if you carry it in your hand you will inadvertently skip songs or change the volume. So you have to lock the controls meaning to skip a song you then have to unlock, skip, and relock. Because they are touch sensitive you don't know if you've pressed a button and it is easy to hit the button again waiting for the hard drive to spin up whereupon all your button presses will activate and you end up somewhere you didn't intend. What's wrong with real buttons?!I have issues with software as well. You can't just drag and drop MP3 files, you have to go through the desktop software. If you just drag an MP3 onto the iPod it can't play it. You have to use the iPod database instead of being able to categorize your music in folders the way you (might) want. This means you have to pay special attention to MP3 tags and if you only have one song by an artist, then the Artists list will show that person just as prominently as someone with 100 songs. I have 3,000 songs on my iPod and it's a pain getting through that list (I took about 300 singles and modified the tags so they wouldn't show up in the Artist or Album lists but I still have about 300 complete CD's to  flip through). When you want to play an album the iPod skips over the first song as often as not. The extras like syncing your contacts, calendar, and the games are nearly worthless.Still, this is one of the best MP3 players out there. I just don't think anything is perfect yet, but how long will it be before someone else comes up with a tiny hard drive that will let everyone else shrink the size of their players too? When that happens the iPod will lose its primary advantages of small size and looking cool.Not all complaints I see on Amazon are justified. If people would read the box they would realize you need a Firewire card or will have to buy a USB cable. Yes it's hard to hook it up to your car stereo, but so is any MP3 player (why don't they just have MP3 players for cars?). Likewise it can be used as an external hard drive, but so can just about any jukebox.The 20 GB iPod comes with a lot of very nice accesories like the wire remote, AC adapter, cradle, carrying case, and headphones. And Apple seems to frequently update the operating system and make improvements as well as making iTunes better and better.The iPod isn't a bad device, but it's not great either. Buy it if you don't mind spending the money, but if money is an issue there may be better choices.
I'm not an Apple user but have heard about how great the products are so maybe I expected too much.  Let's start with software installation on my Windows XP Pro computer.  If you choose to connect and update your iPod during the software installation, you get a dialog box asking to restart your computer.  DON'T DO IT since the rest of the software is being installed and you'll just have to go through it all over again.Now for the iPod - the touch controls are annoyingly imprecise.  You'll have to spend a little time getting the hang of how much to move your finger around the touchpad.  I kept wishing I could grab a stylus.  And it's easy to accidentally turn it on so keep it in Hold mode after you turn it off.More annoyances:  the manual and the online support tell you that you can change the options from the default auto update by selecting manual update from the options menu.  What they don't tell you is that the options menu (no, not the one under the Edit menu) only appears as an icon in the lower right of iTunes when the iPod is connected.  So, if you've loaded some songs on your iPod from one computer and didn't happen to know about this, when you go to a different computer to load songs, you have to overwrite everything on the iPod before you can change the options to manual.  Then you'll have to go back to the first computer to load the songs again.  This is just stupid design - these options should be on the iPod.And speaking of options, take a look at the ones under the Edit menu and uncheck all the stuff you thought you got rid of during installation - like using iTunes as your default player or automatically checking for updates.If you use your iPod on a single computer, like iTunes for listening and don't mind behind your back connections to Apple, then the default settings will suit you just fine.  Those settings automatically look for new songs in your library, adds them to the iPod and dismounts it (in manual mode you have to eject it yourself) whenever you connect your iPod to your machine.It looks nice and sounds good but the battery doesn't last very long.  I bought the Belkin battery pack (battery pack is for music play only -  not hard drive mode) which seems to work and overcomes the measly 4-5 hours I'd get otherwise.To be honest, I wouldn't buy it again if I knew how quirky it was.  After it dies, which shouldn't take too long, I hear, I'm going to get a flash disk player.
Bought one of these to replace my first generation iPod with a dead battery instead of coughing up the $99 apple wanted to replace the battery.  Theres really not a whole lot in the way of improvements in my eyes between this and the earlier iPods.  I ended up returning it after a week, mostly because I was also in the market for an external HD, and this player doesn't support that.This unit is still the leader in terms of size, but it is lagging pretty far behind the competition in terms of battery life, features, sound quality, and value.  I'm sure Apple can just float by for another year or two in this manner, as this unit was at one point the best personal MP3 player, period.  This is obviously not the case anymore, but, like other Apple products, people will be willing to buy nearly anything with the Apple logo regardless of the competition.Still a solid contender, but by no means the undisputed champion anymore.  If size and style aren't your only considerations there are better products elsewhere.
I purchased the 20 GB iPod about a month ago... Even though the price is over $100 higher for comparable models, I heard how great the iPod was quality-wise.  I'm just not seeing it.Even after upgrading to the latest firmware, the device is just plain buggy.  It shows that the music is paused when it is playing, and vice versa.  The electro-static controls don't always &quot;register&quot; that you touched them.  While the capacity is great, the fact that its a hard drive makes it slow.  Skipping to a song can sometimes take 4 or 5 seconds, leaving you wondering if you really hit &quot;next&quot; to go to the next song.  Also, sometimes it just skips over the song as though it can't read it.  I returned my first one because I thought it was defective, but the replacement does the same.  I guess its just how the iPod works.Also, the optional USB cable is proprietary (and therefore not optional at all if you intend to use USB).  So, most windows users add another $20 to the price.
I've had this for 2 weeks. Now that the honeymoon is over, let me tell ya....While Apple's iPod is in a class of its own, I think the hype surpasses the quality of the product.1. Songs skip.2. Without a remote with an LCD display, you have to grab the unit itself. With sweaty hands at the gym, that's nerve wrecking!3. With the remote, since there's NO DISPLAY, you can easily return to the main menu.4. When you are playing a song and choose to navigate through the menu to select the next song, sometime the song that's playing stops - sometimes not.5. Is it my imagination or do some songs cut off early?6. Many songs/artists/albums appear twice! Or there's a case where I look up artist and find Janet, but I don't see one of her songs. I have to go to Genre and there that song is. Why wasn't it under her name? Confusing!7. The RCA video/music player is already stepping into the next level. I almost regret not getting that instead, but I'll buy it later.My suggested solution(s) to Apple:Create a darn remote control with an LCD display. Sony's top minidisc players have them. Other MP3 players have them. It CAN be done. Offer it as an &quot;extra&quot; accessory. People will PAY to be able to stash that iPod in a safe place and navigate through music safely with a remote control.
I bought an IPod shortly after Thanksgiving and while there are a number of things I like about it, I have to say the battery life is very short.  I have never been able to get more than 6 hours out of the battery and seldom even that many.  I average about 4 hours per complete charge.  Secondly, I don't like all the windows services that get loaded with iTunes.  I realize I could use music match but who wants all that spyware loaded.  The services can really bring performance on the computer as whole down, not to mention it seems to look up my computer from time to time.  iTunes seems conflicts with a number of other software programs I have running like winamp and a CD ripper.The IPod has an elegant design but it is not worth how much it costs.
Essentially the iPod is a glorious thing: a tiny little whitegood that delivers all your music straight from your pocket with no need to suffer the clackety clack of train tracks or the bore-on epoxy of all those fools. Great: Read the manual, test the drive, you're laughing. However, the manufacturers fail to point out the battery's tiny little grasp of power and the 500-recharge shelf-life of said irreplaceable cell. Also, this evening, a mere week after purchasing the thing, my iPod has frozen up and is now required to be left for 24 hours to get over it's rather inconvenient tantrum according to Apple, who must have known about it's shortcomings waaaaaay before I called to let them know. It's a ridiculously great product, or rather it would be, were the battery not rubbish and also that it appears to have been released for human consumption without really caring if it was going to do all the things that it was meant to without all the hassle somewhere along the way, yeah?
Coat your ipod lcd in a 2 inch sheet of plexiglass.  Mine broke within 2 weeks and they cost more to repair than a new ipod.  Beware.
The Apple IPod is a great innovation in modern technology. You will wonder how you could ever get that advanced to get 20 GB of memory in an item that is slightly bigger than a deck of cards. This thing is a music lover's dream. However, that dream comes at a price. At almost $400, this could be considered a luxury item. Added to that, if you're a PC user, you will have to buy a lot of additional cables. One, you'll have to buy a Dock connector to USB cable. Then, you'll have to buy an FM transmitter for your car to play your IPod. And then lastly, if you're playing it a lot in the car, you'll need another case because the one provided doesn't have outlines in it, so you'll have to pull it out of the case anytime you want to change a song. Which is just as distracting as using a cell phone while driving. All those extras are going to cost you an extra $100. As for the IPod itself the navigation is very easy. You'll be able to handle it in no time at all. However, I find it very hard to believe that I will ever get anywhere near the 10,000 song limit that I have. So, I'm paying extra for something I more than likely won't use. And believe me, I'm quite the music lover and I only have 600 songs on mine. So, I could've went with the 10 GB IPod. And then comes the rumor that you will have to replace the battery in a year and a half for $100. If true, shame on Apple. This item while very sleek and trendy, it is also very expensive and not easy on the pockets. It's good, but overpriced by at least $150!
Amazon price:  Apple 20 GB iPod M9244LL/A  $299.99 (Last Year)Apple.com price: Pod w/Click Wheel (20GB) M9282LL/A  $299.99 (This Year)Come on, Amazon, get the new gear in stock or give a decent discount
Totally lame subscription policy.This is a great resource, but after a year you can no longer access the information on your PDA. You are only buying a 1-year subscription. I got burned by this. I was truly only interested in one city but it would have been better for me to get the book version so that I still had the information.
The Sonic Impact NXT speakers included with this MP3 system sound fantastic. They're not capable of loud volume, and the bass is rolled off pretty severely; but for ambient, jazz, folk, chamber music, etc, these are wonderful.  They're like a miniature set of Magneplanars, with that famous 360-degree open sound. *Perfect* for ambient music at the office.The Sonic Impact 256MB MP3 player looked like it would work for me; but it has fundamental problems. First of all, it EATS batteries like crazy. Secondly, my unit keeps shutting off at the slightest bump.  I can hardly use it at all - any jarring shuts it off; but only in certain modes (such as while playing music).  I thought it might be a loose battery connection; but I don't think it is.  Also, if you do any voice recordings, then every time you power on the MP3 player, it takes you to the voice playback mode.  You have to go through the system menus to get to where you can play your music files.  Then, when it shuts off (about every 10 minutes for me), you have to do it all over again.  How aggravating!In a nutshell: So-so MP3 player with annoying flaws and manufacturing defects is getting returned to the store for a refund. I'm planning to buy a set of the Sonic Impact NXT flat panel speakers separately.  The speakers weigh almost nothing, and the thin, light amplifier pod has a 5v DC power input jack (+ on center pin), so you run them with AC power in your office, garage, hotel room, etc.  (The amp also runs on 4 AAA's, supposedly for 14+ hours.)Rating: 2 stars for the flawed/defective MP3 player; and 4 stars for the speakers. If they had a little more bass, and if they didn't have the cheesy graphic "swoosh" on the front, I'd give 'em 5 stars.
Old school, but fine. I needed this to play a set of old language tapes and was relieved to find that SONY still makes these.
Sony Walkman Digital Tuning Weather FM/AM Stereo Cassette Player (Silver)Pretty cumbersome to use....wish I had purchased one with auto reverse.  The headphones are uncomfortable( become too snug quickly).  I found getting device in and out of belt attachment quite awkward.  Good sound.
first the pros:light weight, uses a single battery, come with a belt clip carrying case ... excellent layout of the buttons and easy to use ...now the cons:AM band is weak, which is truly disappointing ... FM is now available in smartphones for free ... AM signal can not be boosted ...overall: 3 stars ...
This set plays ok. The sound is not bad.  It just does not have an "off" button.  Haven't figure out how to turn this thing off yet.  I mostly use it nowadays to turn cassettes into mp3's using the male to male adapter and plugging into my computer.
I bought this Walkman to listen to some old cassette recordings, including mostly conversations and some music.  I'm glad I bought it, and would buy it again for the same reasons.PROS1.  plays my old cassettes with adequate (music) to good (voice) sound quality2.  easily jacks into my computer and inputs into my SOUND STUDIO (Mac) recording program, which does an excellent job turning the contents into CDs.3.  affordable relative to the reasons I needed itCONS1.  no counter or any way of telling where you are in a cassette, or even which side is playing.  All of these disadvantages can be overcome, but it takes time.  Easiest is to dump the entire cassette to the computer and edit from there.2.  only runs on batteries
I haven't owned a Walkman since around 1985 so it was fun to see how far cassette technology has advanced since then. Not much I see. This Walkman only requires a single AA battery -- much lighter than the one that needed four AA cells back in the day! The tape speed is incredibly stable. You can shake and spin this thing in every direction and not hear any difference in the playback. It sounds good considering that I'm listening to cassettes I recorded thirty years ago so maybe it sounds even better with recently recorded media.What's most disappointing is how it completely hides the cassette once it's inserted. All of the old Walkmans had a small window so you could see the cassette label and how much tape is on the reels. Not only is there no window, if you open the lid, you see the opposite side of the cassette. You have to pull it out to see the label on the side that you're playing.There is no automatic stop when rewinding or fast-forwarding. Once it hits the end of the tape, it will keep pulling on the tape until you stop it, the battery dies, or the tape breaks. It does stop in play mode fortunately.Of course it has no Dolby noise reduction so my Dolby-C encoded tapes sound a little funny.For a mere thirty bucks, this is good deal if you just want to listen to your old cassettes.
I bought my gold iPod mini about a year ago, and was immediately unhappy with a few things: of the 4 GB of memory, only about 3.5 are available, the "12 hour battery" only lasted for about 4, and the earbud headphones didn't work right (they would spurt static randomly during songs). But I figured these were minor things and proceeded to fill it up with music. And I must say it's performed relatively well, except that it tends to "forget" things, like the length of a song, and reassign a shorter length that cuts off the song somewhere in the middle. It's also been experiencing frequent hard drive crashes, where I've had to restore it to factory settings and upload all my music again.Overall, I'm happy with it. It's just those little glitches (and Apple's refusal to reimburse me for them) that piss me off.
The sticky holds my phone in place just fine, but it doesn't stick to the dash well and the edges curl up so it resembles a flat bowl. It looks a little silly to have a bowl on my dash.
Was actually for my spouse.  Not what he was looking for, but as far as the item goes, it works.
These pads are too light wieght for what i bought them for. I can see why they have been discontinued.
I bought a lot better stick on, this is not that good.  I bought other stick on before and Incan say that this is not as sticky as the ounces I used before
This pad is a foam rubber product with a fairly grippy surface.  It may be exactly what you're looking for if you find the &#34;gel&#34; type pads too sticky.  Don't expect it to hold your phone at a steep angle on your dash, though.
The product does what specified, but don't expect much fun from it.The MP3 function is pretty decent, the recorder is good and it does record phone conversations over BT.I returned the product after 3 days for the following reasons:1. BT talk time was less then 1 hour.2. BT voice quality is terrible compared to any other BT headset I used with the same phone. Basically, the other side will always sound to you like they're in a bath room.3. There is no AC adapter, and no regular battery. To charge you must plug it to your computer USB port.
Yea came broke nothing I had to send it back for, but still broke. Duriable for it being a 5 year olds radio. He loves it that's all that  matter.
The product is good for the price you pay but the cassette player was not that great.Most of the cassettes I tried to play on this player did not work well and the cassetes got entangled.It works fine for the CD's.
I do like this product.  I only wish it had bass boost!
I just got this item yesterday via Amazon Free super saver shipping..The product looks atractive but dont look for a quality built..I tried the CD and radio feature, yet to try the cassette one..Sound quality is just OK with little bass and enough treble. I bought this to put on the Kitchen where my Mom can listen to some music while cooking. It is not definitely suitable for your living room. I hear some noise when the CD starts palying or when I change songs.I would say a good buy for background music if it lasts for an year atleast.
I bought this for my work (Chipotle) in the back because we needed a cheap radio.  I'm happy with the price it is OK overall.  The positives is it gets a pretty good signal and is economical but the negatives are that there is not much bass and its not a digital tuner (you have to turn the knob old school style to get the station you want).  The CD player works good though.  And you can use a tape converter thing to play ipods through it.  Its good for the money just be gentle with it
I haven't had the product long enough to form an opinion.  The price is great that if it breaks down, I'm not out that much money.
The shipment was EXCELLENT! The product was ok except for the button operation REALLY needs improvement.Must press extremely hard on them and afraid I might break them.
After using this product a little while the audio cassette buttons no longer worked well.  They broke. Radio works fine.
The record button broke a week after I got this and now the CD player don't work. Won't be buying this product again or recommend it to anyone else.
It works fine, delivered quickly and a good price.  The remote does NOT work but the base is just fine.
Pretty happy w/ this little boom box.  Everything works well, reception is good & the sound is crisp, but very little bass.  If it holds up, it's a good deal at this price.
So, we all know that this technology is way out of date.  But, I must buy a single CD Boom Box for a blind person to keep it simple in operation. This does the trick. Now, whether it will last long enough is the question.  Simple to use. Good sound. Plastic casing. Small size is great. But, must have a gentle touch for the controls.
HAVEN'T GOT TO USE BUT ONCE CAN'T REALLY SAY MUCH. SOUND IS GOOD PLAYED CD FINE.FOR THE PRICE IT WAS A GOOD BUY.AT THIS TIME I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
I needed a boom box with a headphone jack to help rip my old cassettes to digital for use in my car radio.  This seems to be a great product but without a headphone jack it isn't going to fit my needs.
It was ok at the beginning but it did not last long, the cassette case broke. Use it as a radio.
Functions work well but the sound quality is very poor suitable only for a young child.
I am happy and unhappy at the same time.  I received my stereo and was a little confused.  It was suppose to come with headphones, it did not.  It was suppose to have a antenna, it did not.  I can not contact the seller so I will just let people know about my experience.  The good news is that the stereo actually works great, even without the antenna.  The headphones would have been nice (especially since I paid for them).  Other than that I really like it.  So judge for yourself.  I really do not want to return it because it works so well.  I am afraid I will not get anything close to this.  Just wish my items were all included.
I got L1 brand new. I had to add USB 2.0 to my pc in order for HD to be recognized, which was fine with me. There is Audiophile software that comes with it, and is is very cool program - you can even add your own start-up picture (must be monochrome bitmap file in specific size, but I knew how to make one).This unit looks very good, very sleek and has very nice blue backlit with purple backlit under the joystick type button. I had no problem figuring it out fast, although on some other reviews I noticed people complain about being hard to navigate. Not for me.Also, unit comes with calendar, 4 games, fm recorder, but when you record fm song, you must open Audiophile and edit the name (since it just gives you number), plus it will not show up in your player untill you edit it in Audiophile.I really loved the way it looks and it's size.Now, most important (for me) part of this player killed my joy of having this neat unit in a matter of minutes: THE SOUND.If you are average (or even bellow average) portable music device user, you may be happy with it, I don't know.Good thing is that factory preset equalizer sound OK, however closer you are to maximum volume, more distorded the sound is. And I do like to listen at high volume, and even if I weren't, It would just bugg me a lot to know that it would sound bad if I did.Other then preset Eq, other choices are plain and simply total miss. Once you switch from preset one, the sound goes very close to MONO effect, and no matter what you change, overall sound sucks. So, you (at least me) are left with no choice but to use original, preset sound setting, which, again, it may be ok for average user, but not for me.I was really dissapointed that unit can look so nice and not deliver what would be expected from brand new (I think it came out few months ago) 20gb player...Customer service was not bad, at least.Included paper manual has very minimal info on the features, and their website has NOTHING. So, I had to email them for manual, and I got one in Word format, which I could not even open! (Corrupted or something). Then I emailed back and finally got another one in .pdf format, and that one is well made, has a lot more information then paper one the unit came with.So, if you want the very nice piece of hi-tech player (I did not say nice sounding), you may want to check it out. But, if sound matters a lot to you, just pass this one.I am giving it 3 stars only becose it looks nice.If I were rating sound, it would be 2-, looks would get 5. So,I guess 3 would be right to rate it overall.I no longer have it but I kind of miss it, although I know bad sound would just drive me crazy if I kept it.Unfortunitely, this was another proof that NOT ALL IS IN THE LOOKS. Mp3 players are MUSIC PLAYERS, and the way you hear it is what is all about, if you goind to use it often. But it looked so nice... :)
The FCC definately won't be knocking on your door when you use this, much less you being able to hear it more than a foot away.(1) The manual claims that this transmitter has sufficient power to cover up to a quarter mile when connected to an outdoor rooftop antenna.(2) The manual also claims that you can connect your CD player or any audio source to the transmitter.(3) The manual claims that using the included whip antenna is sufficient to cover your house.(4) The manual claims that any radio can tune in to your broadcasts.None of these claims are quite true. Claim (3) is completely false. Claim (2) is false following the wording in the manual. I don't have an outdoor rooftop antenna, but given the honesty of the manual so far, I doubt claim (1) is true. Claim (4) is false following the wording in the manual.(1) Well I didn't try it, but yeah this transmitter probably won't cover a quarter mile.(2) The audio was too quiet when I connected my phone to it. When I connected my laptop's audio interface, the audio was almost completely silent (I heard silence with some music faintly heard in the background). It worked when I connected the line out of a Roku box to it. Transmission range in good quality is only a few feet when using a phone even when using amplifiers. Transmission range using amplifiers and the RCA basic antenna (rabbit ears) when using a line level for me is about 35 yards. 35 yard transmission range is sufficient to cover my whole house on both floors when using digital tuning radios and pointing the radio whip parallel to the RCA basic antenna. Doesn't go as far with analog tuning radios. Only goes about 25 feet with analog tuning radios and only works on the same floor the transmitter is on.The manual needs to tell you that it won't really work for non-line-levels if you don't use an audio amplifier.(3) Traveled less than a foot using only the whip antenna and for best quality your radio's whip antenna has to be touching your transmitter's whip antenna.The manual needs to tell you that you need to use amplifiers and rabbit ears to cover your house.The manual needs to tell you that it won't travel as far to analog tuning radios, especially radios that use only the power cord as the antenna.(4) Does ANY radio tune into your broadcasts? No. Not exactly. Not to mention the fact that most digital tuning radios tune in 200 khz increments, so if you broadcast on the side bands in between (what I do) to avoid interference, you can only tune in on digital tuned radios designed to tune in 100 khz increments. My boom box can tune it (100 khz increments), but my car radio can't (200 khz increments).The manual needs to tell you that it won't travel as far to analog tuning radios. The manual needs to go more in depth as to why its important that you stick to 200 khz increments.Overall, alot of fun, but definately way too confusing for a first kit for the education of the average begginer. I successfully built the kit and this was my first kit, but most people aren't going to solve problems on their own because they are too lazy and will expect the kit to do what they want it to do out-of-the-box once built with no further effort on their part.
It is a good kit. It does the job. However, it does not come with a mic. Getting the right mike and its components signifies another mini project, more time, and a bit of more money. The shipping charges are stunning.cj
It would take a lot of fine tuning and a really clean power supply to get it working.  I did enjoy putting it together and learning all of the components but it really is not functional for day to day use as a tv transmitter.  Beside everything is digital tv now and the analog signal that this trasmit is low quality and may not be supported by very many tv's now.
First of all, when I buy some kit to assemble, I expect it to came with schematics and brief explanation how it works. In case with this one, you get only directions where to which part place and that's all. No internals schematics, no explanation how it works. If anyone wonders, how this thing works, it uses LM567 Tone DECODER IC. And yes, since this IC is only DECODER, to use it as ENCODER, as kit advertises, you need to soldier additional transistors, resistorc, etc. So, right out the box, you won't get ENCODER function.To be short, I bought pair of these, to use as encoder-decoder set, to send some commands over the wires. After looking into schematics, I've discovered that I'll need to soldier additional parts, which aren't in the kit. This is not a problem for me, but maybe problem for beginners.
After suffering through one too many skips on my CD-MP3 player, I started looking for an MP3 player that would allow me to pack about 5 hours of music for the occasional car trip, and errands about town.  What I liked about the iClick player was that it was very small, a breeze to get files on to and off of the player, advertised decent battery life, and was priced right.I would have kept this player but for the one thing it lacks -- a random/shuffle feature.  It gets really old to turn on music and hear the same five songs over and over, and I just don't want to fuss with flipping through the tracks to get where I left off.  I even contacted the manufacturer who got back to me right away to confirm that there's no shuffle feature.If it had the shuffle, it would have been perfect.
I've previously posted that these headphones are some of the best I've ever heard. A bit pricey, yes, but super-lightweight, and so lush in their fidelity that "bass boost" tricks aren't needed. With this set, Bose adds a CD player which on first glance is pretty pedestrian, not worth the extra $70 or so. The "Bose special" features are a large display that display artist, title, and CD title when opening a CD-R full of MP3s. (See the images I've uploaded, the display is that for the retailer demo disc.) A "Browser" feature lets you find other tracks to play, without interrupting the track currently playing. You can add tracks to "MyMix," a far simpler method of "program play," and YES you can do this while playing. Buttons are large and easy to press, "spin noise" is pretty quiet, and in all this is a nice player. Not as portable as others, but perhaps not as easily disposable.If you're shopping for the headphones, consider finding this set for a few dollars more. Comes with a handy carrying bag and 5' extension. Does NOT come with a stereo phone/2.5mm plug converter, which is an oversight considering the base Triport 'Phones come with one (hence the 3-star rating).
It becomes a stack of plugs and falls off the sockets. Its is cheap and works though.
This is a good MP3 player, but it has some down sides. I paid 90 for it in december 04, so i really can't be upset, but it lacks features. I went from the iriver to this and when you compare the features, it is weak. Pro: 512 space for a great price. USB Flash Drive. Easy to use. Cons: It doesnt have a auto resume. so if you shut it off, and want to replay the song, it will start from the beginning again. The battery Life is terrible. It lasted 4 hours on the batteries that it came with. I was soo mad that i brought some doller batteries hoping that they would last me an additional hour because i needed music to get home, and they lasted 30 minutes. Now i use rechargeables and when i put them in, the battery life jumps to half. These arent cheap batteries, but Energizer. It will not give you a low battery warning ether, it will just cut off. It will not display the full title name if it is long, no Sub folders, The list could go on. It is a good mp3 player, but dont expect alot. I'm Glad i only paid 90, instead of 120.
Over all the concept of this MP3 player is great.  It combines FM radio with a MP3 player.  However downloading from itunes was a challenge.  We found out through trial and error that we had download from itunes onto a CD then transfer to the MP3 player.
I am amending my previous (now deleted) review after spending the majority of a day learning how to use the player.The print instructions that come with the player are severely lacking, so it can be very frustrating trying to figure out how to use the player based on those instructions alone.  However, the player comes with a CD that contains a more detailed set of instructions that you can download onto your computer.  I would recommend doing that first.What's good about this product is the sound.  It's incredible.  It's size is both an advantage and disadvantage.  It's small enough to make it very convenient for traveling.  But the screen is very small, making it difficult to read. Even with my glasses on, I still cannot see all the screen details that well - or at all.  I like the toggle switch.  It's nice to have what you need to operate the player in one central location.What could be improved is tech support.  It's virtually non-existent.  A toll-free number is provided in the instructions; however, no one answers the phone.  You have to leave a message and then wait days for someone to call.  The best bet is to leave a message on the manufacturer's web site forum tech support board.  Someone usually answers questions there.The ear buds are too big.  I cannot keep them in my ears.  They have a good sound, however.The first day I got my player, it froze up on me twice.  This problem appeared to be related to a song I downloaded from a music store online.  It also turned itself off one time while I was recording.  I don't know if that was due to operator error or the player, although I have heard of this happening to others (and not just with the JetAudio player).This is the first Mp3 player I have owned, so I have nothing to compare it to.  However, as I became more familiar with the player yesterday, I grew to like it more and more.
I read the review by CNET, which appraised its high sound quality. I was disppointed after I played it. With my Sennheiser PXC 250, the sound seemed to have limited bandwidth. I just returned it at the end.
I have had my LDP 600 for about 3 weeks. I have spent most of the time trying to figure it out. It is difficult to use. I have been unable to select a specific folder (album) to play. I would like an MP3 player that is easier to use! There has to be easier to use MP3s out there! Don't buy unless you have the patience to figure it out. The manual is not helpful. Online support is not helpful either. I even called on the phone and was not able to get an answer.
Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  ilikethis.info/ipod-nano
While it holds a lot of MP3's and has good audio quality, the menu options are a bit cumbersome.  For instance, if you want to see all your file folders you have to hold down on the navigation button and then somehow scroll with the left button.  It's really hit or miss.  Sometimes I can get it the work and other times I can't...gets a little frustrating.  I understand that they want to have fewer buttons, but it's hard to scroll through the folders.  Other than the buttons, I like the mp3 player...probably not the best option for someone who is starting out with the technology of an mp3 player because it's not all that user friendly.
I had this player for about a week before returning it. The reason? FM transmission was very weak. There was not a single car radio that could receive this signal when transmitted from inside the car. Only when the tranmitting attenna was 1 inch away from the car attenna would reception work. Top level support at Lexar says this is not normal and a replacement should perform better, though I am now going to try something else. Also, the volume is loud enough in quiet areas, but not in planes or buses where the max still did not bring a loud enough signal. This was with files ripped by Windows Media Player 10. Otherwise sync with WMP was excellent and navigation was not bad once you tried it a few times. Sound quality was excellent, but this player inserts a pause between tracks which is annoying for live recordings. I did not have to reset even once.
Pros:-Lots of room for my classical, pop and radio broadcasts I've recorded from the internet.-Decent sound (though I recommend using different headphones)-Drag and drop functionality. I didn't have to install software. It shows up as another hard drive and you can create folders using Windows Explorer-Great features like a sleep timer, equalizer, different types of stereo, shuffles, etc.-Battery life is MUCH longer than the FY 200.Cons:- It does have a flimsy case. I wonder how long that is going to last. It feels fragile and cheap.- You have to remove the player from the cover in order to use the USB connector.I haven't had any of the freezing problems that others have reported (though it seems that almost every player has reviewers who make the same complaint.) I don't take these complaints seriously because who knows whether the review's computer has a software conflict or whether they've ever done a Scan Disk.Update: After 3 weeks or normal use, my computer does not recognise it when I plug it into the USB port. After a call to the service department, it seems that the retractible USB connection is broken and will need to be fixed, at my expense.My advice is to pass this one by for something that is less flimsy and will stand the test of time. It's a shame. I've had the FY 200 for a couple years and have been happy with it. I only bought this for the extra storage.
(...)Day 1: All excited I plug it in my 'puter load it up with songs & comedy, walk the dog....it cut's out. Restart, doesn't leave me where I left off (some Lewis Black rant). I fart around with it to get it back to where I was, listen for another 10 min or so and it cuts out again. Tried taking out the battery etc. but this went on for a couple days (kinda like Lewis Black).Day 3: I return it, get the next one on the shelf. All excited I plug it in my 'puter load it up with songs and comedy (not Lewis this time, just in case he is the virus that caused my MPIO woes), walk the dog....it cut's out. This time never to start again. I go back to Best Buy!Day 4 thru 30: The 3rd one is still going strong, good thing none left at Best Buy!
I bought this MP3 player about one year ago, and before my dog chewed it to pieces, it served me well. While it may FEEL cheaply made, its not, although I doubt that any MP3 player can remain intact after being attacked by a 2 year old Lab. I found it easy to use, after I realised that it works on your computer like a USB storage device. The one gripe I have is that the battery latch broke after a few months. Also, avoid the included software. It will only make your life a living hell.
By far the best sounding sound-machine I have ever heard, that is its strongest feature.The Sound Soother 50 is a nice machine, it looks great and has some very nice features, but it also has some problems that a machine for this price should not have.Pros- Excellent sound. This is the most important feature in a sound machine, and I'm glad Sharper Image delivered this.- Great look. It's got a metal grate and looks modern. It's a slender somewhat hefty system that feels as though it has technology packed into it. Nice.- Remote control. Great idea.- Nice range of sounds, good menu to choose from.Cons- You can't tell which sound effect is playing from the machine. It's on the remote. But let's say you are navigating thru the menu system in the remote, and want to remember what sound you are on. You have to wait several seconds in order for the system to let you see it. Just the way it's designed.- The remote feels kind of cheap. It's got a bubble pad under the buttons, and they kind of skimped on the quality here. Pressing a button "pops" the menu to the next selection. That is not a soothing action.- You can't access preset selections from the remote. You have to navigate thru fifty selections and it gets tedious after a while.- There's a LOT of extra white noise in many sounds. I think the quality of sounds varies tremendously. For example, in the "Coin Chimes", there a TON of white noise, but in the "Songbirds" there's minimal white noise. Why? Where's the quality control?- Some of the sounds re-cycle painfully quickly. In one of the rain sounds, it recycles in a matter of seconds. What a disappointment to spend so much money on a gadget that they could only record a few seconds of a sound! Give me at least 30 or 60 seconds please before recycling!- The volume is not gradual; there are fixed volume gradations and the lowest volume is not very quiet. If I were trying to sleep, I would want it lower. They should have given us a volume dial that had infinite settings. Instead they made it digital and limited your ability to fully control the unit.- Way too much white noise.Overall, I think Sound Soother Fifty is the best sounding machine that I have seen, but the limitations are severe, making the unit only slightly better than average overall.From a usage point of view, this machine does not deliver. It's expensive, but I would have rather paid $50 more for a better machine without the limitations rather than be force-fed some of their stupid design decisions.The back of the unit it says "Designed In USA. Made in China".I would have expected better design. I do expect the cheaper construction.
I bought the VHD-5000 for myself last week. Seemed to be roughly what I wanted, a low-frills mp3 player at an attractive price. But after a few days of use I noticed the following shortcomings:1. It occasionally crashes (freezes up) and you can't do anything to restart or reset except find a paperclip or a toothpick to insert into the tiny reset buttonhole.  Annoying but not tragic.2. You can add files loaded with your mp3s but if there are too many songs in one folder, it seems to max out and not all songs are available for selection. Basically, the files are stored on the drive but they are not accessible when the player is activated. Again, not tragic but certainly an unattractive downside.3. Similar to the above, even though you can max out the 5GB or drive space, it looks like you can only access 28 folders of music. I maxed out the 5GB with about 50 albums but then noticed that only the first 28 I dropped in are accessible when the player is turned on. And to make matters worse, there's no easy way to switch which 28 you want to have available. You have to plug into your computer and do some manual file deleting and adding etc to change it out.  This is probably the most annoying aspect of this player, in my opinion.4. Since #2 and #3 above appear to be firmware related, I was hopeful that I could get a firmware upgrade from NHJ via their website and circumvent these problems. But the website didn't seem to be working. I called tech support and the message said the number had been disconnected. Hmm. A little research reveals that the company went bankrupt and now appears to be out of business. So there is obviously not support available.In the end, I suppose this is just confirmation that there is no such thing as a free lunch. It seems likely that Target bought a boatload of these things when the company went under at firesale prices and is now unloading them on the public (through Amazon and their own stores) at an apparently excellent sticker price.All of the negatives aside, though, I give 3 stars because it's a nice simple player with good storage capacity at a decent price and will probably work well for those who either have a small music collection and/or the patience to work within the player's constraints.  For all others, caveat emptor.
ok I would give it 1 but since the glasses probably strain your eyes like every other virtual whatever. but it is a cool idea so 3*
I was surprised for anyone to say this was, Sony TCM-400DV is a good recorder - especially for the price.The speaker is smaller than another Sony cassette that I have, therefore, the voice play back istinny sounding; and the volume on its high pointer - is still low.  The only good thing is it has acounter.  I am sending this back.  If I am going to have this type of quality, then I expect to payless.
I bought this model to replace a Sony TCM-500, which I liked very much.  This new model, however, is not made as well and doesn't have the same quality as the 500.  It also does not reverse itself, which is a very important part of recording with it since I usually need 1.5 to 2 hours of recording time, sometimes more. I have tried several brands of tapes and Bias I and Bias II, but the reproduction is not as good as the 500.  The price, however, was very good and despite my complaints it is well worth the money.
This product was obsolete when I bought it. I didn't realize how bulky it was. I purchased this over four years ago.  Don't know why Amazon wants me to review it now.
Fairly impressive for the price. Here are my observations so far-Pros:* Inexpensive* Decent sound quality* Simple to use* Plugs directly into a USB port* Tactile-rubberized exterior* Interesting lanyard/headphone combinationCons:* No playlist support* 8.3 DOS-style filenames in display (makes it hard to tell which song is which)* Switch for navigating menu/modes seems intuitively backward- pointing left navigates down a list; pointing right navigates up* Appears to use USB 1.0 for file transfer (which much slower than USB 2.0- probably not a big issue for a smaller player such as this)I haven't found a way to categorize songs by artist/genre on it yet, although the user guide mentions it can be done (but the directions don't describe how).Fixing the cons would make this probably the perfect player for me, but I would guess the expected price increase for these improvements might detract from its attractiveness. Did I mention it was inexpensive?No major regrets so far- I like it, overall.
This is a very no-frills player. I've played around with it for about a month.The controls, sound quality, construction, battery life and file transfer speed are all adequate, for the price.My only major criticisms are:The music files need to be stored flat in their single Music directory. MP3's in subfolders did not appear.There are repeat modes but no random/shuffle modes. It is not clear how the player decides what order to play songs in.The sound quality at the very beginning of a song is not good- the first couple moments are slow or choppy (observed for both mp3 and wma formats, ripped at 128 kbps)Documentation was non-existant. I had to accidentally discover that the toggle switch could also be pressed inwards, activating the main menu for the device (where voice recording, equalizer settings, and other options exist)Update:I recently discovered that DRM-encoded music, specifically wma formats that I purchased through an online music store, WILL NOT PLAY in the iClick DMP9.2 player. I contacted the company and they verified this. As the technical information makes no distinction between DRM and non-DRM wma files, this was a surprising discovery. I cannot recommend this product unless you are not interested in utilizing music files purchased online.
I bought two of these players for my sons, and they worked very well for a few days.  One of them stopped working, wouldn't turn on, and I had to send it back.  Amazon was great, and sent a replacement immediately.  Shortly after, the second one stopped working, and then within one week the replacement player stopped working.  This product is very defective.
If you expect a lava lamp type of lamp made with a laserpointer beam and some LEDs, you'll be happy. If you've seen youtube videos and expect a planetarium-like display or something akin to a disco mirrorball effect all over the ceiling, you'll be majorly miffed. Those videos are artfully filmed and highly misleading. This light is very soft and pretty to lie in bed in a pitch-dark room and gaze at. The mechanism is quiet so you could fall asleep to it. I suggest you put a cheap timer on the outlet though as instructions say to not run for longer than 4 hours.
A lava lamp for the 21st century?  I don't think so.  I have to say, I have found this Laserpod rather disappointing.  For all the talk of a variety of LEDs and lasers in the unit, it basically projects all of two colors, red and blue.  You need an almost completely dark room for the LEDs to show up on your walls and ceiling.  And the height of the taller diffuser (enabling a self-contained light show) doesn't seem well chosen for the pattern of lights cast.  IMO this little light show can't hold a candle to the Mathmos Space Projector or even the Homedics Color Therapy light cube.  Perhaps if the Laserpod had a variety of differently colored LEDs and lasers I would find it more interesting.  As it is, my feeling is -- ho hum.  Next!
The FM modulator works great, but the cable is low quality and will most likely need replaced not long after purchase.
Overall, this could be a great mp3 player, but they left out one very critical option.  Each time you turn on the player, it starts at the main menu.  You have to navigate to the album and song you want.  In other words, it doesn't remember where you were last time you used the player.  This is annoying when listening to music because there is no natural progression through the albums.  It is intolerable when listening to audiobooks.  It takes forever to find the place where you left off.Other than that, the controls are easy to use, the player looks good, audio quality is good, and you can expand the memory with SD/MMC memory cards. It has a line-in jack for making your own recordings.  It has an FM radio built in, and comes with an FM transmitter for playing through your car radio.  I haven't listened to the FM radio much, but it seems to work well.  The transmitter also works pretty well unless you are in a large city.  It can broadcast on about 6 different frequencies, half at the extreme low end of the FM band and half at the extreme high end.  You just need to find a frequency that is not in use in your area.Also, this player does support Audible format for audiobooks.  If you use Audible, this would be a good choice as these files are bookmarkable.  If your books are in mp3 format like mine, I recommend getting almost ANY other mp3 player.You should also be aware that there is no printed manual with this player.I tried writing to customer support about the issue I have with this player, but their support page has a canned set of topics geared to sales rather than support.  I still would have left something, but they want too much 'required' information about me before I can even do that.  Hopefully, they will read this review and take it to heart.
Despite Amazon's description, the package contents listing, and Creative's own website description, there is no neck strap in the package of the Zen Nano Plus.When I contacted them, Creative support stated that "A neck strap is not provided with this product". You can, however, purchase one from them for $10.This is a pretty shady move on Creative's part, and I am a little wary of purchasing another product from them because of this. If you do not need a neck strap, this will not be an issue for you, but if you want one, or just want the package to contain what it says it contains, you should look elsewhere.
I have been using this since a week or ten days and found the following glitches with the product. If you have songs in different folders, and want listen songs from another folder , you need to restart the player.Isn't it annoying? especially when you are running/walking. The software comes with ,help you to organize the songs, but if you create a folder accidently, you cannot delete it. The battery life is around 10-12 hrs not as advertised.And some of the best of the products are Good sound quality, FM radio, lightweight. If you can live with the drawbacks, the product is good though not a masterpiece.
I absolutely love the sound of this radio.  I use the radio in my office in DC.  There are over 20 possible HD stations in the area but I can only receive 2 of them.  The good news is I have been able to pick up normal stations that I couldn't get before. I have owned my radio for over a month now and just recently I noticed that when I insert my headphones plug into the jack, it no longer stops the music from going to the external speakers.  I get music in the headphones and the external speakers.
Well, it's cool to be able to hear some of the digital stations not available on an analog radio. But the FM sound quality of this radio is no better--and sometimes not as good--as the little analog Bose radio, which is about the same price and same size. And the Boston Acoustics remote doesn't work if it's held a little above and about 15 feet away from the radio. A minor point, but the Bose remote works great at that angle and distance.
This radio had a great sound. --on the stations I could get.  I only live 20 miles from Philadelphia, yet I could not get reception on my favorite HD station which is based in Philadelphia. Maybe the station needs to have a stronger signal, but for now I'll just listen to it on my computer.
Gotta love the sound of HD radio. Ditto for the way the unit looks. But here is the problem: there is a glitch in the control program; I know this because I sent the unit in because of the problem and was sent a new one (different serial #) and it has the same problem. About three times out of ten when I turn the radio on there is no sound. The volume is up and the station is tuned in. If I cycle though AM, FM, Aux and back to AM everything is fine. I'm going to live with it because the sound is sooo good. Duke Masters4/18/08 Update: I have had much trouble with this $300 radio. It was replaced once and the new one has all the defects of the first one and more. I now have to slap it to get it to play. It also has to be cycled through the modes to get AM radio. The company has discontinued it and that says it all. I have asked them for a refund or credit this morning we shall see if they respond. KDM
After being spoiled by the superior sound quality and recption of an earlier model Boston Acoustics (non-HD, mono.) radio this one was disappointing. I think they tried to cram too much technology into such a small space.
I bought this HD Radio for my Aunt for Christmas. She was upset that Smooth Jazz was gone from the Philadelphia area for a time and couldn't find any other station she enjoyed, the HD Radio seemed like a good fix.  She likes the sound quality and has found enough stations to satisfy her, but I feel the radio stations need to broadcast more HD stations with stronger signals.
I rate it four stars, (the three stars was an accident and I can't change it now).  I received my radio as a gift, and as a clock radio it works well, you can set the time and the turn-on volume separately for each alarm.  I am in north Jersey, so NY has lots of HD stations, I found at least 7 or 8 the first day, and they all have HD2 and even HD3 stations.  I welcome the additional variety that NY now has with the HD2 stations.  I don't listen to AM so I can't tell you about that.  On the down side the radio does have too much bass unless you turn it up.  The volume adjusts from 1 to 100, and for any setting below 30 the bass is too much, from 30 to 46 it starts to clear up, and above 50 it sounds great.  The presets are not as nice to use as many other radios I have used, but not counting the bass thing, HD radio does sound better than analog radio.
20 days after my 90-day Radio Shack exchange warranty expired, I now have the "upgrader" problem with my m500. Reset button, removing battery, turning it on & off - no combination of these actions makes it work again. "Upgrader" first appeared on the screen after a normal data transfer using Windows Explorer to drag & drop about 15 mp3's. This pushed my total count on the m500 to 1004 with approximately 1G of storage remaining. So "upgrader" can't mean a full HDD. After a normal data transfer the m500 would integrate the new data, finalize & reboot, with meters showing the progress. It never got past finalize this time. The meter was half done & the player shutoff. I assumed it was rebooting but it froze on the Motorola logo start screen & after 30 seconds "upgrader" appeared. I'd read all about the "upgrader" problem & was keeping my hopes up that I wouldn't encounter it. Tech support wasn't much help since they only ask you to utilize the same futile tasks. To their credit tech support was friendly & offered to ship a replacement m500 once mine was deemed worthless. Be sure to have all your purchased music backed up somewhere because the m500's HDD is inaccessible once "upgrader" appears on the screen. I only hope the replacement m500 I receive isn't a re-formatted player with a prior "upgrader" problem. After all I didn't hear them say I was getting a new m500. Hopefully when I register the replacement serial number I'll know for sure.By the way, iPods aren't immune from these issues either. I know several people who've sent their 20G & 40G players back to Apple. The only difference is they get back the origianl player they bought, presumably doomed for future maintenance due to inevitable problems with HDD players.
Basing from the gadget's description this is a great gizmo!Using an earbud? How about wireless? Bluetooth?  Then it'll be twice an excellent gizmo.
This product is good but not the upto the standard. Its very hard to cope up with the settings of the device. It has one level folder creation (Multi level is not supported). That is a sort of disadvantage.Overall, I rate it as an average device
This is one of the least expensive 512 MB Mp3 players on the market and there are several brands that have this same player. I used one for a while that looked exactly like this and assumed they would have basically the same functionality.However, that did not prove to be the case.Here are a couple of common features that are absent:-The "Lock" feature - typically you are able to lock the buttons so that you don't change songs or accidentally turn it off-Automatic turn off - This model will stay on indefinitely
I don't understand why you sent me this items with a difference of weight, so I had to pay more that I expected.
This product is very small and easy to use but the complexity of the buttons and the scroll on the side gets crazy when you want to get to the song you want fast. Also you have to go through the whole library to find one song instead of going to a specific album and finding it. The sound quality and over all satisfaction is there...its just a mp3 player...not a cure for cancer. lol
Music quality relatively good. Radio OK.  Display is a bit hard to read- it isn't bright enough, and a lot is compressed into small space. It takes a bit to understand controls, but they work OK.  It  is a compact and convenient player. It holds about 5 CDs.
The MP3 Player is not a bad deal for about $53. It is everything I expected it to be, except it drains batteries like there is no tomorrow. A Triple A Duracell will only last approximately 3 1/2 hours.
I bought this MP3 Player about a month ago. It took a while to figure out how to get it to download, but now that i know it's so easy.  I'm not to impressed with the button to turn it on.  I tossed it in my purse to take it home with me & it turns on to easy. By the time i got it home my battery was dead. So for the lack of ease for carrying my MP3 I give it 3 stars.
What I like about it:*It is a decent value for the price*Compact size*Very easy to load music*pretty good sound quality, I think, for the priceWhat I don't like about it:*Not user friendly! I can turn it on and off with no trouble, but I still cannot figure out the menu even though I am following the poorly written instructions!  Getting it to play music is frustrating!*Not good for carrying around in a backpack, purse, or pocket.  Even with the lock button engaged, the power still goes on and drains the batteries.*No customer service or help that I can find.  I've looked online and can't find anything.  As I said, the directions are terrible.*The earphones are pretty good, but they hurt, because they are a little bulkier than other mp3 players, and they don't stay in very good.*I couldn't even use it with Windows Media, even though that is recommended in the instructions and I have the most recent windows software.I will keep using it since it was so cheap and the music sounds good, but when it stops working, I would not buy this same player  it again.
Product quality is good considering the price you pay for it. I would expense a little bit more to get a better product.
I bought two of these for my kids for christmas.  I have had no problems copying cds over for them to listen to, however I cannot seem to find downloadable wmas that will work on them.  Please let me know a list of sites that you have used.  Thank youmkdelong@ptd.net
It's really cute and in expensive, holds more than enough songs for a good work out.  But it keeps shutting its self off.  I've made adjustments that seemed to fix the problem but it's happening again all after only a few uses.  Maybe it's just a battery problem, so I'm not quite ready to write it off yet.  If I can fix this issue I'll update my rating to more favorable.
Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  [...]
I bought two of this product for my children. One works fine and the other just stopped working.  When I got ready to send if back, it was working fine.  I still sent it back -- hoping I get a better one next time.  Amazon return system if fantastic though!  I notified them yesterday of the problem and my replacement is already on the way!  That's wonderful!
The sound quality of the product is OK. It is what you expect from a MP3 player. The problem is the AAA battery required to operate the unit runs out quickly and you need to replace it very frequently.
For the price, this unit is a pretty good deal.  It sounds great and seems to work OK.  The only "problem" is in the function selection.  If you just want it to play back the music you stored, fine, but if you want to change the playback curve or have it repeat or do a random selection, it isn't the easiest thing in the world to finagle the button(s) to get where you want.  Just takes some patience and practice.
While the player itself is easy to use and works well, the earbuds that came with it are garbage.  One set quit working after 3 days and within a week the other set fell apart.
Over all not a bad MP3 player. Unit was purchase for a ten year old who enjoys it. Low cost and functions had me sold, sound quality is not bad. Need to replace headphones.
My Trio mp3 player works pretty well.  The instructions were severely deficient, so you're on your own to figure the device out.  The major problem is trying to get your [...].  Don't count on it.  So, if you get a good price, without a [...], then its a decent mp3 player.  But if you are buying it based on the after-[...]price, look for another product.
O.K., you gotta give 'em credit for looking cool.  But when it really comes down to it, its the sound that counts.  And that's where I was a bit dissappointed.  Do to the small speaker size, the sound is lacking in the low end and comes across a bit tinny.  There's plenty of power behind it using the AC adapter.  If you use a regular iPod through the auxillary input line, you can boost the iPod's base which helps.  All in all this will be a great little cubicle filler, but don't expect it to be your primary listening source at home.  And its a great attention getter sitting on your desk.
Nice Speakers, loud, tone is good, but they need grill covers to protect the speakers from damage. I had them 30 seconds and when removing the unit from the box, pushed on the speaker and creased it, without knowing that they did not have grill covers installed.
In my year of owning this product, I have had it serviced two times.  After awhile the cord gets a short and the unit doesn't operate anymore.  If I had to purchase this product again at this price, I'd pass and wait for better version from Griffin.
Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  ilikethis.info/ipod-nano
Ok, got a deal from TRU.com stating it was 24.99 for this at half off, I called 12 locations nearby, and found the pink one which I wanted, display model (in case, wasn't ever touched other than person who put it in there) and came homeWasn't as the store stated in the ad, plus I couldn't get the ear buds that came with the player to stay in my ears. It is a really a nice design though, the pink being very soft suprisingly, with almost a velvety feel to it. I LOVE the fact that the player you just open one end of it and plug it into your pc vs lugging out one of too many usb cords that I already have, though it does come with a usb cord for back of your pc hookups too I suppose. Plus the voice recorder is a big plus. I opted to purchase the additional 2.99 (along with the sale price) 1 year warranty from TRU in case it dies, I can get a replacement at no additional cost.This will be going back for the FM Tuner MP3 player that they show in the ad though. If I cant find it, I might just keep this one though, it is really nice and compact, with no frills buttons that get me where I need to be.Another thing, the cd that has the software on it, is one of those 3" cds, I dont know if my pc will even read it, but I've heard some computers can't recognize them. Just passing that along too.
Do not know how it is. was estimated to be here on the 22nd for Christmas But it is the 24th and no MP3.False advertising Shop now get it for christmas.I do not think so.My sons Mp3 is 300 miles away.This is what is great about the usa I do not have to come back and shop here agian.Thanks for the time and hope it works.Rob Davis
ProsOverall, I'm happy with it-- I've had it for several months. The sound is fantastic-- better than the two other MP3s we have in the family. The earbuds that come with it are superb. It allows up to 192 kbps in MP3 or WMA and sounds great at that level. It's got a lot of nice features on the menu such as a sleep timer which I use at night, several sound settings like Rock, classical... that actually makes a difference in the sound. The radio is fun, but I rarely use it.ConsBiggest con for me is that it will freeze your computer if you try to use it with Real Player. Also, the battery life is terrible. Seems like every time I use it the level goes down a fourth. Part of the problem is that the screen stays lit even when it's supposed to be dim. I use it as a flashlight sometimes when I don't want to wake anyone by turning on the lights. The scroll feature is cool, but I hate it that the play button is part of the scroll. Are you pushing the play button or scrolling? You can't tell unless you look at it because it all feels the same. When you are scrolling, you accidentally hit play. Also, right now if you try to use it with the new Windows Media Player (11) it will crash your computer. Their website says they are working on updating the firmware. Transferring playlists is impossible unless you select automatic synching which puts everything in your library over to the player whether you want it to or not. At least I haven't figured it out yet.I know there are a lot of cons, but I do like it in general and use it a lot more than I thought I would. It sounds fantastic and I haven't had many technical issues with it so far.
The mobile is the typical mobile. Someone needs to redesign it with sneakers, balls and jerserys. Pehaps more color instead of the white. The bears are cute but its not eye catching. I was thrilled however that it arrived quickly and packaged correctly for shipment.
this isn't one of the best built pieces of equipment ever, but with gentel use (and some new ear buds) it will last for a couple of years.  had some problems when i first got it and had to reformat and download the new firmware, but other wise fine.  all and all, i say that it's pretty decent.  has enough memory to keep me happy (i keep about 40 songs on it at one time and there is still plenty of space to move docs, ect.)  would like to see a better fwd/back button next time.
No surprises here. Only issue I have is how loose the connection is, as it often takes some wrangling to connect properly, a problem that seems inherent to the design of this type of charger. I have two car chargers and a usb dock that all suffer from a loose connection. I've spent some time cleaning and tweaking the bend of the connectors with little success. This specific product is of decent quality and is still very much worth purchasing.
I got this player at an incredible price, so I'm not sure I'd pay the listed price here.  I would say it is worth spending around $30-$40 max for it.  It is not as slick as the new screens and displays, but if you just need a little something to grab and go, you got it.  The sound quality is great, just as good as my sister's $150 mp3 player.  Transferring is easy and fast, charging is comparable to all others.  Display gives you more than you think.  Benefits:  can also use as a jump drive. very small (pack of gum); Drawbacks: supports only mp3, wma and wav files. no fancy readout.  Overall, a nice basic unit.
This device is a foolproff way to make your JPegs totally portable with excellent clarity. A perfect product, but battery life sucks and sound quality way behind an iPod.
[...]  I'm afraid that I'm not very impressed, but I come to the Wolverine after setting up and extensively playing with a friend's ipod nano.  The Wolverine came with lots of cables (good), and a ridiculous carrying pouch with an external speaker that more than doubles the size of the unit (bad).  The unit itself is rather large and seems to be fragile -- it doesn't look like it would survive a significant fall.  The current firmware (v 1.2.4) is not very good.  When I'm playing a video and try to go back to the file listing, the screen goes black and the unit needs to be powercycled or reset.  The data itself is all there, it's just that the unit won't display the file listing until it's powercycled or reset -- you would've thought that would've been ironed out during QA testing.Pros:nice screen, decent sound quality, rechargable battery, lots of cables supplied, easy file management (no Itunes required!), 7-way memory card readerCons:flaky firmware (keep a paper clip handy), bulky size, sparse manual, lack of sensible holster or armband to tote the fragile looking device around, limited playback options, costI'm tempted to rate this 2 stars because I am disappointed with my purchase, but I'll give it 3 on the hope that future firmware will render it more stable and usable.Jan 8, 2007 update:  Later firmware releases *did* tremendously improve the stability of the unit!  If you're having the kinds of stability problems I mention above, you can get the latest firmware from Wolverine Data's support site: [...]At this point it's been over 8 month since a paper clip was needed.  The Wolverine has also proven to be fairly sturdy, although we still haven't performed a drop test, and certainly wouldn't want to risk it.
I brought this Keylogger (KL) one week ago.  It looks very nice and is as small as you can see in the photos (or even smaller). The construction is very solid and there is not external labels or identification about what is it. No software installation required nor included.  Excellent.The problems started when I tried to test it in my home's computer.  When I first tried to use the KL with my HP Pavillion computer with a Microsoft Multimedia Keyboard, the KL did not work.  It can't record any keystroke or even run the administration software.  The keyboard works normally, but nothing more happend. My first thought was that the device was damaged.  Only for make sure before to call to tecnical support, or return it, I tried it in my office's computer (HP Vectra with HP Keyboard) and it worked exactly as advertised.The software includes a option called "NETPatrol" which search "http", and other "interesting" strings inside the captured text.  Of course, this can be done too by downloading the buffer into any text editor, but is a nice feature in a so small device.Besides the problem with my Multimedia Keyboard I think this is a very cool gadget.
I bought the MVIX a couple of months ago.  Although the unit has worked fine, it DOES NOT play MP4 files as indicated in the documentation.  As a result I have had to convert ALL of my video files from MP4 to DivX, as one of the formats supported.The documentation is a poor translation of what seems to be Korean language.
The voice recorder is very very bad !!! It works twice and now it's not working....Bad battery life.....I'm not satisfied totally with this product.....
The best part about this transmitter is that it works with so many different ipods, you don't have to worry about which generation you have. It's also super easy to use, although you wouldn't want to be driving if you need to change the channel. Of course it works best outside of urban areas, where radio signals aren't as strong; great for road trips.
This was the second FM transmitter I purchased since the previous one of a different brand did not work well at all.  This Belkin did not work well on my Mother's car stereo and was about to return it until I tried it on my car stereo. It worked great on mine.  I drove a 20 mile distance with clarity and without having to change the FM station once.  I am thinking it depends on the stereo and location and not so much this product that may cause problems.  I'm satisfied.
This speaker system has pretty good sound for the price, but i cannot get it to charge my ipod, which is very frusterating. I can work the controls perfectly fine while its plugged in, and its very portable. But if your looking for something that will charge your ipod, then you might want to consider something else.
The unit has good sound and is very lightweight and eminently portable. I love the way it folds up, and it takes up almost no space on my desk. The only drawback is that it doesn't charge my iPod at all -- I think it actually drains more batteries than listening with headphones would. It's still a good deal without the charging aspect.
The FM transmitter works well enough if you keep the device close to the radio antenna...this is not necessarily near the radio.  This might explain why so many reviewers are giving this device low marks.  Please note that this unit will work with a 2nd gen iPod Touch; however, it will not charge the device.
When i bought my Vision:M i realized that this little guy is important for transferring media from the computer to the player. But because of its size it can be easily lost (I haven't lost mine but i see how it could happen). For that sole reason alone it is helpful but it takes FOREVER to charge the battery and for a while it was a bit of a nuisance to let it charge completely.So here's what i boil it down to: If you're putting stuff on VERY good! Charging VERY bad... you'd be better off with the wall charger which is sold separately but... it does the job and does it well. Good luck!
The Adapter seems to be an OEM item and fits perfect!  However, my Zen Vision:M MP3 player is still not working.  Once I get a new battery and really try out the product I will make a real rate.  Was shipped very fast!!!
It's a charge/sync/output connector.  It works as advertised, and the seller delivered it quickly (faster than I expected, in fact).  I had to order a replacement, since I lost mine.  The one serious design flaw in an otherwise outstanding portable media player (the  Zen Vision M), is that it requires this small, easily misplaced, doo-dad in order to actually do anything with it.
I've had this case for a good while only because I haven't gotten around to replacing it.Good points:-The access to the USB connector on the bottom is wide enough to plug in and get out conveniently.-The case is a sturdy plastic and I have dropped this a couple of times with no cracks or damage.Bad points:-The hole in the top is only good for pretty much the earbuds that come with the ipod. I had to open up the case to plug in my Sony MDR-V600's because the hole was too small.-This unit has a flip top. So you have to slide your entire Ipod in through the top. The fit is so tight that on the way in the case scratches the Ipod face and the Ipod scratches the inside of the case making the view to your screen a little foggy. Good thing this comes with a screen protector, otherwise I'd be pretty upset with this. I use Displex to polish down the scratches on the body.-The silicon clickwheel protector is a good idea in concept but in reality it feels like poop under your thumb and it attracts dust which makes it feel "gritty".The long and the short.. I'm not that happy with the case and I'll be trying Griffin iClear Case next.
The first one Amazon sent was not fully functional on arrival, but I returned it, and the replacement they sent works fine.It's not the most high-tech mp3 player, but it works fine for my 9-year-old niece's needs.It lacks all the cool features I would want in an mp3 player, but for the price, it seems a good deal.
one worked and still worked but the other worked for a day or two and stoped.
I purchased this MP3 player for my 8 year old daughter.  It was very easy for her to use.  The size is larger than some small players (Creative Nuvo).  I did not need to use the included software, as our WIN XP computer picked up the extra drive just fine.  It does hold more songs than listed if you save at a lower-quality sound setting.  This is a good choice for someone not yet ready for a better quality and high capacity player.  One drawback is that the music is saved in one folder, and you have to scroll through all the songs to get to a particular favorite.
Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod Video 60GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  ilikethis.info/ipod-video
It was not compatible w/the new mediaplayer and media center that my new comp has. Unable to use it as I could not download music or info so I saw my self obligated to return it but the looks is a 10
Shipping was prompt and item was fairly inexpensive.  Once received, the item had a slight dent in the bottom lower corner and I had trouble getting the player charged. Most likely a problem with the rebuilt player itself, as my store bought player has no problem of recharging.  All in all, the player itself is wonderful and user intuitive, but there were some problems with the rebuilt unit itself.
I bought this iRiver because my music library was all WMA music files.  I had previously owned a 256 mb iRiver (which I really liked) and was looking for something a little bigger. It is all right for an mp3 player, but after the newness wore off, I became more disappointed with it.  First of all, to charge the player, you have to attach the adapter to the usb cable.  So, you end up having a mess of cables and always have to use two just to plug the thing into the wall.  Charging time is pretty fast though, but it seems like the iRiver sucks a lot of the battery when it isn't even on.  That leads into my second frustration with the iRiver.  It has a standby and an off.  You have to hold down the power button for several seconds before it goes off.  Sometimes you think the iRiver is off, but it is really on standby and your battery goes down even faster.  Third, it seems like forever to start up.  I think my computer starts up faster than this.  The buttons for play/pause, forward, and back are on the side and aren't really user friendly.  It does synchronize with Windows Media player well, and it plays your WMAs.  The color screen is nice, you can load your photos, but it won't show album covers. This isn't a bad mp3 player, it just wasn't what I was looking for.
i bought this box and it came without controls and all other accessories even though it was bought used i think your suppose to be giveen the controls if anything so sofar iam not pleased with deal or no deal
Pros:- very clean interface, easy to use- great image quality- much more responsive than other receivers I've had (flipping channels, especially off-the-air ones, browsing the guide)- it's great to simultaneously record a show and watch another on the same tvCons:- Power hog! Unit gets very hot and does not turn off. It goes into "standby", but still sends a TV signal and uses virtually the same amount of power.- Slow to boot- Dish network requires unit to be plugged into a phone line to prevent extra charges ($6/month).
I've had this unit since they were first released, about a year or more ago.  For the most part, its worked as advertised.  I sure wouldn't call it garbage but it has a definite problem with the HDMI connection and it is definitely a physical problem, not a software problem.  I confirmed this a long time ago by simply pressing on the cable at the HDMI connection, and presto, I got the picture back.  Its not a software problem or cable problem, etc.  It is a manufacturing defect.  So far, DISH has not done anything about it.  Their recommendation was to use the component video out connections.  Not acceptable response in my opinion.My only other complaint over the time I've owned it is that the unit has rebooted itself a couple of times and at least once I lost everything stored on the HD.  But other than that I have been happy with the quality of the recordings and the reliability of the scheduling and programming.  DISH has continued to upgrade the software on the unit and while its not Tivo level, its getting closer with every upgrade.If not for the HDMI problem and the occasional system crash, I would give it 4 out of 5 stars.  No one should be without a DVR in the day and age and the VIP622 is about average for what's available, plus, you can lease it from DISH.  No big up front investment in a technology that is evolving rapidly and that you will probably want to replace within a couple of years.  That may be the best thing about it!
This box just died today.  I had it for a week.  It just keeps resetting itself.  When it worked, it worked well but I think it should of lasted more than a week? Its not an overheating problem because its in a temperature controlled cabinet with lots of air circulation. It runs very hot so make sure its well ventilated. Kudos to Dish Network customer service.  They are sending me a new one.  No satellite for about three days..that stinks. I'll update with how well the second one works.Update: I gave a whack to the side of this nonfunctioning component and it came back to life???  It just started working again until my new one arrived.  The new one has been working great for the last few days...no resetting or overheating. Not sure what the original problem was but it started the day it was installed so I'll assume it was a bad unit.  Just to mention, I didn't buy this unit on Amazon. It was free thru Dish with a 2 year contract.  The units Dish gave me were refurbished...so good luck.***On unit #3..It's been 3 weeks and everything is OK..the prior one lasted about 1 month. Dish Network replaced without a problem..just a trip to the local UPS store postage paid.
I have the CD-IB100II connected to my Pioneer DEH-P7400MP head unit (circa 2002). I'm using a 5th generation 30GB video iPod.I looked around in some internet forums and found some instructions to retain iPod's clickwheel control while connected to this adapter.1. Turn on the ignition while the iPod is not connected to the CD-IB100II.2. Turn on / wake up the iPod and return it to the main menu. Stop playback if music is currently playing.3. Press and hold the Play/Pause button on the clickwheel. Wait for a second*, and plug the dock connector cable into the iPod right before the screen backlight fades to black. Release the Play/Pause button.If successful, the iPod's screen will remain off**. Now press Menu button on the clickwheel to wake the iPod. You'll see the "Safe to Disconnect" screen scroll away and returns iPod to the main menu. Now you can use the iPod's clickwheel to select songs / playlists / videos (I wish you wouldn't while driving) / EQ settings, while allowing the iPod be controlled by the headunit.If the iPod is left connected to the CD-IB100II, you will not have to repeat the above steps at each ignition-on cycle: the clickwheel control will be retained until you unplug the iPod.*The exact timing may be difficult to grasp, especially if the iPod has been sitting for a while and needs to load files off the internal hard drive. I find more success when plugging in the cable right before the backlight on the iPod begin to fade. If the iPod comes back on displaying the Pioneer logo, and the clickwheel is inactive, unplug the iPod and repeat step 2 & 3. There is no need to cycle the ignition.** In some rare instances, the iPod comes back on automatically while retaining clickwheel control. However, if the Pioneer logo shows on the iPod screen, the attempt is unsuccessful.---Pros:1. Good audio quality2. Charges iPod3. Skipping songs using the Pioneer head unit control is quick and snappy4. There is an additional IP-Bus connector for your Pioneer CD changer, or a line-in cable.4. Installation is straight-forwardCons:1. Scrolling through artists/genre/playlists on my headunit is painfully slow. When scrolling, the iPod insists on loading and playing the songs immediately in that category. I suspect this is the primary reason for the sluggish scrolling performance. Stop the car and use the clickwheel on the iPod instead.2. On my head unit, I can only have the Forward/Backward button perform track skip, or fast forward/rewind, not both. (This is controlled by a menu option on the head unit. If I choose the track skip option, pressing and holding the forward button on the head unit does not fast forward the track, only skipping to next track)3. Only displays one line of song info, and only displays the first 8 characters. (On my head unit, I can only have one piece of information shown on the head unit such as artist name or song title. Scrolling can be done on demand only by going into the F3 menu and holding either the up or down button on the head unit for 3 seconds)4. Most of the head unit controls I'm used to, such as the Pause button and Title Scroll button, will not work in the iPod mode. They have to be done in the function menu. Very inelegant.3. The dock cable plug is huge. It will probably not clear the dock connector opening in the hard plastic iPod case you may be using. (I have the Showcase Video 30 by Contour Design. The plug does not go in unless I unlatch and open the case slightly.)Most of my gripes about the unit may due to the fact that I have a head unit that is not iPod ready. I feel many of the features are poorly implemented. However, being able to concentrate on driving safely and not fumbling with the iPod to skip tracks made me keep this unit.
I purchased this interface with the Pioneer 5700 DVD.  I am using the 5700 to control two MA amps, Boston Acoustics separates front and rear and an MA Subwoofer.I have two iPods.  An 80 GB 5th Gen with Video, and an 8 GB 2nd gen nano.  When I use the 8 GB nano, the search function (scroll) on the touchscreen works OK - not screaming fast - but OK -...when I use the 80 GB iPod, the search function (scroll) is choppy at best.  I imagine this is the difference between a hard drive unit (80 GB), and the flash memory unit (8 GB nano).  This makes it very cumbersome to search through play lists.  Not cumbersome enough to toss the whole thing out...but cumbersome.In addition, I was surprised to find out that only songs on the iPod can be played back through the 5700.  Why not video or pictures?  It seems to me that if you are making an iPod INTERFACE...that the head unit (5700) attached to the interface would have the same capability as the iPod itself. - that was VERY disappointing. - if DVD's can be played through the head unit, why not videos off the iPod...or at least photos???Although a bit slow, the interface does allow the user to search play lists, genre, artist, album, and so forth...The interface does function - it just falls short of my expectations - thus the three star rating.
This works pretty good, but there are a few things that i would have liked to change. You cannot control your music from your ipod. Really clear audio, just the control stinks.
can freeze (5% of time) if press buttons too rapidly and cant fast forward or rewind unless you go thru 3 sub menus
I have an Pioneer AVIC-D1 Navigation System, and this adapter works with it but it's functions are very simple. Like it won't show the complete name of the song, and to find something you can only go up or down. But I don't mind, I use my playlists on my ipod
I like the size and style and features, but seem to be having trouble either with the charger or battery. There is no information in the instruction booklet as of the manufacturer or warranty or where to get service.
MP3 is fine. FM reception is poor; too much static noise; could not get clear station unless you have to stand still.  Controls are very confusing and the user manual does not help much.
This was a great charger while it lasted. It would charge my Zen very quickly like you would expect from a good charger. I also liked that you could listen to your Zen while it charged. Sadly, this product is very fragile. It fell onto a hard wood floor from about waist height and broke on contact and was not reparable. I expected this thing to last longer than it did. That sad story out of the way, this is a great charger if you can be gentle with it. Do not drop it or throw it around or  you will easily break this great charger.
Despite the photo showing adapter plugs for international travel, the product number is the same as the US only one for sale on Creative's web site.
As it is only a power charger it performs that task well.  The only issue I have with it is the USB adapter that goes on the 3.5mm plug to convert it toUSB is very wide so when I use my Creative Zen Micro with my set of portable speakers I can not use both the 3.5mm connection to the speakers and the USB connecter to charge it.  Not a huge deal, but they could make the adapter a little smaller, like the original one I purchased from Creative.
The sound is great on this speaker, however, the system after 30 days will not work on batteries and the unit gets extremely hot.  Will be notifying the manufacturer.
I have purchased three other chargers in retail stores and ended up returning all of them because they would not charge my Zen.  I finally ordered the actual Creative Labs product and it DOES charge my Zen.The only thing I am unsure of yet, is if it will charge AND play at the same time.  I have tried it and it seems to charge but I'm not sure if it really is charging. I rated it a 3 because it is quite a bit more expensive than other chargers in the market.  If it ends up playing AND charging at the same time, I would rate it a 4.  (PS - delivery was very prompt.)
I purchased a Creative Zen player a year ago.  The mp3 player did not come with any charging units.  I don't know why they (all electronic suppliers) do this, I guess to sell more products to people buying their products.  It was rather inconvenient anyway.  I purchased some after marker chargers before I bought this at a better price and found that these chargers did not work with my player.  After further research I found that for the Creative products you had to purchase their chargers.  So needless to say I found one of these on Amazon.  I now can charge my mp3 player from a regular 120v outlet in my home instead of just from my computer through the USB hookup provided with the player.  I'm happy now having this charger but not happy that it wasn't included with the player.
I also had the suggestion by Amazon for this band for the U5 IAudio player.  Won't work, sorry, not going to work, no way this will work. Not dinging this for the construction or the usefullness but only for the fact that it won't work with the U5. It's well made, just won't work with the U5.
the product. it is good in relation to the price. but it has a defect. the button to handle... is extremely debil... is united or broken with facility... is necessary to have silk fingers. removing that.. walks well....
I had a 256MB version of this same MP3 player a few years ago and I really liked its ability to change song-speed with no pitch shift (I used it to slow down songs so I could figure them out on guitar, and I could probably do lecture makeups on it at high-speed now). But the best part of it was the recording quality: I could pick up pretty much any voice in a room and used it to record a couple car rides and meetings. The sound is scratchy, like listening to an old LP, but I could hear everything both in the car rides and in meetings.I bought this one to be able to record things on the fly, and I'm very happy with it so far. It's been through the wash once, I just took the battery out and let it sit for three days, and it's been working fine. Battery life is pretty bad, but it can probably record for a few hours straight, and doesn't lose its memory if you take the battery out. All told, I think it's a GREAT 1GB voice recorder for seventeen bucks, and while I'm worried that I won't actually make use of it now that I have it, it's good to know the capability is always there, riding on my keychain.  For music playback, the time it takes to skip backwards or forwards is almost unbearably long, and it hasn't been able to use folders like I wanted it to (though that might be my problem on the computer side, since it worked fine on the 256MB version that I had before I lost it).
WHEN I RECIEVED MY MP3 PLAYER I WAS EXCITED BUT I SOON REALIZED WORKING IT WOULD TRULY TAKE SOME PATIENCE. IF YOUR COMPUTER IS WINDOWS 98 OR HIGHER YOU DON'T NEED THE DISC JUST PLUG THE PLAYER IN AND THE ICON WILL POP UP I WAS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING MY COMPUTER TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE PLAYERSO I USED A FAMILY MEMBERS LAPTOP AND IT WORKED PERFECTLY. YOU THEN JUST DRAG AND DROP MUSIC. NOTE: USE EITHER ENERGIZER OR DURECEL BATTERIES ANYTHING ELSE LAST ONLY AN HOUR OR LESS( BATTERIES)MAKE SURE THE PLAYER IS OFF WHEN YOUR DOWNLOADING MUSIC TO IT.
This buckle is a fantastic gift for someone who has everything or is just hard to buy for, but loves a gag. My dad thought it was pretty cool, as he retired to work as a ride operator during the summer at a local amusement park.However, you may have better success and more fun programming your VCR than programming a message into this beast. It has three buttons, and that's it. I was hoping for a mini-USB plug or something, but no dice. In order to program, you have to set the message you want to program, go to input, then proceed to scroll through a list of letters (a-z and A-Z), numbers (0-9), and symbols (?!/-, etc) to input your message one character at a time. Want to preview your message? No. Want to scroll back and see what you've done already? No. Want to edit a message you've already input (misspelled word, etc)? No way, Jose. It really is one of the worst user input interfaces I've ever seen and my dad has an understandably terrible time with that part.Neato factor: AUsability factor: F-Average: C- or 3 stars
nothing fancy, they work. they are a bit of a pain to install.if i were to buy again, i would pay a few more bucks.
I have had this transmiter for about a year. A month ago, the plastic on/off switch broke off and exposed the internal metal switch. I used a pen to push the metal switch on and off. Since I don't have the invoice, I paid $15 shipping and handling + postage to have it repaired.Overall, it works well. The sound output isn't high (loudness and quality). When I work out in the gym, I have to set both my media player and my Motorola S9 headphone to maximum volume. When I use my Motorola S9 with my bluetooth-enabled phone (without the Zoom), the sound quality is much better.
This device lasted me a good 2 years, before the casing started to break on me. I'm really good about not dropping my devices and this device started to break up on the top where the on and off switch is. It's bulky but it works like it is supposed to. I wish they can make one that is a lot smaller.Functionality: works perfectlySize: too bulky
That's a good bluetooth device, good power and length reception. I'm use it with my PDA (Palm TX) and headsets Motorola S9, it and works excellent. the only thing I don't like it is I can't forward or back to another track or use pause mode. Only volume control. That's wired....
This unit paired flawlessly with the Zoom HiFi Receiver.  Only gripe is that has to be charged via USB cable, there is no wall charger available (I checked their website).  I have a series of USB port replicators so at home charging is easy.Since most USB wall chargers are 5V, on the road I use a Motorola cellphone charger.  Zoom website does not specify the volt/amp rating for this product, so I have no idea how this will affect the longevity of the Ihifi transmitter, but it works so well that if it burns out I'll just replace it with another one.
This battery MIGHT work great, probably does, BUT ... they did not make it clear that in bulges out from the back of the casing. In fact, it provides a new rear battery cover because of this. That would be great, but it won't fit in the cradle of the aviation GPS navigator I use the HP unit for, with the new batter and cover. So I had to return it.
my girlfriend brought this over .  I really like it. I just use the crickets (sound) and just orderd two more. can't see anything wrong with it . sounds have a little white noise in background. but not bad enough to put it in a yard sale...
Battery is a good replacement, but does not last as long as original did.The quality of the product appears to be good, but it just does not last as long playing.
There are a lot of fancy, expensive mounts out there for your ipod, cell phone, etc.  But I don't any of them does a better job than this simple beauty.  The vent clip is genius and actually worked very well in my '06 Malibu.  Very secure.  And this thing grips both my cell phone and my Ipod Mini very well.  Maybe it won't last very long and that's why it's so cheap.  I could see the spring loaded pop out arm breaking after a while, but this thing is so inexpensive, it won't matter a bit.  I'm thinking of buying a couple of spares in case it is no longer available when and if the current one breaks.Edit (9/1/2010):I bought two of these a couple of years ago, and they both broke.  The spring loaded arm won't stay locked in place anymore because the plastic teeth on the gear that locks the arm broke off.  I wasn't too upset, because they only cost me a couple of bucks plus shipping.  Now they have gone way up in price and are no longer a good deal.  Spend a few more dollars for something that isn't junk.
The telephone holder only works if the telephone is not plugged into the charger.  The charger cannot be used because of where it connects to the phone.  That spot is covered by the phone holder.
good:-its very money saving get it for half the price as nano-it seems to play songs fine-small, nano sized-fm radio is easy to use-photos can be viewed on itbad:-manual is not easy to understand-should replace the tiny screws with something that would hold better-smaller headphone jacks so its harder to replace-USB cord is hard to plug into the player-you can only use one application at once (cant play games and music at same time)-the front of the player looks quite cheap-mini disk that comes with it is half in chinese
Hi Im from venezuela..I have 3 questions..the first is if the MP3 is Apple??..the second is the MP3 Player has ear phone?? and the third question is that I want to know if the MP3/Mp4 has warranty..if the answer is afirmative I would like to know if the warranty could be used out from USA??...speciffic used in venezuela..If yes please let me know the specif place where I can go in venezuela for it..Thanks...
While the looks and sound on this machine are above average, the performance and quality are sub-par.  I bought my unit over a year ago.  I ran across the same problem everyone else with newer iPods has with the JBL, its inability to play a selected song to wake up to.  I got around it by renaming the song I wanted to play (using iTunes) so that it would be the first in my library.  No problem.I'm currently on the hunt for a replacement for my JBL due to a "bug" that has popped-up recently.  The speakers will repeatedly (and randomly) actuate during the night, making soft static-y popping noises (like the alarm is about to come on, but over and over).  It wakes me up every time!  When it happens, it could be only once, say at 1am, or over and over, all night long, in 45 minute intervals.  After reading the other JBL Time Machine reviews, I'm glad to know that it's not just MY alarm clock that's psychotic!  Needless to say, I won't be replacing it with another JBL, especially at close to $200! For the money, this brand has way too many "bugs"!  Just say NO.
I chose the JBL Time Machine because i needed all 3 functions - clock, radio and ipod player. The radio reception is not great AND the CLOCK LOSES about and HOUR A DAY!!!I need to return it.
I was hoping to help my view while outside. The effect is minimal. It has a nice texture and does offer some glare assist. My biggest complaint is that my Note's pen has scratched the cover! Its ok, and I would probably buy it again because I enjoy having texture on the screen but it would be nice if it would last longer.
The install was easy and getting the bubbles out was no problem.  There were a couple of odd imperfections in it, however, that left a couple of slight raised areas on the screen.  After some work with a credit card, they are almost completely gone, and small enough that I can live with them.however, the anti-glare creates a less clear screen than other anti-glare protectors i've used.  Also, it shows fingerprints and smudges worse than the clear version, so the matte finish looks dull and dirty all the time.All in all, I probably wouldn't buy this again, based on this experience, but I'll keep it unless or until I find a better alternative.
This screen protector does the job, but you can still see finger prints and smudges even though it says you wont. It scratches extremly easily! No problem with bubbles if you make sure theres no dust on your screen. Fits perfectly on at&t galaxy note.
I bought this to listen to music and audio books while in the pool. The quality of sound is good, but operation isn't exactly intuitive. Very hard to see the directional arrows near buttons, and the buttons aren't as responsive as I'd like. Easy to load music and books onto device. I'd buy it again if I couldn't find anything better in its price range.
Unfortunately, the sound matches its size. It's clear sound, but the deck-of-card-sized speakers don't perform sonic miracles.On the plus side, it's easy to get your ipod in and out of the case, and the case really is water proof. Seems that if you're in an environment where the ipod will get soaked - like a pool or in the shower - you'd need the volume cranked up louder than the eGo will go. When I used it in the shower, the water drowned out the music - I don't think that makes sense.It's great if you want portability and will play music at low volumes. I personally would have lugged around something twice as big in exchange for twice as big sound.
This worked very well for the shower and the pool. However, I took it to the beach on a vacation so we could have some music and the sand ended up destroying it. While no water ever got on the ipod, the sand seemed to be able to get into the speakers and into the nooks and cranies. If you plan to have this from home use this is a fine product but it cant really much more than that.
EGO 25906033 Waterproof Sound Case with Speakers for iPodYes, if you do not intend to use ear phones with your IPOD or plug in headphones, this case is super.  However, if you want to use this to protect your IPOD and you do use headphones you will find yourself removing the IPOD each time.  I suppose it would be difficult to make a waterproof case with access to the earphone jack.  Other than that, this is a very handy item so that you can protect your IPOD and have speakers as well. Not sure it is worth the asking price though.  Given that I do use headphones and am constantly putting the ipod in and taking it out for headphone use, I would have been better off getting a protective case with access, and having quite a bit more money in my pocket.
The product was a gift.  I am not sure I would like it but my daughter and her husband wanted it for Christmas.  The seller was great.  He or she communicated when they were shipping and it was a smooth transaction.  I recieved the item promptly and in good condition.  I only felt that the speakers were not strong enough.  I am wondering how they will sound outside.
This is a great idea and the best deal I've found for waterproof speaker systems but could use some improvement...The speakers are not really loud enough for my liking, especially for a float trip.  I've only used this twice and have found the battery life to be very disappointing as well.Also, the box shows this floating in a pool but the instructions say 'Do Not Submerge'.  While I never intend to SUBMERGE it, I am concerned about how well it will actually protect my iPod on a float trip, which was my original purpose for buying it.
I've gone thru 2 of these....they last for awhile, but the gaskets around speakers corrode and water gets into the speaker area.  Of course, I live at the beach and I'm sure it is the salt that is corroding the gaskets.  Works great around the pool, but as far as floating it in the pool, not so much....when water covers the speakers, you can't hear it!  I've returned both of these and am looking for something that will last this time.
I ordered this to use with my aquatic classes. The product works, the controls are easy to manipulate, but the sound is not loud enough for a pool environment. If you are using this docking station at home, it will perform to your satisfaction. But in a public pool, it just didn't produce the sound we needed.
It's pretty neat out of the pool, but in th pool it tends to sink a little too much cusing the speakers to fill up with water and making it hard to hear as clearly as when it is out of the pool.  Still a cool product...just needs some improvements.
This product really is waterproof, no problem there at all.  It comes with inserts to accomodate different size ipods or mp3 players.  One down fall is that it doesn't play the music very loud.  It is good if you are in your pool by yourself or with a friend and want to have the ipod player near you in the pool.  It is not ideal for a party, it is not loud enough.  Unique toy though!
I purchased these for my mom for mothers days two years ago ($49.99 then $549.00 now LOL) We used velcro to attached them to her kayak. she loved it! Now after two years the rubber around the speakers has dry rotted and the company is out of business. It was a good product for a couple years but Never in a million years worth $549.00
For some reason the door won't stay shut for some reason. I had to tape it shut.
i prefer the hubs that mount to the machine. you can then mount and dismount the reels leaving the hubs on the deck. these do, however, fit well and accomplish the purpose; at a very reasonable price.
I applied this to my iPod, and the only part that stayed was the larger, main screen guard. The smaller covers for the spinner fell off within the day.I'd go for a different product if you want complete coverage, but if all you're looking to cover and protect everything except the spinner, then this product is a good pick.
The product is good - but it doesn't like a bulky case.  If you have an otterbox or the like - you may be disappointed.  I have to strip my phone naked to fit in the belt.
I don't normally run with music. However, on my long runs I like to carry my phone and other important stuff. The zipper in the back allows me to carry my credit card, id, and chapstick. I would recommend this, although if you aren't used to running with things around your waste it takes time to get used to.
I like running with this belt, it is comfortable, easy to adjust and sits nicely under my running jacket. But... the Velcro used to close off the phone pocket sucks. It comes undone on almost every run and my phone has fallen out a few times. i have taken to checking every mile or so. I am planning on adding a snap to correct the problem.
I bought this to work out in conjunction with some bluetooth headphones. It's a little on the cheaper side with the tension adjustment piece and the velcro to keep it closed. I've had my phone fall out while working out on the soccer field. Nothing a tape job couldn't fix but still a hassle the first couple times. If you purchase this, expect to have to tape it up or apply some safety pins.
Bought this for my Droid X. The product itself seems to be pretty well constructed. I have now run around 100 miles with it, and have yet to see any issues or manufacturing defect. I will say this though--it does not comfortably fit the Droid X. I can get it in there, but it barely closes, and the plastic screen protector bends up from the screen due to the tight fit. This isn't a deal breaker, but their advertising is a bit misleading.
Good idea, but execution is slightly less useful than expected.  The major flaw is the lack of retention of the belt during vigorous activity.  The spandex-like belt actually slips out of the buckle and the belt falls off!  This creates a buzz from your fellow participants, not to mention adds a bit more wear and tear on your expensive ipod as it crashes to the ground/floor.I've sewn the end of the belt together at the buckle to prevent the belt from falling off, but, of course, this prevents any adjustments to the length/fit of the belt.  This is just a potential problem, since I'm the only one wearing the belt.  I hope my waistline doesn't change for the foreseeable future.We'll see how the makeshift solution works.
this belt is okay.the cloth is good and it has an exquisite feeling to the touch. Just loved that.but it could have at least one more pocket to hold keys and another for the earplugs from the ipod.
Great for jogging or bike trails. The plastic screen seems a little thick but the smart phone still receives input through it just fine.
The problem with the tune belt is the clear window sticks to the iPhone screen.  This is a major issue if you have a screen protector on the iPhone.  The sticking results in difficulty removing the iPhone without pulling off your screen protector. Just get the other tune belt without the window.
(Scroll down for update)I purchased this product with the intention of using it as a ski mount to use around my chest (with belt extender) while I ski. I plan on turning my iphnoe around backwards so that the 1080P camera is facing outwards.Since the product has not arrived yet (shipping is two days late, Tune Belt won't pick up the phone or return my emails) and I NEED it by tomorrow night, I will update this review assuming it gets here tomorrow. You would think paying for faster shipping wuld get it here in the time allotted.We shall see but my expectations are high.Update coming ASAP.Rating: 3/5UPDATE 1:The Tune Belt got here and it is fantastic! I can put it around my chest over my jackets without the belt extender and it is pretty stiff. My worry is that it will slide down when I ski but I won't know about that until tomorrow. Expect another update.
This is fine for its purpose but I think it can use some tweaks to make it better. If you get it at the right price I would rate this item as adequate.
It's accesible through the plastic covering. The only downside is moisture accumulates so when removing it, the front of the iphone sticks to the plastic and if you have plastic covering on the front of your phone it will lift. If anyone has a solution to this please let me know. Other than that it is perfect. It has a little pocket for cash and your id.
Gave this to my running buddy as a gift.  She loved, loved, loved it until we were running and her iphone when skidding across the pavement.  Not good!  A belt is a great idea, especially for women because the armbands seem to be too big and bulky.  However, the velcro is too week to keep the iphone in and MUST MUST MUST be reinforced before you run!!
I just got this item in the mail today and I do like it but I have a few design issues. 1) The velcro should go all the way across the instead of a tiny piece for closure. I- Phone cost $199 and the last thing that someone needs is to have a phone case damage your phone. 2) The shipping and handling cost is very dishonest. I got an email that stated that my item would be sent via UPS and I was charged nearly $5. When my item came in the mail it had $1.88 postage. If I had known this I would have gotten an armband from Walmart for $20 and would have gotten it the same day.
...I just wish it included a screen cover of some sort.  I consider that to be the part of the Zune most susceptible to damage!UPDATE:  What seemed like a good deal at first has now gone sour. Steer clear of this one if you use the Charging Dock!  You have to remove the case to put the Zune in the dock, and the case has already started to tear at an inside corner after repeated removal and replacement.  I'll be looking for a sturdier model next!
The MP3 player works great, and it's easy to copy music onto it. It's definitely waterproof, and I've used it swimming. However, the waterproof headphones just don't crank out enough sound. I'm not sure if I'm not inserting them correctly, or what, but at our indoor pool facility the volume just doesn't go up loud enough.So if you are planning on using them in a noisy pool, or you need loud volume, this isn't so great. For other activities though, with non-waterproof headphones, it's great.
Okay, this is a decent product....not spectacular, but decent. It is small like the Ipod Nano, but unfortunately does not have the touch-finger pad like the original. This item has (rather awkward) "push" buttons. Thus far, I have been unable to catagorize my music, so to get the song you want, you must scroll through tons of your music. If you're looking for a cheap MP3 player just to store your music, this is a good product at a decent price, but if you want quality and easy accessibility to your music, I suggest you look elsewhere.
This case looks great, seems to be made of a good quality leather, and the player fits it like a glove, the problem is you have a hard time operating the controls simply due to the thickness of the case, but great price so if you really want leather and you want to take time to get used to reaching the buttons it would be ok.
The bad thing about it is that only works very close to the radio, meaning that it has low frequency power. Also dreins all the battery within 3 or 4 hours, so youll need to have a charger. Nonetheless it works well.
These chargers work but there is no feedback. They were bought to charge a Garmin GPS (which didn't come with an AC wall charger). It is less than 1/2 the cost of a 12VDC adapter from Garmin.When the GPS is connected to this charger it "thinks" it is connected to a PC and the display on the PC is frozen  because there is no communication between the two-- you have to guess about the level of charge obtained. To do this disconnect and shut down the GPS. Turn it on again to observe the level of charge! This does NOT happen when plugged into a 12VDC source (such as in your car or a 12VDC power supply).I would rate it higher if I bought it for some other purpose!
I used this on float trips to listen to my mp3 player.  You definitely can't submerge it in water and I don't know if it's the quality of sound on it or on my player, but it doesn't get very loud.  After one use, the prongs that hold the piece with the batteries busted & I had to tape it, which doesn't work too well.  It's okay to use once in a while, but I would prefer a better quality to be able to use much more.
Nice addition to my MP3 Player.  Great service in delivering this item in a timely manner!
This remote works well.  But it comes with no clip to attach somewhere.  A remote in my experience has to have some way of attaching to a person's clothing or backpack.  If i had known that this remote didn't come with a clip of some sort i would not have bought it.It has 6 buttons and 1 switch.  Built in Microphone near the headphone portPros: Affordable, Works well, Built in MicrophoneCon: No Clip, Small buttons, Telephone button?
Ok, I got this product because my car doesn't come with an iPod jack installed (sad for me) and after looking around it seemed to be the best for the price. For the most part it is. My biggest complaint is that the remote stopped working about a month after I got it (and I changed the batteries and everything) making it very hard to operate from my cigarette lighter/car jack (it sits low so I have to lean over to fiddle with the iPod controls manually now.) The remote was one of the big appeal factors for me since I knew it would be a port like device and would be slightly out of reach. So now that the convenience factor is no more I am wishing that I bought something with a longer reach. When it comes to the tech stuff it allows you to switch through different channels and those all work pretty well with fairly well sound quality. Again this product is just Ok. It probably wouldn't hurt to spend a little more to get something with a longer reach.
Loved it, but then it started to devour my tapes!  Sad OLD technology.  Still fine for CDs though, but I specifically bought it to play my innumberable and favorite tapes!  Whine!!!
Until it died completely after only a few hours use, it seemed to work fine and meet my expectations. The buttons could be more clearly labeled. I just got a replacement from J&R; yesterday. Hopefully, it will last...It's a little funny looking but not obnoxious or too large like so many of these things and it has in iPod input.
I picked this product up specifically for playing MP3 podcasts burnt to a cd. The podcasts play, but are cut off part of the way through. They are usually an hour long each and seem to cut short about halfway through. I'm wondering if it has a max length it can play for a single mp3 before it freaks and skips to the next one.Anyway, since that was the primary reason I purchased it, I'm a bit disappointed. Otherwise it seems like a good product.
this boombox is a pretty nice little machine.  for the price.  i like that the antenna slides all of the way inside the machine - so that it isn't as likely to get broken.  this is one of the big problems i have had with boomboxes in the past.  outside it doesn't have the greatest sound...but is certainly sufficient.  we have enjoyed it.  for less than 50 bucks - it is well worth the purchase.
I got this boombox to play music at work. I admit it is very good sound from small platform, but it doesn't play mp3s  without skipping toward end of cd.
I really like most aspects of this camera.  The photos are high quality, the videos are really good and the zoom is very good.  However, the bottom is rounded.  Trying to take a timed photo with no one holding the camera is a pain.  Additionally, there is no place where you can attach a stand.
Wasn't expecting much for the $20 I bought this for. Happy that it charges my iPhone 3GS . ( with the USB cable plugged into a pc,  not the 110v). The sound quality is not great.  Hence the three stars. I'm used to this with Philips products  but nonetheless the line level signal from my iPhone has sounded better .For my garage it will do and it hasn't broken yet.
They have good sound, not much is expected for its size, for some occasions we want to hear music with friends, works well. I recommend you do not want to spend much money. If you are looking for potential speakers this is not an option.
This is a nice leather case for the Zune HD. It is well crafted and I like it, but it doesn't have a belt clip or anything, so if you need that don't buy this one.
I bought one black, one pink, and one blue. The black I had no problem with. The down arrow on the pink didn't work, and the blue wouldn't turn off. Neither of the colored models would read the 4 gig SD cards I was using. I returned them and ordered two more black models; both worked great. Maybe the colored units will only read a smaller card such as a 2 gig. If that is the case, maybe the product description should say so. That is my only complaint. Over all the black models seem to be a very good buy. I am also happy with Amazon for their customer service and the handling of my return as well as the promptness of Blue Proton on the second order. Definitely would recommend (the black model...lol).
I had a little trouble even getting it to work.  I used Windows Media and picked the Syncronize Tab and saw "something" indicating a download but it wasn't complete until I clicked sub tab "Syncronize Now?"  . I think these were the tabs .After loading up about 16 hours of music, I had to read the manual a few times to figure out how to operate it .  It suppose to work like a tape recorder with the 4-button square . I have to push the volume buttons twice to work .  The only way I know to turn it off is to push and hold the lower right button .I bought the AC adapter with the IC chip to prevent over-charging .  I can hook up to my speakers with a male to male 3.5mm stereo plug .  I can run it 24 hours a day doing this .It is very small and light.  It would be very good for a portable MP3 device .  For now I am glad I bought it.  You might want to get a bigger one that is easier to use .
It works fine s an mp3 player. Not ghood for much else, but that's all I waned anyway. Rechargable too.
This product will work, if you wrap your iPhone in a clear wrap product first, I purchased an iWrap system. By wrapping the iPhone first I created a snug fit in the case that will do 3 things: 1. keeps the case from flexing which I believe leads to its self-unlatching 2. keeps out small particles 3. if a small particle does get in, the phone won't scratch.I don't use the belt clip because I don't like hanging $400 off my person. But I did try it and found the clip useless. The belt clip that doubles as a stand, unlatches from itself and goes into stand mode allowing the phone to swing out from the body. Not good! What is good, the clip is removable.Also, if you buy this case you won't be able to use the iPhone docking station.  You will have to purchase a USB sync cable.I still like this product for the following reasons: 1. Aesthetics of the iPhone are preserved 2. Plastic acts as an additional shock absorber.
A great way to store your pictures.  256mb holds around 500 pictures: a bit much.  Finding 128mb, which is a much more manageable size, is difficult.  Make sure you get a little plastic case for each card.  I didn't, and can't find them anywhere.
As a standalone sleeve, the product does a good job. However, the belt clip is large and bulky, causing the sleeve and iPhone to stick out dramatically from your hip. Mine would constantly catch on the seat when getting in and out of the car. The clip was also very tight and difficult to open and close over a belt. After only two weeks of use, the belt clip ripped from the back of the sleeve after a snag. The sleeve and phone went flying across the asphalt and the top of the phone (where there is no protection) was badly dinged.  Marware offered to replace the case, but I've kept the sleeve, using it as a pocket protector.
Buyer beware! This recorder does not come with an ac power cord.  And a call to Radio Shack was futile... they don't carry any.Anyone have feedback on a source for one that is compatible?
Received in a timely manner and love the cord it works great.  The shipping time didn't take long and I like being able to use my iphone or ipod with the cable in my car to listen to tunes.
this cable is really overprices for the quality of it, i bought a cable from mediabridge that was much better quality and cheaper then this cable as well as being 1 foot longer.
Great cable and fits with most covers(cases), but horrible noise over radio.  I do have newer vehicle, but interference was too much and bought different cord for car.
Dind`t pass the used I though it was going to give. Needs to be much more stronger.
sound quality is low have to jack the volume up on iphone and car stereo appearnce is really nice looks very high quality
Like most Monster products, this one, I feel, is quite overpriced.The quality is good but not good enough compared to other regular cables to warrant the price. There really isn't anything special or proprietary about this iCable, it is just a 3ft cable that has a regular 3mm headphone jack at both ends. The reason it's branded and marketed for the iPhone is because the jack itself is very skinny in order to accomodate the iPhone design.If you want to save yourself some money, look elsewhere.
Works well but is touchy, my daughter uses it in her car with her i phone five.  Must leave it in one position.
I bought this unit to replace a Kenwood unit in my truck that failed.  Since the dimensions were the same, it was a "plug & play" installation (as I had anticipated).  This unit is definitely not audiophile quality, but is better than the original factory unit and met my needs.  Hopefully it will outlast the Kenwood unit it replaced.
The battery itself was great. The tools that it came with to assist me install it in the ipod all broke during installation.
It is easy to set-up. It works as i expected it to be. Highly recommended.
For the price this is a an ok product.At night there is a lot of interference from local radio stations.
Pros: Worked well for about six months.Cons: Worked well for about six months, now the bluetooth is sketchy and the ipod sound cuts out very easily.
Worth $75!?...not really but it was my only option. I didn't want the $25 one I see all over the internet and can't afford the Parrot.I assume the reason the company does not advertise it works with the iPhone is because when docked and a call comes in you will hear the signal interference through the speakers.For example, I am listening to music from my iPhone -I get a call, I have to move my iPhone to the other cup holder (next to the one with the BTcup) and there is no issue.Sound quality:Purchased music from iTunes -greatLimeWire Music - average, but for the price expected.Phone calls - Come in loud and clear, people say thy can hear me fie.Charges the phone great.Very easy to use.Set Up:iPhone 1st GenFord TaurusSan Diego
Hi,SummaryDesign 5/5Ease of USe 4/5IPOD listening 5/5Listening to Cell Call over Bluetooth Listening in the Car 4/5Callers Sound Quality when talking over Bluetooth 3/5 (This is bad, rest is a recommendation to buy).I happened to buy this because MAC magazine had this listed as the 100 best products to have. You might get more detailed information there but mine is completely a subjective and opinionated and personal feedback. Hope this helps read on....Detailed ReviewDesign 5/5: Very compact, stays in the cupholder, beautiful execution, unobtrusive and ony 4 buttons so one does not get confused. One large button to recieve cell phone call, which is absolutely the right choice. Black looked great and will merge seamlessely with most car interiors.Ease of Use 4/5: It probably takes around 4 steps to set this up and running, The worst was the flimsy packaging, It took me more time to get it out of the package than to set up the IPOD and power connection.The Bluetooth setup took longer, but my cell phone is a PocketPC smartphone from HP IPAQ which is not the most commmon phone out in the market most phones have a relatively easier point and click Blutooth setup so most of you might not face the music as I. I had to first pair the connection take away the encryption, take away the authorization and then use the code it worked after that.IPOD listening 5/5This is a fantastic idea and design is wonderful, beautiful execution. The IPod wireless transmission works beautitul, better than my Tape Adaptor which produces scratchy noises and seems to get worse by the month. Most of you should hear the radio clearly, the packaging says full spectrum radio, not sure how this works but when I used the QS button to get a quite station it comes up with four of them 88.1 worked well for me.Listening to Cell Call over Bluetooth Listening in the Car 4/5The Bluetooth pairing took a little getting used to but this is no brian surgery so eventually you will be able to get that working, most of you will have a easier way to get it to work than me as I have an IPAQ Cell phone which has too many options. The voice quality of my listening in the car was AWESOME, this sounded almost as good as the BMW car built in Bluetooth. So this is very very good for me taking call hands free in my car. But think of the others who are on the other side of the call, what are they hearing? See my next note ... below..Sound Quality for the people talking to you on your handsfree 3/5: (Not Good)Lastly I had my daugther sit in my car and recieve my call from home, She could hear me clearly with radio turned all the way down as well as up, but the problem was on my side I could hear a lot of static, radio intereference as well as voice cutting off, I could understand the voice clearly but it had all this other background noises going on which will be an annoyance. I hope these guys put in additional circuitry to reduce the background static, I love this device.Venkat Reddy
Works with iPhone 3GS if you answer No to airplane mode. Music through car speakers is excellent.  Incomming calls interrupt music and the music comes back on after hangup. While the sound quality of the phone conversation is not fantastic and I would not want to have a long conversations, it's fine for those short calls. Besides, there does not seem to be any other options in this price range. It's really a lot of bang for the buck.Lastly the adapters that come with the cup do not fit the iPhone. So you can either remove all adapters or to make it surdier and protect the iphone connector, get a universal iPhone 3G dock adapter (3 for $9)from apple.Apple Universal Dock Adapter 3-Pack for iPod 3G (White)Either way, the iPhone sits in the cup naked or dressed with your favorite case. (I like the RebelSerpent).
This AC adapter is falsely advertised as having a US plug built right into the adapter.  Much to my dismay, when I received the adapter, it came with a detachable EUROPEAN (I think) cord, with a place to plug that cord in on the adapter.  Thankfully, I had a US cord from another charger that fit into this adapter, and even more thankfully, the adapter is rated at 100-240V, 50-60Hz, so it worked just fine when I plugged it in.  However, it makes a random, intermittent, hi-pitched buzzing sound when it's charging my Walkman, which makes me a bit uneasy.
I bought the Hanna Montanna (1GB memory) mix stick for my granddaughter. The instructions stated that it would take 2.5 hours to charge the mp3 player. Nope--not the first time. It took over 8 hours! Although there is a CD, the software only gives you an "update" program. You can download songs(actually mixes) from the Disney site using this software, but I haven't figured out where the songs are stored on my hard drive. The instructions tell you to go to the Windows Media Player and then just rip to the mix stick...but nothing shows up. I download songs to my player normally, rip CD's and have been using PC's since the early 90's(I remember gopher!) so I don't think its that I don't know how to do this.
It's not exactly audiophile quality, but it works well enough in my house with my iPhone 4.  The bluetooth code for pairing wasn't included in the directions, which is ludicrous.  The secret code you're after is 0000, got lucky on mine and thought I'd pass this on for those who happen upon this in clearance bins.
***PROS:~Versatile: can be used with any FM radio; not just in the car.~The transmitter is compact and digital.~Charges iPod in the car when hooked to lighter outlet.***CONS:Tried over 20 radio stations with weak/no broadcasting on my FM dials-~In the car, FM the transmission is quirky and fades out and/or provides signals with static; have to change stations periodically, even when travelling only 10 miles or less.~At home (immobile location), signal still quirky even with unit within inches of FM antenna.~ Easy to plug into iPod & car outlet, but very difficult & frustrating to find stations.***OTHER COMMENTS:I've seen a lot of complaints about all kinds of iPod FM transmitters. (Even $80 transmitters have poor reviews with same complaints.) Perhaps there's a limitation on frequency output strength for security reasons and/or government FCC regulations (understandable), but, again (even with this little gadget right next to stereo antenna), signal is quirky.***GO WITH A HARD WIRE OPTION:~At Home: For using iPod (or any other audio equipment with headset output jack, i.e. cassette Walkman or portable CD player) with home stereo, I suggest getting a "Retractable 3.5mm to Composite R/L Audio Stereo Cable" for hard-wiring to your stereo.  (Mine cost about five bucks including shipping.)~In Car: If you've got an older car with cassette player, perhaps try a cassette adapter. Sony makes one (model CPA9C) with great reviews for about fifteen bucks, including shipping.  I might buy it.***SUMMARY: In a nutshell, I suggest avoiding FM transmission, and looking for hard-hire options to listen to your iPod in your car & at home.All in all, regarding this transmitter in particular, my overall score is 3 since it's a good value compared to other FM transmitters due to price & versatility.
For those of you thinking this will be an easy fix, it was very challenging. Taking apart the device, I snapped the plastic piece beneath the plastic cap and on putting it back in the headphone jack wouldn't fit back into the device and after repeated tries, it was broken entirely. Sorry to the seller but be forewarned.
I used this for about a week until it started to feel like a brick in my pocket.  It's quite expensive and unless your really drop your phone often I don't think you need such a heavy duty product.  It is described as what you get.  It's ok...
Hi,I brought this after a lot of R&D; on Amazon and other sites. The manufacturer has posted wrong photo for the film. Beware, if you are looking for a protective film that fully covers the back side of the iphone, then do not buy this. As, this one just covers a portion vertically.
This item claims to be compatable with the iPhone. It is not.  It would be really really good for iPod because the sound quality is amazing but if you want it for iPhone, stay away.
I got one of these for christmas and was excited at first but quickly discovered some quirks. Volume playback is good and sound quality is remarkably good for such a small device. Reading the instructions, it then becomes clear how to use it as its not obvious at all w/o them. Sometimes I like to jump right in but i could not figure out how to set time and alarm clock.When in standyby mode, which is when you are not actively using it, the LCD panel is not lit and you won't be able to see. As a clock/alarm clock this is one terrible feature its missing, because if you put it beside your bed and you want to see what time it is during dark hours it does not have a backlit display. you have to hit the snooze button to light it up.while playing music from my ipod, 3 times in the course of one song being played, there was noise interference. I can onyl describe it as what sounds like cellphone chatter, I could here ringtones being dialed, yet no one in my house was using remote controls, cellphones or any device that may be interfering in the frequency range. this was very annoying as i could not enjoy the music because loud chatter noise click would come and go.lastly I could not figure out how to make the volume remain at a constant setting. it says to set volume then press the pause button to save settings but it never did and so everytime i turn on the device, music plays too loud which can be startling, not a big problem but it would be nice to have a lower default playback volume when turning it on for use.lastly, no where on the device listing on the website does it say , NOT compatible with iPhone. Here is the scoop if you have an iphone. I saw a picture of what looked like an iphone and made the mistake toa ssume it was but its an iTouch. Your iphone will still work but if you dock it, you may get the message saying this accesory is incompatible and asks you to put it in airplane mode. This happens because I docked the iphone in muted mode, but if u take that off the message does not come. I mute and dock my iphone because i dont want to wake up my girlfriend, when you dock the iphone it makes a loud docking sound.the instructions in the package say it comes with a docking cradle to fit your ipod but there was none in the packaging. I called Satechi.net and they said none comes included. the cradle on the device will fit any ipod despite the fact there is an open slot to fit it. Anything will fit so its not a big deal, it might have been a typo on their fault.as for alarm via ipod, i could not figure out how to make it wake me up via music from my ipod. when alarm went off it buzzed, it would not play music from my iphone which was the whole point of owning this device but maybe thats because its not iphone compatible. it would be nice if the website had a warning because its too easy to see an itouch and assume youa re looking at an ipod. it says works with all ipods and an iphone is an ipod, so i dont know.
This is a great FM reciever for the car. It not only works for Zune, but also for anything that can run or be charged with a USB cable. There is one drawback: when you mount the Zune in the holder, you can't see the digital read-out that tells you what station to use. If you have to change stations while you're driving, the only way to see where to change it to is by removing the player; not a great thing to try to do when you're driving down the road! So it's a good transmitter overall; I have no problem saying that, but I can't say it's driver-friendly when it comes to trying to adjust it to another FM station.
If you don't want your screen to get all scratched up, this is a pretty good way to go.  It seems durable and doesn't look too bad.  Putting it on was easy, for me anyway.  It's far from perfect however.  The images on the screen don't look as sharp, and almost has a bubbly look to it, even though there are no bubbles in the film.  I think perhaps the film is too durable/thick, and creates a bit of a blur.  Also, it shows smudges fairly easily.  I'm still glad I got it, but it's not perfect for those who want  a beautiful machine with similar displays.
If you are looking for a Cheap, Flexible Cover for your phone this is it.  Unfortunately the case gathers a lot of dust, so much that I stopped using the cover.  Some may like it some may not.. Either you love it or hate it.  For some reason I don't like it because of the dust gathering on the cover and inside the cover on the phone.
we purchase 4gbpinkigomp3 player could not down load any video even with soft wear what is up with this other wise i really enjoy but very disappointed susan block it was ordered from probiz llc
This training course is absolutely essential if you have never used Sony Vegas before. I've used Pinnacle for years, but operations are just done a lot differently in Vegas -- not at all intuitive in my opinion. I should have given this product 4 stars, but I cannot change it now. It is written in the same style as the booklet that comes with Sony Vegas Pro 8.  There is a training CD that comes with the 160 page sprial bound 8.5X11 inch book. I have only gone through a portion of the training program, and I learned how to do a lot of things that would have been intuitive in Pinnacle. Unfortunately, they devote a whopping three and a half pages to rendering!! I wanted about 30 pages on rendering! You won't learn anything on rendering that you can find on your own by pulling down the menus and experimenting to see what happens.  I want to know the significance of each parameter -- what the features are.  Does it make things better or worse?  Sony just does not understand how to write informative instruction manuals on things that matter the most -- extreme detail on cut and paste, but next to nothing on rendering options.
Even though I don't own the Professional software (I have Platinum pro), this package is 20 million times better than that little leaflet that comes with the software.  It comes across as a bit overwhelming, but I have chosen to seek the techniques of interest as opposed to trying to read and go straight through the book.  I unfortunately cannot use the DVD because I dont use the Professional version of the software, but I will upgrade in due time, so I still think it's worth it.
The item is functional. However, I am disappointed for these reasons.It sticks out more than I expected - further than the built-in items on the iPad. The edges and ends are also blunter than I expected, and the fit is not as tight as I expected. The result is that it can be dislodged fairly easily. The whole point in getting this item was to protect the port from contamination through use by a toddler. I think it becomes dislodged too easily for a toddler to use it. I got two, so I may try altering one of them to be more suitable.
Ok so don't expect much from this product. It does exactly what it says. It is definitely not the best FM transmitter that I've owned, but it gets the job done. A few months ago I bought a $40 FM transmitter for my car off of Amazon, but it recently broke. Running low on cash, I quickly resorted to a cheaper product- this.Let me start off by saying there is a CLEAR difference between the sound quality of the $40 product and this product. In certain areas on all stations there is a fuzz in the background. It in no way, shape, or form ruins the song but if you're picky about sound quality then you will notice it. I experimented and tried to see if there was a specific station that would give me the best quality, but each one gave me a fuzz sound.You get exactly what you see in the picture- the quality and design of the product has proved to be durable. Instead of a nice LCD screen on the product to display details (such as the radio station its programmed to), the information is instead shown on your Ipod screen when you first plug the device into your Ipod. I liked this idea because I didn't end up paying more for a fancy looking product with an unnecessary feature.As far as battery life goes, it kills my first generation Ipod nano's battery. I'm forced to charge it every day or so now, but it's a small price to pay for such a good deal.I also really like the wireless feature. There is nothing you plug into your car. Its just this simple little plug that goes into your Ipod and magically transmits your music through your car speakers. My last Fm transmitter was big and bulky and took up a lot of space near my cup holders, which was a definite con. But this product hardly takes up any space at all.I think its important to say that this product works for ALL apple Ipods. The title gave me the impression that it only works for the Nano and when i received it I did not think it would work with my Iphone 3GS. However, it does in fact work with my Iphone 3GS as well as all other Apple Ipods. However, the product is specifically shaped and designed for the 2nd generation (2g) Ipod Nano.Overall this is a great price for this product. If you're running low on cash and you just want a simple Fm Transmitter to play your songs in the car- then this is PERFECT. However, if you do have $30-$40 to spend and you're picky about sound quality, then I'd say go for the higher quality products.Hope this helps you!
Looks great once you get it on and it is nice and small so it takes up less space.  However, it is very thin and you have to be VERY careful when putting the silicone skin on the remote to make sure it doesn't rip around the button holesIf you can manage not to rip it, it turns out great!
reasonable price, sound isn't bad but not great either.. 3 stars, i use it for my samsung upstage
This case is definitely NOT red. It is very pink. Salmon Pink. Everything else about it is great- good fit, soft feel, easy access to ports and controls. But if you're looking for red, this isn't even close to red.
I bought this to use in my car to connect my phone to my headunit and make handfree calls. It works ok (not great) while driving around at slow speeds w/ little road noise, but on the freeway it's virtually useless as the mic picks up too much background road noise making it difficult for the listener to hear what you're saying.
Essential for me to use my headphones with my G1, but after about 6 months of daily use it's acting wonky - left, right and/or center channel goes out and I have to wiggle the cord around to make it work properly.  It's almost cheap enough where it doesn't matter, though - I'll probably just buy a few more for spares.
What I like about this product.1. Good protection and feel.2. The cover has good friction,you can just leave it on the car dashboard while driving and it stays there without moving.3. Comes with a dock so that you do not have to remove cover to charge.What I do not like about this product.1. Attracts a lot of dust and lint.2. Sometimes hard to remove from trouser pockets because of the inherent friction of the skin.
These plug into the headphone jack on my laptop and work pretty well for boosting the volume. One minor issue is a slight slight buzzing noise that is always present. I kind of mentally tune it out when listening to music, but it's very noticeable when nothing is playing.This could just be a problem with connecting these to a laptop, or even my particular laptop. I haven't used them on an Itunes device.
i ordered one of this speakers at TechUsed its says its new thats why i purchase it but it came in today and its not on the box its open and its missing some stuff like the stand for iphone or ipod and the power cable if ur not using battery.kinda disappointed but all in all fast shipping cheap price i would say its OK
Its good for its price. The only problem with it is that it doesnt have volume control and there are just too many wires attached with it. i would presonally prefer an option to attach all three (speaker and base) together when I am just using it at home. I like the quality of the sound it produces.
I mistakenly bought these speakers thinking that they were specifically for the iPhone/iTouch.  I was dead wrong.  These are generic mp3 speakers that plug into your earphone jack and NOT the iPod interface.  The problem with this is that although you are able to listen to your device, it is only for a short while as your batteries continue to drain.  Normally not a big deal for listening to music, but watching videos or movies will drain your battery fast.  Since one of the selling points of this unit is to hold your iPod in landscape mode, I was disappointed in it's limitation.  I'll be back to work searching for good iTouch speakers that hold the unit in landscape mode AND charge the battery.  Let me say again, This is not a set of iPod speakers, nor is it a docking station.  It is simply a set of generic mp3 speakers.
Overall the product works as specified, and I can second most of the previous reviews. Sound quality is surprisingly decent for their tiny size. Versatility (generic jack, battery or wall power) is a big plus.The only major problem is a constant buzzing noise they emit when plugged in. This is NOT a GSM sound - they really are shielded; it is a constant irritating humming. It's quiet, so when the music is playing you don't hear it; but when there is no sound, this buzzing is driving me nuts. So far I didn't figure out how to fix it, and if I find it impossible, I'll send them back for refund.UPD. It looks like the buzzing only happens when the speakers are plugged into wall outlet. I switched to batteries and everything works OK. Not sure if it means defective power supply.
Works right now in my new (to me) car. In my old car though, my ipod would sometimes freeze.  I actually had to flash the harddrive once because it freaked out while I had it hooked up to my car via this device.  A similar situation happened in a friend's car. So be careful.  I think it depends on the car and on the ipod model, but I only use this because i have no other option.  I suggest you do the same.
For an inexpensive transmitter, I couldn't really ask for more. However, it's a little inconvenient that it only transmits to stations from 88.1 to 89.9
I concur with all of the reviews of this ultra cool and ultra functional case. However, at unpredictable times for no apparent reason, a wet appearing blob will form where the case and iPhone screen interface. Upon disassembling the iPhone from the Xylo case (not difficult, btw), the screen and case are as dry as eyes on a marble statue.It IS possible to reassemble the iPhone into the case without causing the blob to appear. BUT ... appear it eventually will. So, if you can put up with this one imperfection, this case it definitely for you. It is clearly THE case for your iPhone. Oh, yes - one other small complaint: the back edge of the case where it has been cut out for the charging adapter is sharp enough to cut, so be careful how you handle it in that particular area.
I've had this unit for about a year now. I find that I rarely listen to HD radio because even in the city, the radio keeps shifting between HD and analog. This is very annoying. If I lock it onto HD then the sound cuts out frequently. The HD sound is great, but the signal varies with distance from the station and among tall buildings. An undocumented feature is the radio picks up the one HD station on AM here. I find that the AM tuner is very weak and won't pick up weak signals as well as the radios in my other cars. Another annoyance is there is no way to keep the time displayed if the radio is off. You can only display the time for a few seconds by pushing the display button. All the secondary buttons are teensy.
I use an otterbox defender case, and I have to remove the outer rubber case to fit my phone in this armband.  Also, since the otterbox already has a screen protector, I had to cut a t-shaped slit in the armband screen protector so I could use the touch screen while out running.  the slit also helps prevent water condensation from collecting inside the case.  Armband fits me well, but my arms are VERY small, men with large arms might have a problem.  I like the velcro to gather up extra earbud cord.
I bought this armband to use while cycling 20-30 miles (1.5 -2.5 hours) to hold my Nexus One phone. The band works as described. I found that the band did not ride up or down from my sleeve which was good. I have been using the band in 50 degree weather and have found that my body heat mixing with the cold air allowed into the case (by way of the four small holes used to allow headphone access) tends to create condensation inside the case which actually was forming and falling on and around the phone. After seeing this I have stopped using the band. If you are looking for something to wear in cold weather I'd skip this product. If you are riding in temperate to hot weather, I'd recommend removing your device from the band before going into an air-conditioned space.
It's not exactly what I expected. It works great for tapping on the virtual keyboard. But I really wanted it  for drawing and painting with apps like Sketch and Brushes. The problem is the soft rubber tip is too sticky. I can only wonder if after extensive use it will wear off enough to glide over the glass surface. Other than that, it is an excellent product at a great price.If you are looking for a stylus for tapping text on your iPhone or iPod Touch look no further. The rounded tip is very precise and I was actually able to type faster and with fewer errors than with my finger. If you're looking on for drawing, painting, or signature capture get the very expense Pogo Sketch.
I am happy with my purchase, it was a timely delivery and so far good product. I thought however, that from the title of the item it would include "screen protectors" but there were none. I assume now that the seller meant the rubber tips on the stylus as the screen protector, which misled me and I'm sure others.It is still a good product at a reasonable price. the rubber tip seems like I will have to use it gently for it might fall out.
I have a 2nd gen ipod touch and thses do not work for it.  I only gave it 3 stars because it says nothing on the package to indicate what it is for.  Otherwise it  would be a good case to protect from scratches.  Received promt refund from company who didn't seem to realize the fit difference either.
I like this case a lot. It's sleek and attractive, fits the iPhone perfectly and has a slight tooth to the finish that keeps it from slipping out of my hands without getting stuck in my pocket like the rubber or silicone cases.The only bummer is with the case on, the phone doesn't fit onto my charging base, but the case goes off and on really easily, so that's not a big factor.Aside from that, the supplier took a really long time to correct a shipping mistake. Admittedly, I put my old address down on the order by accident, but immediately sent an email to the supplier to correct the problem. They sent me a confirmation email about the address change, but sent it to the old address anyway. When I inquired, they said that they would get in touch with UPS about the shipping problem and correct it. 2 weeks later, and I hadn't heard anything. I wrote  back and they sent me a message saying they would send another. Another week, I still hadn't received it, so I wrote again. I got the same canned message back.I finally received the product a month after I ordered it. Just make sure you get your order perfect when ordering from this provider because they won't put much priority on it if you don't.
My son got this for Christmas last year.  We decided on this cd player to play his cd's.  It worked great!  The sound was great, it was lightweight.  Over all we were really happy.  Then, after about 3 months the light on the display started flickering.  It did this for months.  As soon as we noticed it bothering our son, we just put a towel over the display to block the light.  Well just shy of owning it 9 months...it has died.  The light doesn't go on, when the cd spins it makes a horrible noise.  Unfortunately we can't get any radio stations.  I'm not necessarily blaming this on the radio...we live kind of far out and have a hard time getting reception.  I would say if you are looking for something to use periodically, this little cd player would be great.  If you are looking for something for day to day use...spend the extra money and get something that will last.
I bought this to use with my new iPhone 3G.  It didn't work properly.  The phone won't accept a charge from this unit.  Also, the cigarette lighter plug is very long.  This might be a good thing for some people, but it caused the unit to stick out too far for my vehicle and it got in the way of the gear shift.I can't comment on how the unit actually worked as once I determined that it wouldn't charge and it wouldn't fit, I didn't bother testing it any further.  The build quality seemed okay.I ended up purchasing the Griffin iTrip AutoPilot and it's been working well.
I received the battery with no problem.  Quality looks OK, if not top-notch.  As far as I can tell so far, it charges correctly and holds the charge as it should.But, it is slightly too small too fit snugly in Nomad Zen Xtra.  It will lost contact and power down if I move the Nomad around much.  I shimmed it up by cutting a strip off an old credit card and wedging in by the bottom of the battery.  That seems to take care of the problem.
This is a hard plastic cover that clips around the Creative Zen.  The cover has openings to accomodate buttons, the card slot, the hard reset hole, headphone jack, etc.  The cover fits very snugly and is quite nice.  My only complaint is with the belt clip.  There is a disc-shaped piece that is removable from the belt clip.  This piece needs to come apart, where half of it will go into the back part of the case and attaches to the other half on the back side.  You can't really tell when they're together, but this piece is screw off, NOT snap off.  I ended up breaking the disc trying to figure that out.
The styling of this boombox is awesome.  Cute color too. However, the instruction booklet said it would charge an Ipod Touch 16 GB, but it does not.  When I put in the adapter and plugged in my Ipod, it won't charge.  The charging feature was 50% of my reason for purchasing this item, so it's going to get returned.  Too bad, as the speakers work well, and it's adorable.
This unit arrived quickly from the seller.  It was very easy to connect the unit to the car.  It comes with numerous adapters, half of which I don't even know what they go to.  I really like the unit save for two things:  1) About 2 weeks into use, the plastic housing surrounding the plug that goes into the sansa broke.  At first it was just one of the two halves but then a couple of days later the other half broke.  The wires were exposed so I emailed Satechi to explain and ask for help.  They never replied but I really didn't care as the unit still worked.  Well today, the yellow wire came out and now it doesn't work.  I found a telephone number and have left a message.  2)  The unit does no better than a $10 iRiver FM transmitter I have.  It definitely is nowhere near CD quality and actually not as good as an actual FM station.  I liked it though because I got tired of downloading CDs.  Anyways, hope your luck is better than mine and be careful pulling the plug out of your MP3 player.
I purchased this for my Sansa View.  My only complaints are that the adjustment knob that controls tilt of the fm transmitter is weak and won't hold, you can replace with a nut and bolt and probably be fine but you shouldn't have to.  Also I've noticed if the temperature drops below freezing and you leave this in your car, on startup the transmitter doesn't remember the station you left in set to, in fact it starts at 0.1 MHZ and you have to scan up to 88.1 which takes quite a while.For the money it's not a bad buy and you can definately work around the quirks mentioned here.
Bought this for my sister, who had no clue that items like this existed. Showed her how to use it and she seems satisfied. I wonder about durability, as it seems quite fragile. I wasn't pleased with the limited adjustability. It's not like my Transpod and it can get in the way of dashboard controls on some smaller cars. I also noticed the volume level is not the same (not as high) as my Transpod. But considering the price difference, it is a very reasonble purchase and it is good for the beginner.
it fits into the cigarette lighter but its almost to big you have to force it in there. and removing it is just as hard. not so bad once you get it in you leave it there. it just misses the gear shift too. the knob to tighten it in place always loosens, not convenient if driving by yourself. you are probably better off getting the cup holder transmitter.
Not happy with the instructions that came with it.  I had to send the first one back because it wasn't working right.  Now for this one to work, we have to unplug the charger or we get a thumping noise or the songs disappear completely.  It is very confusing to hook up and I'm not sure how well it will hold up.  I'm afraid the plastic will break soon - doesn't fit well in my Pontiac it fits right up against the emergency brake.  I'm going to try it, but not sure I won't be sending this one back too.
I bought this for my 2004 Mazda 6 because of the many good reviews. I was expecting at least normal reception with no static but I was very disappointed. When I received this product I plugged it in and the reception is very bad - I'm getting static over the speakers. I flip to over 15 different FM channels, no luck all of them has interference static noise. The best station I found is 107.7 but is still sounds like I'm tuned in on an AM station. Very disappointing indeed...
I gave this item 3 stars, but I would say it is a 3.5 out of 5.It does not have the greatest sound quality, but I don't know if the quality of my car's FM radio is affecting that or not.The downside is that it does not anchor itself well in the lighter in my car, and wobbles around, which makes it break connection and loose the signal.  I have used things to wedge it in place, but they don't stay there and it loosens and falls out again.The sansa works on this, but it doesn't stay in place that well either, so that can cause it to loose the signal.BUT - it is far better on road trips to have this than nothing!  I am happy with the purchase but think the product could be improved a bit by making the connection better and providing an anchor to hold it in place.I have been on road trips where I loose radio stations every 10 minutes or so (western Kansas), and I enjoy having this with me for an alternative.  It also works to charge my Sansa Fuze so I have it always ready to go.
good for what it was used for but you have to be very careful with how much pressure you put on it as the connection that hold the 12v plugin piece is kinda fragile. beyond that, having the 1/8 connector in, even if you have a Sansa that fits the adapter is recommended because it increases the range and therefor the clarity of the FM transmitter.
As the other reviews I've read say, it is easy and works well. This was true for a few months until it suddenly stopped working. It won't turn on or respond at all. I tried it in multiple vehicles, thinking perhaps the power outlet in my car had malfunctioned, but it still won't work. Does anyone know how to contact the manufacturer? I discarded the paperwork since it had been working so well for months.
Pros1. 8GB2. Price3. Ability to expand memoryCons1. Wheel got stuck within the first week(I fixed it with a quick spray of electrical contact cleaner and it actually turned more smoothly than when I first bought it)2. Uses a wheel to scroll and the same wheel to click on a selection.  Especially if the wheel starts to stick you can easily end up clicking instead of scrolling.3. Lack of accessories.  If you plan on using the fuze constantly inside, outside, in the car and at work you will end up spending a lot of money as there are very few options currently available)  If you want the basics it won't make a big difference.
It worked okay at first.  But then I found it to be a little too bulky for my taste.  The leather screen cover is nice, but if I ever dropped my phone the cover was open so it didn't help.  The phone is not secure in the case.  It just slides in and can just as easily slide out.  It happened to me.  My phone just slid out of the case one day and landed screen first on some uneven ground.  This moment shattered my screen and I've never even thought about using this case or one like it again.
I purchased this case largely because a similar case for the clix2 became my favorite case for that player.  Unfortunately, as noted elsewhere, the power/hold switch is not accessible when the X-fi is in the case.  Luckily, it is easy to slide the player out and click the power button so its not a total killer.What I like about this case, what makes it better than Creative's own X-fi leather case and why I give it 3 stars even with the power flaw:*)  Nice quality soft leather and nice fabric liner, quality of construction is good.*)  Excellent access to all of the other buttons and visibility of the screen.*)  I love that it has a clip on it (totally missing from Creative case!), this matters to me more than the access to the power switch.*)  Magnetic closure, easy to open and close with minimal fumbling about.*)  Pocket for SD card*)  Openings for the speaker and USB port.*)  Can remove from case without unplugging headphones.  Very easy to slide player in and out.Summary:  at present time this is my favorite case for the X-fi, just wish they would put a hole in the back for the power switch.  This maybe because I love having the clip built on to the case which is not so easy to find in a leather case.  With a power cutout I would easily give this case a 5!
I wasn't sure how to fairly rate this. Here's why. The case I got from this company is a very nice case. It's well made and perfect for my Zen X-fi. You can easily get to everything on the unit and it offers lots of protection. The problem is, I ordered this case because I specifically needed a clip on the case. This one came with a keyring, no clip --- useless to me. I wrote the company and got no reply.The company is in the UK and the case is made in China. The case took forever to arrive. Now, I don't ordinarily mix my product review up with my feedback of the seller and I apologize for doing that somewhat here. But I want you to get a sense of what it might be like to order this product. Then again, it may not happen to you.Had the case had a clip on it as advertised and as the enclosed instructions said it did, I would rate it five stars. The case is buttery soft and quite handsome. If you were to get what you ordered, it would easily be five stars. So read into my review whatever you want.-- Susanna K. Hutcheson
Not that excited about this product.  It's really bulky and doesn't really enhance the iphone at all.  It actually takes away from the appearance.  But, it is reasonably priced.  That's it..
Let me start by saying for all the things that work  on this device, it's great. The hands free is clear as a bell.However, the company decided to update the way it works and not the USB slot is ONLY for charging devices. It will not recognize a thumb drive plugged into it. Music is now only on the SD slot. I have absolutely no idea why the company feels that the ability to charge a device with USB and playing files off a thumb drive are mutually exclusive. I'm completely baffled by this. I don't really want to have to buy an SD card since I own a ton of thumb drives already.Any way, a very disappointing design change, as it fails to do what I bought it to do. Highly considering returning it.
I purchased this for use with my iPad in my 2005 Subaru Legacy. This is one of the few, if any products that will pair to an iPad or iPod touch.The bluetooth portion of this product works great, and really made my car wire free. Loved it for that. I hated this product for the sound quality, and returned it. I tried it in two different cars, on every possible frequency, and the FM static was unbearable. It could be heard through the music, and when at higher volumes would make the music sound like crap. In addition to this, the music was distorted at all volume levels - this is unacceptable and makes no sense whatsoever. My OLD monster brand FM transmitter sounds so much better than this with little to no background noise.
I like this device. I now can play music straight from my phone.It appears that it also emits strong FM signal so I can listen to music even in the city.All other FM transmitters would constantly get distorted once some radio station is playing on the same frequency. Realistically I could onlyuse other transmitters on the freeway in the middle of nowhere. And this device is good almost everywhere.I had to give it 3 stars because of a big problem - it can't charge my HTC Tilt 2. Phone clearly states that it does not have enoughpower to charge. Ideally I'd like an option to use USB port only as charger so phone would not even see it. Now phone thinks that it's connected to computer and starts asking questions while music stops playing.I hardly see a need in remote control.
I bought this for a long road trip so I could listen to the music from my Iphone4 through my car speakers.  It worked great FOR ABOUT 2 HOURS.  After that it began flashing 188.8.  I powered it down and even powered my Iphone down.  It worked great FOR ABOUT 10 MINS then back to flashing 188.8. Over and over this happened until I was so frustrated I was ready to throw it out the window.  I called customer service and my call went straight to voicemail.  I am hoping this was a defective unit and am returning it to Amazon.  Since I can't get a replacement I have decided to purchase another and give it another try.
Ultimately you are still hindered by how strong the FM transmission is.  In my car, unfortunately there was not enough power to get a clear sound and too much static was produced.Excellent idea however.
Item worked very well. Only problem being is it would not charge my IPhone using it's USB port. I tried 3 USB cords just to be sure and just could not get it to charge.
I ended up returning this item just b/c I didn't like the limitations with it reading flash drives. The limitation I didn't like was the folder limitation of 20 folders. If you have more than 20 folders it just won't play files out of those other directories. I tend to keep my music organized by artist/album so there was no way this thing would fly for me in that case. May be a small deal to some however. I also didn't really care for the small 3 digit display but this was a minor thing. Turns out though, it will display the song title via FM broadcast and it will show on your radio, so that was pretty cool in my opinion. I didn't really utilize the bluetooth features so I can't speak on it, but does appear to be getting good reviews here. Sound quality I would give it a 6 out of 10 which can be expected being broadcast over FM. As mentioned in other reviews, the manual wasn't too helpful and the translation wasn't all that great in spots. The remote was layed out pretty well, and I, too, found that you had to have the remote directly in front of the device before it would respond. I would say the product was good, but does have some limitations which I covered here...but as I said, these may not be a big deal to others.
I've been searching for a good FM transmitter to play my ipod over the car radio.  My search continues.....  It's static-y and doesn't get very loud.  I can barely hear some parts of music even with radio volume cranked up all the way.This item is great for bluetooth talking, though.
I brought this to listen to some lectures in MP3 file format. The MP3 files are in small chunks about 3000 files. I loaded about 1500 of them in a directory on a SD card.  Transmitting to radio is easy to setup. Bluetooth pairing with phone is also easy to setup.The problems are when I power off the car and restart, it does not resume playing where it was left over. Rather it picks from recently played files, could be last file, or two files ago. It does not display the sound name on the unit display, rather displaying that on the RDS enabled radio. If your car radio is not RDS enable, you will see nothing. Same aslo the caller ID information. it will not display caller ID for incoming call on the unit. I called Satechi support, the person three days later called me and told me that I have to use remote control to bookmark before turn off the car.  He also recommended me to not buying this, but buying the one without bluetooth.The reason I brought this is for listening during driving, if a call comes in, I don't have to fumble for the phone and turn off the MP3 playing. So I don't want to have MP3 playing only.I hope they can improve this device, so that:1)when car restarted, do not randomly pick one mp3 file maybe from way back, but play the last file it was playing before car turned off; If user push pause button on the main unit, it should bookmark that location.2) increase the number of files user can load.  Don't see why they picked up a number 1999 mp3 file, not 3999 files, just another bit to the counter;  If not increase the number of files, it can be 1999 files per directory, instead of 1999 file for the whole SD card.3) it is too easy to change the settings not knowingly. Because the cigerrate ligher socket is way down there, it is hard to see everything while driving. pushing the pause or forward button can get into configuration and changed some settings.  They could prompt on the display if user really want to change the settings, or ask to simutaneously push two buttons to enter configure. In one week, I had twice by accident changed the frequency. I have to stop the car to figure that one out and reconfigure it.4) when playing files one after another, it should allow more time for user to see file number. Currently, it only displays one second; why not 3 seconds or 5 seconds, so that user can see the file number easily, especially during driving.
After reading other reviews, I thought this would be a good product.  I was wrong...don't listen to other reviewers as I suspect most of them have pretty low standards for what constitutes as a working product.  The concept is great, but the product doesn't deliver.  It transmits music to your radio, but the sound quality is terrible.  If you're like me, and a stickler for good sound, this is not the product for you.  When listening to music through my iPhone 4, there is tons of static.  I've tried every open station, and they're all the same. (this is a problem with many FM transmitters, but there are a few on the market that produce no static...Satechi, figure this out and you'll have a killer product) I also made a phone call using this, and that sounded pretty bad too.  The product also doesn't seem very durable.  If I decided to keep this instead of send it back, I'm pretty sure it'd be broken within a few months.  The instruction manual looks like it was written by a child...or someone who doesn't speak English very well.  I really wish someone would step into the 21st century and make a quality wireless bluetooth transmitter already...we're all waiting for it.  If Satechi ever decides to invest in more R&D and produce a flawless product, I will jump on it in a heartbeat. This product, however, I'm sending back.
Pros:Good build qualityGood Music Quality On FMVery good music quality with line inAcceptable rangeCan read and browse nested folderConsDoes not read music from USB port, only SD cardText on car radio screen does not scroll. So long file names are shown in two lines and sometimes it starts new line in the middle of a word.Remote range is weak as expected from IR remote, clear line of sight is needed.
Maybe my expectations were a bit high, but I'm a little disappointed with this product. My two major grips are: (1) very low audio output level and (2) degraded audio quality. Even with my device's volume at max, my car stereo must be well above normal to reach a satisfying volume level. Also, once the FM signal is received from my stereo, the sound seems flat and muffled. Playing with the internal settings does improve the sound quality. Other than those two complaints, the device has been working well and I appreciate how the automatic function allows for automatic pairing of my device once in range. Good for the price.
This item was easy to set up.  All of my uses are via blue tooth.  My iphone 4 connects flawlessly and using the device for hands free calling is great. Not pleased with the sound quality for music.  Volume is low even after using remote to set the device sound to max and itunes to almost max.  A lot of interference from my car as well.  If your looking for wireless connect and hands free use I would recommend this unit.  If your looking for good music quality I would look elsewhere.
The device has a very good possibility to interconnect the bluetooth device with FM radio without any cables. It is the functionality I have searched for a long time and in the time of my purchase (some months ago) it was probably the single device on the market of this kind.When playing the music from my phone (Nokia 9300i) on the car radio through the bluetooth, the sound quality is not very good, when playing the same songs from the same phone through the audio cable connected to the car kit, the sound is much better.When using the car kit as a hands free for the phone, the quality of the call is good, so I can not understand why playing the music from the phone through the bluetooth has a low quality. In addition, setting the volume of the music on the car kit is not functional.I did'nt have a time to test the device with different car radios and different bluetooth phones.
Worked for a little while was not to user friendly. Quit working after about 8 months. Bad reception. Wast staticy
I want to give it a 5 star rating but I'll explain why I only gave it a 3.  Unfortunately, the first star is because the fuse on this bad boy tends to go out every few months.  I have now bought a packet of 5 fuses to replace this since it occurs so frequently. The second star that I didn't give is because it just simply doesn't play the music loud enough.  I literally have my speakers on full and at best it's decent listening.  With the windows down, you just can't hear anything.  And finally, the mic given with the unit broke within days of me installing it and it never picked up anything unless I had it literally inside my mouth.Other than that, the unit works as advertised.  I have no wires which I love and it plays music like it is suppose to.
I had it for less than a month. While it worked, I loved it. Music quality was great. However a week ago it stopped powering on. When I would plug it in it was just dead. I was not rough on it at all, it just quit. Sad because I really liked it. Guess I will look elsewhere.UPDATE: I tried to exchange it with amazon; they only allow returns. Because of this I emailed Satechi and they were extremely helpful. They instructed me to replace the fuse in the unit (with an extra one that is provided with it when purchased) and now it works perfectly again! I did not even notice that this was provided when I purchased it.
Pros - device is small and mic jack makes it easy to hook up external speaker for phone.- remote is helpful (before it fell between seats and was lost forever).- calls were clear for both sender and receiver.- Satechi has good support at toll-free number.Cons - device is small, but it would not fit in my cig lighter without an extender, which was awkward.-  device constantly lost connectivity with my phone.  When I would press green button to reconnect, 90% of time, my phone would automatically dial last person I called.  UGH!!!  This was an issue that support tech could not resolve.- there was always a hissing sound in background when I was playing MP3 music.- everything I mentioned above is in past tense b/c unit died after 16 months of use.Sad, but I didn't really care.  I am picking up a gooseneck BT device with hopes these issues will be resolved.
I don't know if anyone is still buying this product, but I'll review it just in case.  I bought it 2 years ago (Jan 2009) as an easier way to listen to my iPhone music on my car speakers, and it was definitely a step up from the plug-in solutions, but there are much better options now.Like all FM transmitters, your sound quality will suffer from the transmission (which cuts off highs & lows) and you will never fully avoid static.  This is a good strong transmitter and sometimes there's almost no static, but it's near impossible to avoid it...and it varies with weather, location, altitude, etc.  Avoid quiet songs and expect to have to switch stations some days.I liked that the Soundfly would turn on with the car (I'm told, though, that not all car power sockets will turn off with the car - you should check this 1st).  When it turned on, it would emit a horrific, loud, high-pitched beeping through the car speakers to indicate that it was connecting to the phone.  Serious annoyance!I tried to remember to turn off the car radio before getting out of the car so I would avoid this sound when I returned...but there you go, another step I had to take each time.  To play the music, I'd pull out my phone & start the music - not sure if the remote would have helped, but it seemed silly to pull out another device when my phone is right there in my pocket, easy enough to control.But, yes, it was a step up from plug-in transmitters because I could slip my phone right back into my pocket & forget about it - no need to remember to grab my phone before exiting the car.  No need to stop the music when I get out of the car because the iPhone stops playing the music when it loses its connection to the Soundfly.Bluetooth, the good: the bluetooth connection always established itself automatically when the Soundfly turned on.  The bad: if I wandered out of range while the Soundfly was on (for example, if I use the remote start on the car, I am likely to get out of bluetooth range before I get in), the Soundfly would not automatically detect & connect to my phone when I was back in range.  I would have to go into the phone settings & connect.As for calls, it was easy to answer by pressing the Soundfly button, but I never found a convenient way to mount the mic (which I thought would look sloppy), so it was a messy process and not very hands-free for calls.  The mic was ok but not great for sound quality, I was told by callers.  And skipping the Soundfly (to use the phone directly) for a call was tough because the Soundfly insisted on being used.  If I made a call from my phone (selecting the phone speaker), I'd hear the ringing through my phone and then the Soundfly would steal the call just as soon as the person picked up to answer...terrible timing!  So, in the end it was generally a hassle to receive or make calls with the Soundfly in the car.I liked the idea of being able to put in an SD card with music, but I never got around to it.  I guess the point is that I carry all of my music on my phone, so why duplicate?Customer service wasn't bad - I did have it replaced shortly after I got it.  Never had the same problem again.But there are better solutions now.  I just got theJabra FREEWAY Bluetooth Speakerphone (Bulk Packaging), and it does everything I wished the Soundfly would do - and then more.  No fiddly parts, no messing with phone settings in the car, always automatically connects, truly hands free music & calls (and use of Siri) in the car.  The Soundfly was an improvement over plug-in transmitters, but it could be frustrating.  Now that bluetooth speakerphones come with FM transmitters, it's better to shop around.
The sound quality is excellent, BUT.....  The display only shows the tuning frequency.  The number of directories that can be played are only 20, the manual is wrong, I contacted Satechi.  It will only play files via the SD card, the USB is for charging only.  The front panel buttons are not user friendly, but when using the remote, it is easier.  I returned it and got the Soundfly AUX instead.  That has none of the limitations mentioned above other than maybe the front panel buttons.
I had a little trouble getting it to pair with my Palm Pre.  The instructions read like they were translated from a foreign language to English with an online translator.  It makes a thumping noise though my speakers between songs and the sound quality is not great.  But it works.
I've been using this for about 3 years.  At first I thought the Bluetooth issues were my phone.  Now with the fourth phone, it is definitely the Soundfly.In my vehicle the power is always on, so it is up to the phone to initiate the Bluetooth connection.  It always fails if the phone initiates.  If the Soundfly is unplugged and plugged back in it connects every time.
Soundfly BT Ultimate Bluetooth Car Fm Transmitter WMA/MP3 Player for SD Card, USB Charger, iPhone 4S, 4, 3GS & 3G, iPod, ZuneExcept for the Microphone, everything else works good. utlimately - since nobody can hear me speak other side, the whole thing remains useless as of today. Probably I asked for toomuch.
As most of the previews reviews I bought this product as a non expensive solution in order to use the radio that comes with my car. So far I have it for more than a year and here are my comments:Pros:- Easy to install. Tip try to use the first available frecuencies in your dial you will get better quality.- Can use SD, USB and aux- remote control- usb charger (new for me)- bluetooth works with my blackberry and nokia phonesCons:- Bluetooth is very unstable with the blackberry the call only last 5 minutes- if you use the aux the bluetooth is not automatic.- with RDS some songs does not display the full name of the song.Overall is a good product for the price but don't expect the best sound quality in the market.
Since this item was delivered to me earlier in the month, I have tried to use it without success following the direction stated in the leaflet enclosed with it.While the only evidence of connection to my phone is that it can disconnect my calls. I cannot use the Bluetooth functionality to use the phone. While I initially had problem using it to play mp3 music, the technical group has provided guidance on how to use it to play music.I am still unable to understand how to use it with my phone.
Had ordered and received a PLYE....it was terrible!!! When back same day!Now hoping alittle more money will bring expected performance.Coming today, 5-13-2011.Will post again with results. Hoping to change my User Name to "Satisfied"I want to see the Blue-tooth work!!!
To begin, I have to confess I haven't yet tried to use this product! The reason I leaped in to write a review is to whine that the user's manual is virtually illegible. The English is so bad I'm not sure I'll be able to get it going. This should have been a pretty simple purchase -- it's a bluetooth receiver that transmits FM to my car stereo. I bought it because I hate the dangling entrails draped from every knob, mirror, and visor in the car. Wireless bluetooth from my EVO to this unit -- wireless FM from the unit to my stereo. Sounds simple. So why does the box crawl with wires? Why is there a remote? Unfortunately I may never know.I bought this unit because it is advertised to work wonders and it looks great. If it works, and if I can figure out how to use it, I'll happily rewrite this review. At the very top of the cover on the User manual are the words: "Please read this manual carefully before using." I wish it had been carefully written. Their web site says this is a San Diego company, and their web pages make the Sound-Fly brand look like it produces lots of good stuff. this small transmitter can accept input not only from my EVO, but from a 3.5mm cable, from a microphone (used for phone calls) and it is a card reader and has a USB power charging outlet. It has a solid feel and the power takeoff swivels so the unit can be positioned for clear visibility and access. The whole thing feels good and looks good, and if I can figure out what the user manual is trying to tell me, I'm going to be a happy customer. My needs are basic -- when I'm in my car I want to listen to my music except when I make or receive a call. Nothing more. Got it?I have to say that I truly admire anyone who comes to this country and works to accomplish something great in a foreign language -- but a business document is critical to an organization's future, and this manual is an obstacle to their progress.Here's an example: the paragraph heading is [Select Audio pass route] (?)"You can speak by handsfree even if you make a call using mobile phone. You can select this function as below," (So far so good -- does pass route mean hands free?).1. Click MENU/F.REPEAT button six times. (Really? Six times??)2. Select option with >>&lt;&lt; buttons to be shown 'Aud' or 'Nor' on display. (What?)3. Press MENU/F.REPEAT button once again."After I've done that I'll have accomplished Audio pass route, I guess. I hope I like it. . .We'll see.Soundfly BT Ultimate Bluetooth Car Fm Transmitter WMA/MP3 Player for SD Card, USB Charger, iPhone 4, 3Gs & 3G, iPod Touch 4G, BlackBerry, HTC HD 2, 7, EVO, DROID, Samsung Epic, Galaxy S and Bluetooth Stereo A2DP supported DevicesOk -- so I've had this a couple of months and managed to get some of the functions working -- I can listen to music from my phone without wires, but I remain lukewarm on the unit. Reception on my car radio is weak at best, so I need to use lots of volume with accompanying background hash -- but ok -- I still prefer that sound with my music than what I can usually find, so I'm living with it. The other functions, such as answering a call remain a mystery, so I just reach for the phone if I can do it safely.  For longer conversations I have a very good bluetooth handsfree unit I can engage.  I wouldn't buy another, and wouldn't recommend this to anyone except a daughter-in-law who deserves it. . .
I really wanted to like this FM transmitter.  I chose it over Satechi's other lower end models because it supposedly allows you to charge your device via USB with a 1 amp power output, and I only have one cigarette lighter socket in my car.  I've owned FM transmitters in the past and for some reason when using them with DC power splitters it introduces a lot of static and noise, so I didn't want to have to go that route.How I used it:I have a Droid X smartphone and used both the bluetooth and wired headphone jack and switched between the two to test them out.  I was able to play music stored on my microSD card as well as streaming Pandora.  Using the bluetooth connection gives you added benefits and drawbacks: You benefit from the fact that it is a digital rather than analog signal.  Analog signals tend to degrade, while digital stays true to the original.  Also, using bluetooth allows you to use the included wireless remote to control music playback, i.e. skipping tracks, play/pause, etc.  The drawback of using bluetooth is that it will drain your battery quicker.Sound Quality:Other's here have described the sound quality as near-CD quality.  I would have to disagree on that.  Although the sound quality is pretty good considering what it is, it definitely lacked detail and clarity.  Just a note, on my Droid X I am able to use a built-in EQ when using the headphone jack, but NOT if I used a bluetooth connection.  Also, the bluetooth connection was generally louder than the headhpone jack connection, but even then I had to max out the volume output on my phone, set the volume on the Soundfly to 12/15 (to avoide distortion), and crank up my receiver to about 80%+ volume level to be able to hear the music well over the road noise.Ease of use:Some functions are not really that intuitive, so you'll need to make sure you keep your manual handy and don't lose it!Durability:The manual states that you have to unplug it from the socket whenever you start or stop your car to prevent it from blowing the fuse.  I found this rather irritating, especially since it was a tight fit in my socket.  Ahem.  Also, it comes with a spare fuse in case you do blow it.  When I plugged my Droid X into the USB port to charge, it blew both fuses.  The first time I was connected via bluetooth and listening to music.  The second time bluetooth was off and not connected at all, nothing was connected.  I just got into the car, started the engine, plugged the unit in, and plugged the USB cable into my phone, and as soon as I did that it blew.I'm returning the unit to get a cheaper one without the USB charging feature.  Will it be another Satechi?  Who knows...Update 9/3/2011 - I have since ordered the "Advanced Car Mount System FM Transmitter & Charger for ANDROID Phones" by Accessory Genie through Amazon.  This all in one solution is maybe not as elegant, but it is light years ahead in terms of functionality and durability so far.  I love the flexible mount, I love that it comes with a 2amp vs 1amp charger that actually charges my phone without blowing a fuse, and the sound is actually WAY better, crystal clear and not muddled.  AND it's cheaper!  check it out!
- Manual is horrible.  Just says few things about basic operation.- Make two annoying loud bell sound (through your car FM radio) when you start the car (Assuming you left this device in cigarette lighter socket while turning off your car last time).  Not sure why this is needed.  Manual does not seem to say anything about it.- Bluetooth connects fine with cellphones equipped with bluetooth.  Microphone picks up my voice fine.  It is a wired microphone(provided)  There is no built in microphone on this device.  Place it near your speedometer panel (or visor).  Do not place it near the car fan vents.  You will have to run the wire using some tiny wire clips or glue.  Without the microphone you can't use cellphone bluetooth.- DO NOT COUNT ON headphone out when using SD card or USB Port to play music.  Headphone out is ONLY FOR THE BLUETOOTH usage from cellphone.  I wrote to Satechi/Soundfly tech support to confirm this.  It would have made a great device if I could play music from SD card and connect the headphone out to my car's AUX-in port.  It WOULD have given me better quality sound than FM.- Customer support: They respond (but slow).  They do not understand english well (or your problem well).  Simple sentences and examples will get you answer in one or two sentences.- Looks well constructed.  Display is complicated and takes time to learn.
So this Bluetooth to FM transmitter is not exactly bad - it certainly works for what it was designed to do - but with a few changes this could be /awesome/. My setup is using the Soundfly BT in a 2004 Chevrolet Malibu, paired with a Nexus 5.The first and biggest gripe I have with this device is that the transmitted audio volume from the Soundfly BT is REALLY low. I have to crank my car stereo almost to the maximum to get a decently loud audio output when streaming audio from my phone. I've tried this with both my N5, as well as a Nexus 4, and in both cases, transmitted audio is just so quiet. Cranking the stereo also amplifies background noise from the Soundfly BT itself, that sounds like an analog hum in the background - but it's really only noticeable between tracks or in quiet sections of a song. I have not tried directly connecting the Soundfly to my phone with the included aux cable, but that defeats the whole point of this device.Second gripe: If Bluetooth connection is lost while the Soundfly BT is continuously powered, the Soundfly BT does not attempt to re-establish the Bluetooth link until you turn it off and back on. This is most noticeable when I park, shut off the ignition, and take my phone with me; when I return to my car, I must power cycle the Soundfly BT to get it to reconnect. As a workaround, I've taken to turning the Soundfly BT off any time I leave my vehicle, and then powering it back on when I get back in.Third gripe: This model supports RDS text for the song title and artist, but /only/ if you are playing local media from an SD card. Most audio players have the ability to transmit song info text when streaming through Bluetooth, but the Soundfly BT does not relay that text through RDS to the radio. Instead, it displays generic text like &#34;BT PLAY&#34; or &#34;BT STOP&#34; on the radio.Now for the good: It's a compact device that is relatively intuitive, the remote works pretty well, and the ability to stream music from any Bluetooth device that supports A2DP/AVRCP is fantastic, and addictive. If the three gripes above are fixed, this is absolutely a 5 star device. As it is... It's completely functional, but nothing that will make you go &#34;WOW!&#34;. If/when this one wears out, if my gripes haven't been corrected, I'll likely look at a different model to see if I can find one that does meet my expectations.
I would have really liked this device if there was any way to randomize the songs at all.  You can just play them all, folder by folder, or repeat a song or folder.  The bluetooth phone part works quite well, people don't even know I'm on a hands free, so that's worthwhile.  I like that there are no wires other than the microphone, so all in all, I'm glad I got it, but it's not worth quite as much as it sells for in my opinion.
Unit works well generally, but even after maximizing the volume on my smartphone for bluetooth output it was still very eak, requiring the stereo volume to be cranked way up.  Accidentally change channels on the stereo and nearly makes the ears bleed.Tried with several other smarthphones (both iOS and Android) and all seemed to be quite low volume.  Using the audio cable the volme levels are much stronger.
I bough this for my Trailblazer to use with my iPhone 4 and the device is excellent when using the hard wire connection, but the blue tooth has atrocious audio quality. The hands free with the device works well, but everyone has said that they hear their own voice in an echo on the phone. I ended up just leaving my iPod touch connected to it and using my phone independently unless charging. The instructions are like a poorly translated kung-fu movie. Nearly impossible to figure out, with horrible grammar. The transmission is strong though and is able to overpower most weak stations.
i mean the thing worked as they said it would but just not very well.  so buy this with the thought that it will work, but the volume is not great and sometimes it a little work to get the phone to pair with it
I have been using the SoundFly in two cars daily for the last 7 months strictly for streaming music and podcasts from my wife and my Android phones.  Here's a simple breakdown of how it works for me:Pros:- Ease of setup.  When it works, it works very well.  After the initial pairing, you just have to turn on the unit and it will pair within a few seconds.- Sound quality.  Neither my Jeep or Toyota have audiophile grade sound systems, but I don't notice any degradation in sound compared to cassette adapters or radio.  CDs do sound a little bit better.- The remote control is handy, and I like how it can control the phone (previous/next track, play/pause, etc)Cons:- Very quiet.  With Bluetooth volume on the phone and the Soundfly volume turned up all the way up, it is still half as loud as the radio.  Generally not a problem, as I just turn up the volume on the radio, but if someone changes stations the increase in volume is dramatic (I have often wondered if my speakers have been damaged by this).  Being vigilant about turning down the volume before switching stations and getting out of the car prevent this from happening.- Bluetooth, and pairing with Bluetooth is often a very frustrating exercise, especially when switching devices.  If the phone and SoundFly do not pair perfectly from the get go, it turns into a few minutes of restarting the unit, cycling BT power on the phone, unpairing and repairing, and hoping they talk nice to each other.  The worst is going to from one car to the other (both have their own SoundFly).  They both send out their name as &#34;SoundFly BT&#34;, so the phone will have a single profile for both devices.  This does not work.  What has worked for me is by starting fresh, pairing the first, renaming it &#34;SoundFly Jeep&#34; on my phone, pairing the second, then renaming it &#34;SoundFly Toyota&#34;.  This works fine, until you need to un-pair and re-pair a couple days later when they don't play nice anymore.  Then you have to start the whole exercise over again.  What my wife and I have ended up doing is pairing my phone with one car and her phone with the other and leaving them alone (I use a cassette adapter in her car if I'm in it alone).As my Jeep does not have an auxiliary input, and cassette adapters do not work in the tape deck, an FM transmitter is the only solution I have to streaming music and podcasts in my car without changing my factory head unit.  I like the idea of the BT capability, as I can set it and forget it without having to always plug something into my phone.  I appreciate that when this works it works well, but I am using it as a last resort.  I would recommend it to others in that light, and look forward to when I find something that works better.
First off, I love the Soundfly BT. But I have one glitch of a problem.I've had this problem on my iPhone 4 and 4S on both iOS4.3 and iOS5. The Soundfly connects, I start music playing from my iPhone, all is good. If I press pause on the Soundfly and hit resume right away, it works normal. But if it is paused more than five seconds, the display switches from 'Sto', to 'BT' and then pressing play the display just says 'non' and nothing happens.Am I doing something wrong? Is there a possible firmware fix?
Much and most have been said about this unit already except that there's nothing on the screen to show what's currently playing from your SD card. Why? for there are less sophisticated and really cheap players that do.
I gave up on FM transmitters after this device.  I've tried several but haven't had much luck with any of them.  Static, inability to tune to the correct station, music drop outs, etc. all lead to a very frustrating listening experience while driving.
I bought this thing mostly for my boat.  I do mp3's almost exclusively in there.  Thought it would be nice to replace an iTrip with this thing to add phone capability.Setup is a bit odd, and you have to sort through a manual written in some kind of Engrish...but if you can deal with that, all the info you need is in there.It pairs with a phone and the bluetooth audio does work.  Sounds a bit "tinny", but if you've got a really decent stereo, you can clean up the sound to an acceptable quality.  If your stereo doesn't have a good EQ...well...you get what you pay for.Hands free call quality is kind of awful and buzzes quite a bit.  Keep the mic close to your head and it works a bit better.  No where near the quality of the built in one in the car, but then, what do you expect?It's got USB power so you can keep your iPod alive and connect the headphone jack on your ipod in the aux-input.  It won't cut down volume when you get an incoming call, but I didn't expect it to with an aux-in device -- although you might expect that it would.It will switch over to phone hands free if you are playing music from your phone, but it is a bit goofy on answering a call.  Sometimes it's hard to tell if it really answered or not, and there's a "pop" noise as it switches modes. Also happens all the time when it changes  songs on your phone.  They could probably fix that with firmware, sometime in the future with another model.You get what you pay for.
I used the Soundfly BT for about a month now, and here's my review.pros - plays from SD card, remote control is easy to use, good FM sound qualitycons - no builtin speaker, no builtin rechargeable battery, I don't like the wired mic, it should have a builtin mic
The sound quality is very good for this type of device.  The only complaint is that BT does not automatically switch on when entering the car.  I use iPhone 3GS and every time I must turn on BT from iPhone, then turn on PANDORA, etc.  Occasionally, after turning on BT, the sound level stays low and requiring restarting BT connection.  Otherwise, hands free phone call quality and music quality is excellent.
Terrible static noise when using bluetooth and the corded option. Doesn't matter what radio station. If I have the volume low, it's alright I suppose. :/
Broadcasting private calls and (C) music over public radio?  This is why we moved to spread spectrum, no?If hands-free is a law, in most states/nations, and not pertaining to CB handsets, then maybe we can offer the 'BT 80C' or BTC-730, instead of 'FM' radio retransmission.Now if HD Radio had any standards you might be able to send an addressable signal alongside traffic and weather alerts.  But isn't that what Bluetooth is for?
Liked the black color, but I failed to notice that IPhone 4 is not listed. It didn't work at all with my IPhone 4, and the back of the package says it's not compatible with the 3G Ipod either (but I haven't tested that).
Works for the I-Phone 3GPros:Side arms securing the deviceRemote ControlUSB port and input jack (for other devices)Cons:Static from incoming FM Station (not strong enough output or strong station in Southern California)Message stating that it is not compatible.Flexible arm attachment hard to attach to device (warning on box stating you must use force)An incoming phones call causes a huge distortion.Overall, it isn't bad, but I had to make some adjustments like using my headphones as an antennae (putting my earphone across my visor and putting the jack in (not all the way plugged in)) to get a clearer and stronger reception. It is convenient since Southern California has the hands-free law, but if you live in a city with many radio stations, I would not recommend this device. However, if you want to secure your I-Phone for navigation purposes, it is pretty good. Hope this helps some of you decide whether to purchase or not.
I had a problem with this product and my iPhone. Satachi is a superb customer service company in the same league as Nordstrom and Zappos. (Amazon, take note.) They replaced my iPhone and refunded my money and couldn't have been nicer about the whole thing. I have some friends who use this with their iPhones and they report it works really well. it's so great to find a company you can trust.
It's hard to put up...take down and set up. I was often half way to where I was going before I got it going
My upper arms are small, but knowing the strap was Velcro led me to believe it would allow flexible sizing. Wrong. The smallest I can make it is still way too large for my arms. I am now debating whether to sew on more of the "stiff" velcro to the strap because this will allow me to make it smaller. If I do make this fix it will probably mean I will need to cut off the end of the strap otherwise the extra length will be cumbersome. I like the product, but the product description should have included the size of upper arm it will fit. Seriously, this will fit on my thigh so a measurement would have been VERY helpful.
It was too small that my husband can't use it. It fits perfect on women, though.It is light and good.. the only negative thing is that if I use it when I workout, the plastic gets stuck on my iphone.
Although this armband did not perfectly fit my arm, after writing a review to that effect I was notified of a partial refund from this company. What an unexpected result! I thought that was very gracious of them. The product is good and works great. It was just a sizing issue. Perhaps having a longer piece of reciprocal velcro to allow for variations in arm size would take care of any future issues...Thanks again for the refund. I appreciate it.
This was a pretty well made product, but if you have bigger than average arms, then this isn't the armband case for you.  Go with something that has a totally elastic band.  This was just way too small, and I am not really a big guy, but this just didn't cut it for me.
Overall, this is a good product.  My only issue with this product was that the clear cover already had a few scratches on the back when it arrived.  I guess that is to be expected, as it is an inexpensive clear hard cover.
So I bought this charger a while back, the first time, and it completely fell apart. I threw that one away, not expecting anything. The company responded to my negative feedback and said that if I removed the negative feedback, they'd send me another charger. GREAT IDEA! I was a bit weary, but they send me a new one, much sturdier than the first. However, when I tried to use it in my car, it may charge for a while, but would then start acting up. Instead of holding a charge, it would charge/not charge back and forth in rapid succession, causing the phone to bleep at me. Needless to say, VERY ANNOYING, and I couldnt use it to charge my phone. I tried to use it in another vehicle, same thing happened. So I contact the company again and say that Im going to send it back in, and ask for a refund. I explained everything about this being the second try and they sent me a mailing label. I send back the second one (first one in the trash a LONG time ago) and they ask what happened to the first. SO, I dont even know if Ill get a refund for either, but I was happy to get it out of my posession. I hope others have had luck.
This case came with no screen protector, which J&R told me was a manufacturer's error with the first run of these cases--the manufacturer is supposed to be shipping me a screen protector in the future. The case itself fits the new iPod Touch 2G almost too snugly, and is difficult to insert and remove. Perhaps this will improve with time as the leather stretches. I do like the clip that can hang on a belt loop or inside a purse, as well as the lanyard for exercising outside in the winter--this could be worn around the neck under a coat during walking activities, and remain dry. Overall, not a bad case.
The items feel very generic and cheap but they are all compatible with my 2G Ipod Touch. I've heard of generic chargers causing problems for some people's ipods but nothing has happened with mine. I just remember it's charging and disconnect as soon as it's done.Update: Car charger no longer works. I've only used it twice.
The quality of the product is not up to Apple standards, but neither is the price. 8-) These are basic, no-frills accessories.PRO: Cheap, cheap, cheap. Works well with my 2nd-gen iPod touch.CON: The dock connector on the data cable and the car charger is larger than that on Apple's cable. If you have a case with a particularly small opening (such as the fantastic SwitchEasy Neo Crystal), it may not fit without some modification. (No modification necessary for the wall charger's smaller plug.)NOTE: The products I received WERE NOT the products pictured. I received a wall charger with a much smaller, sideways-oriented transformer. The data cable I received was a sturdy cable rather than the rather flimsy retractable one in the picture. These differences may be why my assessment differs from the earlier reviews of this product.
The case is very easy to put on and take off.  Too easy in fact...  Just by pulling slightly on either part of the case separates it and causes it to fall off.  Also, the opening for a headphone jack is rather small, so any output jack for speakers most likely won't fit, only headphones will fit.
It's ok, but we decided to buy a folio case after purchasing this. The casing, does protect it, but when you put it on, be careful there isn't anything, and I mean anything, on the backing of the iPod when you are putting on the case. The back of our iPod has a couple scratches from the case rubbing against the iPod. Dust and other small particles gets stuck between the case and the iPod. I took off the case and the ipod was very dirty on the edges where the case and the iPod meet. The screen protector helps but if you mess up it's hard to fix without messing up again. (Having dust, smudges, or other small particles on the screen). We dropped it once and the bottom of the case fell off.Also if you want to buy a case buy it while they have the $5 dollar promotion is still on. We bought this before it started and wish we had that.
I ordered this case to be able to easily slide it on and off.The screen protector was very good and fit well,but the case was poorly made.It had an annoying loose piece where the pieces came together,which wasnt much of a problem if you just pushed the pieces together more.I would recommend buying the skullcandy slider case,for it has guard rails in it.Overall I would give this case a 7 out of 10.
This case seemed perfect at the beginning when i bought it. It protects from other objects scratching the ipod, but i doesn't protect from itself. Little bits of dirt or other small objects get into the case via the holes for the buttons and the part that slides off. It may not seem like stuff can get in, but stuff does. Then when you slide your case a little bit, it scratches the ipod. Also, the case isn't that strong. i was playing a game where you have to shake the ipod, and the case slipped off and my ipod went flying onto the ground. Also, the case chipped. The thin strip that goes across the front at the bottom of the case right above the port also broke. This case is good for a couple months, but it really is a bad case. I just ordered theSpeck PixelSkin Rubberized Case for iPod touch 2G (Black), and i'll see how that turns out.
The case is beautiful, full protection for the ipod, but... the lower part (the black one) tends to come off too easy, so I have to put something in the middle of the 2 parts to stick together because the ipod was scratched.
I liked the flexibility of this case.  Can be used as an armband, table stand or just a protective shell.  It probably did protect my ipod a couple times.  I dropped it and the case came off, but in doing so I thing it absorbed the shock for my ipod.  A few months after getting it the belt clip broke (cracked) I'm not sure how.  Upon it's last fall the shell broke and will no longer close onto the ipod.  I am happy that it protected my ipod- but I would have liked a protective case to stand up to a few falls.
no need to review something for an I phone 3.  they don't make em anymore.  if you have a rotary phone you should buy this.
All you really need is a suction cup to open up your iphone. These "pry apart" tools are really shoddily made and get worn easily. It also took forever to get these in the mail from eforcity.
I used this product once and the plastic at the tip meant for prying got completely shredded. If you need to get inside your iPod I'd recommend just going to a store and having someone else do it.
It will give a hard time when tring to take your iphone out the case (when connecting the iphone to a speakers jack). it won't protect the phone in several places (top and bottom).maybe it'll be better to spend a bit more in another better design case.
This stylish gizmo does work. However, it is very directional and had to be placed at a 45* angle in the little slot just under the car radio. There is still some static between songs, but all in all, it is better solution to the stalk type and pigtail units I tried before.
Short and sweet review:  It works relatively well for a wireless unit. You have to find the right position in your car to put the iPod, or the signal will be weak, but once you find that spot, it's very clear. On the downside, it's a bigtime battery drain. On a fully charged iPod Nano battery, I can only manage about 1.5 hours of life while using the iTrip. This is a brand new battery, so I don't think it's an old battery problem.
I rated it in the middle because I actually received the wrong product.  I needed the 5G version instead of 4G; so product is probably great but the inputs for the 4G and 5G are on opposite sides.  The 4G will plug in but is not completely aligned with the ipod.  I wrote to ask how I might switch out the wrong one for the correct one but have not heard any response yet.
Stay away from this itrip, get the wired one instead , the design its soo right, but performance : very poor, looks awesome on the nano, but you never get complete freedom to use your ipod when in the car.A slight move and you get noise. Really not for City use.
I'm not sure why I bought this case. When I got it, the quality of the materials surprised me. A nice leather case with a magnetic latch in the back which closes easily. There is a headphone port and the top is kept open so you can still access the Lock slider on top of the iPod. The iPod actually fits pretty snugly in the case when you first put it in...but here comes the flaw. The design of the case, with the opening at the bottom, just DOESN'T WORK. Every time I'd unbutton the case and try to fiddle with the scroll wheel to change the song or adjust the volume, gravity would take hold, and the Pod would just start sliding out the bottom of the case. Now this just made it annoying to use, and not worth the protective qualities of the case.Overall, a quality case that's made unusable by its own design. Buy a top or side-flip case instead.
When I first recieved the case, I was surprised at the quality and snugness of the case. It closed and fastened well and it offered good protection against fingerprints and damage.However, the first thing i noticed was that the only headphones that would fit into the ipod through the case were the iPod headphones, but even those took some force to get in through the small hole.Also, the case offered no screen protection, so I still had problems with fingerprints and dust that could be annoying when trying to see the screen in sunlight.Also, after a few weeks, the case seemed to get gradually looser and less convenient. If i opened the case to plug in different headphones or change the song, the iPod would almost always slip right out of the bottom of the case.Overall, the quality and protection of the case isnt bad, but the design certainly has some flaws, and if you're looking for some solid heavy protection, I would reccomend something else. If you really dont care about fingerprints or a loose case, go ahead and buy it, its a great deal.
Since the flap opens from the top, the ipod tends to slip out a little bit. This makes it difficult to use the click wheel. Otherwise, good quality of material, etc.
This case will withstand a few drops but don't count on any protection after that. For the price it's not bad.
Iskin products are always pricy and in my experience are often the sturdiest protective cases for Ipods. Be forewarned though that my one attempted warranty claim for an iSkin product (belt clip broke on an old 5G case) was never acknowledged by the company despite a phone message and many emails. Basically buy this case for the design and materials quality, not the warranty. Having never made any other Ipod case warranty claims, I can't say if this bad service is customary in the industry or not.Anyway, besides the questionable warranty, the Ipod Touch 2G Duo case has another issue. Iskin like many other Touch case mfgrs gives you a thin plastic screen to apply to your Touch screen so you can use the touch function without leaving prints or scratches on the screen. Also like most other manufacturers, Iskin gives you exactly one chance to install the film correctly. You need to clean the screen and then precisely apply the film while using a credit card to smooth out the air bubbles.iSkin claims you can always detach and reapply the film, but they are fibbing a bit, as the film gets smudged from fingerprint oil very easily if you pull it off for another go and also picks up dust particles which then become embedded in the film. Therefore unless you want a smudgy and dusty Ipod screen, you need to make the first installation of the film the only one.In my case, the first film application produced some massive air bubbles that I could not get out from under the film even with a credit card. I pulled the film off for another effort and ended up with a greasy dusty film that would not look too appealing on my Ipod. I will now have to return the entire unit and try again.Besides the one shot film installation, it should be pointed out that the hard visor screen protector included prevents use of the touch function when it is on. As you transport your Touch around, you so must choose between the (hypothetically installed) filmy screen that provides only smudge and scratch protection (but also full use of the touch screen) or the hard visor that gives better impact protection but also desensitizes the screen so it cannot be used for touching. You can take the visor on and off pretty easily, but compared to prior iSkin designs for click wheel Ipods that allowed you to use the wheel while also giving it some protection, this choice between protection and functionality is unwelcome.Also, this design omits a belt clip, just as well as iSkin could never really make them very sturdy anyway. And the "Ozone" color combo is really quite ugly - the gray case is quite drab and the other colors would seem to appeal to most of the population more readily.If this sounds like an overly negative review, I can only say that iSkin is the worst product except when compared to all the others. I've tried a number of other brands like Speck, Griffin, and Extreme Mac, and the iSkin is the best in terms of features and design by a wide margin. Even the annoying film application process and the choice between light film and heavy visor is very typical of other comparable products.Buy as cheaply as possible, get someone with keen eyes and a steady hand to help with the film application, and make sure your Amazon vendor will accept returns and exchanges with no restocking fee in case you botch the film installation.
it's not good but very nice quality like originali tried to fix the power switch from 4pm to 2am ,the power not like the original one,so i used the old one again, ,
I received this to replace on on an iPhone 3G that was not working.  The part was slightly different than OEM (some screw holes did not line up, particularly on the headphone jack.)  I got it installed and the phone was working except for the power button and the volume buttons.  I have to press very hard on the buttons to get then to work.  Pretty much having to use a pen or other object to push the buttons because they do not work otherwise.  I am not sure if I would recommend this particular part, but I guess it works to an extent.  I may look for a different one.
This part works fine but is a soft switch.  It does not "click" into position like the OEM part did.  Because of the soft switch you can accidently move it easily into silent mode without knowing.  The part works fine but if I had it to do over again I would have paid the extra money for the OEM part.
I use this with my iPhone 3GS which has support for Nike+PROS:>The buttons work to manage the volume, skip back or forward tracks of music, pause and end the workout, and to have the male or female voice read back your progress in the middle of the run. The left side button will also activate your "Power Song">The band fits well, is attractive and seems to be quite durable. It also appears to resist moisture and perspirationCONS:>While the LED watch is cleverly designed (it scrolls the time across the display), its really only readable in a very dark environment (like in a dark room or at night)>If you have your iPhone in your pocket while you run, anytime you make an adjustment with the remote, the screen powers on and the onscreen controls become active. This is a problem because as the phone is bouncing about in your pocket, your leg may inadvertently activate any of these controls. The fix for this is to put it in an armband or other case you can attach to the waistband of your pants or shorts>The device was crippled so it can ONLY be used if you are using the Nike+ application and you are on a workout and your shoe sensor is active (ie. your feet are moving). It CANNOT be used to control the ipod of your iPhone otherwise.>One little bug (fixable I'm sure) - when you end your workout with the remote, the "voice" is supposed to read you a summary of your workout - unfortunately, it cuts off after just a few words. When you end your workout by tapping on the iPhone screen instead, you get the whole synopsis.SUMMARY:For me it's worth the money because it's too cumbersome (and dangerous) to manage your music and your run on the iPhone screen.The remote functions work well overall - but you'll have to invest in a case for the iPhone to keep it away from any contact with your body to avoid inadvertent control activations on the screen.Don't plan on using it as a watch (or as an ipod remote outside of the Nike+ application).TIP: turn off the "Shake to shuffle" function on your iPhone or you may inadvertently shuffle your songs while you run
Not compatible with my iTouch 2G. It works perfect with my wife's iPod nano 4G though.
This product looks great and is well made. However the overall funcitionality is debatable. The iPhone goes in easy - however, taking it out is another story. About 50% of the time it pops back out nicely the other 50% is a wrestling match. If I had to do it all over again I probably would pass on this item. It looks cool but isn't very practical. As I move from my office to attend a meeting or am on the go removing the iPhone is a hastle and I rarely remember or feel the need to redock when I return to my desk.
I was very happy with this product when I opened the package. It's what can be expected for $30, in terms of fit and finish. It does what it says it does, and I like that.  My problem comes when I try to "eject" the device from the holder. If you have a cover on your phone (which you should) it has to come off, and that's fine. I also have an Invisible shield which is awesome. The problem is that this causes the phone to be very difficult to get into, and out of the holder. The "ejection" button is useless. I have to pry it out every time I use it. Perhaps the tolerance should be dialed back a tad. If you have a naked phone it will work great.
I would have rated this 2 stars for the trouble I've had getting to complete the installation, but I wanted to be fair, and in all fairness I had to add one star, I did get what I ordered, and the order was filled properly and on time.  One more star would have been for delivering a comprehensive product.  Two more stars would have been for exceeding expectations.I anticipated that I needed tools, so I bought the tools separately.  Good thing!- The packege arrived with NO instructions, but I did not order them, the seller might think that the buyer must know what he's doing and know what he's getting, so one may argue that it is not the seller fault.  I found instructions in YouTube, but beware and watch a few of them before you decide how to act, there are good and bad instructions there.  The heat gun worked great for me, but act with care.- It is impossible  to install the crystal without the sticky tape.  I am still looking for the proper thickness sticky tape to use.So... good product, good service, but lacked instructions and lacked sticky tape.I only needed the crystal, but next time I will buy the kit with the touch screen, just to get the darn tape, for example:Apple iPhone 3g Glass Screen + Digitizer + Adhesive Lens Cover, but I haven't tried this yet.-- Cheers
This case looks nice, but is a bit too small.  It peels off the glass protector (bought from Apple) that is on my phone as you try to put on the bottom half of the case.  If you do not have a glass protector on your phone I suppose it would fit fine.
We loved the look and the concept of a modern tube radio; took the gamble and bought one.  The controls feel like they're well made.  The disapointment is the mp3 connection.  You might have to do some leg work to find the right cables and adapters to connect an ipod to the RCA jack (no wonder why it wasn't included).  We're keeping the radio, but definitely wouldn't have bought it had we known how inferior the sound quality is when you use it with an mp3 player. It's got a full, warm sound otherwise; great radio reception that locks in to a signal better than a tivoli.
When simply connected to my A/V dock connector, this device works as advertised.  Audio line out worked nicely.  Functions from the dock's remote work as expected (play, skip, etc).  I didn't test video out.I apparently never tested line in on my car's cable with the new iPod before buying this adapter, because that doesn't work with or without this adapter.  This adapter _does_ work on my older iPod in the same car, so there's still something more going on with compatibility with the newer iPods (grumble, groan).Long story short, If you use your iPod in the car, make sure it functions fine (except for charging) with your car's system _before_ buying this adapter.  It only fixes the charging problem.  I'll still be able to use this adapter, but the car was my primary reason for wanting it.  (hence the low star rating)---update: I just learned that Apple changed the spec for line-out as well, so that's why this adapter doesn't work for me.  The new spec requires a resister between a couple of pins.  I assume this adapter doesn't have that resister because if it did, then it would cause problems with the accessories that _do_ have the resister.
A few years ago I dropped a ton of cash on some I pod docks and speakers like the BOSE sound dock... When I upgraded to the new nano and I phone none of my docks would charge my Phone/pod so I picked this up figuring it would work out as a spacer I would plug in to my dock and the other end into the pod/phone and regain my charging ability.It works but maintains a bad connection...when connected it always plays the music but only sporadically charges.I have ordered a new firewire/usb adapter from another company that locks into place so I hope that one will work better.This adaptor fails to "click into place" (the sound you hear when you use the ipod cable).
I purchased these Griffin charge converters to allow my iPod Touch 2G & iPhone 3GS to be able to charge on some docks I have. As I found out, it is not compatible with ALL the legacy 12V/Firewire charge type docks as on some docks it won't allow charging at all & on other docks it only allows charging when you remove power & reinstate power - but then stops charging after a few minutes. I also tried the Sosche equivalent of this & found it much more forgiving where it worked on ALL the docks I tried. While I do prefer the lower height of the Griffin product, unfortunately I'm limited with which docks I can use it for.By the way, the Griffin is compatible with Onkyo's iPod Dock, the OEM Chrysler Factory radio Ipod Adapter, the Kensington Remote Dock. Even the Tech team at griffin was baffled, so their answer was to send me 2 replacement adapters. Funny thing was that the replacements displayed no improvements & 1 of the 2 replacements they sent had no left channel audio, so seeing the production date codes on the replacements adapters were older - those were the ones that went back to Griffin.
The adapter is loose in the connector in my 2009 VW Jetta.  It works if you hold it really still.  I'm going to look for a more solid adapter.
It works as advertised, allowing my iPhone 3GS to charge while connected to my Infiniti FX iPod connector.  It also fits up to my iPhone OK with my Switch Easy case.  The connection is a tad fragile, though, and I have to be careful not to move the phone around a lot or it easily loses its connection.  Also, I don't understand why these adaptors have to be so bulky.  I would think it's just a simple redirect of some of the wires?  Because of the extra inch or so it adds to the length of my iPhone, I can't place my phone in the top part of my center console, which is where I like to keep it.  I find I only use this on longer trips when I need the phone to charge; otherwise I just take it off.
It works great with a computer, but it does not work with the 110v adapter. I would really like to plug it into a wall instead of needing a computer to play audio or video. I could just use itunes if I had to use the computer.
this was IDEAL for when i was pregnant. . . .i took it everywhere it was easy to use 100% perfect. . . . . .then after three months the power jack in the back died and i have no idea why. . . i would suggest that you buy this product because it is so cheap . . . .but that is also the reason i am suggesting you try and look elswhere. . . . . . ..
This device does what it promises, it allows you to dock your iPhone or iPod touch, and use the device in landscape mode. That being said:I was not thrilled to see that the USB power cable is not a standard mini or micro. It is a proprietary plug that looks much like what you get from most power bricks.  There is no reason at all to use a proprietary cable design when the device uses USB power.The device does not permit you to have your iDevice in any form of case. It must be removed from any protective case before placing it into the device.  This is annoying and cumbersome.So, if you are using this with an older iDevice that you intend to use only as a clock (and therefore not remove it or need to plug it into a multiple locations), it's a fine unit.  Well built and sturdy.  If you wanted to use this to dock your device at night, and/or need to travel - skip this one.
WHY?  oh WHY is it that no one can make the perfect dock for iPhone/iPod Touch???This unit is an excellent value - but I have some suggestions for the manufacturer....First the Pro's:1.  Compact dock - easy to place anywhere.  Great at the office.2.  PLAYS VIDEOS IN HORIZONTAL MODE - Why aren't there more docks available that do this?3.  Charges my iPhone 3gs while playing audio or video.4.  Price is certainly right!Now the Con's:1.  Come on, eforcity - 99% of iPhones out there are BLACK.  Why did you choose to make this thing available in WHITE ONLY????  Come ON - Make it available in black.2.  The sound quality is barely better than the transistor radio on "Gilligans Island".  This is ok when I listen to talk radio podcasts in the office - but it's a huge let down when playing a video in comparison to my old ipod connected to an ihome.  If you're looking for great sound - this is NOT it.3.  You must take your unit out of any protective skin....  Can't SOMEONE make a dock and sell it WITH a protective skin that you don't have to remove to use the dock?4.  There's that super bright LED again (that eforcity is known for).  At least they put it on the back of the unit this time, so it isn't so intrusive.Suggestions to the manufacturer:1.  Make it available in black.2.  Higher quality speakers/audio - worth a price increase.3.  Perhaps a jack on the unit to plug in external speakers.  User could choose their own computer speakers.4.  Headphone jack on the unit.5.  A remote control.6.  Sell it with a protective skin that can stay on while docked - Or better yet - make the dock part adjustable so that a user can set it to accept whatever protective skin they are using.All in all a good unit - good bang for the buck.  I would just like to see someone come out with the dock we all want (great sound, Horizontal viewing, adjustable docking for use with protective skins).- Ron Donofero
I like this unit to use on a desk where you dont want a lot of volume. It has the cradle that adjusts up and down for a good viewing angle. It charges your IPod touch while using. It has the USB cable to plug it into your computer for power or if you have the Apple electric USB converter you can use that to plug it into the electric.Its small, easy to use and works great but NOT with the IPhone 4 32 gb, no sound and dont charge either.
Conflict of interest disclosure: Vendor provided a free copy of this item to me for the purpose of this review.The Power Block Reserve is a black very stylish and elegant charging device. Works in almost any 100 to 240 volt AC wall socket and delivers safe power levels for iPod, iPhone, MP3 players and other USB devices. It boasts of an additional 6 hours of music and video on the iPod classic and 1 1/2 hours of web access and talk time on the iPhone 3G. You can charge your iPhone or iPod at the same time that you are charging the reserve battery in the USB slot.Removable reserve battery pack provides additional use of your iPod or iPhone. Lighted meter on reserve battery pack indicates remaining power. Battery pack is also available as a spare and is interchangeable with the Powerjolt Reserve.Putting the sleek design and compactness of the charger aside there are some short comings with this product. The stated time capacity I think is rather over stated. While using it on my iPhone I got maybe an hours worth of use out of it. It appeared to have discharged my phone entirely. Even after plugging in my iPhone to charge I still was not able to access any apps until about a half hours worth of charge had been made to my phone. It would keep shutting down and kept displaying the dead battery symbol.The removable battery while small and easy to take with you has no protection on the ends so if you are carrying it in your pocket or a purse it is subject to getting filled with debris. I think maybe the battery is being pressed against objects in what ever you are carrying may attribute to its low charge or maybe that's just what it does. In order for you to see how much charge is left you have to put the battery on the phone for it to work.The airplane mode indicator would pop up intermittently. Tried turning the phone of completely and then restarted it hoping that it wouldn't happen again...it did. Will admit didn't want to move my phone around too much when the battery was attached because I kept thinking I might accidentally break off the connector in the iPhone. It does appear that it's secure when it's attached to the phone just nervous about bumping into it.  I have the Mophie which I use all the time and that gives me about 2 days worth of power if I just talk or surf the web or check email. When I use it for heavy gaming I get about 14 or so hours worth of life in my phone before I have to charge it.This backup battery is just that a back up for when you might need a bit of juice for an emergency when you are traveling or maybe finishing up that song before you land.
Lasted less than a year.  Just stopped working today.  Good while it lasts.
I found this FM transmitter to be a bit more fuzzy than the average car adapter.  It isn't terribly noticable if you are playing music, especially music with distortion.  However listening to spoken word such as audiobooks or stand up comedy can be a chore.The charger works ok, but doesn't really provide much of an umphf.  It seems to be best suited for keeping the Iphone at the charge it was at when you plugged it in more than actually recharging the battery.  Ok product, but you can probably do better.
I bought this device to both charge the iPhone and play music through the radio.  You MUST find a blank frequency or the background station will likely distort your music.  Even on a clear frequency, the highs are slightly clipped.  The cord is coiled but only reaches about 2 ft.  This barely makes it to the front seat where I lay the device and wants to pull it off the seat.  Make sure your lighter socket is fairly close to where you want to locate the device.  Selecting a frequency is straight forward as well as the on/off button.  The connector locks into the device and you must squeeze the tabs on the side of the connector to release it.  Overall, not bad - gets the job done.
I like it for playing my itunes songs. The sound is great once you find an empty station. It works well to charge the phone. The cord is very short and doesn't have much 'spring' to it. I mean it is very short!!!! I can't have it plugged in and look for my favorite song on the phone.
I bought this item in April 2011. At first, I just loved it. It was easy to clamp on to most places and it was nice and sturdy. However, as I used it more, it became clear that it's incredibly easy to strip the swivel mount. The teeth on one side are metal and on the other side they are plastic. So, a word of caution: adjust the mount very very carefully, or you will strip it as well.In fact, mine is now so stripped that the entire thing falls apart if I try to put the iPhone in it. I am in the middle of doing a filming project and thought I could use the holder to perch the iPhone to do the video shoots. Last night, as we were filming, I had to tape the clamp part onto the snake part and it still didn't work.I will now need to find another method to make this work since the mount is now useless with the adjustable snake holder.
I use this to shoot video of our band.  It holds the iphone 4 snug and securely.  The only issue is the clip; if you are not using a thick surface to clip on, it will become very unstable.  I have to add more to my music stand to keep it steady.  Needs at least 3/4 inch surface to clip adequately.
it was ordered for my husbands wheelchair and it did not work well. it might do better on something else
The product does its basic job fine; it holds your iPhone in place allowing you hands-free communication.I use this on my desk at home so I can have my iPhone like a mini-monitor. It's great for monitoring stocks and any other useful apps you have (or just playing games without having to hold your phone or place it flat on a desk). It's also great for reading, as you can sit back and enjoy reading digital books on your iPhone without having to constantly being holding your phone in front of your face. My most useful purpose however has been simply having my phone in this while talking on the phone. It is great for someone like me who prefers to use speakerphone and multi-task while on phonecalls.With all that being said, the usefulness of this product is only half the battle. The construction is a little fault, with the iPhone not being properly supported at all times. Sometimes my phone will begin to sink from its original position as the cord bends from the weight. When attempting to turn and maneuver my phone, the grip on the desk also begins to slip (have tested on desks of varying thickness, all function the same way). After awhile, my phone has come close to falling, forcing me to push the grip back further onto the desk.The design also limits what it can be placed on. If something is too thick, it is nearly impossible. The same goes for something which does not have much depth. If it is too thin of a surface, the stability is weaker.It's a nice product if you have a good setup for it, but it's not highly reliable in design. I assume pricier models of this device function better in that regard, if you have the extra cash to spend.
The little clip part that attached to the table fell off within an hour of taking it out of the box.  The two little pins that hold it on fall out very easy, and I had to push them back in to get them to hold.  Then they fell out again and I super-glued them on the outside so they hopefully won't slide out again.Otherwise...  the product does what it advertises.  It's just not made very well.
Pro: clamp allows placement in varied locations.Hold iphone 3gs well at angle of your choice.Cons: Not strong enough to hold iphone 3gs c Mophie Juicepack air.
I originally pourchased this item to hold my phone in my automobile. When I opened the holder it was as expected, the phone fit  perfectly into the holder; but, the clamp wodul not open enough to fit where I thought it would in my automobile. Again...great product - wrong product for my needs.
I purchased this for a trip with 6 different flight segments, lay overs etc.  I put some movies on my iPhone for my girlfriend and I to watch.  Over all it worked exactly as it should.  There is some room for improvement.Firstly, as many people have said, the clamp could be made of metal and the rivet through both the spring at the back of the clamp and the foot at the front could be an actual bolt.  This would go a long way.Secondly the goose arm could be more bendable.  I could not position the phone so that the majority of the arm was behind the base and the face of the phone was square with it.  I could push it to hat position, but when I let go the arm would spring forward.Thirdly, there needs to be a ball and cup joint where the arm meets the clamp.  The current set up works great on horizontal surfaces but not so good on vertical because of the lack of flexibility of this one area. A ball and cup joint with 4 groves so the arm could be laid over flat in any of the 4 directions and then tightened would make it that much more useful.Lastly, a quick way to disassemble everything.  This takes up a lot of room in my current cary on.  To be able to separate the clamp neck and phone holder to put away between flights would be a great plus.Overall worked well, but could be improved.  With that said, I will be bringing it on flights with me in the future.  3.5 stars wasn't available but thats really where it should be!
Pin fell out of the bottom clasp and lip keeps coming loose. I have to constantly re-insert pin to use so it's now sitting in my electronic graveyard. Great idea to help your fingers and neck from constant strain.
The idea behind In Your Face is a good one. It certainly would earn 5 stars if the spring clamp was stronger and the it was not so difficult to remove your phone after use. I use my iPhone GPS in rental cars frequently and In Your Face was just what I was looking for. With it I am able to position my phone in an easy to see location. Regardless of a few short comings, it was a worthwhile purchase.
I like the idea of goose neck with the clip, if it works.  But to me, this iphone holder is not quite right yet.  First, the clips is too strong and slippery therefore It dropped my iphone so many times. Even after I securely clipped it on, still moves and snapped out.  So I have to carefully watch for a few second and get the right angle until it really stay still.  Second, it's too hard to put the phone in (need 3 hands to do it).  I expect better quality for the price.  But I appreciate the super fast shipment. Thank you.
i have been using this cleep for 2 years... however, it is so week to hold.. so it is moving all the time.i hate that so.. i use tape and hold tie and it becomes better...
I bought this for my office with my iPhone 4, and it is too loud. The minimum volume setting is equal to the medium volume setting on other speakers, which makes it unusable for me in the office.  If you have no care of minimum sound, than it is a good product for the price.
This was exactly what I was looking for my desk at work.  It has the tilt or landscape function to watch your iTouch movies/videos, but the volume control was either loud or really loud.  On the lowest setting and with my iTouch volume at it's lowest could be heard 10 to 12 cubicles away.  If you don't mind having everyone listening to your music or podcasts with in your office space this is for you.
I needed this for my office, where we're not allowed to use headphones anymore.  I thought for the price tag, it would be a decent product, and loved the compact size and that I could put my iPod touch in landscape mode.  However, the buttons for the volume do not allow you to fine tune it enough.  When the sound is way too soft, the next push of the button makes it way too freaking loud.  No in-between.  And even when it is on the too quiet setting, it will just get REALLY LOUD for no reason.  Out of the blue.  I have to turn it off when I leave my desk.  It doesn't retain the sound setting either, so when I turn it back on, I have to quick hit the down volume button fifty times, or else it will automatically turn on at full volume.  A bit embarassing.  It would be perfect if it wasn't for the volume issues - maybe if it had a volume knob, and not those useless - and + buttons.
its good to have an item like this when you're on the road in the middle of nowhere with no radio signal. unfortunately whether on the road or in the city i often have to rescan to find another station to play my music with less static. it takes a while to find the clearest stations. im not sure if that is the fault of the device or of the radio.
I probably need to play with it more, but the background fuzz whisper whatever you want to call it makes it sound like you're playing a record. But again, I probably need to play with frequencies more for stronger, clearer signal.
Just cant to seem to find a static or interference free station. Smart scan works but it's only mediocre. Good start for finding a frequency but it doesn't last to incredibly long. Rather bummed by it's performance
I like this product, especially that you can charge the device while listening to it. However, I have had rotten luck with devices like this, including this one-the cord frays, the charging for the device sometimes stops, and the sound quality isn't as great as it's advertised. I wish I had a newer car and could just use a aux port cord...
The original PILL is a little better. I think the sound quality is the same but some of the pieces appear to be higher quality.  Still you can't get it in red and this was a much easier purchase.  I am happy with my purchase but understand that if you put it up next to the original your product will look inferior.
The good:These speakers are really small and very compact. They are magnetized on the bottom so fit together. They also come with a carrying case. Very handy!  They charge on your computer (about 2 hrs), so are completely portable- no batteries to replace.The not so good:The sound. I'm not sure what speakers the first reviewer was listening to, but mine are about mediocre at best.  The sound is tinny in a regular sized room. The louder you play them, the worse they sound.  They sound about equal to my mac laptop's built-in speakers.Overall:  Great for the price and the size and portability are worth it. If you are looking for 'big' sound, buy something else.
These are extremely limited speakers, but do allow for convenient travel use.  $1 earphones actually sound a little better, but it is nice to have external speakers to use with my ipod.
bought them to listen to mp3  while I work around house and garage they are ok  not super but they work ok for what they are and the price they are.
I love the size and portability of these little tweaker speakers.  Super portable, very cute design that blends easily, and they sound very decent for the size and price.  I have them set up behind my laptop at work, and could easily see using them when camping or something like that.  The biggest downside is that I get periods of extended static and crackling that seems to come out of nowhere.  Seems like a quick toggle of the on/off switch and they are "ok" for a little while, but I'm not thrilled that I have to do that.  Not sure if this is an isolated incident with this set of tweakers, I may purchase another set for my wife soon and will find out then.UPDATE after 2 months:  I've realized that these are only staticky when they are plugged into the USB port to charge.  The static gets to be unbearable and is extremely annoying. Not sure if I have a bad set of tweakers, but I inevitably unplug the USB cable to get rid of the hiss, and then forget to re-plug it in and go home for the day and return to dead batteries.  I figure a few more full discharges like that and these will be dead dead dead.
Not quite what I expected, but I know for the price, they aren't going to sound great.  They're small, compact and worked, just didn't have the quality I was hoping for.  However, they were received in a timely manner and packaged appropriately.