Love the way it looks. Ok for the price. I wish it had a front cover as well.
I ordered this case because I have a white Iphone 3G S and its a little scratched on the back, also i have always regreted getting white because i think black looks more sleek. The case looks good for not being made by apple! It fits well and looks real, even the apple logo looks good!What i love is that it came the day it said it would and also it was marked as fragile. When i opened the package the case was wrapped tightly in a lot of bubble wrap, and then there was another layer of bubble wrap over that! I am really pleased with the shipping and how they handled the package.I will warn you that the camera hole isnt perfect but with cases like these its never perfect. Also i will warn you that if you wanted something to completely hide your iphones color this case doesnt do it. The speakers and plug in spot are open, the volume conntrols,the lock button, sim and headphone jack is also left open. I really like this though. Over all its a great case!
item came quick and well packed. It fits perfect, everything alligned well. I would love to give 5 stars but the item has smudgy look to it. it does not matter how much and with what i clean it it is still there. it is not dirt. anytime you touch it there is a mark of your fingerprint printed immediately on it like you would have on a glass or mirror.
The cover looks nice. My cover did have like 2 dings on the corner but not noticeable enough to complain. Overall the cover feels great while holding in your hand and from a distance looks like a silver phone which is the look I was going for since EVERYONE owns a black iphone these days with cheap looking black rubber covers. This gives the iphone a legit look. Not to crazy about the curved area around the earphone jack and at the bottom where the dock is it has a small rough spot where the cover was probably clipped off during production. But not noticeable unless you demand perfection from a $1 case. I was impressed with the apple logo and text because they are both crisp and not blurry. I recommend it for a nice alternative and I plan on trying out some of the other colors.
It came in very fast, and even though its cheap, its worth the money.i like the color, and how it looks like a normal iphone back.i'd reccomend it if you like yellow.
I first got the white one and later this black one because it serves me well in protecting my iPhone. It's classy and cheap at the same time. Value for money, definitely!
I'm really enjoying the Rio; use a different headset though for better sound. Only real negative is that it doesnt support NT....but then I dont think any MP3 players do....I am very satisfied!
I purchased this from Audible for 99 bucks about 13 months ago. As an audio book device this is a wonderful player. Upgrade with another 64 MB Smart Media card and you'll get about 9 hours of very good quality spoken word. As a music player it is good but not great. Not enough memory for more than an hour or two of good quality music. The 500 has a quality feel to it that other players do not. It has the look and feel of a first generation device that was over built and probably wasn't intended to make a large profit. Very small, slips into a pocket and is rugged enough to stand up to a fair amount of abuse. Great battery life compared to a minidisc player I used to use - at least 12 honest hours of playback on a single AA battery. Subsequent Rio mp3 players are bigger and aren't as elegant as the 500. Forget the included software. Download RIOsitude from hotfiles.com. A free program that is intuitive to use, fast and reliable. As good as this player is the Apple iPod has established a new benchmark for portable players. The Apple uses a 5 GB microdrive which hasn't proven itself yet in terms of reliability but is certainly a step in the right direction. Bottom line is that the 500 is a supremely good audio book device, a great spoken word device, a good music player but too little memory for more than a couple hours of high quality audio.
I am pretty satisfied with my Rio500.  But there are a few things toconsider when purchasing one.  First of all, don't bother with theRioPort Audio Manager software, it's nowhere near as easy or as intuitive as MusicMatch Jukebox...  MusicMatch also downloads directly to Rio, at whatever bitrate you specify.If you're buying this to listen to Audible books online, be aware that Audible has caused nothing but problems for me.  First of all, their software didn't start supporting Rio500 until 2 weeks ago (the Rio hardware was ready and Audible happily sold me books without a way to upload them to my Rio -- bad advertising).  Audible only has their Rio500 software in Beta, it's extremely buggy and crashes often.  And here's the kicker: If you have an Audible book on your Rio500, you CAN'T have any mp3's on it!  It's either Audible or MP3 until you delete the Audible files and go back to MusicMatch to upload your mp3's.  Audible says they're &quot;working on it&quot;.  We'll see.Given the choice again, I probably should have just waited until the new PocketPC's that support mp3's came out.  Especially for the price.
Here's what I like: it has a built-in microphone and line-in jack for recording PCM audio (with 3 quality settings). It has file transfer  capabilities, and you can download contact data and memos, which display on  the LCD along with a clock. It's tiny, with good battery life on 1 AA and  it has a battery gauge on the LCD. It has a button lock to keep it from  getting bumped to the wrong settings. The sound quality is very good, with  surprisingly decent earbuds from Sennheiser--they won't make you want to  throw away your Sennheiser SR-600 headphones, but they're the best earbuds  I've heard, and they're tiny like the RaveMP.Here's what I don't like:  the software ONLY RUNS ON WIN 95/98--the RaveMP won't work on NT, Linux,  Mac, etc. While there is third party software for the Rio, I have been  unable to find any that works with the RaveMP. Also, it uses a (usually  scarce) parallel port instead of USB, with a proprietary cable you'll never  be able to find another of. The controls are not very intuitive and the  software is merely adequate.Bottom line: it isn't perfect, but if Win  95/98 is your platform, this is a very good unit. The file-transfer, memo,  and voice recording features are very cool additions. Until somebody comes  out with a better one, I would recommend this to other people.
I just got my RaveMP 2100, and I love it.  I have heard a few other MP players and this one sounds as good if not better.  The transfer time is also excellent.  I think it's the faster parallel transfer I have ever  seen.  Takes only like 10-20 secs a song on my computer.  I also love the  other features like the built in mic that is very sesitive, great for  recording meetings etc.. and the ability to store memos, contacts and phone  numbers.  Not to mention that is serves as a mini-harddrive and you can  load any type of data on it to take to a friends house.  I haven't seen any  other MP3 player that can do all this.  I would have gave it five stars,  but the only drawbacks to this player is that it uses propritary mememory  upgrade and currently can go only to 96 megs. That no a big deal since the  player comes with 64 megs that seems like plenty for now.  I would also  like the volume to go a tad higher.  It goes to 20, and it sounds pretty  loud, but I use mine at 15, so that only allow 5 more before I max out, and  as I age, my hearing might go as well.  This again isnt a really big  problem since you can just record your MP3 file at a higher volumn and  sampling rate.  If you in the market for a MP3 player, take a good look at  this great player! note: You can put MP3's into this unit but you can  upload mp3s back to a computer due to copyright restrictions.  But another  way around this is if you want to take mp3s to a friends house, just zip  them up or rename them with a different extension and load them on the  player as a regular file, and that way you can upload the mp3's to your  friends computer. Pretty sweet huh?
After considering the purchase of an MP3 player for a long time, I finally broke down and got one. I have just recently began using it and I am very pleased with its performance. I had previously read a lot of bad reviews about this product and was apprehensive and doubtful of its capabilities. I had immediately expected problems with the installation and downloads of the songs but surprisingly all steps were executed quickly and successfully within the first attempt. The software is simple to use and understand and song downloads are completed in seconds. The player itself is small and can fit conveniently in a coat pocket or purse. It's also great that it can be used simultaneously as a music player and a personal organizer. Its buttons and different settings such as the playback and equalizer options are easy to adjust. Contrary to negative reviews about the sound quality, I found it to be clear and free of any static or background distortion as was experienced by other buyers. The sound is also remarkable without the use of the headphones included in the package. The only drawback is the limited memory which is used up quite rapidly if you download especially large files, allowing the storage of only 6 or 7 songs. All in all, this is a great introduction to the portable MP3 format for all first-time users such as myself.
I did some research in order to find a good mp3 player that was good and fit my budgit and the rave mp3 2100 looked good.  With mostley good reviews i decided to buy it.  When it came I was able to put songs from my computer on to the unit very easily.  But after a week my screen started going blank and not showing anything so i  called up customer service which they were eaisly able to be reached and they had me send it in to get it replaced.  They said it would take 2 weeks for it to return to me and they lived up to their claim it came wihin 2 weeks.  Since then i have had no problems with the unit and except for the flaw in it i would have to say it is well worth your money.
I purchased the Rave MP2100 after reviewing comments on Amazon and several other web sites.I purchased it primarily for use while running and biking. So far I have found it to be an excellent mp3 player.It comes  with 64MB RAM, expandable to 96MB  (which I did a week later, purchased  directly from the Sensory Science Web site, the only place I could find  that sold it.So far it has worked perfectly. I did replace the headphone  with another model, but only be- cause I am not blessed with ears that have  the notches required for most ear-bud headphones. This, also improved the  sound quality and loudness.The software installed without a hitch on a  win98 system, and the parallel port connection has worked perfectly. I am  sure that a USB  link would be much quicker, but most songs transfer inn  20-30 seconds. Acceptable to me.My biggest complaint, and this applies  to ALL MP3 players that I reviewed, is that the software ONLY runs on  win95/98. (some USB systems now have software for Macintoshes).  I run  Linux and am reduced to using a win98 system to transfer files.The  strange hourglass design of the case is actually great for sports, fits in  the hand very well. When I purchased the memory upgrade, it installed  exactly as specified. Opened the back, plugged it in, and the system  recoginized the ram immediately. It did not even affect the songs that were  stored in the system.Other features include voice recording, memos,  and  the software includes a few audio books you can download to the player, and  a demo version of an MP3 ripping program that works pretty well. Pay them  money and it will work much better!
I think the Ravemp player is a great little portable hard-drive.  But it also lacks some features (like storing songs on removable flash cards,  no backlight, and not usb).  It also has some great features that some mp3  players dont have.
I have read the other reviews and I am surprised at some of the users problems.  I guess not everyone is computer savy.I connected the parallel cabel, connected the MP2100, and loaded the software without a  hitch. Ripped my own CDs at 128 bit (any lower and you sacrafice quality),  dragged the new mp3 files to the appropriate window and I was all set.  What is all the fuss about?Sound quality on my own ripped mp3 files was  great.  The quality from the internet varies greatly so don't judge the  play quality on someones elses mistakes.  Stay with 128 bit rate when  ripping and quality is on par with CD Rom.The only gripe I have is  parallel port connection versus USB.  USB is a little faster but and a  little less bulky but not so much that it is a problem.  Just would be  nicer with the USB. Also, you need to read the manual to perform the other  functions.  Not intuitive as someone else mentioned.  Again, Not a big  problem...just need to read (maybe that is the problem, no one likes to  read direcitons).Overall I am very happy.  Nice features and a slim  design.  Hold button is nice and so is the external input and output.  I  give it a 4 out 5 flaming puckered stars.  USB would make it 4.5 cause a 5  is almost unobtainable in my book.
I bought this about three weeks ago.  The software installed easily, and downloading .MP3 format music is a snap. I use 64kps encoding (I walk to work in a busy city -- the ambient noise level is high so I'd rather trade  number of titles for sound quality).  I've been very pleased with the sound  quality and ease of use.  The controls are relatively simple and intuitive,  but some basic procedures -- setting the clock for instance -- could be  made easier.The major downside is the constuction of the instrument.  The battery case cover slips off from time to time and it does not seem to  matter how I secure it.  Sooner or later I'm going to lose that part.  The  overall feel is flimsy, but having said that, the fact is that it has  bounced around in my pack for several weeks and been on several plane  flights with out a hitch.Overall a pretty good value.
This is a sweet deal. The functionality of this MP3 unit is excellent, with simple software, easy, intuitive controls (I never read the manual) and a pretty darned good display. It gets the highest marks for having a full 64 Megs built-in, for having *the best* sounding earbuds ever and for costing under a hundred bucks. The voice memo recorder and PDA features are nice little extras. The only real drawback is the parallel port connection for downloads. It is much slower than a USB, but if your computer has no USB port, you are in luck here.
I chose the Rave:MP as a college student on a budget.  I waslooking for a unit that was affordable, offered a good sound and had at least 64M of memory...once you price memory cards, you'll look for this too!  After reading numerous reviews (some good, some bad), I chose Sensory Science's Rave:MP.When I first received my first Rave:MP unit, the software loaded fine onto my computer.  However, the unit was not being recognized by my computer.  I got constant error messages telling me that it could not find the Rave:MP.  As a computer regular, I tried numerous settings - including some the manual did not suggest, with no success.  I spoke with customer service through e-mail from Sensory Science.  They were prompt with all of their replies (we fired a bunch of e-mails back and forth in a period of an hour) but were not much help.  They finally suggested that I return the unit from where I purchased it and get a replacement.Just the other day I received my replacement.  It works great - and worked on the first try.  There were no problems with it being recognized by my computer and the setup was rather easy.  The sound quality is great - almost CD quality depending on the mp3 file.  I would say the only little thing that bothers me is the time it takes to transfer songs to the player...not too slow, but not as fast as you'd like it to be - of, course we always want things to be faster :) Also, plugging the cable into the printer port may be a pain for some people - but I have a scanner and slave connected it to that.Although my initial experience was a hastle, I love this player!  And it was a deal!...
The quality of this Mp3 player cant be beat and the fact that you can store any type of file on it is great.  The memo option is also great for storing everyday things, like shopping lists.  The mic is excellent,  although it is SUPER sensitive.  The display is excellent and easy to  navigate.  The only problem I have had is that I cannot get the files to  transfer from my computer to the player on my primary computer. I am lucky  enough to have 2 computers and the player works fine on the other.  I have  even tried it on other friends computers and it works fine on theirs, so I  am guessing that it is just something buggy on mine.  Overall I think it is  definetly worth the price and the 40 buck rebate makes it a even better buy
The first few hours after I received the raveMP 2100 were frustrating.  First, I learned that the software is not compatible with Windows 2000, which I use at work; it works only with Windows 95 and Windows 98.Second, after I successfully loaded the software on my home computer (Windows 98), configuration of the parallel port was my next obstacle.  This is a necessary step, I believe, and can be frustrating if you don't know where to look on your computer to perform this configuration.Finally, after I successfully established the connection between my computer and raveMP 2100, it appeared to successfully download several MP3 files to the player.  Alas, on the player, I received a &quot;file error&quot; message.I sent an e-mail to Sensory Science through its Web site but still have not received a reply.  I called the company's support number (a toll call) and received good instructions (essentially needed to reset the player).Now my player is up and running and I am very satisfied with the ease of the file transfer process as well as with the sound quality (near-CD).  In other words, although I believe Sensory Science can add additional troubleshooting content to its manual, once I was up an running, I have had no problems with the player.  Both the player's user interface and the desktop software are intuitive, and I am impressed by the sound.
This is a Great Player.  Not only is the music sound quality great but it can even record your voice.  You can record your teacher giving a lecture! (lol) I truly think this stylish looking player is one of the best out  there.  It's so easy to transfer the songs from your pc to the player.  I  suggest this mp3 player.  This skip-free music player is definitely a  winner.  However, another great one is I-Jam.  Your choice!
I spent a lot of time looking at these and I hope someone finds this information useful.  The player is *really* small (like a stack of 10 or so credit cards), and very light- but also very loud and with great sound quality.  The extra features are what make this thing cool- the record feature is just phenomenal, it sounds very god and is extremely useful.The earbud headphones that come with it aren't so great, but if you're investing this much a $10 pair of decent headphones is worthwhile.You'll have to either use 56kb mp3's or else buy the expansion card- or else you'll be stuck with about 4 or 5 songs.  But 56k sounds pretty good.I had no problems with the software.Finally, there is the display- it flakes out on me for no apparent reason.  I can read it, but it's sometimes it fades away.  Usually it's not a big problem, but if you want to be certain you're recording something and you only get one shot it's a little annoying.Unfortunately I heard these were being discontinued, and I think the reason is that this product cannibalizes sales from the more expensive players that have higher markups, so they can't get them on the shelves anywhere- but that's just a theory.
I own the sister device to the Pine MP3 player, the D-Link DMP-100.  When I first bought the device, I couldn't figure out how to download songs into the player.  I spent 30 minutes on hold with the customer service dept. before they explained how to set the parallel port to &quot;ECP MODE&quot;.After that, downloads were not a problem.  I was a bit disspointed that 32mb's translates to about 8 songs (max.) But the sound quality is TERRIFIC.  One of the nicer features is the built-in equalizer.When I bought my new computer with Windows Me, I encountered major conflicts with the D-link software.  Their customer service suggested I download the D'music software that was tailored for Windows Me.  For some strange reason, I could only download music with the D'music software once, before my DELL computer had conflicts with their software.  Despite all the trouble I've gone through with this little device, I give it FOUR STARS because D-Link's website now features downloadable software for all platforms (i.e. Windows Me, 2000 etc...)  I download a fresh set of songs into my mp3 player daily now.But if you're thinking about buying an MP3 player, buy one with MORE built in memory - although the cost may be 50-60 dollars more than this one, you should consider the cost of a compact flash card - 32mb costs at least $40.  Wouldn't it be easier to just have it built in? The choice is yours!
This player is a good one.  It's pretty economical for those who are weary of buying a new technological product.  It has a great EQ.  The volume is clean and clear even at higher levels.  The only drawback is the slow download and upload speed.  It also lacks a good carrier, but I accidently  found a good one for it.  If you buy this product and are looking for a  small carrier, consider buying Kenwood's KPM-10 micro earphones.  The  earphones are't worth it, but you get a nice handy carrier that fits the  player nicely.  It even has a velcro beltloop that can withstand the rigors  of running.  Not bad.
I recently wrote a review and complained about how the manual never tells you how to connect with the player.  Once i changed the printer port to ECP mode, the player connects fine and downloading music is simple.  The player is nice and small, and had a hold button wich is needed if kept in a pocket.  The only drawback is the earphones, they are really cheap! I suggest you buy a decent pair and the player will be perfect!  I love this player and use it daily while jogging!
I bought a Pine D'Music MP3 player not long ago and so far, I LOVE IT! Its great! The MP3 player's digital sound is top quality, the recording feature is handy and the player itself is EXTREMELY SMALL! It fits in the palm of  your hand and can be hidden in a small pocket or up a sleeve. With the  recording feature, you can record conversations up to 2 hours and 15  minutes long! Music is downloaded to the player using a cable hooked up to  your computers Parallel Port. There are two disadvantages to this player,  though: 1.) The memory is only 32 MBs, thats about 12 songs, so you'll  probably have to buy a FlashMemory card, such as the kind used in Digital  Cameras, to store more music. 2.) The earbud headphones are very annoying  because they tend to fall out of your ears when you are on the go.
When i first got this mp3 player it worked fine than after i downloded 5 songs to it i couldent download any more. So i just recoded them and llistened to it of of the computer speakers. This worked for a while then the memory erased its self but then when i put in new batt. it had no songs on it but now it works fine. i would recomend this mp3 plaer to anyone it is also nice and small so it can fit in your pocket (i do that at school) the only problem is the slow download speads becuse it uses a serial port to download but thats not to big of a problem for the convince of it the only other problem is that i still cant find how to get the software to rip the cd music to mp3s so i can download them.
I have read a lot of reviews that say this item is too expensive, not enough memory... and so on. My advice is, know what your needs are before you make a purchase. Yes, the item is fairly pricey. But the cost of owning  the latest technology always is. I've encoding songs using the higher, and  lower compression rates, and it's difficult to tell the difference.  So,............use the lower rate, thus creating a smaller file, and get  more songs on your data card.  I typically get about 10 songs per data  card.  Ok, the cards themselves are not cheap, but they're so tiny they're  cool. And after all isn't that the point?  I use my I-Jam when I cycle,  with some street style headphones, and I don't want to carry around a MD  player.  I want the smallest, lightest, (yet decent sounding) player I can  get.I find that this fulfills my needs, and for me is a good value for  what I want.  Do not be influenced by the negative reviews, this is a good  product!
Does anyone have an archive of the firmware updater for this product?
I've been using the I-Jam for a week now. Here are mythoughts.Overall this is an excellent product.I bought theplayer mainly for use while running because of the fact that it has no moving parts and so can be shaken without interrupting the music. On this score - 10 / 10. It performs beautifully. It is a perfect size and the FM radio gives you something to listen to when you are bored of the MP3 tracks that you have downloaded.Just a few minus points.1. It eats batteries - I think this has something to do with the fact that if you &quot;pause&quot; the player rather than &quot;power off&quot; - it doesn't &quot;auto-off&quot; after a while.2. I bought the Parallel version and haven't been able to get Win2000 drivers for it.I wrote to the Tech Support group a week ago about this - no reply.  END
I was really skeptical when I ordered this player.  Here's how I felt when  I got it:This has to be the smallest player I've seen.  You can easily  fit it in your shirt pocket and it'll never get in your way.  As for the  memory:  You get 2 16MB cards, which will hold about 4 songs each.  It only  takes one card at a time, so don't get upset when you can only have 4 songs  in the unit at once.  As for the songs, you can't play anything with a bit  rate over 128 )it'll sound real bad), so keep that in mind.  You may have  some good music that won't play on this unit.  But, I've found I can get  any song I want at that rate.This has a real nice case with a big  drawback:  The cards fit in the bottom of the unit, and the case doesn't  have a hole in it.  You have to take it all the way out of the case to  change the card.  The headphones are okay, but I'd pick up some others if I  were you for better sound.  The FM tuner would be great if you could pick  up stations.  The sound is good, but stations are hard to get on this  little unit unless you are reasonably close to the radio tower.The sound  quality is great, and it goes loud too.  The bass and treble controls are  also great features, especially if you hook this player up to a car  cassette adapter.  They allow you to fine tune the sound for the best  experience.The 2 AAA batteries seem to last good.  I'm using the  Energizer Rechargable NiMH system they sell here at amazon.  Now, the  display on the i-jam is less than perfect.  It doesnt display the song you  are listening to, its hard to read, and the backlight floods out the digits  when its dark.  You'll keep your sanity with it, though.You can't skip  thru songs (fast forward), you can just play them in whole, or go to the  next one.All in all, I'm very happy with this player.  It was well worth  the money I paid.  I hope in the future they will have larger cards (64 or  128 MB) that we can afford to buy.  If you want a good, rugged, entry level  player with some great features, go for it.  I hope you enjoy it as much as  I do.Ryan
I fell in love with the player when I saw it at Macworld in July. It was definately worth the wait! Smallest and most affordable, the only shortcoming is the memory limit; but new media will be available soon. The  other benefit of this player is that it HAS removable media, no waiting  till you get back to your machine to hear different music, just slide in a  different media card!
The I-jam portable mp3 player is the most affordable (and available) mp3 player with an FM tuner.  The sound quality is excellent for such a portable unit.  The one improvement might be the inclusion of 1X32 Mb card  instead of 2X16 Mb cards.  Overall, I am extremely pleased with my  purchase!
I recieved the player yesterday after getting it as a gift from someone  who bought it during the promo.  I have to say, this is a fantastic player!  The volume is good and loud and crisp without distortion when it needs to  be, and the softs are still crystal!  The I-Jam technology even makes mp3's  encoded at 64 Kbps sound much better than they do in Winamp.  What a great  deal!  30 bux for this little sucker!  The promo made it possible to spend  that extra money on a 64 meg MMCard :)The only disadvantages (if you  have to purchase it full price, this would probably matter): Two 16 meg  MMCards, not a 32 meg card.  The display only uses &quot;TR-01, TR-02,  etc...&quot;  Titles from the ID3 tag would be nice, but it's not  neccessary.  Also, there's no way to put them in the order you want besides  copying the songs in that order.Other than those little setbacks, this  is a GREAT player.
Its a great MP3 player the sound is good and it is just tiny! The only problem is that it comes with 2 16 meg cards instead of one 32 meg card. Luckely you can buy a 32 megabyte card now and eventually a 64meg. card.  There is also noplace to store the extra disk except in  the case that comes with the player (but it falls out a lot) But again you  can buy disk case at the same website.so in conclusion it is a great  player but to get the best out of it you might want to invest another 100  dollars.I really suggest buying this product
Overall I think this is a wonderful product, especially for the price.  Here are the few minor problems:-Install software is junk.  It's outrageously slow and loaded with bugs, but it should work in the end.  Once installed, I had no problems writing/erasing data.-Unable to fast forward/rewind in tracks, only skip tracks.-Radio has interference from wide frequency range (while I was listening to 92.1 I could sometimes hear 92.9 FM)-Earphones don't sound very good and are painful if left in too long.Other than these few problems, the player works great, is tiny, and is definitely worth it for the price when compared to other similar devices.
It's a great deal for [the price]...no one can deny that.  But, the 32MB is actually two 16MB cards which is a pain.  I already lost one of them!  People on the busy city street I was on couldn't understand why I was staring at the ground.  I was looking for the memory card which is about as easy to find as a contact lense.  Still, I've got my &quot;hefty&quot; 16MB left which can hold maybe 3 songs, but I can always fall back on the radio tuner...
A wonderful product with quite reasonable price. Really Hot!
As a college student I dont have that much money. When I saw the price of this MP3 I had to have it.You will not be able to find another MP3 for this price with 64MB. Setting it up honestly only took me about 15 min and I am not good with computers. The only negative thing I have to say is that the ear phones that it comes with are horrible.... but other then that its a good buy.
This afternoon i'm glad to get it. But as expected, the old problems mentioned previously occured. The machine(the installed software) couldn't connect the player, though the play screen showed 'connect' and you actually, can download MP3's from machine to player.The software cann't show up the MP3 list stored in player, so i have no way to edit the playlist in player.BTW, is the ECP configuration refer to a check in the software, for i cann't find it elsewhere.If you know the answer, please let me know.Thank you very much.
The software and documentation that comes with this player is the worst I've seen. It was a major pain to get it going and I almost packed it up and sent it back. The parallel port connection to my computer is a pain too. Other than that, now that I've gone through the hassle of setting it up (and I've calmed down and appologised to my sons for yelling at them), it sounds great. The controls are easy to use and it has ample volume. The earbuds will do in a rush. Is it worth it? For the price, yes. It's $... cheaper than any of the other ones comparable to it.
The Cabo has a design flaw in its back cover. This is why the stereo often malfunctions and no sound is heard out of one speaker. To fix this problem is not that hard if you know how to solder or know someone who does.  Here is all you have to do. Remove the back cover which my void your warranty but they'll probably just give you another one with this problem. It will break sooner or later hence design flaw. Under the belt clip pin holder(not the screw holder) you will find a chip Apprx 2mm x4mm. This chip gets broken free. You must solder it back on using a pen type soldering iron NOT A GUN. Use liquid type solder a drop approx 1/4 mm. After soldering (carful not to overheat 1-2 second max.)you must modify the cover. A sliver of plastic approx 3mm thick must be cut from the pin molding at the top (volume control end)it should look like a D sideways when your done. reassemble the cover and your done.
I'm shocked by the number of unfavorable reviews of this product.  There is very little wrong with the Cabo, especially when you factor in the price.The sound is as good as the MP3's you've encoded, not limited by the player but by the format.  The included software is easy to use: connect then drag and drop. The buttons are all functional and easy to use.  I especially like the volume that is controlled by buttons instead of a wheel.Now to the drawbacks, that have been over-exaggerated by other reviewers.  The included headphones aren't very good; the non-USB interface should have been changed for faster downloading.  The front display isn't backlit, but is otherwise easily readable.  I've had no problems with the internal software, unlike others.  Battery life is a little less than your average CD player, but AAA's are cheap and you can see on the screen if you're running low on power.This was very close to a five star review, and I hope you'll try this MP3 player as an alternative to the more expensive players like Rio.
To anyone who wants to buy this product: BUY it! its  a really good deal and its working for me despite the fact of all of the other terrible reviews. Theres one glitch its that my one of the earphones isnt working so i just bought a pair at osco a really cheap brand and  it works fine. So do buy it it has awesome sound and the software worked juts fine on my PC
....That's pretty good for a 64MB MP3 player that is very light, has good sound, and no mechanical problems.  I rollerblade, run, and bike with the player all the time.  It really puts you in another world, surrounded by music.  Features are better than most 64MB units, with a good screen, easy controls, several equalizer options, and a good belt clip.The only real problem is the software used to interface with the player.  It is cumbersome and you can't preview songs before downloading, so you need to remember what they all sound like when creating a playlist (a problem for librarys of hundreds of MP3 files like mine).  Also, you can't create playlists for future use (a time saver)- kind of a pain.  I like the new version of MusicMatch a lot, and wish that it could interface, but the two products are not compatible.  Also, when the batteries get low, connection and download problems appear- easy to remedy with fresh batteries.  Another (acceptable) minus is the parallel cable connection.  It isn't terribly slow, but it seems so compared to USB.  Use rechargable batteries with this baby, or you will spend mucho bucks on replacements.For the price I am exteremely happy.  Given that technology is changing so fast, I approach these types of players like I do computers.  Don't buy the latest, read reviews, look for sales, expect it to be "obsolete" (or, in the case of these players, to wear out) within a one to two years.
Overall, (I won't go into the stupid hit file then connect and list now) good deal. Sound quality better then expected signal to noise ratio is 90. It's very nice and the features that come with it is a nice package.
I read all of the reviews twice before I bought the Cabo.  Upon first reading the reviews, I was sure I didn't want it.  Then I read on and compared price and what I was looking for and decided to go for it.  I couldn't configure my printer port to ECP so I used the ECP emulation, which is slower but still didn't take long to download the songs.  There does seem to be some difficulty with the actual connection.  However, I opened the box at 6:00 PM and by 7:30 I was with the Cabo on the treadmill at the gym.  I even dropped it as I ran and it didn't skip a beat.  Okay, so I've had it less than 24 hours and I'm writing a review.  I'm very pleased with it.  I'll let you know in a few weeks if I'm still as pleased.  One suggestion, the reviews here were worth more than the manual.  Print out the ones that have helpful hints.  And refer to them when trying to connect.
I bought the Cabo MP3 player for myself about 2 weeks ago and it is amazing! I used to have a Diamond PMP300 SE 64mb, but this Cabo blows it out of the water!Its got just as much memory as Rio500 (64mb)Its got a voice recorder that the Rio500 DOESN'T have.Its got phone book that the Rio 500 DOESN'T have.The sound quality on the Rio500 is *slightly* better.You pay $80 less than for the Rio500!Soild buy all the way! GO CABO!
Now that I have gotten this thing working, I love it. I find it fast and simple to download songs; it never skips, the sound quality is good. Not quite what you get from a premium sound system, but remember, this is a portable device - the sound is more than good enough for walking around, listening in a car, exercise, etc. It comes with software to convert your CDs to MP3 format.The documentation, on the other hand, is terrible. It might as well not have any. I spent hours thinking I had a defective product, until I realized that when the player is plugged into your computer and you open the &quot;CABO Desk&quot; software, you must select &quot;Connect and List&quot; from the file menu *before* doing anything else. Otherwise you will be unable to transfer music. They charge $7 for tech support, so I refused to call. The software to turn CDs into MP3s comes with no documentation whatsoever, but you should be able to figure it out in 15 or 20 minutes.On the whole, I recommend this product. Just be willing to take an hour or two to figure everything out.
Ignore the negative comments about this mp3 player. It works flawlessly as long as you remember to click on connect within the Cabo software. People often forget this step and most frustration lies in this. As for the reviews that the player is &quot;buggy&quot;, that is simply not true. It works like a charm right out of the box. The sound quality is exceptional, remember to put in mp3s that are encoded at 128kb/s. It has less bass than normal but that is okay. The best setting out of the three is the &quot;Classical&quot; mode. Do not use the headphones provided, they are not representative of the sound quality the Cabo reproduces. Find a cheap pair of headphones like the Sennheiser MX400s or 500s and the sound is much cleaner. The construction of this unit are decieving because i have dropped it from a height of five feet and it was still playing without hesitation or pause. The only drawbacks this unit has is that it consumes batteries too fast, about 8 hours of playtime at the highest volume setting, the transparent blue case is tacky, and the parallel port connector. Otherwise, you will appreciate the aluminum brushed buttons which are a nice touch and the light weight for this unit (weighs almost as much as a motorola pager). The 64mb included are a bonus but you also have a memory card slot that can provide 32mb more. Fits about 16 songs at 128kb/s with just the 64mb of memory. Consider it as an attractive alternative to the other more commericalized mp3 players such as the NomadII or Rio 500/600 which are MUCM more expensive.
This player has several things going for it.  It has price, the features are better than average and it is moderately easy to use.  It has great compatibility by using smart media cards to add storage.  I found this to be a super bargain.
Right, I only need 96 mb I have a spare card i also use for my camera, when i first bought it i kept getting errors, do you know why, nothing with the product its actually very simple DONT GET A REFUNDYou need to ctrl+alt+del and get rid of any programs you dont need, all you need for the cabo is explorer, loadqm and systray, everything else can go, apart from this page ;) Then you open CABO DESK and connect and list, drag and drop what you want and its perfect, no skips and the headphones and sound is great, the only downpart is the body, which explains the 4*, be careful with the body because ive already broken the hold button and somehow broken the battery cover. ...Hope ive helped you.
Hello,  I also have this Best Data Cabo 64 mp3 player, and I know that some of you are having several problems with it.  If you have any problems, you can e-mail me, and I'll see if I could help you.  I know how to change to ECP, and other stuff.  Anyway, I like this mp3 player because it is good to me, and the price is fine.  Bye!
I suggest before you do anything with this player, you visit this website and download the latest version (1.1.1.1) of the jazzPiper software. This resolves the connectivity issue that many of the other reviews mention.&lt;POnce I loaded up the software, connected to the Cabo, initialized the memory - I was able to download without issue. Also, my headphone connection appears good as I do not have the left/right issue that some reviewers reported.Overall a good player. Wish the memory was a little more upgradeable, but other than that I'm happy with the unit.
The downside - the 16mb cards store next to nothing, and the coveted 64MB MultiMedia card will cost more than 2x the price of your player! Bottom line: can be gotten  cheap, but expect to pay an arm and a leg for memory if you wish to olay  more than 3 mp3 songs/16MB card. I would wait until  Sensory Science Rave 2300 (with great cheap 40mb memory modules) drops down  to reasonable price range.
The I-Jam is a cute, compact, light and an overall great MP3 player.  I workout a lot and find it MUCH easier to clip this on my hip than a cumbersome tape player.  The sound is excellent and it's extremely easy to set up and download music.  The negative aspects of the I-Jam is that it  comes with (2)16MB multimedia cards.  They can only hold about 4 songs each  and it's difficult to change the cards while working out.  You can purchase  32MB multimedia cards (...) which allows you to record about 8-9  songs.  It would be much better if the company added a 32MB card instead of  the (2) 16MB cards.  Overall for the price, weight, clarity, and size you  can't beat it!
PROS:  1)First of all, the Nomad is small and lightweight, about the size of a deck of cards.  2)Next is the 64 MB of memory, which is expandable with Smartmedia Cards.  3)The FM tuner is always handy whenever my MP3s get boring.  4)It only needs one AA battery.  5)My friends and I found the voice recorder hilarious.CONS:  1)Download speed from the computer to the player is somewhat slow.  2) The LCD tends to get a little bit of debris caught underneath it; not enough to totally block the view of the screen, but it is annoying.  3) Not enough volume to hear while mowing the lawn or something like that.OVERALL:  Definitely worth it.  I've had the Nomad II for six months, and it's never lost its touch.  The CONS I listed are nothing totally disrupting.  If you're considering an MP3 player, this is an awesome one to go with.
The fact that people complain that this doesn't give power to the Nomad Jukebox is silly. It's called the Nomad II Car Adapter Kit. Other than that nit pick, I love it.
When I bought the Rave mp2300 model, some of the flaws in it's design I noticed are: No FM tuner Volume can't go up loud at all The 40 MB disks can really only hold about 9 songs at CD qualityOn the other hand, here are some good things about it: Unlimited storage with Clik! discs Easy to use Interface and software The rechargable battery lasts long and recharges quickly It also serves as an Iomega Clik! drive to store any files It transfers files very fast
Im kinda new to this whole mp3 thing but out of all the ones i've seen this is the best.Some good things include sweet design,voice recording, inexpensive memory, a whole bunch of high tech things like calendar,phonebook,and clock.And its very easy to use.I found only one flaw; the amount of memory you get as soon as you buy it is only about 18 songs(9 on each disk)but its not that big of a deal considering its only about 10$ a disk. other than that its definately top 5 material.
Price and size are great.  It's tiny, light and accepts standard CF cards to increase the memory size (no one in their right mind would use the 8mb card it comes with).  Who cares about an LCD display or equalizer functions?I do have a couple of problems with it:1) Despite taking &quot;industry-standard&quot; CF cards, there are some cards that are incompatible with the IJ-50.  I bought a Simple 96MB card only to find it was not compatible.  There is a compatiblity matrix on [...]  Make sure your card is supported before buying.  I have successfully used a Kingston 48MB out of the box with the IJ-50.2) No belt clip or arm band.  This radio is useless for exercise except for walking.  A belt clip would next to nothing to the price but make this player so much more useful.  As is, it is very easy to drop while running (as I have done several times).
ok first off this is a great product it is great if you think that about an hour of memory isnt enough (like i do...
In My humble opinion this is the truly a useful product for Mac users.  I found it to be very intuitive and fast. It has very good sound quality and menus are easy to read (without glasses :)  ). Hats off to Diamond for remembering the &quot;other PC&quot; users, and coming up with great product!
Too much is never enough. That's the rule for memory in computers, PDAs, and now MP3 players. I love my Rio Diamond 600, but its built-in 32mb of memory is too anemic to suit my daily commuting needs. That's why I had to get the 32mb backpack that doubled the memory of my 600. It slides easily and quickly onto the back of your 600 (or 800) and includes a rechargeable battery and power cord that helps you save AAs. Installation is smoothly and easily supported on my iMac.A small complaint: the backpack ships with virtually no instructions except a sticker on the bag the backpack came in, with essential info on how to upgrade the firmware of your player. Don't throw away that bag, pay close attention and follow these instructions. I hate the recent trend of no instruction manual included with computer hardware, but this is a ridiculous extreme.Don't let that scare you, however: this add-on is pricey but absolutely essential for expanding the memory of your 600/800. I'm hoping that the market for Rio MP3 players is strong enough that they eventually release the long-promised *320*mb backpack.
I love this player.  It's small enough to fit in your pocket, or it can be hooked to your belt - if you wear one.  I take it with me everywhere and the sound quality it great.  The ONLY down side I see to this player is that it really uses up the batteries quick, and since I'm on the move, I can't use an A/C adapter.  Oh well, it's worth it.  No flipping tapes, no skipping of cds.  Definitely a great way to enjoy your music on the go.
This is a breakthrough product, to be sure. The supplied memory, a 340 megabyte, IBM drive alone goes for well over the selling price of this unit. The box is sleek, easy to use, has a pretty good software pkg (though there are better rippers on the freeware mkt) and offers a speaker (and a mic for recording) that will allow you to hear the music sans headphones (not gonna displace that boombox). So what's wrong? This is a more limited product than you might think. With the supplied drive, it requires being tethered to either your home PC (plug into USB) or to your car (plug into lighter socket), as its power needs go beyond what a couple of alkalines can give. It comes, however, with a nifty cassette adapter, so you can play it through your car stereo and have all your music on the road.  If you want to play it without the cords, you have to buy an add-on CompactFlash card (Type I or II), which will run for several hours on the two AAs, but of course now the price has gone up and the capacity has gone down. My advice: If your MP3 needs are mostly automobile-bound, this will work fine. If not, look at other MP3 players, including the Nomad products.
Loading software is simple.  Design of unit is flawless,  Small yet powerful sound reproduction.  Takes only minutes to get acquanted with function controls.  And they are well placed!  I have had no problem with the headphone jack at all.  Actually a very snug fit.  The headphones themselves are not that great, No adjustment for fit,  But sound Very Good.  Would have given a 5 star but FM radio lacks good reception.  The dock and accessory's all work and fit well.  A Quality product from Intel.
Handy, dandy, easy to you, this is the best MP3 player I have ever seen. It holds up to as many as 35 full songs, and it sounds like a dream. Headphones are weird, but you get used to them eventually. The only bad thing is the radio. It vitually is useless indoors. Other than that, this is a good item.
On the whole I am very pleased with the product.  It has a substantial feel, and, to the extent it matters, is attractive.  Prior reviews I've read commented on &quot;hiss&quot; and the poor quality of the headphones.  I do not share these complaints. I find the sound produced by the headphones to be excellent, and actually like that they fit snugly around the ears and back of the head (think the polarfleece Artic 180's earwarmers you may have seen).Did experience some problems loading the software, and once I had it loaded still had a bit of difficulty.  Echoing comments made by a reviewer of another Intel MP3 product, this may have something to do with a &quot;conflict&quot; with other software on my machine, namely RealPlayer/RealOne.  However, things appear to working fine now, but it can take some tinkering.  Also, as noted by another reviewer, the MusicMatch software is not the most user friendly out there, so it can produce some initial frustration.Overall, however, I am very pleased with the product.
The pocket concert provides the following qualities - compact, rechargeable, easy downloading, easy to use, and so far reliable.  The car adapter works very well for spendthrifts like myself who don't buy new cars or car steros.  On the downside, the headset is poor quality and uncomfortable.  Memory is not upgradeable but since it doesn't have moving parts, the system is skip proof.  I use it for working out or working around the house.  I did have some driver issues after upgrading to Windows XP.  Intel's website has all of the upgrades but it took about 6 hours for me to finally get it right.  I haven't had an issue since.  With a better headset, I would have given it 5 stars.
I received this mp3 player as a Christmas gift and I love it.  My only gripe is that when I put the headphones into the jack I have to place the headphones into the jack ever so carefully so I can get perfect reception.  If I don't do it right sometimes I only get sound in one side of the headphones.  It is very easy to install and transfer music to.  Sound quality is excellent once the headphones are placed in the jack properly.  Unfortunately I think I'm going to have to return it for another one.  Hope I have better luck with the next one.
...Things I Like:The build quality.Fit and finish.Good sound at reasonable levels.Nice, small yet functional remoteStraight forward controls.The ability to turn the unit off from the remoteThe ability to store 30 radio presets regardless of AM or FMPrice ...Things I Don't Like:The AZ4000 does not remember where you left off on a track.You can not turn the unit on from the remote.The AZ4000 does not read ID3 tags.Scrolling Text. I find it slow & annoying.Song titles appear only after the track begins playing.There are no tone presets.There is no way to dim or turn off the display (except when using battery power)There are no auxiliary inputs.The Basic Package:For starters, I need to say that I am happy with my purchase of the Philips AZ4000/17 as it meets my basic needs for which I bought it for.I have yet to find the perfect portable MP3 audio device and the AZ4000 is not perfect by any means, but it is a solidly built machine that does many things quite well.Most of my gripes have to do with the lack of functions that I think a MP3 machine should have.The AZ4000 is a solidly built machine whose fit and finish are exemplary for a portable boom-box.The styling is quite unique and does not look very much like anything else out there.The controls are straight forward, easy to understand and are tight fitting.The AZ4000 has a manual volume knob, which I prefer to the up & down arrow buttons frequently found on portables.It runs on 8 D cell alkaline batteries and it also uses a detachable power cord instead of a wall-wart type power supply which is a good thing.The remote is small and controls Volume, Source Selection, CD Transport Functions, Tuner Scan and Presets....The Sound:The sound is very good for a boom-box in it's size and price range. I compared it to about 7 other MP3 capable boom-boxes at a local retailer and it sounded better than all that were there, including the Sony Sports ZS-X3CP.In a small room at moderate levels the AZ4000 does an admirable job of reproducing audio from all 3 sources, CD, MP3 & Tuner.The sound does fall short of a good mini shelf system with detachable speakers or the Bose Wave CD-3000, but the Bose does not play MP3's and costs considerably more.Functionality:The controls on the AZ4000 worked well, as expected. The AZ4000 plays MP3's and CD's quite well, but what surprised me was that it played badly encoded MP3's better than any other MP3 portable I have tried.When I first began shopping for an MP3 machine, I brought a few CDs with MP3's burned at different bitrates, both constant and variable.The AZ4000 played all of the MP3 files, and it played a few that none of the other units were able to play, including the Sony ZS-X3CP.Utility:Although the AZ4000 is well built and quite sturdy, it's cloth exterior and finer finish makes this machine more of a home machine that can be moved from room to room or used in the garage and patio.It really isn't an on-the-go beater to toss in and out of the car on a regular basis. For those who need more of an outdoor, weather resistant machine that can take daily abuse, the Sony ZS-X3CP would be a better choice.Dislikes:My biggest complaint about the AZ4000 is it's MP3 feature set and considering this is a MP3 music machine, Philips really missed the boat on this one. Unlike many portable MP3 players, the AZ4000 does not remember where you left off on a track. To make matters worse, there is no direct numerical entry or even a times ten (X10) track advance. So if you are 3 minutes into track 145 and have to stop for some reason, you lose your place and to get back is a pain. There are a few other things that are on my dislike list but this one impacts me the most...
Very good sound, but it is bulky.  Not really ideal for hauling to the pool or beach if you like to pack a small load.  But the sound is excellent.  Sadly it does not have an audio-in input for like an ipod or other mp3 player.
I bought this about 9 months ago and have used it 2-3X a week for period of 30-60 minutes while working out. Get the 64 MB not the 32MB otherwise you'll be limited to 5-6 songs.The case: reasonable, can't always read the menu but has never fallen off even during B-ball.The earphones: weird but lightweight, single ear pieces and I'm still using them although should buy a padded set of headphones.The software: A real pain, I have to click thru Realplayers advertisements every time I want to transfer mp3s from my PC.  Menus are not intuitive and realplayer often saves my songs anew unless I make them properties, attributes read-only...so a song I downloaded a year ago suddenly has a new date on my hard drive.The battery: change them often.  I always worry about changing the battery because this involves carefully removing the back plate that covers a metal connecting clip with about 24 tiny prongs -- Bend one prong and you're out of luck; however, just take a 2-3 minutes and things should be fine.The buttons; tiny but your fingers get used to them.Overall -- some flaws but hey, it's new technology and still works well.
I think this product (Rio 600 64mb) has a very specific application.  I'm what you'd call a geek on the go, i always have access to a computer and yet i'm out doing stuff.  So for this application, it's great to have a couple hours (i suggest WMA-64 encoding, good space saver for this amount of storage, and sound quality is nice) of music for me to access.  Reason I gave this 4 stars is the price was a bit steep (100 bux) and the included headphones are a bit lax.  However, just purchased sony street wraparound headphones and they do a great job.  The sound reproduction from the Rio is brilliant, the belt clip holds solid, and AA batteries are cheap.  If this situation sounds like you, hook it up.  I'm very satisfied so far.
This is my first MP3 player and so far I am impressed.  I sometimes have problems if I want to use the skip and it accidently stops playback completely.  The only other problem is it is something of a battery hog, but since it only uses 1 AA at a time, I can't really complain.  The software it comes with isn't bad. I'm not a Real Player fan to begin with, but once you get the hang of it, it is fairly simple.  I get about an hour and a half of playback on the memory, depending on file size.  All in all it is good player and I recommend it for beginners to MP3's.
If you have one of these and you can only fit about 6-8 songs on this(I have had the same problem), don't go looking for another mp3player! You just have to buy a backpack 64mb or higher. If you don't have this problem, then I think this is a great mp3player! It has great sound(which you can customize) and it doesn't skip at all! If you are looking for a good mp3player at a good price, then this is it! It's Great!I guarruntee that of you buy this product with another backpack (64mb or highter), then you will think it is great also!
The book mark feature allows more than one person to listen to an audiobook without losing their place. The power consumption is minimal, it uses 1 AA battery that lasts for ever. Its easy to use, along with the audio.com program. The fast forward/rewind feature zips you through your book easily to find the passage you might want to find. The display is easy to read and simple.The &quot;stylish&quot; carry case, however leaves much to be desired. It is almost as stylish as my fathers leisure suit, and the window tries to show both the controls and the display but misses both. I did some trimming on mine.The bottom line is that book listeners will love it. no cassettes to deal with or repair. No crying because the player ate one and the rest of the cassette book is worthless. The price of downloading saves 50 to 75%. And after you download the book you can zip it into your Rio in about a minute or two.
for the reviewer who wrote "This is an excellent player! (if your one of the lucky 10% who actually gets one that works). Even if your one of the lucky 10%, I'll give you three months before it dies on you..That's what mine did." - I wouldn't trust this grammatically incorrect review. I've had my mp3 player for over a year and it works perfectly fine. And if I, along with all the others who have reviewed the product, got it to work for much longer than 3 months, obviously it was the user's use of the product that caused its downfall.The only complaint I have about the product is that the battery indicator is inaccurate. It will be at 60% and then a second later, will just be dead. So be sure to have an extra battery with you when you get under 75%.I am not sure about the validity of the mp3 draining the battery even when it's off, but I find my battery lasts pretty long even if it's been off for awhile
This MP3 player is pretty easy to use and easy to set up. You don't have to be a computer nerd to use it. The design is stylish, and it comes with a belt clip.I've found this MP3 player is quite nice to have while running or exercising. Unlike CD players, it will not skip - so you don't have to hold the thing like a goon the whole time you're running.The downside is the memory. 64 meg. can only hold so many songs, and of course, the higher the quality the more memory each song takes up. It can hold somewhere between a half hour and an hour's worth of songs. This isn't a problem if you're using it to take with you while you're jogging, but it's not the sort of thing you want on a 5 hour plane ride.Erasing and adding tracks to the MP3 player doesn't take too long (maybe 10 minutes), but it is a pain if you change the playlist everytime you want to go to the gym.All in all, this is a neat toy. I'm pretty happy with it.
My best friend purchased this and loved it.  What can I say?  She's not technologically inclined.  I checked it out.  The face plates are easy to use, you can see the screen easily, but as my title states, it's pretty basic.  The headphones are hard to use, I had to ask how to put them in my ear and they never stayed.  That's no big deal though; they can be easily replaced.  The memory space is all that bothers me, and the buttons can be difficult to figure out.
Overall I think this Rio 600 is worth the money. It is reliable, holds a lot of music, sounds great and doesn't skip. I primarily use it for working-out and running. I do like it because it's small enough to wear comfortably so I take it pretty much everywhere. However the headphones are not that great so I bought some Sony sport water resistant ones that sound much better. I also have the problem where it sometimes either won't turn on or it does but freezes and the only way to fix it is to take the battery off and reconnect it. That is a minor inconvienience but I also would rather not have to do it. But as I said, I DO feel is is worth the money and you will enjoy your favorite downloadable songs.
This is my second MP3 player.  My previous one was a Samsung.  As for this Rio 600 here's my initial thoughts. It looks real nice. It sounds as good as any I've heard so far. The battery drain is very low.  It is easy to use with Windows Media Player to load it up. (Get the WMP driver off the Rio site.) I personally hate Real Jukebox (comes with this player).  Most of Real software is Real Bad. And it has a very nice belt clip pouch.  Also it has good ID tags and a very easy to use back lit menu. Those are its strenghs.Weaknesses - Instead of using removable flash media cards it is upgraded via a special backpack which is hard to get right now. It does not seem to be as rugged as I would like.  So I keep it in the belt pouch for protection.  I have yet to call Rio (Sonicblue) customer service. I've been told that they are very weak in service.  I hope I don't have to find out.This of course is my initial review.  I will try and update this review in about a month.
Weighing in and sizing up as to be no larger than a regular deck of playing cards, the Nomad IIc is a great little MP3 player.  It is packaged with a single software CD, USB cable, and 1 battery.  Yup, no headphones.Once you have the player setup, it's ease of use is straight forward.  The screen is backlit and there are different setting options to help you maximize player feedback.  Out of the package, this player supports both MP3 and WMA (however I am finding WMA's a bit more picky to set up).  The onboard 32MB of memory will support roughly 40min of music if ripped at 160Kbps.  You can rip in the range between 20 and 320kbps (CD quality is roughly 128).  The higher your setting, the more memory is used, hence less music you can store.  So I suggest buying a Smart Media chip to increase memory if you want to listen to anymore than 45 minutes worth at a time.  The open end of the firmware will allow you to upgrade to future codecs (so Creative says).The player also has a built in microphone for voice recordings in which you convert later to .wav, .wma, or mp3.I found the onboard menu's pretty easy to navigate.  If you can operate a modern microwave or alarm clock, you can operate this player.The nice thing I think aboout when it comes to Smart Media cards, is that there are no moving parts.  Unlike small hard drives or discs, there is no wear or tear on internal parts.Now the software on the other hand is a bit of a disappointment.  Upon opening the package there is no manual.  You actually have to install the CD-ROM and Adobe Acrobat to get to the manual .pdf files.  Also there are some programs on the disc that have no description on what they do, or why they were included so I am at a loss on whether I want to load them or not.  Basically you only need to load the IIc driver and player software in order to use your Nomad, all others seem to be fluff.  At the very least Creative could have supplied a one page document explaining what exactly the 6 programs on the disc do.The Creative Play Center, while serves it purpose, could have been much more robust. If all you want to do is tranfer files from PC to Nomad, or rip CD's, its very painless and straightforward. Third party software like Real's Jukebox or WinAmp does a much better job in organizing your MP3 library and making changes.  The changes you can make in the included software are basic at best and really limit full control over your music library.  The manual is also buried on the disc and while explanations are adequate, it lacks depth.  For a computer/MP3 newbie, this could prove a little challenging and overwhelming, you may want to look at other software music organizers.  Overall the disc is not too user friendly.
For a reasonable price, the Nomad II delivers everything you would want in a simple, easy to use MP3 player.  The player is compact, and with the included clip it is easy to carry with you.  The controls are intuitive and the display is large enough to show all of the necessary information.  Granted, it could be a bit more crisp and have better constract, but I haven't found it to be a problem.The built-in 32 megabytes of memory is reasonable, but if you're going to be using the player for more than 20 minutes at a time you'll probably want to invest in a larger card.  Personally, I often use the player while exercising and found the built in memory to be adequate.  However, I made the investment in a memory card for longer usage period (plane flights :)) and found it very worthwhile.Getting music on to the player is simple with the included software.  Just attach the player using the provided USB cable and the software automatically detects the player and starts.  Transferring music is as simple as putting in a CD and selecting the tracks you want.  The software handles encoding them (in MP3 or other formats) and transferring them to the player.  Simple.  MP3 creation can be adjusted for smaller size or higher quality, allowing you to optimize the space available on your player.That was the good side of the software.  Unfortunately I think the software is the weakest part of the product.  Yes, it is easy to use, but installing it and using it for more advanced tasks can be tedious.  First, the software must be installed in order to get the full product manual.  Only a small pamphlet is included in the box.  The installation process puts several applications on your system by iterating through the install programs.  Talk about confusing and annoying... and to top it all off, the install process doesn't clearly describe what is being installed.Finally, the user interface for the software is terrible.  For transferring music to the player it is fine, but finding menus and &quot;advanced&quot; properties can be difficult.  The software tries to be cool by being &quot;skinned&quot;, but completely sacrifices usability in doing so.Overall, I love the player and highly recommend it.  The software has it's problems, but isn't a good enough reason to not purchase this product.
For the price, this machine is great.  The only problem I've encounter developed from someone else's review.  The review said that you could purchase up to 128mb of additional memory for the machine.  So without really looking into it I did and had to eventually sell that card and purchase another card for 64mb (the maximum amount allowed for this machine).  But with the new card I am able to listen to 73 songs with this thing.  It's just wonderful.
I purchased this product a few weeks ago and my experience has generally been good. But its far from a perfect product. I gave the product 4 stars because it has a number of shortcomings, but for the low price I'm willing to look past that.Pros:* loaded with features, like graphic equalizer and voice recording* relatively intuitive software* excellent sound quality* built-in USB connectivity (no cradle required)* expansion slot for smart media cards - they keep dropping in price so buying expansion cards down the road will be much cheaper than paying a lot for 64MB or 128MB of internal memory today* uses standard formatted smart media cards, so I can swap my memory card between my digital camera and the Nomad without reformattingCons:* software CD wouldn't install on my Windows 2000 system. I had to download everything from the web site* downloading songs to the Nomad is a bit annoying because the Nomad treats the internal memory and expansion memory as 2 different blocks. So you have to seperately load each part of memory. It would be much more intuitive if it treated both internal and expansion memory as one continuous piece of memory* when viewing the list of songs on the Nomad, the titles don't scroll* inserting and removing an expansion memory card is cumbersome* the base of the Nomad has a small rubber piece that always comes off, no matter how much I try to keep it in place. I finally gave up and threw the rubber piece awayAs you can see, the Nomad isn't perfect but its priced right
I always take a hard look at consumer electronics when purchasing nearly anything. After deciding I needed an MP3 player, I did this and wound up with the Nomad IIc by Creative.The form factor is small enough to fit anywhere, and the interface to my Macintosh is smooth as silk. You get a special version of SoundJam, and can convert CDs en masse. The controls are good enough; the most-used ones are on the central dial, and you can control them through a shirt pocket. Rarely-used ones (like "DSP" and "Erase") may require some searching, but that's perfectly reasonable. The LCD display is legible and the icons are clear.I have only a few complaints.* The voice memo is hard to use; entering the menu item often results in a dialog saying that you don't have any memos. You need to have a quick hand on the "Record" button to enter one. Frankly, I'd have been just as happy without a voice recorder.* The song title only scrolls once, even if the title is longer than will fit on the display. I'd have liked a continuous scroll.* I'd also like a way to isolate the memory card from the internal memory. If I make up special SSFD cards for special purposes-- say, a dance mix as opposed to lullabies-- it would be great to be able to play from ONLY the internal OR the card. (Randomization should therefore work only on the target device.) I hope this will be added in a new version of the software.But these are minor and should not keep you from buying this excellent player! I found it best to buy a card (and chose the Viking 64 Mb) and a docking station at the same time.
I was looking for a basic player to take to the rec center, and that's exactly what I got.Right out of the box I was loading songs with no problem. The software was very intuitive - though I did have to refer to the online manual to figure out how to navigate the menus on the Nomad itself. Luckily the manual is crystal clear.32MB seemed small, but that's fine for my purposes (besides it's expandable, though I don't think I'll find the need.) I loaded 15 songs with no problem using the WMA format at 64kbps. Now I know that's only 'near CD quality' but in the rec center with crappy little head phones, who can tell the difference?This unit doesn't come with headphones. That was fine with me, if it had come with headphones I probably would have just replaced them.There are two reasons I didn't give this 5 stars. One is it doesn't come with rechargeable batteries. There is no reason Creative Labs can't package this with rechargable batteries for the same price - and it's just silly using throw aways in it. Before it even arrived I bought myself a couple of rechargeable batteries and a charger.The other is the belt clip. It is pretty loose. I'm using this in an active environment, and may end up having to buy a carrying case for it.Bottom line - I'm quite pleased with my purchase.
I love the fact that it plays on the casette deck in the car. I only give it 4 stars because there isn't a lot of memory. it holds about 10 songs unless you buy the memory upgrade.
I bought this mp3 player for it's small size and becuase I have an older vehicle with a tape deck and don't want to lug around my cds and it works great for it's purpose.  The battery life is a bit exaggerated but I don't have all of the cords I had with my RCA Lyra.
All in all, this a great product without a clear competitor.  People in the market for an extremely small and lighweight MP3 player who value the ability to play MP3s in their car will be happy with this product so long as they are willing to put up with the few small inconviences that come with using a product that's ahead of its time.The pros:* Very small size and light weight* Great sound quality* Can play your MP3s in any tape deckThe cons:* The software that lets you move MP3s from your computer to this device is not very mature and doesn't support convienences like playlists* The carrying case is cheap and does allow for easy access to the controls* The earphones it comes with are flimsy* The volume control should be a dial instead of a push button
Just wanting to add that, differently from what you read in the specs, the product is fully compatible with Macintosh.Feel free to contact manufacturer's support service...for further details.
I purchased this device to help ease my daily commute by listening to audio books. I already own an Archos 6GB Jukebox for my mp3 music files, and while I love the capacity allowing me to carry a variety of music, it fell short for audio book content. The primary problem is the lack of a bookmark feature.When I found the Digisette DUO-64 I was intrigued, as it seemed to address exactly the problem I wanted to solve. I read the reviews and went ahead with the purchase, and am very satisfied. One point not very clear in the literature is that a separate bookmark is maintained for each file on the device, allowing you to have multiple books or other content (magazines, newspaper, etc.) active at the same time. Battery life is excellent for spoken audio content and the 64 MB memory allows for around 15 hours of audio book content in Audible format 2.This misses 5 stars only because of the slightly touchy navigation within and between programs, but with practice it can be mastered both with the buttons on the device and your cassette player controls. Given the small size, I don't think an LCD is feasible, and for my purposes is unnecessary.For audio book content this player is unbeatable in features and convenience. As a standard MP3 player it is still a great product given its small size and large capacity (up to 128MB with an extra 64MB MMC card).
I purchased this MP3 player in mid November and got a great deal from ....  So, for a... I figured I could not go wrong.  And after reading Customer Report's review, who's overall rating was good, I decided to finally get an MP3 player.  The player is small and light and does everything you need it to do.  I installed the software on WinXP and the USB driver worked fine (even though Windows warned me that it was not XP certified).  It comes with everything you need, but I never even attempted to use the headphones that came with it.  Get yourself some of the behind the ear headphones since you can move around with this player on (does not skip since it uses memory cards) and you don't want your headphones falling off.  I would also recommend a battery charger and two sets of re-chargeable AAA batteries.  Since you're going to be using this player a lot.Pros: Price, easy to use, holds 2 hrs of music (128Mb RAM ~30-35 songs - depends on size of course), I also like the small size and it's practically weightless (which means it is less likely to fall off).  I have not crashed tested mine, so I don't know how much abuse it can take.  The belt clip seems fairly secure.Cons: My LCD screen is not very clear, the "3D sound" feature is not very good (it sounds all distorted), I would prefer Firewire instead of USB for faster transfer between the player and your PC (but a lot people don't have this), and the program for transferring files does not allow you to "maximize" or "resize" it (instead you have a little 4x4 inch interface).I would recommend this to anyone wanting a decent entry-level system.  It sounds great and is easy to use.  For those of you who want to store hundreds of MP3 files on your player, get the players with the hard drive - though they are much heaver and cost more - I'd think you be happier.
Well, as stated in the other reviews the sound quality is great. There are only two things wrong with this player. No bass boost and not enough volume. My sons YP-30S has more of both....but no memory expansion.
I noticed a few reviewers said that the unit's volume capabilitis were not adequeate. Has anyone tried using different headphones then the ones that ship with the unit? I had RIO 500 that had the same problem but worked great after I replaced the haedphons.I am interested in buying this player but not if its volume is really an issue.
This is my second player and in comparison to my first this is a dream machine! My old machine was an audiovox MPDJ 1000. I didn't have any problems with the old player (which after reading the reviews of that player I was probably lucky!), but it didn't have enough memory and the audiovox player does not take non proprietary memory cards.I just got the player today, and still haven't filled it up yet!(Considering my MP3 and CD collection, I'm surprised I didn't fill it up completely in 15 minutes!) It was easy to set up, I love having the FM tuner and unlike the previous reviews can't really complain about the headphones. I found them quite comfortable.How I ended up not really paying anything for this player is a long story, but with the sale price, free shipping, gift certificate, free extra viking 32 mb smart media card, and paid for on a webcertificate this deal could not be beat. ... I basically got paid to buy this player!I would offer the following recommendations:1) I would just transfer the files via drag and drop, and bypass the real jukebox. I only see the real jukebox as helpful if you need to listen to the file before putting into the player as a refresher. Transferring the files directly into the player and bypassing Real Jukebox saves a TREMENDOUS amount of time.2) The fm radio/tuner does sometime depend on the way you are situated and on where the antennae is facing. Point the LCD screen AWAY from you, preferably toward a window and you should get excellent sound. As a remote it's great. For all urban dwellers it's totally convenient to be able to hide your player in your pocket and have only the tiny remote visible. If you ride the subway once the subway goes into the tunnel you merely switch from FM to MP3 with the click of a button. This is great lightweight but solid player.Those are the only two warnings, this is a GREAT player and a wonderful buy for the price!I am a pretty informed shopper and comparison shop extensively before buying, and I would highly recommend this player without hesitation.-t.
Allow this review of a long-standing owner (2 years) to address some of the concerns by those reviews below.  Although the Lyra 2 is not as readily available, it is still out there in the marketplace and for those considering it for purchase, get all the information you can, as you would with any MP3 player.1.)  The bitrate issue was entirely related to the MusicMatch software, which has been addressed (removed) through subsequent releases.  You have the option of capping bitrates at 96, 128 or 160 kbps if you wish to conserve card space (if you listen to books on tape, OTR or the like it isn't as much of an issue) but you don't have to.  You can download at 190, 320 or VBR if you want.2.)  The player still comes with a 32MB CompactFlash card.  I also have a digital camera which uses CompactFlash, and part of my decision to choose the Lyra was because of the same memory platform.  I can use the cards in either as I need them.  Since then, I have purchased additional cards for the camera and now have lots of additional storage to use for the Lyra.  A 2GB Compact Flash card holds a lot of music and obviates the need to continually burn CDs.I've never had functionality problems with the unit, have been able to set up folders on the cards when downloading music to organize it and navigate through them without any issues.  The player has taken a lot of abuse, traveling and commuting and being used in the car with the supplied cassette adapter.  It's never failed me yet.  I do prefer earbuds and never bothered with the headphones that came with the unit.  That is just my preference.It has provided me with great battery life but I do recommend rechargeable NiMH batteries instead of throwaway alkalines if you intend to use it a lot.Compare it with others and the memory provided, flexibility to upgrade memory and price when you make your decision.  At the time it was released this was the only portable on the market with an FM tuner; there is a far greater selection now.Compact Flash memory still gives you better battery life then HDD players like an iPod or Jukebox.  If the batteries die, you can pop in a couple of spare AA's and keep going.  With a HDD player, you're out of luck unless you can plug it into the car or go home and recharge it for several hours.
I bought this last night as I thought it was a good deal at (....). The package didn't say xp but I figured that the website would have a driver for it. Sure enough it did. After downloading it, the installation was ill-fated. It kept saying it will not support xp. So I tried it again and again the same thing. Man that sucked. You know what I did? I reinstalled Windows Me that I originally had. I'm tired of all the BS of trying to run things on xp. My scanner company still hasn't put out a driver for xp. So I figure I will go back to Me for about 6 months and then maybe the drivers will be availible.Well, the player is great as long as you don't use the headphones that came with it. The sound from those sound cheap and not enough bass. So I put on my Phillips headphones and sounds a lot better now. I also recommend getting at least 128MB compact card for more music as the 32MB card that comes with it is insufficent for anything more than 30 minutes.The display is terrific with the backlight. I am very happy with it. No more skipping CD plays on my jog.
Having just received this little gem for Christmas, it is everything it was advertised to be. Although, at better quality rates (above 128), it cannot hold as much as the ad says, with a 64 MB card added, I am getting about 30 songs on average. I find the buttons are well placed and the sound is remarkable. One word of advice, which I feel is not an option. GET NEW HEAPHONES. The set the Yepp comes with is horrible. As are most phones provided. I got the KOSS Porta-Pro phones and the comfort factor shot through the roof as well as the sound. I show friends the difference and they are all astounded. Hook this Yepp up to a good quality set of h-phones and enjoy the sound!
This is the ethernet and HPNA version (home phone line) of the Turtle Beach's Audiotron.  There is a slightly less expensive model that only provides ethernet connectivity, but is in all other respects the same machine.  The ethernet-only version has Amazon ASIN B00006Y0DQ.To sum up the long review I wrote for the non-HPNA version, this is the network audio appliance to get for sound quality because it simply passes on the bits from wave files or MP3s it reads to its optical S/P-DIF without loss.  This allows a high-quality digital-analog converters (DACs) to be used, such as the ones found in even moderately priced A/V receivers.  Setup is reasonably straightforward, but does require some knowledge of Windows networking (it only reads Windows networks, but Linux servers can be accessed through Samba).  And while the web server for remote jukebox control is adequate, it's very slow.
When this unit came out several years ago, I got one to review for a magazine.  I had to send it back after I finished the review, but I didn't - I paid the vendor to keep it!  In all of my reviews, this was the ONLY THING that I had trouble giving up.Unfortunately, Turtle Beach discontinued the unit.  There is still an active online community that works with these things.Originally, the Audiotron would connect to the Turtle Beach servers to download your personalized radio list.  To their credit, Turtle Beach released all of the details of the interface, including how to make your Audiotron talk to your own PC to obtain the radio list.When the unit is powered up, it will look at your entire local network, finding any MP3 WAV or WMV files that are available.  It will even play licensed WMV files as long as the keys are on the PC with the file.Songs can be played by genre, artist, album or playlist.  If you are inventive, you can also talk to its internal web server to control the unit from anywhere.As mentioned earlier, it can play streaming radio as long as the actual stream URL is known and is programmed in to its radio station list.If you don't care for the long network scan when it starts, you can create a database of your songs, ordered any way you like.  When the Audiotron wakes up, it will locate the file and almost instantly load the list, avoiding the very long network scan.Overall, if you can get one of these, it's well worth the trouble.
I bought this after already buying a minidisc player because I figured I could put MP3s on my computer onto alot of minidiscs and the discs are cheaper than the memory cards for MP3 players.I was right, and for a while it worked well.  Some cons are that it records in real time, so if you're recording MP3s (hook the minidisc to the line-out of your CPU and record while you play the MP3s on Winamp or whatever) it takes as long as recording a cd to a tape.  Another thing is that the discs are too cheap (a little over a dollar) and alot of times you can only record 50 minutes of the 74 minutes that they are supposed to hold.  Finally, to my dismay, minidiscs can skip.  Yeah, it's hard to do, but when I run with it I have to hold it in my hand because a pocket or belt clip (which mine didn't come with) would jostle it too much.  It's freakin' heavy too.So now I got this MP3 player after beating up on my minidisc player and all I can say is that it comes with headphones (something I didn't see) and that 32mb is still not alot of memory.  I could only fit 5 songs (Pink Floyd so yeah, some of them were kind of long).  Buy a memory card, the price has gone down on them.  Figure (1 song = 4 mb memory).  It doesn't transfer as fast as I'd hoped either.
i love my mp3 nomad IIc. my sister  tried mine and had to buy one. it beats working out and having to listen to alot of talking on the radio. i love the ability to download music and re-download to change the music. the only drawback i have found is that my headphones did not last very long. i blew out one side of the headphone speaker and ended up buying a new one. i would like to upgrade my 128mb with a 32mb card but i dont know if its really worth it to do that for one hour more of music.  a friend of mine has a rio brand and ive seen an rca brand, these do not compare to the nomad IIc. its has great sound, very compact,easy and convenient to use and download!
If you're not up for paying big bucks for an iPod, this is a great unit.  I connected it to my iMac right out of the box and iTunes recognized it's 32mb of internal memory and the 64mb smart media card I added so I could immediately start transferring tunes.Mine didn't come with phones so I bought some Koss earbuds that have foam earpieces and small tubes that channel the sound into your ears.  This was better than other phones I tried because they seal out the outside noise.  By tweaking the sound settings on the Nomad llc, I get the crisp highs and nice clean bass.  Perfect for my Miles Davis MP3 collection.I reccomend this unit highly.  It has excellent features, small size, awesome battery life, and a great price.
I bought the Nomad II C from Amazon at Christmas and got a great deal on it, and I only paid $.... The 32MB built-in memory isn't really enough, so I recommend that you add at least another 64MB of memory (Amazon has some great deals on SmartMedia cards too). The sounds quality is brilliant but some don't come with headphones, and the ones that come free aren't that good, so I suggest you get a new set of those too. Only other complaints are that you need to take the battery out to the remove the SmartMedia card (if you need to, say, clean it), and that the instructions on how to use the voice recorder are minimal, if not non-existant. I still haven't figured it.The best things include the quality of the sound, immense battery life, compact size, easy navigation of the menu and the fact that the headphone jack is tight enough to hold onto the MP3 player if you drop it - almost like a safety cord.I won't lie - this thing isn't stratchproof, and the lack of a leather case is a bit galling, but the silver finish is great and really makes this MP3 player one of the best going for this kind of price.
I wanted an MP3 player almost exclusively for running, and this fit the bill.  Since I have a good supply of SmartMedia cards for my digital camera, I wanted something compatible.  I also did not want to spend a lot of money on something like this, given the limited use and chances of eventually dropping and  breaking it.  (...)It is a great choice.  Using a 64 mb memory card (which I already had), I have plenty of room for 16-20 songs, which is far more than I listen to on my 3-4 mile runs.  Adding new songs involves only plugging in the USB cable, hitting "transfer," and waiting a few seconds each. Obviously, if you want a lot more memory, or you don't aleady have SmartMedia cards, your mileage may vary.  I will eventually get one of the 6-10 gig players for other uses, but for my purposes, this player is perfect.
I bought the Nomad IIc with 64Mb onboard memory this week, combined it with an old 64Mb SmartMedia card from a failed Philips RUSH player, and lo and behold I've got a sweet 128Mb setup that works great.  I didn't think I could replace my beloved Intel Pocket Concert, whose volume buttons broke after one too many drops to the pavement, but this player fit the bill.  I do miss the FM tuner, but not so much.  I also wish I had a seamless 128Mb of storage--you have to load each memory space separately; however they play back-to-back--but for the price I can't complain.  Also, I have seen complaints about the Creative PlayCenter software.  All I can say is, be patient because it's out there.  Anyway, the software is pretty good--wish it could generate auto playlists like RealJukebox (no, not RealOne)--and it transfers songs as quickly as any MP3 setup I've worked with (4 and counting, now).  All in all, I am hopeful that my Nomad IIc will last a while...
Aside from all the other great reviews about this player which are true for most part here are the things not mentioned:+ it comes with two programs, one of whihc in my opinion is not good cause it names the audio file on player weird and is only good if u dont have a good mp3 file manager program on ur pc, the other program yepp explorer is awesome...it allows you to use any font on your computer to name the mp3 file! thats a cool feature, if you are confused, what i mean is, when you transfer the mp3 onto the player, u can choose what font the name and artist will be scrolled in+ yepp explorer is also very easy to use, it allows u to drag and drop from windows, it works great with XP, it is easy to rearrange files already on mp3 player, no problems with that...+ another great feature is that a startup logo for the player can be changed and customized! with some diffucutly i found this program on the samsung site, you can use any graphic(color will be converted to b&w;) and you can even animate it and make it scroll and stuff (trust me its very cool).+ Voice Recorder: functions pretty good. Although I never use the voice recorder, anyone who is looking for one intergrated into an MP3 player, this is a good one... Also you can transfer the voice recording onto your computer as .wav files+ Comes with external battery adapter (AAA). Comes in handy. I keep it in my bookbag so when I unexpectdly run out of regural battery, just connect this...Now for the negative:- Remote is heavier then player! its very uncomfortable cause it hangs on your ear (if you are using the supplied headphones) the remote does not show the track name it only shows track number. You need the remote to listen to the radio so on Samsungs part the remote/head phone situation is a great failure.- The carry pouch/belt clip thing is very stupid since you would hav to use remote with it(unless you wanna take out the mp3 player every time), its a stupid belt clip but it would make a good holder (for example if u put the mp3 player in ur bag to keep, not to get it scratched up...)- Although not a huge problem, the random mode is not good at all, you have to listen to the song in order for it to go the next track randomly, you can't just press next...To sum it up, the player is great. It does have negative features but they are non significant (except the remote). I dont use the remote anyways. Remotes just get in the way, this player is so small that you can just take it out of your pocket easily unlike a MD player or CD player which are bigger so it would be a bigger struggle....I love it I suggest anyone looking for an MP3 player to buy this one... Compact, Sounds Great, Good Memory, Good Battery
This is a great little MP3 player about the size of a tape. The screen on both the remote and the unit itself is very good and has an eye catching blue backlight. The RioPort software that comes with it for transfer is difficult to use, however the bundled Explorer like application makes up for the RioPort's shortcomings. The headphones that come with the player are relatively good if you like earbuds. The major issue with this player are that it uses a custom Ni-Mh rechargable battery. This is not an issue by itself as the player comes with an adapter to use a regular AAA battery, however this adapter is very poorly designed and is only held on to the player by an AC adapter like plug and is very easy to pull out unless you use the enclosed case. The case is very poorly designed as it forces you to use the remote which has a low profile plug on it, otherwise the cover on the case will not close properly as it has no holes in it for a proper headphone plug as well as making the whole player and AAA adapter too big. Other those two shortcomings this is a pretty good MP3 player for the money.
After a great deal of research over the past 6 months I decided upon the YP-700H because it came with 128MB onboard memory, has an expansion slot, FM Tuner and remote.Software intall was smooth (Win98SE) and the transfer software was somewhat easy to learn. The sound is great, however, there is noticable volume loss when using the remote even though the remote displays the same volume number level as the main unit. I tested this by unplugging the remote and using direct headphones to the unit (sound was considerably improved).Battery life has been excellent so far - charging time is very quick with the supplied wall/outlet battery charger.Headphones/earbuds are poor and sound quality is bad. I immediately replaced them with Sony earclip-style.Overall, I think this is a good player for the money and I am very satisfied with it.
Pros:-Voice recorder (decent)-Extremely small and sleek metal case-Fm radio-Expandable memory (128 mb)-Remote control-Internal rechargeable battery (8 hours)-Indivudual adjustment of treble and bass settings-Relatively loud when playing mp3's, good range of sound as well-Blue backlit LCD on remote and unit displayCons:-Bad earphones, should go with sony nude-ex's-The battery pack swings around-Fm tuner volume is low-Case is not overly well thought out-Software works well, but pretty plain jane
Ok So I have only had this new toy for a day. Negatives are that the person that wrote the user manual is hopefully no longer working for Samsung. Other than that the negatives stop. I like the small(compact) size. Having two sources of battery supply is great. Downloading music (once you get the hang of it) is a breeze. I use both wma(Windows) and mp3 formats. Sound quality is exceptional but I must make it clear that I use a pair of Bose Noise Reducing Headphones (UNBELIEVABLE)Jerry Garcia has never sounded better. The small window (with backlight feature) is easy to scroll around in, although the navigating buttons are a bit small. The built in equilizer is great and gives you pleanty of listening options. I have not had a chance to try out the FM tuner but that is not really why I purchased this device. I have also purchased an additional 128k smart card and will double the listening pleasure from 3 hrs to 6 (smokin!). So for just having made the step from a Walkman(tapes) to this, has been a fun experience. I highly reccomend doing your homework and reading up on the different types but I am very pleased with the Samsung.
This is a great MP3 player.  It has great funtionability and an easy to read screen.  It comes with 128mb on board, which is just huge and has the option to expand that memory with smartmedia.  The compression option seems to work well and vastly improves the amount of music you can put on the player.  I don't think the rechargeable battery quite reaches the advertised 20 hours of use and neither does a duracell ulta AAA reach the 12 hour mark.  The voice recording function is neat, but I don't use it.  I don't use the FM tuner much either.  Download speeds are acceptable with USB 1.0 and beign compatible with USB 2.0 download speeds should be exceptional.All in all this is a great player and it is well worth it's price.  I also have an MP3 player by DGN and I payed a little more for it.  Right now, I don't know which one to keep.
the good:-fm tuner (this was very hard to find on a player with expandable memory and was a must since i work out at the gym a lot. Good reception to hear the different tv stations)-expandable memory-long battery life with the additional battery pack-backlit remote and player window-small, lighweight, sleek player-coolness factor (my co workers were drooling over it :)  )-had no problems running  the software (yepp explorer) on win 2K-fast download timethe bad:-the fm tuner is a little cumbersome when running being that it is heavy enuf that if you clip it to your shirt, it will fall off while running.-a belt strap would be much more useful than the belt clip since if you are a girl, you wear a lot of stuff with thin elastic waist bands.  so if you run, it's just not that sturdy.  The case is fine to just clip onto the treadmill, but i had hoped it would be able to clip to my waist.  mebbe i'll just make my own arm/waist band.-when running software on win XP, caused computer to crash, but then windows XP does that with other apps too...i am thinking downloading the new service pack will help with that...-headphones tend to fall out while running...but i have pretty small ears.  mebbe if you are a guy your ears would be bigger.
After shopping around, trying to match storage capability with small size, I landed on the Yepp 700. So far it has been great. Sound is fantastic and with the 128mb expansion I am able to load hour and hours of high quality music.The software included is written by the folks at RioPortad frankly is lacking relative to MusicMatch, Real One or other jukebox programs. Kind of a pain to reload, sort and make playlists of music already on your PC. Definate opportunity.Regardless of the inconvenience, the size of the unit is great realitive to how much music you can load.
It took a while, but I now love my Yepp. I use better headphones than the ones supplied and I don't use the remote control at all. I find that mp3's play louder without the remote in. So that solved a problem for me. The controls on the main unit are just as good, once you remember them. I like how the play/stop button toggles up and down to go up or down a track.I also like the FM tuner. I don't know why more mp3's don't come with that.I recommend considering this player. Just keep in mind that you may want to use different headphones and you may want to use it without the remote.
The extra AAA battery pack seems a little flimsy, but with the carrying case they give you, you don't have to worry about it coming off.  Uploading songs to it was simple and easy, great sound quality, and I like the little remote control on the headphones.Lightweight, small, and sounds good.
This is a great MP3 player... I've been looking for a long time and found a great one.Love the 128MB flash memory - I also bought a 128MB smart media card and have MORE than enough memory for my music.Two major flaws:  the CD ripper software [stinks].  It locked up my Windows 2000 machine TWICE attempting to connect to the device.  I've decided to use MusicMatch to rip my CD's, and use the much more user-friendly Yepp Explorer software to actually download.Also, the physical design of the case isn't so great.  In order to use the carrying case, you must use the remote control device, so you end up having to clip the carrying case AND the remote control device onto your shorts if you're working out... not very convenient.  If you try to plug the headphones directly into the MP3 player, the flap on the carrying case won't close.  I ended up buying a different set of headphones, which allows me to plug directly into the mp3 player w/o using the remote control.Overall a GREAT player.  Definitely recommend it...
In terms of size, looks and "slickness", this player takes the cake. It has a rare combination of features that are not found on any other smaller flash memory player. I use it to "discreetly" carry music to work and record meetings. Except for the earphones it is indiscernible to others. At present I  only use the built in 128 MB of memory and have 50 songs stored in WMA format (64k) with room to spare for voice recording.PROS:* Great features: 128 MB built in memory, MP3 & WMA support, voice recording, FM tuner with presets, expandable memory slot (add an extra 128 MB of storage)* Great size: very small and light, fits nicely in a shirt pocket.* Ni-mh rechargeable battery: good for about 12 hours of music* AAA Battery pack to use while charging the main battery (good for about 8 hours - hence the 20 hours promised by Samsung)* Belt clip case is very small and slick, great as an inconspicuous player carrier* Controls are handy (once you learn them). Can access song lists, equalizer and voice recording mode all with the touch of a button.* Great Sound - Good volume; nice clean mid's and high's with strong dynamic bass(in DBB mode)* Supports USB 2.0 (up to 480 mbps)CONS:* Does not include an AC adaptor (instead it provides the battery pack to use while charging the main battery)* Supports WMA (windows media format) but does not allow a direct copy over from the media player (this is a problem more with WMP than the 700 - WMP support should be coming though).* yepp audio software does not often recognize song info on existing music files, only reads them accurately when recorded from CD directly to yepp software (a hassle for internet audio files)* When using the player in the carrying case with headphone, you cannot close the case, unless you plug the headphones into the remote and the remote into the player (weird oversight on Samsungs part)* Included ear pods sound okay but are not very comfortable.NOTE: The case closure and ear pod comfort problem can be addressed with a new set of "low profile" earphones - a standard "L" mini-jack will not work - I recommend Sony Fontopia model# MDR-EX70LP, they are small enough and sound amazing.# This player is ideal for folks who:- Want a small discrete player- Want voice recording capability- Use WMA format- Want FM tuner- Want a rechargeable Lithium-ion battery# This player is not so good for folks who:- Want to take a large audio collection with them- Like MP3 format (at 128k) and don't want to change or tweak (compress) their files.- Want data storage in addition to music- Want seamless integration between music sharing activities (i.e. bearshare, limewire) and their player.Summary:This is slick portable WMA device with a radio and voice recording capability.* Hardcore MP3 audiophiles who want a small player with mega storage will probably want to look at the I-pod player and Xplay as a better solution.
I have always wanted a small portable music player. After thorough comparisons of features, size, and reviews between different brands and models, I finally decided to buy this one. I actually bought it with the intention of returning it because of some of the negative reviews, but it turns out that it is a very good player after all with only few drawbacks.First, let me talk about the goods.1. It's small, light, easy to carry.2. It has enought memory. You can record 2 hrs of MP3 music, or if you convert to WMA, it doubles the capacity or more depends on the compression of the WMA files. Right now, I have 75 songs in WMA format, and still have space for at least 20 more songs. Plus, it has a expandable slot.3. Songs are transferred fast. It takes only a few seconds to download one song to the player. I didn't even try the &quot;2X&quot; method yet.4. It has FM tuner w/ 5 presets, which is very convenient. One thing to keep in mind is that you have to use the remote to listen to FM.Now the flaws.1. The control bottons on the player are small and hard to press. (But the ones on the remote are placed well and much easier to use.)2. The software is ok. Since I read so many reviews complaining about it, I only add files maually instead of letting it search my hard drive. But still, it doesn't recognize some of the song names, and you need to change them if you care, especially for the ones you copied from your CDs. It would read titles as &quot;track 01&quot;. Otherwise, the software is fine.3. The remote display doesn't show song titles. It only shows track # and time.4. If you don't use the remote, there's no FM.5. The AC charger can't plug to the player directly. You have to take the battery out of the player to charge. So, in the cases that you first start to use the player or low battery, you have to use AAA battery while the NiMH is charging.Overall, this is a great player. Easy to use, nice to look at. It's not perfect, but good enough to enjoy it.
Firstly I'm going to show my age and state that I'm from the &quot;walkman&quot; generation.  I remember getting my first Walkman in college. My friend bought it back from Japan and it was the second model available.  Through college and University, my Walkman was my constant companion, in the library , on the bus, riding my bike etc. During that time, I've gone through 3 different models. Along with this came the grief of dirty capstans and heads, broken tapes, scrunched tapes,&quot;bouncing&quot; sound,  dropped and broken tapes, belt clips and falling down pants......I never got into carrying my CD Walkman around with me. It just seemed to hard because of the size of the player , and the CD's that you had to carry around with you.As I've got older, I haven't had the time to sit down and listen to music and I've got to admit that now days it's pretty rare. My LPs are stored in boxes, most of my tapes got thrown out in the last house move and most of my new cds are the kids music.I got the PA-2 as my first player  and I've gotta admit I'm  impressed.  I've added 64MB ( the maximum upgrade ) and having cut my CD's to 96k ( seems a good trade off for me b/w size and quality), I can fit 2-3 albums on it.  It's tiny, portable, and durable ( though I'm not sure how long the brushed metal finish will last, it's already scratched )  has about a 10 hour battery life and sounds great. Even the included headphones aren't too bad, but they are a strange fit, and I've swapped them for one of my sets of Sony sports. As people say it is a bit slow to download and the plug for the USB port is sure to be lost. And the best thing, it doesn't effect the sound when the device bounces like my Walkmans did.  I'm finding myself wearing it whenever I'm working around the house. I get music to work by and I can't heard the kids :-pFor those who have had problems with it being recognised by their PC , I've had it working on Windows 98 SE, W2K and XP.  The updated 98/W2K drivers are on the Compaq site, though they seem a bit unstable and sometimes lock while downloading.  At first XP gave me grief, but looking at the Microsoft Site the driver for it is included in XP, though it does show as a PA-1. At first it gave me a USB unrecognised error. To get round this, I rebooted the machine with the PA-2 turned on and connected. Haven't had a problem since. I'm using Musicmatch to rip my CD's and also to download the music to the player. I've also used Media Player 8 to do the same but Musicmatch is much more flexible.For those who find the quick reference guide that comes with it a bit thin on, there are PDFs on the CD as well which go into more detail.All in all a great product that I would recommend. I hope this helps somebody out there :-P
I was looking for an MP3 player for one reason, to listen while I jog or workout. I converted from a minidisc that skipped alot to this MP3 player, and I'm happy that I did. The player has no moving parts, so it is SKIP-FREE !!I did give the unit a 4 star cause it does have some minor problems.1. The headphones: I have yet to buy any devise that had a great set of headphones out of the box, and this is no different. I bought a set of Sony earbuds for an extra [money] and they make the player that much beter now.2. Software: IF you buy this unit, do not load up MusicMatch jukebox (Problem is that most of the mp3 players I looked at had the same software.) Musicmatch is worthless software. - BUT - You can use Microsoft Mdia player to load your songs. However there is no real documentation on how to do this. I spent about 10 minutes and was able to figure it out real easy. Musicmatch also dumped some software on my computer that opens up an account that allows you to buy and download music while online [JUNK]. Again SELECT NOT TO INSTALL MUSICMATCH JUKEBOX !!In all I am very happy with my purchase and feel I got my money's worth. Also I have windows XP and the player works great with WinXP. The drivers installed flawlessly, and with Microsoft Media player, uploading files is a breeze.
I think this product may have gone the way of the dodo, which is shame because it does really work, albeit with some quirks.I purchased this specifically to have something that would not be susceptible to the usual problems that occur during a run: skipping, and being forced to hold something large in your hand.  Consequently, I took a chance on the PA-2.  I read the Amazon.com reviews, and figured that, with my limited technical knowledge, I could work through the quirks.  I received the product, which includes a set of headphones (which are only so-so), the device, a CD with software, a connection cord, and some starter AAA batteries.  I was up and running very quickly.On the plus side, this device really does a great job of making the download of music (I do it through MusicMatch Jukebox) simple, and had intuitive controls for pumping up the bass and treble, as needed (controls allow for +/- 5 for each setting).  Sound quality is strong (dependent, of course, on the quality of MP3 or WMA files that you store in it).  I have jogged with it several time, and have never had a problem.  The fact that the play button is large, and on the front, does mean that occasionally the music will pause because I accidently hit it.  Other than that, it has been great.One notable problem occurs with MP3 files.  I have nothing but WMA (Windows Media Files) in my collection, and they play like a charm, at all sizes, lengths, and quality bitrates.  MP3 files are not so fortunate.  I put a couple on it, and had files stop halfway through and go to the next track.  Converting the files to WMA and redownloading took care of the problem immediately.  Don't know what kind of glitch it is, but since I don't have many MP3 files, it doesn't really impact me.The four stars is because it would have been nice to have more/better software.  Plus, I would imagine technical assistance to be a real pain, since the HP-Compaq merger seems to have left the Compaq support site in some disarray.  However, someone who generally doesn't rely on tech support, with a library of primarily WMAs, will find this product to be a godsend.
I Purchased this product july 10th because like most people who purchase these items i was tired of spending money on cds and CDRW's so i decided i'd give this mp3 player a shot. It was shipped extremely fast within 24 hours w/standard shipping and arrived nicely packaged. The software itself was quite easy to use and the mp3 player itself is very small, sturdy, and sleek. When i first started downloading/uploading songs onto it (while using Kazaa) it worked just fine. But after a few days it rendered my USB (universal serial bus port) disabled and wouldnt let me use it well now it's july 27 and after 60+ hours of work and over 11 people's help and assistance it still says my USB is disabled and no longer there. Which also means i cant use my printer which shares a USB port itself. so now i'm forced to either buy a new computer, or a new media card with a USB on it. Maybe it's just my computer that's the prob. but i've had numerous comp. technicians say they've never seen ne thing like this before that could be blammed on a comp. But for the time it worked it was a great sounding, playing, and very versitile MP3 player. So i give this item 4 stars rating it on the time it worked. My only complaint about the product (besides killing my usb ports) is the controls on the headphones have a special adapter that isnt common in most places so like the other person who reviewed you cant buy new headphones if you want the controls that come w/the headphones in the package.
Luego de revisar varios modelos de MiniDV Player/Recorder de bajo precio, llegue a la conclusi&oacute;n de que este era el mejor... y en realidad no me equivoque. Reproduce y graba MiniDV y DVCAM (small and large cassette). Es una extraordinaria unidad para acompa&ntilde;ar cualquier sistema de edici&oacute;n no lineal. Lo &uacute;nico que me parece un poco delicado es la tapa frontal del equipo (hay que bajarla manualmente para insertar el cassette y sus bisagras aparentemente se ven muy fragiles). Solo por eso no le otorgo las 5 estrellas. Lo Recomiendo!!!.
I got mine off of Ebay in April 2004.  There are good points and bad points.Pros*  It was one of the earlier MP3 players that allows you to use 512MB flash cards.*  It is also one of the few that support true MP3pro compatibility.CONS*  I would have to agree with a lot of the other owners the MusicMatch needs to get off its rearend.*  The conversion process takes a while even with a fast computer.*  If you do not have USB 2.0 it will take a while for you to upload the music to your Lyra.When it came out this flash player was ahead of its time.  Considering most did not let you expand the flash memory or it only let you add 32MB or 64MB at most this had more options.  I am planning to upgrade soon to one of the newer ones.  Over all a good product.
I own a little newer version of this player, a 128MB RCA Lyra player. It looks the same as this KaZoo player, also has the same model number, but, unlike KaZoo, needs no updated software to work with Windows XP. It is available at Circuit City and hopefully will be soon available at Amazon.com. The sound is absolutely wonderful! Sometimes it may lock up and stop responding to pressing its controls, so you need to reformat its memory chip, as if you would format your Hard Drive (right click on Kazoo or Lyra icon in My Computer, click Format, etc.). A very simple and fast procedure.On a negative note: don't call RCA Customer Service: they are totally incompetent and completely useless. Also, the Musicmatch Jukebox software comes as a shareware version with this player. You get those nag screens with persistent attempts to get your 20 bucks out of your pocket and into their pocket. That's a drawback, I think. A customer should expect a simple, functional and full version (not a shareware) software with this, as well as any other hardware, which would enable the unit, without offering you all kinds of unneeded extras, which you could download from the Internet anyway. Overall this is a great player with excellent sound and lots of memory for the money.
GREAT player if it worked. It comes with a rechargeable battery, which is the downfall if this product. Yes batteries do cost more but who cant buy batteries once in a while. the rechargeale battery never works, i've had to send my player back in twice since a got it. if not for the battery I would of given this  player 5 stars. Has great sound, bunch of cool stuff; voice recorder, equlizer, backlight, ect. But it dosn't work that often. I would go with the rio 600, it uses regular batteries, plus has pretty much the same stuff as the rio 800 and its cheaper!
Excellent implementation of a removable drive mp3 player. Sound is beautiful, portability is outstanding.  The only &quot;gotcha!&quot; is that you HAVE to use the proprietary software that comes with it - a major tradeoff in terms of flexibility. Oh well, it's a relatively new device/app and maybe things will improve shortly.  Buy it - you can't go wrong!
I was really surprised at how good this unit was for the price.The PCMCIA hard drive is an awesome idea.  It can function as a portable 5GB USB or PCMCIA hard drive (no drivers needed in Win ME, 2000, or XP).  It will play MP3, WMA, and WAV files created from ANY program (unlike a previous reviewer stated).  Sound quality is top notch...the bass enhancements really work well.Now, the main complaint is the encryption software that's needed to transfer music to the player.  I'm not sure of the purpose of this encryption since you can copy all the music files you want to the hard drive and store them there, you just can't play them.  The transfer application is small and looks exactly like Windows Explorer...you just copy and paste your music from your hard drive to the Toshiba.  If you have a 1 Ghz or higher PC, the encryption shouldn't slow you down much, if at all.  I have a 3Ghz PC and was able to fill up 4 gigs in about 15 minutes, so I find that very reasonable.  The menu system on the player is very basic and intuitive.  Everyone in the office was able to pick it up and operate it right off the bat.  Not sure what one of the other reviewers didn't like about it, it's easy and accessible, what more do you want?  It's very sturdy unit, made out of brushed aluminum, and the controls are easily accessible (I like the position of the volume controls...the recessed buttons are unobtrusive yet functional).In a nutshell, I think this player is one of the best values for the market.  I've owned a Nomad II, a Nomad Jukebox, and a 5GB iPod (which died), and this seems to be the best of the group so far.  Enjoy!
I bought this because it uses a removable 5GB PC card (pcmcia) hard disk to store the music. I just wanted the hard disk. Bizarrely, in the U.S. Toshiba has been selling the 5GB disk alone for the same price as this device (in the UK, I believe, the hard disk alone was a bit cheaper). Well, it all works; you don't need to create mp3 files using any particular software, as another reviewer said. Copying the mp3s to the player, however, does require the use of Toshiba's software which encrypts the files so that they won't work when copied to other PCs. Depending on your CPU's speed, that can slow down the copying process substantially. That's a little bit annoying, and the fact that this ties you to Windows (no software for Mac or Linux) kills one of the stars for me. Otherwise I think it's great.
PROS:1.REMOVEABLE  PCMCIA Hard Drive Card, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Size.2.REMOVEABLE  PCMCIA Hard Drive Card. Can't emphasize enough on how important and handy that feature is. The 20GB Nomad i had earlier just froze on me and i could not get it to boot even with tech support help. Fortunately i could return the player and i had not deleted the backup from my PC. Imagine the damn thing freezing on you after you had downloaded close to 15GB of songs...you would have lost it all...and by which time it may be a little too late to return it.Accidentally drop a Nomad or an iPod..and your collection of music could die with your player.Ever since my experince with Nomad, it was very clear in my mind as to what to look for...REMOVABLE HARD DRIVE...and what could be a more convenient form than a PCMCIA hard drive.3. Forget the USB 2.0 port. Simply eject out the PCMCIA hard disk and insert it into your PC/Laptop to move your music into it. I have also used it as a temporary store for mass data..CONS:1. Only 5GB of hard disk. Need to get another card when that's done. I'm OK with having to carry an extra card to have a total of 10GB of music. A small price to pay, when compared to the risk of losing 10GB of music with any other player .2. Required the use of Toshiba &quot;Audio Application&quot; to encrypt your music files in order to be able to listen to it.3. The interface to Navigate/Browse your collection is not all that great.Overall the best out there...take my word for it. I would only compare it with another PCMCIA Hard disk player, in case i do plan to upgrade to something new.
I am using mine with a Toshiba e805, which is a big PDA. It's not a perfect fit, but the case is nice and sure does the trick. But the slots available for the cards are a waist. (my PDA had nothing to do with the cards not fitting) If I could squeeze a card in there, I'd be afraid of damaging it. It protests my PDA and it's not too bulky. It's a nice looking case and seems pretty well made and I like it.
I use this case for my E755 Pocket PC.  It fits perfectly, but I agree with the other review that the belt clip sucks.  Mine broke a month or less after using it.  I almost lost my Pocket PC in a cab.  I removed the stitching that held the belt clip in place and it fits in my pocket even better it did with the belt clip there.  I still use it, but the button that closes it fell off also.I wish it had a cut out for the head phones so I could use it to listen to my MP3's with it closed.  I pierced a hole thru the leather so I could use it as an MP3 player while it's closed.  For the money I still love the case.  I think I payed $14 on ebay.Hope the review was helpful.
This item is very small and easy to lose or misplace. You have basically two controls and they are not entirely intuitive. If one were different sized it would help to distinguish the two. I don't like the feel of the switches as they toggle left and right and the center is a plunge downward. They feel very cheap. The downward plunge is difficult to center and binds on either side making it feel as though they will eventually break or make poor contact. Feature-wise, this is a great item and the software is very good. It seems to pull on the battery when not in use. I let it sit for a while and the battery was nearly dead. Since it only uses one AAA cell, it is not a big expense to keep powered up. I have a 256-Meg model and it filled up quickly. The FM receiver is a big benefit to me and it works well enough to listen to. I am satisfied overall with this and would buy again.
It has been good to me.  The radio could be a lot better, but it will do. Great space and on the go player.
I returned the iPod I purchased because the Musicmatch Jukebox software really sucked. I went with the iAudio CW200 based on the other reviews I read at Amazon.com and couldn't agree more. This is so easy to use and download music into. The sound is fabulous. The size is scarcely larger than a cigarette lighter. The only complaint (if you can call it that)is the earbuds are too large to fit comfortably so I had to purchase a different headset. Get one..you'll love it!
Perfect if you need a small unit for exercising, commuting etc.  It disappears into a pocket and I forget it's on me when I am running.  I probably needs a HD player too, I'd love to have all of my music on one device.I use it on the train every day and record some of the weekend NPR shows to listen to later in the week.  Overall, it meets my needs, but for the price make sure the features on this player are what you need.It is very reliable, I have had it for four months with NO problems.  I have dropped it several times and it still works fine.Features:Radio:  Reception is decent, about the same as my Sony Sports AM/FM.  Recording does seem to have an impact.Voice Recorder:  I won't use it too much, but it is very sensitive and easy to use.MP3:  Sound is excellent.  4 folders makes it more manageable but, it would be nice to be able to create your own.Design:  Simple and easy but despartely needs an expansion slot.  I cringe every time I see how cheap memory cards are getting and I can't expand it.  This is the main reason that I can't give it 5 stars.The leather case is kind of ugly, the ear buds are ok.  The screen is a bit small.  Battery life is good.Software: Decent, but far from great.  I would rather be able to see the device in Windows Explorer and drag and drop files without proprietary software.  The software will not let you upload mp3s to a PC in an effort to avoid file sharing.Things that every MP3 player should have/be:1. AM/FM radio - IAudio has half2. Recording, voice and radio (IAudio has it)3. Be Small (IAudio is right on)4. Be expandable (IAudio missed this - Thus, get the 256k - you can never have too much memory)5. Have an external power supply - so that you can hook it up to your stereo and not kill the batteries. (Not on the Iaudio)Other players to consider:Nex iA by Frontier labs - Compact Flash expansion, FM recording and a power adapter, but bigger and feels cheap.MPIO by Digital Way - Just like the CW200 but has an SD slot
Cowon IAudio 256MB. Some comments that others haven't stated. I am a first time MP3 player buyer.1. Software glitched on Win2k; worked a few times then wouldn't rip but downloaded OK. Reinstalling on same OS, same system didn't help. Reinstalled on WinXP, same system, without problems for a day. I suspect this issue was unique to my system; not reported by anyone else. [More] Problem has reappeared on XP. May be only my system. Will contact Cowon. Meanwhile workaround is to use Jukebox (or any other ripper) to rip and IAudio to download.2. Software version was 2.7 version. Downloaded newer 3.0 from website.3. Installed firmware was current, version 3.51.4. LCD screen/font is small. Boomers will need reading glasses.5. Wish it used SD cards. Not sure if memory is upgradable. I would give it 5 stars if user upgradable.6. Controls take some getting use to.7. Works well with rechargable AAA battery. I used 750ma 1.2v batteries giving AT LEAST 5+ hours, not sure about exact number.8. Supplied headphones are unusable for me. You are suppose to poke them into your ear but kept falling out.9. FM reception has been excellent in Chicago area.10. Apparently the MP3 audio quality is excellent, judging from other reviews. I believe there is room for improvement.11. Somewhat disappointed there is no voice recording software provided such as Via Voice or Dragon. Would have given 5 stars if provided even at additional cost.12. Plastic cover for USB plug is flimsy. This contrasts with an otherwise solid build.
...but after reading all of the glowing reviews, I decided to purchase the 256 MB version.  I received it within 4 days, and the software was super easy to install and begin using.  I basically purchased the player to use while I run, and after 3 days of use, I absolutely loved the thing.  The sound is amazing, it is incredibly small, the memory is way more than I need, and it is surprisingly easy to use.  Even the radio reception is much better than my old walkman, and I didn't even plan on using the radio too much.Well, maybe I bought the lemon, but on day 4, the thing stopped working.  It still powered up, but the player had dumped all its memory, and I couldn't upload any songs...it didn't recognize its flash memory.  So, I had to mail the product back, and the company would either fix it or replace it.  Customer service was very helpful, although I wouldn't figure I'd have to have it serviced within a few days.  I'll update my review after the repair/replace process is complete.***UPDATE:  due to the shenanigans discussed above, I don't think I can honestly give this a 5-star rating, but it's the only thing holding me back.  I had to pay a few bucks to ship the product back, and within 3 days, I had the player fully repaired, and back in action.  I run several miles at a time, at least 3 times a week, and have been using it for 8 months now....and it is phenomenal!!!  As with most headphones, if you use this to run or excercise with, chances are you might have to shop around until you find phones that are compatible with your ears (to keep them from falling out when you move your head).  If I have any other problems, I'll promptly give an update, but as of now, I am very satisfied and have no regrets.
ProsClear recordingGreat Sound in MP3 modeClear FM radioUses a triple A battery, don't have to wait to charge itGood HeadfonesEasy to read screenGood Battery LifeEasy Use ButtonsGood PriceQuality MakeConsCan Only hold 60 songsFreezes sometimes
I like this new trend of collapsing stylus - takes a few seconds to get used to, but pulling them out of the device or the portfolio elastic naturally extracts and "locks" them for use, and saves space otherwise.  A bit pricey, but good quality - more likely to lose than break.Check out more info on Viewsonic PDA products at the Yahoo group:[...]
Pros: light; inexpensive; well-placed buttons are protected from scrapes by the protruding battery area; has a socket for headphone-cord remote (if you have one from another sony cd/md player).Cons: doesn't play MDs recorded in LP2 or LP4 format; battery life (33hrs) isn't as long as pricier players; opening mechanism is somewhat flimsy plastic.Overall I like this player, particularly for its great price and clean appearance.  The battery life is long enough to hear 28 discs, so it shouldn't be a problem!  I bought it for my mom to take on a trip and she had no problems with it.
The first MP3 Player I ever bought was the Nomad Jukebox 2 - a moderately heavy device shaped like a CD Player. The sound quality was very good, but the Jukebox had an extremely short battery life - only 15-30 minutes. Regrettably, I was forced to plug-in the Jukebox to a power point before I could listen to my favourite songs.In April 2003, my beloved Jukebox was stolen during a break-in, and over the past several months, I've been searching for a good-quality MP3-player to replace my beloved Jukebox 2.Up until last October, I was looking at purchasing the Apple iPod. There's no denying that the iPod is the best-quality MP3 player on the market, but the biggest drawback was it's price. The average price for a 10GB iPod was $700AUS, and you also have to purchase a Firewire card for $100AUS, not to mention a USB-Adapter for another $150. A $1000 purchase was definitely beyond my budget.And then Creative released their potential &quot;iPod-killer&quot;, the Nomad Jukebox Zen. This MP3 player is specifically designed for PC users, and is equipped with a USB 2.0 connection. I strongly recommend that those with USB 1.0 connections, purchase a USB 2.0 PCI Card as well.Here in Australia, a 2-port USB card costs only $39, so it's a worthwhile purchase. This will provide much faster transfer speeds when copying MP3's from your PC.This new MP3 player is slightly larger and heavier than the iPod, and is a huge improvement over the cumbersome Nomad Jukebox 2. The player is about the same size and weight as a paperback novel. However, it will still fit comfortably on your belt, which is very useful, if like me, you like listening to music while travelling to and from work.The battery life isn't as long as 12-hours, constant listening will probably cause the batteries to runout after 6-8 hours. But this is still a much better battery life than theJukebox 2, which lasted for only 15 minutes when played at full volume. Creative have replaced their cumbersome &quot;wrap-around&quot; headphones, with the smaller &quot;plug-in-ear&quot; headphones. For discerning audiophiles, I would definitely recommend buying a better quality pair. I'm quite happy with the headphones provided by Creative, however.Navigation of menus and songlists is performed through a scroll-wheel on the right-hand side of the MP3 player. Navigating with the scrollwheel takes a bit of getting used to, but seems to be of very solid construction, so hopefully it won't break too easily.I have Windows XP on an Athlon 200+ XP PC, and I didn't have any difficulty installing the associated software. Transfer rates were slow, but this was because of my USB 1.1 connection, not because of the Jukebox. The Jukebox did freeze when I turned the power on, but this was solved by pulling out and re-inserting the Lithium battery. Other than that, I've had no serious problems.All in all, the Nomad Jukebox Zen is a reasonably priced MP3-player, and second only to the Apple iPod in terms of construction and music quality. If you have the money, I would still recommend purchasing the Apple iPod (providng you have $1000AUS handy). For the rest of us mere mortals, the Jukebox Zen is a worthy substitute...at least until we see the Apple iPods drop in price.
cheaper than the ipod, a little bigger in size, a lot bigger in capacity, with the ability to be upgraded to 40GB or 60GB.  Creative says that when the battery dies [after about 500 charge cycles] you can send it back in to replace the batter [battery builtin]  it has only one output, and that is for the headphones.  these were my main concerns that went unanswered when reading other reviews.  it is a great deal for such a large capacity player
My family got high speed internet and I needed a place for all the songs I downloaded into the computer, and I bought this mp3 player.  First of all, a bad thing about the "Zen" is the software.  The program that came with it forced you to import your songs into it then into your player rather than from where it was stored on you computer.  It would also put some songs in incorrectly (i.e. missing information).  The player itself is pretty good and had only "crashed" few times, and when that happens, I just restart it,  with no files lost/damaged.  The scrollwheel and button layout is very simple and easy to use.  This player is not too heavy or big compared to the ipod and can fit easily into a back pocket.  I have not owned any other mp3 players, so I cannot accuratly judge which is better, but for what it's worth I like this one very much now that I bought Red Chair's "Notmad" software for it.  One last thing, the Zen comes with "street style" headphones, which seem to be pretty popular nowadays.  I bought my own, but, if you like that type, have a ball!
Connection; Not recognised by 98se USB 1.1.  Checked USB port with a printer, a camera, a flash card reader and scanner all recognised instantly. Installed USB 2 still no joy. All other devices still ok. Checked it on another 98se machine where it was recognised but would not transfer data. XP recognised it without intalling the creative software.Online Help. Only works if the device has been recognised. Another customer reviewer after being rude about other people with USB problems fails to enlighten us as to the fix.Data files. Beware if you intend to use it to transfer folders containing  files between computers. The box says it can store data files, true, but doesnt tell you it cant handle folders, also doesn't tell you it is not treated as a drive you only find all this out when you install and read the .pdf manual after you have bought it. I wanted it to carry data between 3 machines whilst listening to MP3's.Track forward back button is upside down, up moves you down and down is up. As the device and its buttons are nearly symetrical its confusing to operate in your pocket especially volume v track +-Sound quality is very good but let down by the flimsy headphones.Design is very good. It is on the verge of being superb, improve its file handling and its a winner unless I am the only person in the world carrying data around. I am a freelance lighting designer using cad working all over the UK and abroad, physically unable to carry a laptop about. The charger is refreshingly small. Finally does registration really require date of birth, phone number address and gender (all mandatory)Gerry Jenkinson
REVIEW the tutorial that came with it (takes less than 30mins to go through it all)!  This will save you from mino annoyances over how to create playlists or delete songs in Zen or how to use the softwares that come with it.  Once you go through the tutorial,  you'll have no problem using them.  ...  Menu screen is small but shows the essential information.  As for the buttons, once I got used to the layout after a few hours of use, they are not so bad.  My unit did have a hickup; buttons stop function although music kept playing.  I had to reset it and everything was fine.  ...  Sound quality is awesome!  Great bass and loud enough volume to blow out your eardrums.  If you've waiting for a portable(hold it in your hand) mp3 player with great sound quality that will hold your entire music collection for [a great price], Zen is it!
I bought the Zen about a week ago.Its a great product..it does everything the iPod can do..and it plays WMA (which provides comparable quality at lower bit rates). I dont have USB 2.0 on my laptop, and getting the Zen to work on USB 1.1 is not the easiest thing in the world(I use Windows XP home edition).Typically I need to connect/disconnect the Zen 3-4 times,maybe reset the device too before it'll transfer songs.I'm probably going to keep this though, inspite of all its issues, merely because once the music is on the Zen, it works without a hitch.As far as I know, the only thing an iPod has that the Zen doesnt is the ability to have a specific equalizer setting for every song.Also, contrary to popular belief, Creative customer support is pretty good.I emailed them about the Connectivity problem, and I had a reply in about 20-30 minutes, with a suggestion that actually worked.Another thing it doesn't seem to work on a Mac G4 (with Vitual PC installed, running windows 2000 pro).The device(Zen) connects to the computer, but no files are transferred.
I have a 30gb portable hard drive. I used it for everying, including transporting my mp3 collection from home to work and back. After filling it up a number of times, I decided that I needed to look at getting some additional storage space.I was very excited when I found out about the USB 2.0 version of the Zen coming out and as soon as I saved up the money for it I picked it up. Out of the box it was everything I expected, the menu navigation, the play options, playlists, etc.It wasn't until I connected it to the computer that I realized it wasn't as functional as I had hoped. The drive, which it is in fact a portable hard dive, does not mount as such. It mounts as an arbitrary USB device which means you can't plug it into any random computer and transfer files. You need to carry your drivers and the proprietary Creative file transfer software on a floppy disk (A FLOPPY!!!). Also, Creative PlayCenter is extremely bloated and unwieldy. The first thing I did after installing and playing with it for a bit was go out and download a program called "Notmad" that performs all the functions of PlayCenter in a much more streamlined methond (you still can't transfer files from other computers without installing Notmad or the Creative File Transfer program, though).The thing I wanted the Nomad for most was, as I said before, carrying my MP3s from home to work and back. Well, the PlayCenter doesn't play tracks from the Nomad through the computer, at all. Notmad fixes this too by allowing you to play Nomad tracks though a number of different media players.All in all, the Nomad is a great device for almost half the cost of the iPod. Figure out how to overcome it's crippling features and you've got an excellent and efficient device!
This MP3 Player is alright if you don't mind the battery life, ~4 to 5 hours with 320kbps MP3's.  You can get more battery life out of it if you turn off EAX or lower the volume and lower the bitrates of your songs.  But since they came out with newer MP3 players (more expensive) with more and better battery life, you may want to look into the Zen Touch, the Zen Xtra (replaceable battery) or the Zen micro.  Zen Xtra would be ideal only if they made better batteries that lasted longer (8-12 hours for Zen Xtra's Lithium battery). The problem with the Zen touches battery is that you can't replace it yourself even though it's allegedly rated for 18-24 hours; you'd have to send it back to and go through creative.When I ordered my Zen 20GB USB2.0 I originally thought I had ordered the Zen Xtra (you can replace the Lithium battery in the Xtra), but low and behold when I checked my order I had made the mistake and got the Zen 2.0.  As far as the unit is concerned it is a great unit if you don't abuse it, that means NO overcharging the battery, you have to keep a timer or clock by that sucker if you want to save your batteries capacity.  You are not supposed to leave it plugged in for over 4 hours, it only takes 4 hours to charge it fully (read the manual and papers that come with these MP3 players if you doubt).I kept and taped the edges to keep the clear plastic tab protector over the LCD screen and haven't had any problems with LCD degradation or scratches, and I've owned it for a year and a half.  I've used it fairly constantly every night walking and it hasn't let me down.  The only downer is that Lithium ion batteries (no matter which hard drive MP3 player, even the iPod, etc) only last about 3 years, and their charge gets reduced by about ~5-9% a month if you use and recharge the battery often, even without recharging expect the battery to slowly loose capacity and then die towards the 4th year after you've purchased it.  This goes for your Zen and any hard drive based MP3 player with Li-ion batteries for that matter.  So if you buy an MP3 player and don't want to replace the expensive batteries (~$100 usually) and don't mind less storage (512MB-1GB) go with a flash based MP3 Player with easily available batteries (AA, AAA, etc).Overall I was (and am still) satisfied with my first Creative MP3 player.  This is an ok starter MP3 player, best to get a Zen Xtra if you dont mind 8-12 hour battery, because you can replace the battery yourself and buy extra batteries for about $60 from creative directly.  Or go for a flash based MP3 player from which you can purchase standard and available rechargable batteries at your local hardware stores or chain stores or walmarts, etc.As for the comments and the reviewers that got "dud" MP3 players, I really question whether or not these people abused their MP3 players, or understood that their MP3 players had HARD DISK drives.  Hard disk technology is not solid state, its mechanical and will eventually fail, so that means - no dropping, serious excercising, banging or jostling the MP3 player (and by extension hard drive).It's good for walking or mild running, but it's not an MP3 player you use for vigorous excercise, period.  That is why the invented flash (solid state) MP3 players.
This is a good jukebox.  The size is good, but the iPod is significantly smaller.  I carry it in my briefcase to work, so size wasn't a big deal for me.  Sound quality (better than iPod) and battery life (~9 hours) are both excellent.  The build quality is excellent.  The menus and LCD are pretty poorly designed, but that isn't a huge bother to me.  I generally just create monster playlists and let it go.  The software that comes with it is TERRIBLE.  Add the cost of the excellent Notmad Explorer ...) when purchasing this product.To sum it up, the iPod is definitely better/cooler, but it wasn't [that much]better.  My entire music collection fits on this player, it sounds great, and it has worked flawlessly (about 6 months).
I have OWNED an Archos, Ipod and now a Zen.The Archos Studio 20GB was a nice unit.Advantages: Price is right.Disadvantages: Slightly large size, fair display, poor sound quality, had to scroll through 100s of albums (No easy eay to search). USB (Slower data transfer)Due to the poor sound quality of the Archos I upgraded to an Ipod 20GB.Advantages: Small size. Easy to navigate, great display. Very good sound quality. Fast data transfer (Firewire)Disadvantages: Software DOES NOT work. Musicmatch is horrible at best. I downloaded Ephpod which is only slighly better. After NUMEROUS problems with making "Playlists" the Ipod had difficulty finding songs with missing MP3 tags. I was not about to fix ID tags on 2,000 songs. Check the Ipod forums for all of the inherent problems with this POS. Remote is required since you must remove it from the case to see the display or access the controls. Only has preset EQ. You MUST use the LOUSY software and be connected to the computer to make ANY changes (Rename, delete etc.)Got rid of the Ipod after a week for a Zen 20GB.Advantages: Price is right. Good sound quality. Custom equalizer.Disadvantages: Display is OK but not as nice as Ipod.So far the Zen appears to be the best bargain / value.
Great MP3 player.  Easy enough interface and file transfer.  Took about a half hour to comfortably operate.  Got over not having a stop button just as quickly.  Accidently dropped it about 3 feet on the floor and it kept playing.  USB 2.0 is very fast.  Definately worth the investment.  IPOD's only advantage to me is being cooler looking, but in all other respects the ZEN matches or beats it.  Solid workhorse MP3 player.  Would give it a 5 star rating but nothing is perfect.
except for clumsy appreance and hard-to-handle file transfer, this device is user-friendly designed and powerful filing. Well done, Creative!
There are only about 2 manufactures of portable cassette players left, Sony and Panasonic. I've had 2 sony players quit on me, so decided to switch to the Panasonic. I like the auto reverse feature.
It's not easy finding cassette players these days. I listen to a lot of audio books and prefer that format over any of the others. The Panasonic RQ-CR07V was the right choice for me. Everything about it is perfect. The only negative comment would be the belt hook. If you use the player while you are moving around a lot, it wouldn't take you long to despise the hook that is supposed to secure to belt, pocket, etc.
This portable tape player that uses ear phones, for my money, is the one to buy. You'll also probably want to buy a different set of ear phone as, the ones included with the tape player are adequate at best. I know tape players are getting to be like model T Fords but, if you have a specific use for it, buy this one.  You'll be happy you did.
When I buy something, I bought it for a reason...I liked it.  So I alwaysnotice first all the things I don't like.  So that's how I present to you:Cons:1) The cyndrical 'jog switch' which you twist to fastforward and rewind atone end of this cylindrical unit takes some getting used to.  Mine feltloose, but I think it's supposed to be that way.2) Flawed accompanying case.  Because of this twisty switch, once you putunit into the case, you can not fastforward or rewind because thefasteners in the case 'fasten' onto this switch.3) Because of this 'jog' switch, You need to be a lefty to use itcomfortably.  If you hold it in your right hand to use your thumb andforfinger to operate the fastforward/rewind, display will be upside down.Plus, the volume then would be uncomfortably unreachable by your thumb,unless you want to use your middle-ring-pinky fingers to operate volume.4) Controls felt clumsy even when using two hands.  Trying to use the tinymenu button needs a fair push with your fingernail, especially if you havesoft fingertips.  The volume switch also served as a menu selector,although it too felt awkward.  I often found myself skipping over twooptions when I only wanted to move to the next one.  There's a sensitivitysetting in the menu, but that did not help.  It was the physical operationof this control, not it's electronic sensitivy that had to be adjusted.5) Accompanying earphones/plugs suck.  Never used them.  I hate thesekinds that have one short cable, and one long cable to reach to the otherside of your head.  The weight of the hanging cable is then all put on theone plug in your left ear, which would always pop out first.  Don't knowhow they sound; did not test them.6) The rubber USB-port cover was loose on mine.  I plugged in the USBcable to upload songs, then when I tried to close it, it would not rightaway.  It was bent into a position to stay open, and had no 'snug' fittingto keep hold it closed.  After a few minutes of trying to get it to stayclosed, it finally did, but I could tell it would be a future situation toreally bother me.  Maybe it was only my unit.7) Voice recording was so so.  At arms length, my voice was audible, butmuffled sounding.  I turned on the TV to a regular volume to record it(for me, my sis always complains the TV is a little too loud), and theplayback was muffled as well, but hearable.  You would just have to turnup the volume on the unit to hear recorded voice better.8) Can't give you specific details, but just for me, I did not like theway the menus were arranged.  Maybe with time I could get a handle on it,or maybe it was just the clumsy-ness of the controls that made me cringeinternally when I had to access the menu.  I'm pretty quick at catchingonto how menus are arranged, but just something kept me from doing so withthis.9) FM tuner reception was just okay.  From where I was sitting my concretewalled apartment, I turned the unit one way, and it lost reception, turnedit another way, and got it back.  Auto set picked up some static asactual stations...hmmfh...10) Like all highly portable (pocketable?) flash players, no expansionslots to add additional memory.PROS:1) Size.  AAA batteries are small, AA a little larger.  If there was sucha thing as single A battery, this would probably be it!  I mean, really,it is such a great size for all the neat features/functionaltities it has.2) Solid!  The I-River, feels like if you drop it, bye bye player.  Theplastic on the I-River felt way cheap.  The Creative Muvo is a nice solidplayer, but little to no additional features.  This Yepp felt solidlybuilt, like I did not have to baby it at all.3) Battery charge display.  It's divided into thirds and is tiny, but atleast you have some indication of battery life!4) 256 megs!  Good.  Can store a lot of music!5) Snug USB connection!  I bought the I-River, and returned it because theconnection on the unit to the USB cable was not so deep and was LOOSE!  Inudged it while it was connected, and then my computer reported that theI-River device "went away/lost connection".  No problems with this unit.It looks like it actually uses the same USB cable that Sony uses.5a) Comes with a USB cable, but ALSO with a tiny USB connector so youdon't always have to carry your cable around with you!  Reminds me of theease of use with the Creative Muvo.6) Sound settings!  GREAT!  Read the specs online.7) Voice recorder.  Has one, but read my CONS above.8) FM tuner.  Has one, but read my CONS above.9) You can capture output from someone else's player into an MP3 file onyour player with the accompanied line-in cable!  COOL!  AND, you can justlet play/record, because if you use the "autosync" setting, the unit willdetect gaps in the music and create separate MP3 files for each of thesongs being recorded...AWESOME!  AND you can select the bit rate at whichyou want to make your recordings (feeling faint right now...whew!)10) Supports WAV/MP3/WMA, maybe others, but I did not care.  Checkthe specs...Every player should at least support these 3formats!  My Muvo can only play one format at a time. That is, if youstart off playing WMA, it will skip all other formats and only play theWMA files.  This will play them all one after the other.11) You can easily use Windows Explorer to drag and drop files!12) Music can go in the root directory.  On a whim, I created twomiscellaneously named folders, and copied music into them.  The playerfound them and played them.13) Line in MP3 recordings are kept in one specially named folder.  VoiceWAV recordings are kept in another specially named folder.  FM MP3recordings in another specially named folder. Great thing isyou don't have to stick to these formats in these folders.  You can mixand match different formats, and actually use these folders like 'albums'.Like stick rock music in one, house music in another, mellow music in thenext.  Through the menu settings, you can set which folder will be thedefault folder to play music from.  A bit clunky way to do things, but itworks.14) If you need space in a pinch, menu options allow you to delete files,or format unit altogether, wiping it all clean.15) Has a display!  Blue lighted even!  You can set up to 10 seconds thedisplay light time.16) You can also set the amount of time, up to 25 secs, to leave the uniton while doing nothing.  Otherwise it shuts down.  Set to 0 means leave onregardless.17) 20 FM presets.  It has auto FM tuning.  Can auto set the first 20 FMstations it finds.  Unfortunately, it picks up on some stray signals andthinks those are stations.  Better to do it manually.18) Easy one switch recording anytime with a dedicated switch!  Justremember that if you are on radio, you will be recording the radio and notvoice.Why I returned mine:The loose USB cover was why I returned mine.  I wanted to exchange it andget another, but they were out.  If next one is still loose, then maybe Ican add some "shoe goo" to add some "rubber" to its end to make it moresnug, or something.  Or get a Circuit City/CompUSA extended warranty andget the unit replaced once the cover becomes too loose.This is one fine fine fine player!The clumsiness of the controls, I could adapt to.I could also adapt to the menu arrangment.  Just takes time.I don't plan on using the case except to just transport the unit.I won't record lectures or people far away, and if I do, I could alwayspump up the volume during playback, or use some audio editing tool.FM is not a make or break thing with me.I give it a 4 out of 5.  Not perfect, but awesome nonetheless!
The top reason I bought this player was because of its feature. I wanted both player and FM tuner. The reviews I found in Amazon.com were very helpful.If you don't like the orange color, it also comes in all silver which I have.After using this player for a week, I am very happy with what I got. I use it when I go rollerblading as well as when I work at home. I just hook up the player with my speakers and it's ready to go. FM reception is not bad either.It comes with a installation CD, but with my Windows ME, I found that I don't need to use the CD. Just connect a USB cable - or a direct USB adaper, to the player and turn it on. Then insert it to my USB port and my PC took care of the rest.One tiny grumble. I have some Japanese songs and when I download them to Yepp, it didn't recognize the Japanese font, of course. I'd be happier if they upgrade the firmware to be Japanese compatible so that I don't have to rewrite songs' tab information.Overall, I recommend this product.
Someone said you can't make folders - sure you can.Someone said it doesn't work well with Windows XP - works flawlessly, you don't need Samsung's CD at all.My only 'nit' is that it doesn't support SDMI (digital rights management) so I can't download a protected WMA music file to it (well I can download it but it won't play).Samsung - where's the SDMI firmware upgrade??Other than that, it's amazing.  I'm using it with Sennheiser's PRC250 noise cancellation headphones on airplanes and it's just perfect.Oh, if your eyesight isn't great, it will be tough to read the tiny text on the LCD display.
I bought this player a few days ago, and it's really something special.  It's not perfect, but it comes close.Pros:Lots of storage space (20GB)Ability to record from line-in, microphone, or FM.FM TunerFM TransmitterActive forums with Neuros developers for new features and supportSupport for MP3, Ogg, WAV, and unencrypted (i.e., non-DRM) WMA filesCons:Bulky.  With the backpack, It's bigger than an Archos device, and &lt;i>far&lt;/i> bigger than an iPod.Audio stops when you use the menuThe benefits of this player far outweigh its defecits.  For less than an iPod (far less), you get an FM receiver and transmitter and the ability to record.  Feature for feature, the only arena where iPod wins is size, and the Neuros still fits in my shirt pocket (although it sticks out of the top, of course).For those that don't need a tiny player, the Neuros is a great choice.
I've owned my Neuros 20GB for about four months.  I had the opportunity to audition a number of portable music players, including the iPod and the Archos Jukebox, among others.  The Neuros won't win any beauty contests and its USB 1.1 interface is not the fastest in the world.  But it has some very interesting features, including &quot;MyFi&quot;, an FM transmitter that I use every day to listen to the Neuros over my truck's radio.  I've used HiSi a few times with moderate success.  It allows the user to record a snippet of music from the radio, then identifies the song when the player is synchronized with a PC and the Neuros synchronization software.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.The Neuros supports Ogg Vorbis files with the version 1.45 (beta) firmware.  Initially I was concerned that the firmware was beta, since I didn't really want to be a guinea pig on my dime, but it's quite stable...I have had no problems at all.  The Windows-based synchronization software seems a little clunky to me, but an excellent third party application, NeurosDBM works much better (and it's free).  The Neuros (when used with NeurosDBM) is platform independent - I've synchronized it on PCs running Windows and Linux, a Sun Blade 1000 and an Apple iMac.But what really sets this device apart from anything that I auditioned is the quality of the sound and its ability to drive low impedance, high quality headphones.  I listen with a pair of Grado SR-125 headphones.  They have the (occaisionally irritating) quality of bringing out the worst of a marginally performing piece of equipment, besides being a very challenging electrical load to drive.  The Neuros sounds extraordinary through them.  No, it's not like my home system, but it's leaps and bounds ahead of the iPod (and anything else I've listened to) in pure audio quality.  Even with high impedance Sennheisers, the Neuros beats anything else that I've heard.  To me, the music is what matters.  So, while the slow USB interface can be a bit of a pain, the wait is well worth it.  My recommendation?  Buy the Neuros 20GB, use the money you saved over an iPod to buy a GOOD pair of 'phones, grab the latest firmware and NeurosDBM software.  You won't look back!
A few months back, I was in the market for an MP3 player. The options I wanted were fairly simple: Large capacity (10 Gigs of space or more), multiple format choices (MP3, WMA, OGG, etc.), playlist compatible, and upgradeability.So I started my research. Right off the bat, I LOVED the iPod choice. It was small, had great capacity, and support for many different file types. Plus, it is made by Apple, and while that usually means more money, it also means quality. However, when a friend suggested I take a look at the Neuros, I was won over almost immediately.The 20 Gig version had everything I was looking for, but it was the things I wasn't looking for that completely sealed the deal. It has a built-in FM broadcaster, so you don't have to worry about getting an after-market one. And it broadcasts over most of the FM spectrum, instead of just 4 channels, like most do. It also has a built-in FM receiver, microphone (time is limited only to the hard drive space available), ability to record from FM, and a feature called &quot;HiSi&quot; which allows you to take a digital fingerprint of a song from the radio and find out what the song is.Plus, the software and firmware are open source, which allows creative developers to add lots of functionality to the machine.I've had mine now for a little more than a month and have been very pleased with it. The only reason I don't give it 5 full stars is that it is sometimes a little temperamental, but if you have the patience to hang in there, it's so worth it.Also, right now, they have brought the price down to under two hundred dollars, but Amazon hasn't changed their price yet. Go to their website to find it for less (google neuros or go to neurosaudio dot com).Finally, the Neuros has a great set of users and developers who are constantly posting on the forums set up at their site.  I have found this to be a great source for figuring out how to solve problems or do things better with the machine.
I bought this product for the price and the FM transmission.  The FM transmission does not work well in the car, but works great in the house.  In the car, it is difficult to position the player perfectly in order to get good reception.  But I just plug it into my cassette with an adapter (I had one hanging around the house from my portable CD player days) and it plays fine.  I love it for in the house.  I can listen to my shows (talk shows and TV shows I download off the internet) and music wherever I am.  I just carry my small portable FM player and my Neuros from room to room as I am cleaning. And I love not having to touch a CD anymore!  I had problems with the player in the first two days, but customer service was GREAT!  I left a message and someone called me back within an hour.  He was friendly and helpful and fixed my problem in three minutes.  I like this product.
It actually is really good, quality and other wise. Although the memory is a little small and its disk (blah! Download a new one from their site) is really bad. It is easy to use and its size is TINY. I  never thought about changing an mp3 until 2005, when by ear phone started breaking. It could be brought on vacation and it has absolutly no skipbacks and its charge is lightweight. Although it is expansive it is durible, absolutly worth it. (I bought it at 299.99 USD) I still suggest you get something like iRiver because this is an expanzive device!
I already had one MP3 player but wanted a second one. Can't survive workout at the gym without one!This one is perfect for the gym.  It's small, about the size of a small pager.  It comes with a belt clip, so you can hook it on your shorts.  It also has a leather cover case, which I decided not to use because the player would fall off a little easier during my workouts.For starter, you can't be the price on this one.  Already starts off with 128mb of memory which you can double with a Smart Media card.I have found downloading songs to be real easy.  The sound also good for a little player, plus it has menu options for the type of music you like, rock, jazz etc.The only thing I really didn't care for are the ear bud phones.  But you can also buy new headphones more to your liking.Overall, a very good buy for the price.
This thing works great w/ a MAC. Very easy to use. Just plug it in a USB port and it shows up in your ITunes library section. Simply drag tunes from anywhere onto the player icon and you're set. Right click to remove songs from your list. It's just that easy! I can get about thirty songs this thing and the battery seems to last about 8 hours or so - not bad for one aaa.The only drawback os the belt clip. It's a little unstable for running or working out.I highly recommend this player if you have a MAC and need something to take on a run or to the gym. It's lighweight, durable and very easy to use.Did a lot of research before buying an MP3 and was a little hesitant because there were not a lot of customer reviews on this one but I took a gamble and am very satisfied.
This tripod bag is a trapezoidal tube (I prefer rectangular or square tube), not tapered, measuring 8.0" base X 6.5" sides X 4.0" top X 35" length, with a flat external side pocket measuring 6.5" height X 15" length, and with a sewn-in clear plastic nametag holder.  It is very heavily padded all over at 1/4 inch thickness.  Handles may not be adjusted (I prefer adjustable), but are large enough to allow backpack style carry.  The shoulder strap may be adjusted, but may not be detached (I prefer detachable) as it is permanently fixed (sewn-in) just like the handles.  This bag suits my needs for carrying my mid-sized Bogen Manfrotto 3001BPRO (legs folded) with a 322RC2 head extended.  Along with the tripod encased in a bag without padding, the space is sufficient to allow carry of a monopod encased with padding; or extra accessories in padded bags; book or manuals; or even my 35mm Nikon D70 SLR with 18-70mm lens attached encased with padding, 70-300mm lens in padded lens pouch, and SB800 flash with dome attached also in padded lens pouch.  As I'm able to carry my camera and its accessories along with my tripod and its head, everything I need is contained in just this one bag.  Needless to say, my camera bag is left at home.  A feature that I would like to see added in this bag is the adjustable dividers just like in a camera bag.  I would have liked this bag better if the height were increased to an inch or two.  I rate this a multi-purpose tripod bag with 4 stars.
I've used this several times traveling with my camera gear and I must say that it's a very sturdy bag. Domke has their label on it but it is clearly a Kata bag. There is plenty of room for my tripod plus an extra head and accessories.Highly recommended.
The Delphi XM radio fits the bill for a motorcycle friendly radio. It's small size and large display with easy to use contorls combined with light weight are perfect for use on 2 wheels. Ram mounting systems makes a mount for the SkyFi and with a on board intercom system music is put directly to your helmet speakers. Not only is it compact and light weight is also very portable. I can undock and put the receiver in my shirt pocket.  Reception is made thru a magnetic mouse antenna that sticks directly to my gas tank.Although the SkyFi is nearly ideal for motercycle use it does have 2 drawbacks. First is amplification. The receiver has only a pre amp and will not drive headphone speakers to a useful audio level. Problem solved with a 13 watt minature amphlifer from Navone Engineering, with volume control. 2nd problem is the led screen is not sheilded in any way and in direct overhead sunlight it is very difficult if not impossible to see. This problem is only important if you are interested in knowing the artist or song title that is currently playing. Once you learn the channel selection method your favorite type of audio listening is only a couple of push buttons away.
Delphi SA10000 XM SKYFi Radio Receiverit xame really by slow boat from China and remote doesn't work too well
Easy to use, easy to set up. Had same unit in another vehicle, enjoying the sounds of XM radio on the road.
I purchased this receiver and vehicle kit to use with my existing factory car stereo. First I will list the pros, and then the cons.Pros: Very easy to install and get up and running, large diplay easy to read in dim light or darkness, full function remote, receiver functions are easy to understand and operate, sound quality is much, much better than FM (actually rivals CD quality), can't beat it for $100.Cons: Bundle of wires is cumbersome, cannot change display color (orange is all you get), my biggest complaint is about the mounting bracket that comes in the vehicle kit.  It has fallen off my dash about 3 times because the adhesive isn't strong enough to hold up the weight of the unit, especially when it gets warm inside the vehicle.Overall, I definitely recommend this unit if you don't want to replace your entire stereo with an XM-ready unit.  Price is excellent, sound quality is excellent, and station selection is definitely 1000 times better than FM.
We had one of these and it quit.  It fits in a boombox which gives us nice quality of sound. When we knew wehad to find another radio for the boombox, we went right to Amazon and located it at a very reasonable price.It would have cost a LOT more to buy another whole setup. We could also transfer it to the receiver we had alreadyhooked up in our RV.  This was a BIG savings and so convenient to obtain.Recommend for anyone who needs to save the receivers they have by getting a radio replacement.
I purchased this stuff and it worked fine and I grew to LOVE XM's channels. Then, Sirius and XM combined and the knuckleheads took many channels I loved off, claiming you could hear the music on other channels. Liers.Fine Tunning (totally 24 hour eclectic channel playing from Patty Smith, to Bach, to Wishbone Ash...great to listen to anytime)Latin JazzWorld Visions (totally 24 hour world music station...great to listen to in the morning to brighten it.)They were all removed and I am still pissed that XM destroyed such a good product. As well, their Sinatra channel used to be wonderful, playing golden nuggets from Sinatra, Holiday, Ella, Lee, Cole and others. They played more rare cuts. And on Saturday nights the DJ would through in contemporary artists singing classics like Bjork, Bowie, Bryan Ferry, Sting.  Now it's all Frank when he is older and flat.Plus they used to have a channel called VOX, which was a dreamy blend of Opera AND Choral Music, which was often more Choral music....and Lord Save Me...was that a dream to fall asleep to a chorus of angels.Now I just use it in work and listen to the classical station lightly in the background. I used to listen to it everywhere in my house.Guess all good things come to and end. Well....then according to Newton, so must all bad things. I hope they put the magic back in their product one day. Knuckleheads.
What a great invention.  I just had this installed as an aftermarket item on my Suburban.  I've had it for 2 months and love it.  The product itself is easy to use, logical.The XM service needs to be updated with more stations to listen to.
I have owned this system for one month and can tell you that it is a solid system.What sets this system apart from its competitors is the power of its amp.  It is probably the only microsystem out there with a 140 watt amp (70 watt x 2 channels); most microsystems are typically 30-50 watts (that's total wattage).  Besides this it has excellent speaker design, the cabinets are solidly built and even though it is a faux laminate wood siding I think it is still handsome (you won't fool anyone into thinking its solid wood, but its not bad).  The speaker wire that is used is of thicker gauge then the average cheap mini system (you know, those thin black wires).  The wires are connected by a proprietary connector, the positive of this is that there is a firm connection leading to better sound than the average spring clamp.  The downside is that you can't connect other speakers, not that this matters since the system is bi-amped which means that any other speakers could damage both the amp and the speaker itself.Instead of pre-programmed "equalizer" settings this one has independent Bass and Treble controls.  While it is not as good as higher quality (and priced) systems it does the trick.  Basically you have four positive settings and four negative setting for both treble and bass.  Because this is a microsystem, don't expect that turning the bass all the way up will get the room bumping.  Overall you will not be disappointed in the sound quality.  On a slightly different note one control feature I really like is the volume knob which is slightly dampened, when you turn it there is some smooth resistance.Sound quality is excellent for a small room/bedroom and the powerful amp means that it really rocks when you crank it up.  Volume setting goes up to 30 but for casual listening 13-17 is fine (and I like music loud).  Radio reception is fairly good with the coaxial FM antenna, where I live there is really poor radio reception so it may work better for you.  There is a tape deck cleverly hidden behind the display, I don't know how good it is because I don't use tapes.The display is a no frills LCD that has a bright orange backlight; it's hard to see/distinguish track numbers, etc. from far away.  I have owned systems in the past that have fancy blinking lights and colors with cool demo-setting visuals, the problem is that I can't go to sleep at night because my bedroom is lit up like there is a strobe light on.  This system is either on or off, the LCD is not too bright to light up a dark room but when you turn it off it does not default to a blinking/flashing demo setting (which, I feel is a plus).Cons... There have to be some...1) It is a single disc player.  If it had a CD changer (lets say 3 discs) then this would be my dream system.  Nope, you're going to have to get off your butt to change the CD.2) Does not support MP3 playback.  I am very surprised by this since most mini/micro systems these days support MP3 playback as a basic feature.  For a system of this quality (and price... I got mine for $299) you would think MP3 playback would be standard, but no...  On the other hand many of the higher priced/ upscale systems like Denon and Onkyo don't support MP3 playback either.... Why?  I don't have a clue...3) The remote.  What can I say, the system is very attractive and elegant but the remote is a clunky piece of crap.  Not only is it much larger then it needs to be but it feels awkward to hold.  The button layout is poorly designed as well, there is nothing intuitive about it except the power on/off button being a different color (green in this case) and at the top corner of the remote.  Important buttons such as skip forward and backwards are tiny specs while the equalizer controls (which most people don't use that much I'd imagine) are huge.  I wish electronics companies spent more time on remote control design because it is an accessory that most people use quite often (also, for this system you need a remote to perform some actions like setting radio stations).4) There is a flimsy switch on the front of the system, next to the volume control, that is used for tuning radio stations, skipping tracks on CD's or fast forwarding/rewinding on CD's.  It just feels like it will break off with enough use and for the functions that it is assigned to frequent use is what it will get.  To make the system better they could have used a spring-loaded knob (sort of like jog dials that are found on some remotes).All in all this system is worth its money.  Sony could make a few improvements and create a dream system, but I am plenty happy with my purchase as is.  Hope this review helps.
I purchased this unit about a month or so before Christmas of 2003.After doing a little bit of research into the systems available, I decided to start looking around the stores to see what was available in our area.This was not my first purchase however. The first one was a Panasonic unit from Sears that went for about $350.00. At the time I figured 70 watts total power would be more than enough for my needs here at home.Considering that I have an older, full size &quot;Sony Rack System&quot; purchased in the 80's and is like new, and weighs in at 55 watts per channel...I just assumed that 70 watts would blow the roof off. Not the case.It's quite obvious that power in terms of &quot;watts per channel&quot; is measured differently these days??? The 70 watt Panasonic turned up full barely matched the level of my &quot;rack system&quot; upstairs turned up to about only 4. It was at this point I decided to return the unit for a refund and continue my search.I went to the Sony Store in town and picked up the top of the line CMT-CPX1. Total 140 watts!!!Along with a whopping price tag of $499.00...(welcome to Canada and free trade.However, I decided it was worth the price and picked it up.Once set up at home, I tried out the various features. The one main reason for picking up this particular unit was because of it's separate &quot;bass&quot; and &quot;treble&quot; controls.Call me old fashioned, but I just can't give in to a system &quot;presetting&quot; the tone levels on any given cd...not that I am an &quot;audiophile&quot; by any means, those presets just sound like hell in my opinion. Too many recordings offer too many subtle nuances that just can't be captured and appreciated with &quot;presets&quot;. It makes me wonder about the general youth of today and my concern lies with the fact...are they really appreciating the music that they listen to...or is it all just...&quot;boom chicka boom, chicka boom&quot;?????Overall...for the size of this unit...it works quite well for my needs. Without the headphones...the volume cranked at about 15 to 20 is quite powerfull with room to move (up to 30). The one thing I can say however, is that it's a differnt story with headphones.Maybe it's time for a new set, but the $150 Koss phones I have will accommodate the volume at 30 and still leave you wanting more. I would hope this is the case and I will soon find out as I am in the market for a new set.As far as it being a &quot;single-load&quot; cd player...half of the fun is getting up off of yer &quot;duff&quot; to change the music once in awhile isn't it?...works for me.I gave it a 4.I'll give it a 5 if a new set of headphones allow the volume to come through at a lower level. For some music, the volume maxed out at 30 is quite comfortable actually....and to me, this just doen't feel like 140 watts???...Like I said...they must measure the output of these units differently these days?Other than that...it really is a great little system...just don't buy one in Canada, cuz they'll rape your wallet at the checkout counter!ThanksKim
A couple things I noticed were that when I took it out of the packagethe joystick was bent to the left a bit down at the stem so fixing it is impossible. Folks at rio said they wouldnt replace it because it was &quot;customer abuse&quot; and as others have said it interpheres with other cables although i can just barely slip it in. Updates via Rio Music Manager are ongoing which is great, and transfers are fast. Although I dont go for the quality of music i go for quantity. If you use Windows Media Player Sync for transfering your mp3s you can fit well over 70 songs on this thing. Ive owned this for about 7 months now, dirt and dust gets underneath the screen but you can crack oopen the bottom and blow it out, also the screen gets very scratched for me just get some plastik sandpaper (about 2000 grit) and some toothpaste and sand it down. I keep mine fairly glassy. Another Con about the fuse is its inability to accept external memory, but doesnt bother me as much as other people i know that owns it. 70 songs is good enough for me. Other than what I have said I would probably get a Rio Nitrus if I was put back into the place of buying it. about 10 times the space and just over 150 dollars makes it a great competitor with the overly expensive Apple Ipod Besides who has 40 gigs of music except a radio station...Nobody thats who
Make sure you have an easily accessible USB port before choosing this player -- its size requires me to unplug my mouse when using it with my laptop, or climb under my table to plug it into the back of my computer case when using my desktop (the front-facing ports are at an angle that won't accommodate the Fuse's size).This isn't to say that this player doesn't function well -- in all aspects, including battery life, sound quality, and user interface, I really like it.  My Fuse has been a solid performer for about 6 months now, and has stood up to a lot of abuse already.A Better choice would most likely be a Rio Cali (slightly larger, but has an FM radio and is available in 256mb for only slightly more money).
A great product - powerful yet tiny. 2 problems though....the first is no belt clip. This is easily solved by buying a 3rd party do-it-yourselfer. The 2nd problem is the access to your computer's USB. As many owners ascertained, other wires get in the way. What happens when the wires you must pull out that block its entry are the mouse and keyboard? That is the case on my Sony Vaio. Owners of this computer also know there are an additional 2 USB ports on the front for easy access. What you may not know is the plastic frame which makes up part of the tower casing prevents the Fuse from fully connecting with the USB port...Nice....Why the geniuses at Rio couldn't forsee this hassle is beyond me. I am now forced to export MP3's to my laptop so I can transfer them to my Fuse. What A pain...
After waiting so long for the Rio Fuse to arrive (it had been on backorder for a while), I was pleased. This is the second Rio product that I've owned, the first being the Rio 800.It is so small and so tiny and if you have very good eyesight, then good luck. The font is so small and the buttons even smaller. The Rio Music Manager program is not that difficult. Anyone can transfer music onto this player and there are no cables and wires to fuss over.The only problems that you may run into is the menu on the Rio Fuse player itself. Again, I said the font is small and the buttons are even smaller. It might take getting used to. The other problem that I had was plugging it in the USB port. There were other wires that were in the way so I couldn't get to the USB port and when I did manage to plug it in, my keyboard lost its connection. So you might have to make some connection sacrifices like I did.Other than that, I just love the Rio Fuse. It's not a big and bulky player like a CD walkman and you can slip it in your purse. You might also want to get some rechargable batteries, because although it comes with an Energizer AAA battery, it will run out really fast.
This player may not have FM radio, but it does have nice clarity, sleek design, and reliability knowing that it comes from the best, Rio. There is no way I'm ever owning a heavy, bulky cd player again.It holds about 2.5 cds at a time(30 songs)and comes with updated software, which is neat and easy to use. It has a great price and holds all the music you will need. The earphones are &quot;buds&quot; with 4/5 rating on comfort and clarity. Holds right in your pocket for on the go travel. It has a nice joystick, and seems will last a good while. And if you want to change the music,put it in the USB port and put more on! It's that easy. So if youre looking for an affordable Mp3 player, this is the one to get!
First off, I'm not disagreeing with many of the negative comments concerning its usability and design.  Certainly if you're looking for something to play music (as 99% of the buyers are), then there are better units out there.However, if you are an avid podcast listener, there is one overlooked feature that this has that I have been having extreme difficulty finding in other brands:  Multiple bookmarks that can remember positions even within a single file.  I resample downloaded talkshows to 24Kbit/mono which allows me to fit almost 12 hours of programs into 128MB so the puny memory is not an issue for me.  There are many programs which are two or even three hours in length.  The bookmarks allow me to remember & go back and replay / resume interesting parts of a program for  playback later.  Without this feature, I'd be forced to always start at the beginning of a very long program and spend long periods of time holding down the fast-forward button (assuming one exists) to parts of the file which I would have to remember or write down.I'm far from being an MP3 player expert.  If there are other models that are dirt cheap in this low memory range with a bookmark feature, please give a shout.  After all, as of this writing this model has been discontinued and I've been using it very heavily.  I don't know for how much longer this little guy will last...
I've never found a PDA case (or cell phone case) that I'd call perfect, but this case is pretty close. The case is very high quality, and the removable belt clip is really nice. A belt clip is sometimes nice, but I hate having it permanent. The solution for this product is a velcro &quot;hatch&quot; in the back through which you can attach the clip stud if you want it in. My only complaint is that the case uses a snap button rather than magnetic tabs to keep the case shut. It does make it a little more secure in a bag, but it prevents you from making a truly silent opening/closing during a meeting. All the necessary ports are available in the case (USB plug, stylus, headphone, etc. A nice side-effect of the case is that it protects the record button from being accidentally hit (and thus turning the thing on and wasting your battery. Overall, this is just about the best PDA case I've tried, and I'd recomend it.
I got this jacket a month into having my ipod.  I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and when I pulled the iPod out of that case it was easy to drop.  One time I did drop it and within a month of owning the iPod I had it in fro repairs.This case protected my iPod of another 11 months just fine.  My complaint with it tough is the plastic peice that protects the screen and pod from falling out.  It is stiched on the inside so when the ipod is in there is creates friction.  Acrilic and plastic do not mux and you get a slightly scraped serface.It will protect your pod though.
This case is made of nice material.  Unfortunately the Ipod fits rather loosely in the case.  Also, one of the Velcro flaps on the top of the case covers the hold button on the Ipod.  The case takes away from the Ipod's good looks and slightly hinders usage of the buttons.  It doesn't do what I wanted it to do - stay out of the way and simply protect the MP3 player.  However, the case would be great to use just for jogging as it comes with a belt and clip that hold the Ipod firmly.
I'm using this to get audio out of a Mac Mini, which I'm using to stream DVD content. Working from an online tip, I selected "internal speakers" from the sound control panel, and then the transit from within apple's DVDPlayer, and everything is fine. This is contrary to the instructions that came w/ it.Sound is choppy w/ VLC, but I haven't investigated yet.This is w/ a PPC mini, 10.4.9.
It's small, requires no power cord, has no buttons, and has a 104dB s/n ratio and almost no harmonic distortion -- yes!  The moment I installed this on my Dell Latitude D600, I could hear a marked improvement in bass clarity and overall imaging.Now the drawbacks: The software is not so hot.  You cannot adjust its output and there is no equalizer.  Plus I had a huge driver issue and tech support had no idea how to solve it.  I had to do three hours of serious technical detective work (Windows driver version numbers, service packs, system files, etc.) to fix it.  (Turn out it was an issue was with XP's USB drivers... surprise!)Furthermore, it cannot monitor its own line-in.  Thus you cannot use the line-in jack to, say, play another audio source through your speakers.Still, the simplicity of the device and its sound quality won me over.  Recommended.
I wish I would have been advised to get an optical chord with this. I'm new to the industry and it was not pleasant to find out I was missing this and that with my setup. But the product is alright.
Hi I am DJ and I record a lotta, single vinyls, mixes, from tapes or CDs to my computer or laptop. This piece of USB soundcard is one of the smallest solutions and there is ASIO and the AD/DA chip is same as in other similar M-Audio devices.So in fact resolution/capability are almost the same across the same "chipset".There is fact, that with low latency and monitor back there are sometimes issues with hearing, but record is not touched by those at all. Of course if you use same USB for storing your USB Hub get overloaded and start swap and share the bandwith.Easy to use. Easy to operate with. Easy to install. I use it for almost three years. Still working well.So finally if you need something for "field" recording it is an option. Of course if you have firewire, there is no discussion about the choice, FW is always better.There is also Terratec Producer company's sound cards (USB/FW) like PHASE22/PHASE26 so you can check those also.
...Here's the update, right up front. M-Audio did eventually release a Win7-64 driver for the Transit that works, and seems to work quite well.  It was a long time coming, but the little guy has gone from dusty drawer denizen to a trusted and go-to tool.  With a good driver, the Transit just...works.  Kudos to M-Audio, who have shown the ability to learn and improve.  Even more Kudos for not just abandoning a dated and inexpensive but still imminently useful tool.  They're back on my good list, and quite relieved, I'm sure &lt;g>.Original review below.I'm glad I bought the Transit...really.  It's actually not a bad little device, and works great...when it's working.  It's drivers, however, are  garbage, and always have been garbage.  Even back on XP they gave me continual fits, and that was on a very respectable computer.  Updates have been few and far between, and haven't really made much improvement in my experience.  I'm hardly alone; go out on M-Audio's own website forums and you'll find post after post of people pleading and begging them to fix the Transit's drivers...to no avail.  Now the thing won't work with Win7-64 (It says it does.  It lies.) and frankly it's looking like it never will.So I'm glad I bought it.  I did get some use out of it, and it was cheap.  That means I didn't spend a lot of money to learn to avoid M-Audio products due to their inability to provide reasonable software support.  After all, the Transit's a pretty dirt-simple little device.  if they can't write a decent driver for that, do I want to trust them for products that actually have things like knobs?  Not so much.  There are plenty of options in audio interfaces out there.
i own the iPod (just got it) and the creative Zen (1st generation-had it for a year).main advantages of the iPod:small and lightweight,looks friggin cool,intuitive and very easy to use menu's,can sync outlook contacts, appointments, notes, etc...can be used as a hard drive,iTunes is a good program (for ripping, burning, playing music and organizing the iPod),scroll wheel is amazing.disadvantages:price,doesn't come with non firewire cables (if you don't have a firewire card, you need to purchase another cable ($20) to use the iPod (with USB - either 1.1 or 2.0),"on the go playlists" - you can build a playlist on the iPod while you are out and about, however, you can't save it on the iPod.  you can save it with iTunes when you sync, but only if you are using "automatic sync" - which i don't(so no spur of the moment playlists which can be used again for me).  note that you can create as many playlists as you want on iTunes and save them to the iPod.overall i am very happy with the iPod.compared with the Zen -Zen is bigger and heavier (while still small overall, compared to the iPod it is significantly larger),Zen is sooooo much cheaper and for more memory,Zen has much better "on the go playlist" functionality (i.e. it lets you create a playlist on the unit and save it, create another one, save it, etc...).Zen has a que of songs that can be added to, changed, etc... on the fly - the iPod does noti would reccomend the Zen as well, as a much cheaper alternative, with superior mp3 playing functionality (que and "on the go playlists"), though you can't sync outlook information, it doesn't have games, is heavier and larger overall and is certainly not nearly as cool looking.
Ok not a 5 but nothing is perfect. Not real thrilled with the musicmatch setup but it worked fine. I just didn't want to keep paying money for the updated version to buy my songs. So instead I downloaded I tunes and it worked great. I can't believe how easy it is to transfer my songs from my cd's I love it. It is small and easy to carry in your pocket. The learning curve for use is minimal which is what makes the Ipod so great. Nice Job Apple!
The Ipod is a great MP3 player. The organization of the files is done on your computer and you can then download the files onto your Ipod. The sound is good, being all digital it never ever skips. I love the shuffle all mode, where your player basically becomes a jukebox and plays thousands of songs in any order, you can also shuffle by artist or album.I did not give it 5 stars because of the battery life. The specs say that it is 8 hours in continuous play but it's not true, the longest mine has lasted is 6 hours. The other problem is that when you download songs on to it, the batteries are used a lot faster and they die after an hour, so if you think that you can just upload all your songs at once, think again, you'll have to do it in 20+ different times. If you use the same volume level option for all the songs, the transfer is quite slow and you can only download about 60 songs in an hour.Otherwise it is a good product, the design is really slick, compact and very light. I wish the base booster was of better quality though. If you have a PC, you'll need to get a cable converter for it to connect to your computer.
This is possibly the neatest piece of consumer electronics I've bought in a long time.  First, the design and packaging: sleek and smooth. Apple once again leads the way in hardware design. Operating the iPod is intuitive; I was able to get mine running in about 10 seconds flat.  Navigation thought the OS is easy and intuitive, and selecting music is a snap.Apple has just released iTunes for Windows, but is not currently shipping same with iPods. Do yourself a giant favor: after buying your iPod, go to Apple.com and download iTunes before you go any further.  It's free and is about 14 MB.  This program is much more intuitive than RealJukebox (previously used to sync tunes for Windows machines) and, obviously, is designed to work with the iPod.  It also offers the much-vaunted iTunes Library, where any song there may be purchased for a nominal sum, as well as many streaming Internet radio stations.Battery life is not quite what it should be.  For reasons unknown to me, syncing with the PC uses up a phenomenal amount of battery power.  I ran down my batteries twice while syncing my entire MP3 collection (over 1400) with my iPod when I first got it.  The answer, of course, seems to be to have a FireWire port so you can charge while syncing.  With normal listening use, I seem to get about 4-5 hours per charge, which isn't too bad.If you intend to rip your CD collection to your Pod, be warned: the default rip format is AAC, which makes for much larger files than MP3s (albeit with better quality).  This will eat up hard disk space on your own PC like no one's business.  It seems to run about 100MB per disk, plus or minus.  Therefore, ripping 5 disks to the Pod has taken up about 500 MB on my hard drive - no good.  I suppose I can live with removing the source files from the PC as long as they stay on the Pod.The 20 GB model comes with a lot of interesting extras: a carrying case, a pouch to hold your charger and other extraneous cables, a charging/syncing dock, a remote control, and extra foam covers for the earpieces (which slip off very easily).  It is true, as other reviewers have mentioned, that it does NOT come with a USB cable - so if you do not have a FireWire port, either buy one or purchase the optional combination FireWire/USB cable to plug into the dock. (And if you don't have USB, you are in big trouble anyway.)
I started with the original 5 Gig iPod.  I was impressed then, and I'm impressed now.My only complaint is this (which keeps it from getting 5 stars).  Battery life.  The original iPod lasted at least 10 hours.  The new ones, only 8.  Why Apple took this step in the WRONG direction is beyond me, but it was a big mistake.  Even so, the iPod rocks.  I love it.
I've been listening to MP3's on portable players since the Diamond 32MB. I'm an absolute music junkie and use these players to get me to (and keep me in) the gym everyday. The iPod (of which I've owned 2 previous models) is hands down the best portable on the market.What should be of concern to those in the market for this player are two things:1.  Price to Value:  This is a 20GB player, your average song size is somewhere near 3MB at 128kbps playback quality (very good for headphones), that means this little guy can hold somewhere near 7,000 songs!!!!  If you have even half that many tracks I'll bet the RIAA is staking your house out right now (look for snipers on your neighbors roof).  I have the 10GB player (but i've bought a 20GB and a 40GB for friends) and it's way more than enough for my songs.  Also, keep in mind that although the difference isn't huge, there is a noticable weight increase as you go up in GB size.2.  Battery life:  You may not be aware of this, but there is some consumer litigation going on between iPod users and Apple.  They claim that the battery on the iPod is engineered to die within 1.5 years (and they don't replace).  The battery on my 5GB player died before 1 year.  When that happened, I took it back to my computer retailer and they gave me full credit towards the purchase of an upgrade.  Well, when I went in to buy another player as a gift, turns out that program has been discontinued.  I'll bet it's because these things were coming back so much for that reason.  There is an interesting article on Popular Science that shows you how to change the battery (not for engineering neophytes or anyone that doesn't want to void the warranty), and even a reference in that article of a service that'll do it for you.So, if you're rich, consider the 20 or 40GB, a year and a half of high quality enjoyment may be enough.  If your like most everyone though, consider the much lower priced 5 or 10GB.Once you're an owner, check out the Apple owned iTunes site (this sounds like a commercial but...). They work phenomenal together.I have a PC, if you do to, make sure you buy the PC version. Also, it's much easier if your PC has a Firewire port (kind of like a USB port but wider and shorter). If it doesn't, and you're not computer savvy, you might want to avoid iPod (as painful as that is to say) because you'll have to get a special card for insertion into your computer (not that easy to do).Daily use is great. The keys themselves are heat sensitive, which is cool (no pun..), but can be a pain when you get the song you want, go to put in your pants, and accidently touch a key. Other than that, flawless. Very intuitive buttons, very intuitive menu, and beautiful looks.Well, hope this was helpful.
What a great device. It stores everything I could want and then some. Its battery life is a little disappointing after several months, which is why I'm giving it four stars. The navigation is smooth and very effective. Long plane flights and car trips seem far shorter with this gadget in my hand.Highly recommended!
I've had my 20 GB (G3) iPod for about a week now. Here are my interim thoughts:- I have a WinDoze XP Pro PC, and it interfaced cleanly the FIRST TIME, with the iTunes software. I imported my MP3's into it, then drag/dropped them into the iPod (set as a disc), and it worked perfectly- The unit functions perfectly, and I get about 6-8 hours of battery life. This doesn't bother me, as I understand that the thing is a miniature Mac computer, and as such, computers suck power. Just the nature of the beast.- Sound quality is excellent. I have the EQ set to Bass Booster, and I get good dynamic range. However, I did go buy Sony phones for it, as I believe that Sony makes by far, the best phones- No freezing or reset issues AT ALL. Flawless operation every time.- Overall, I think this product is styled and built to the highest quality standards in the industry. I am very pleased with the unit overall, and glad that I bought it. I was more than happy to pay a premium for a product like that.- I learned the user interface in about 5 minutes. iTunes took a while longer.Many thanks to Apple for such a fine product!(I only gave it 4 stars because I never give anything a perfect score.)
I had looked at Ipods for a long time and decided to finally get one.  I bought one and when I opened it, I noticed it was only set for firewire.  Therefore, I immediately had to go out and spend money on a firewire card to use it. If they would have told me this before hand, I could have bought it before.  Otherwise the product is a very nice MP3 player and if you need an MP3 player and Palm Pilot, I would suggest getting this.
Extremely fast boot-up, fast song searching, works with multiple o/s (also works in linux I've read), line out in connector dock for home receiver hookup, battery is replaceble ([...] offers some tips)&lt;&gt;my iPod's now part of my home stereo system. took about 31mins (15.3Gb @ 9.21MBs) to transfer both mp3 and wav files. one push of button and the unit is on. no delays. formatted ipod in ntfs. big mistake! i didn't realize ipod or mac can't read ntfs and now i know. But i was able to restore the ipod back to its original settings which also took care of reformatting the hdd back to fat32. Kinda subjective but I do like the menus and buttons are simple and not cluttered and intuitive and also no apple (or any logo) markings in front.The downside is it has expensive optional accessories, no info on Signal-to-noise ratio, no 800Mbps fireWire support, and no ntfs support.
I must admit I am very pleased with the IPOD-4 I just purchased. While it arrived with a small nick, I decided not to return it but get on with using it. It is a marvelous machine, with excellent third party add ons that enhance its utility. The iTRIP is fabulous, turning my car into a sound stage. The AltecLansing portable speaker system keeps me in tune at the office, and the sound from the JBL Creature II speaker system has lit up my home.The only three downsides I have found (and for these issues Apple gets 4 rather than 5 stars) are the nick on the back plate that should have been caught prior to delivery, the fact that I cannot shuffle songs on playlists, only on the master list, and the fact that I cannot hook my IPOD up to more than one computer I own.This bugs me because I don't want to listen to my songs in alphabetical order (how anal retentive for a company like Apple to forgo this flexibility). In addition, I have music on  anumber of computers I own, yet cannot transfer them easily with my IPOD without losing my already uploaded songs (again anal retentive on the part of an otherwise creative comapny). Nor can my wife and son have different songs on my computer that they can download for use on their iPods.Other than that, a great machine at a new lower price.
The iPod is an excellent technoligical advance in the field of portable digital music. The iPod started the revolutionary idea of portable jukeboxes made by other companies. So, why not go with the original?Features:Portability; lightweight, sleek design attractiveStorage; depending upon which model you chose, you will have more than plenty room for your music collection.Clarity; Sound is crisp and clearMenus; Easy user interface to navigate to artists/songs/albumsDisadvantages:Battery Life; Up to 8 hours if your lucky. Backlight drains much of it. It is able to be turned off to conserve battery life.iTunes; Terrible operating system for managing your music. The iPod works on an &quot;Update every time you connect it&quot; basis. The iPod is updated with the songs in your iTunes library. I was hoping I could add music to the iPod and delete the songs from my hard drive afterward. If the song isn't in your library when its connected, the song will be removed from the iPod.Although the iPod has a few flaws, it is definitely a good idea for any previous CD player user. Wrap up: Good Mp3 player, crisp clear sound. Sleek looking design with backlight and buttonless interface. Bad battery life, bad software.
i'm not a gadget guy, but i'm glad i have an iPod. i've tried other portable MP3 players, but the capacity, ease of use, and support for the iPod are excellent, far and above the rest.the good things are obvious, but here they are again: great software in iTunes, decent UI on the device itself, great capacity, and super small.the one bad thing is quite annoying: the unit sometimes turns itself on (even with the power locked off) when i power it on or sync it with my win XP laptop, so i've walked off with it on when i thought it was off. so much for the expected battery life!the 20GB unit comes with all of the things you'll need *and* a 6 pin to 4 pin converter device, perfect for my thinkpad x31. i didn't have to buy that 30 cable, i should have read the box more closely. it also comes with the stand (not really needed for day to day operations), software, and a small remote for your headphone line.all in all reccomended for the music lover. i like to download shows from NPR and load them on my iPod or use it for cross country flights. it's a perfect device for those situations, and many more. i'm quite pleased i purchased this model as opposed to the larger model, i just wouldn't need all that space (but the money comes in handy).
And yet you forget about the size once you hear it.Having started out with 78s, then 45s, 33 1/3, CDs, this is truly amazing in every aspect.It is small, lightweight and flat enough to fit into the pocket of your jeans.  But it manages to hold an entire music library with room to spare and reproduces excellent sound.  The sound quality is unsurpassed.Transferring files, from Apple's iTunes, is a painless, quick and easy way to do it.  After the download you can sort them to folders you create.  iTunes has quite a vast arrany of music ranging from Billboard hits going back to the 50's up to the latest hits on the airwaves.  You will find almost everything you want there and even a few albums/ songs that you don't know about.  The price is the standard 99 cents per song; $10 for an album.But it is the iPod that makes it all amazing.  In less space than you could store a CD jewel case (and think of all the fun you will have with NEVER having to open one of those cellophane wrappers again), you can have nearly 5000 songs or 500 complete albums!  The sound quality is excellent and even though I am using it in enemy territory (I am a PC devotee), the Apple people don't begrudge you that choice and it loaded, set up and works with any PC imaginable.The loss of one star comes from the impossible tuning system though.  The wheel/ scroll device is OK but it makes it nearly impossible to quickly back and forth from one album/ song to the next.  Something more in the line of a PALM touch screen would be better suited but as the sound quality is excellent, the ease of use is unbeatable and you will have this with you for quite some time, that is a minor glitch.One recommendation:  get one of the small, inexpensive devices that lets you play the iPod through your home or car FM stereo sound system.  Don't be mislead by the claims that it drifts in and out.  If you are playing it at home, just keep the iPod near the stereo and you will never have to worry.All in all, it is truly the next step in music.
I've owned a first generation iPod and a 3G (for a short period of time).In general, I have found that it's one of the most convenient ways to store a huge amount of music.  This is why it's become such a cultural phenomemnon.  Not only that, it has one of the most convenient, intuitive user interfaces designed thus far.  There's room for improvement still, no doubt, but the scroll wheel used to maneuver menus is very convenient and delightful to use.  The clicking noise that the iPod makes when moving from selection to selection grows on you.  One thing that is important though is to remember to organize your music by playlists...otherwise, if you just do a song browse, you could be spending all day rotating that scroll wheel at top speed.  Even when you're fast, it still takes FOREVER to go through 500 songs...much less 10,000.Between the 1g and the 3g, there's been alot of structural design changes that are subtle to anybody who's never owned owe.  While the 1g suffered from problems with the earbuds breaking off at the stem and cracking located at the earphone input, the 3g has cleaned up those issues.The touch sensitive buttons on the 3g takes a little getting used to...I do prefer the solid tactile feel of having real buttons on the 1g, but at the least, the 3g avoids any mechanical wear problems.  My only other complaint about that is that the touch button seem a little less responsive on the 3g.If you're going to buy an iPod, go with the 4g.  It combines the best things of the 1g and 3g, and besides, it's cheaper!  Who cares about the belt clip case...there's better ones from third party companies.As for battery life....I've never had issues.  The 1g had great battery life.  The 3g was shorter.  It think the people who complain about it somehow manage to use it 24-7 (kudos to people who can do that at work and all).  Fast-forwarding really shortens the battery life, maybe it's these impatient people that are whining and all.  But even with fast-fowarding, there's at least a good solid 6 hours of music, IF you are constantly fast-forwarding.  It's even better when you don't.I'm not sure how well the Zen or the iRiver are in terms of battery life and fast-forwarding, and maybe they are bigger and cheaper,  but I do know that the competition hasn't surpassed the iPod regards to elegance of design.
Let me start by saying anyone who does not think the iPod is at the head of its class is dead wrong. It is the premier mp3 player on the market today. I use a Windows XP machine (forgive me Apple users), and this has been my only complaint. The iPod has had problems from day 1 syncing to my computer. If Apple could have made the iPod work as great with Windows as it did iTunes, I would have easily given this 5 stars.
First of all, I have to say that the iPod is definitely more convenient than an everyday CD player. Finally, you can have all your songs in one place, so you don't have to carry around a bulky CD case and search for the CD you want. For someone constantly on the move, like me, that's a blessing. Also, the iPOD is small and light, small enough, in fact, to fit into your pocket, purse, or backpack. The 20GB version also comes with a carry-case that means your iPOD won't be damaged if you put it in your backpack or purse.Now, I use iPod with a Windows PC, so I don't know if my problems only apply to Windows users, but I've found that often, songs won't play, or they'll skip. In my book, this is incredibly annoying. Also, some CD players let you listen to the radio in addition to your own CD's, but with iPod, this is not the case. The other thing is that, if you use the earphones that come with the iPod, be forewarned: they're small and uncomfortable (they start hurting after a while), and they frequently fall out.In short, while the iPod is an extremely convenient device, I don't think it's worth the money. If it were me, I'd go for a reliable CD player, despite having to lug around a bulky CD case, but it's up to you.
&gt; THIS IS NOT THE IPOD THAT WAS RELEASED A FEW DAYS AGOIf anyone bothered looking at Apple's website, it would be obvious that this isn't the new iPod. The new iPod has a click-wheel and the part number is M9282LL/A (not M9244LL/A). Do some research before buying!Anyway, this 3G 20GB iPod includes a dock, carrying case, and wired remote which the 4G doesn't include. But the 4G iPod offers the click-wheel and the new firmware which yields better battery life and has the new interface.
This Christmas, the iPod was on everyone's wish list. I was fortunate enough to receive one, the 20GB one, and since i got it, i havent stopped using it. Unfortunately, my iPod came without a FireWire to connect to my PC and therefore, it was around a week before i managed to buy one of those (from Amazon.co.uk, costing around 17/$26). However, once i had got one, i realised just how good and worthwhile having an iPod can be. Ive downloaded many of my CDs onto my iPod, and will be borrowing Cds from my friends to store on my iPod. It is much better than a normal mp3, simply because of its fanastic storage capacity. The battery lasts a long time and i have brought it on many car, bus and train journeys, i even took it to a JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE concert! Another advantage to having an iPod is that everyone is impressed by it! People who i've never spoken before ask me about it, and all my friends keep asking to borrow it.. However, i dont think i'll let them just yet.. Maybe once the compliments start dying down.. Thanks apple, for creating this great mp3 player! If you dont have an iPod, i strongly advise you to get one asap!
i pod is undoubtedly one of the best portable music machines around...  It looks stunning, sounds pretty good, and got amazing touch-sensitive buttons that not only looks darn good but works (quite surprisingly) well.  So what's the problem??? i pod can be incredibly annoying for many reasons:One of the biggest flaw is its remote control, not only does it look poor, when compared to its ultra cool daddy, but it doesn't work well.. What do I mean?  You cannot actually move from one file to another file! - fair enough you might not actually care when you first buy the machine but after using the machine for months you will notice how annoying it is to take the machine out from your bag or your pocket everytime you want to skip from album to album.Next flaws i mention are much more trivual compared to the first one but nevertheless still criticisable...  So what else is there that may discourage you from buying the machine?  Well,  One of the biggest advantage the i pod has from its competitors is its stunning looks, the reason i pod, and not other jukebox is so popular nowadays is, in my opinion, is its looks and it's simple user interface.  So, if the machine loses its looks then there is half the reasons to buy the darn machine.  That's exactly the point i am trying to get- YES the machine does look cool when you first buy it, but the machine is incredibly easy to scratch and its large screen gets scratched even by putting the machine in your pocket.  It's virtually impossible to preserve the machine at the same time as using it.The last flaw is that the machine is not for people with weak heart.  I nearly got a heartattack within the first week of using it.  WHY?- the machine freezes.  it can freeze for a minute and if long 10 minutes, and during that time i wouldn't be surprised if the weak hearted people die from heartattack.  Trust me i may sound pretty pathetic but it is a bit of a shock when you see your $399 investment freeze in your hand for over 10 MINUTES!  Oh boy you don't need that kind of service for the money you pay-  after i bought the machine i found that there are many machines that work with same principles but with relatively lower price.  But if you don't care about these and your top priority in jukebox is for its looks than i pod is nevertheless is in the league of its own.
I never tried another mp3 player, and I don't think I will.I see lots of reviews claiming the iPod is worse than that iRiver thing, and since I've never tried the iRiver, I can't justify that. But I'll say that the iPod is fine for me.It was a pain restarting the computer 3 times trying to install iTunes, but I guess that's a given. The CD importing (to iTunes) was slow, so eventually I just imported them all to Windows Media Player and then put the folders onto iTunes, because that was simply faster.It actually took me awhile to figure out the clickie-wheel thingie, but once I figured it out, it was pretty simple to use. The &quot;Hold&quot; feature was nice, but I forgot when I had it set and couldn't adjust the volume, which annoyed me.It was easy to connect to the computer and update, but it does it automatically, which is a pain when you're listening to music and it suddenly stops. It's easy to sort music by Album, Playlist, Artist, and Song. I think the battery life is okay, but I've never tried to go around for the alleged 8 hours w/o a charge.All in all, I think it's pretty nice. Definitely better than a CD player. If you're really looking to get more bang for your 300 bucks, you should probably shop around a little more.
By now we all know what the iPod is and what it does - but just in case you don't, it's a device similar to what the walkman was 20 years ago that plays music from an internal hard drive instead of a cassette tape. You can currently get an iPod in 3 different sizes, 15, 20, or 40 gigabyte hard drives (not including the new mini iPod which holds 4 gigs). It will play several different file formats, not just mp3s. You can play full quality (16-bit) wav or AIFF files, as well as AAC or Audible files. The unit can also be used as a standalone hard drive.This is all controlled from a simple touch-sensitive interface that allows you to scroll through your songs in a very organized way - either by song name, artist name, album name, or according to your own playlists. You will control the songs uploaded into the iPod from a computer, either a Mac or a PC, and Apple limits you in your ability to upload a song from an iPod onto someone else's computer (i.e. it knows which computer is yours). This is to prevent illegal file sharing.It works well in general, and will hold thousands of songs. The exact number it will hold depends upon the quality of the files you import into it. I have the 15 GB model, and I mostly use full quality AIFFs or the highest quality MP3s and I've barely gone over halfway. By the time I fill the thing up, I'm sure they'll have something else for me to buy.There. Now that's out of the way I can get on with the opinion side of things. It's an overall great product that has helped revolutionize the way we listen to music, some of it good, some bad. Most of my complaints about the iPod center around its lack of features, rather than current features that don't function properly.The unit seems to offer very little compared with the technology that's available today. Why isn't the screen in color? Why doesn't it offer more PDA-like features? These are incredibly inexpensive features to install and would make it a far more valuable piece of equipment. Why doesn't it communicate wirelessly with Airport systems? Why isn't there an easier way to manage playlists from within the iPod itself, not just from a computer? Why isn't there a touch screen/stylus interface for even easier, less cumbersome usage? With all the technology coming to life today, the iPod seems to be remarkably less than what it could be.I also find the problem of non-sharing between computers to be annoying. While I appreciate and agree that such elements should be controlled, cars still drive over 70 miles per hour - we leave it to the consumer to decide not to speed and break the law. Apple shouldn't decide for us. I'm a songwriter and I store song ideas in my iPod to take to writing sessions. The problem? When I want to leave a copy with a co-writer for him to work on, I can't because the iPod won't let me transfer a song to a computer that isn't mine. Here is a completely legal transaction being blocked by Apple's stringency. It can be very annoying.I'm looking forward to what Apple does in the future with this device. Hopefully they'll make it more functional, incorporating the current and inexpensive technology available right now.
I just upgraded to a 20gb iPod and I love it.  I still have my 5gb iPod and I still love it.  My 5gb iPod will not go into retirement that quickly because I can get over 8 hours of battery life.  That is god send if you are skier like me.  For everyday use, the 20gb is the bomb!  If you are on the fence of getting one, (like the Nike Commercial), just do it.  You will not regret it.  And why settle for second best if you can get the best.  Don't sell out on yourself.  I would have given it 5 stars if the battery life was the same as my 5gb.  At least I still have my 5gb for the slopes.
I already own this item and am very pleased with it.  I use my audible.com to download my books, etc. I love the fact taht i can listen to any of my cd's at any time.  Of course the only drawback, as mentioned many times above, is the battery life. Its not that bad, i just have to remember to charge it every two days.  What I am upset about, however, is that i just purchased the above ipod as a gift, thinking i was buying THE NEW ONE!  i went to the electronics store here and went to ipod and found the 20gb ipod.  it was not clear that it WAS NOT the new one.  it has already shipped so i am stuck.  Oh well, an ipod is an ipod is an ipod.  I just felt amazon should have been more diligent in making sure this was not misleading, as there are many people like me, who are not 'in the know' about these types of things.  or is it just me?
I just got an iPod 20 last week and I love it.  I love the way it sounds, I love the interface, and yes, I even like the remote.  I use it and iTunes on a P3, 733Mhz with Win2000 and everything works great.A few cons: beware of Apple's accessory racket.  I had to buy the USB/Firewire cable extra- $20...  for a wire.  I also bought the skin, which amounts to a piece of fitted rubber and a plasic belt clip... $30.  So $50 (plus tax) for a wire and a piece of rubber...  hmmm...  Also, I've noticed that occasionally, the song I'm listening to cuts off right before it's finished.  However, I think I might be brushing against the controls, which can be very sensitive.In response to the other reviewers, I actually like the remote.  It's small and out of the way.  To have an LCD on the remote like the comparable iRiver would not only be a distraction, but it would just be one more thing to break.  LCD's can be fragile anyways, and to have one flaling around on the end of a wire sounds like bad news.  Also, knowing the quality (or lack thereof) of iRiver construction, I really wouldn't trust this.  Plus, every other player I've investigated has problems the iPod doesn't: poor navigation, shoddy construction, to large, crackly earphone connections, and a million little extra features that function marginally at best.If you want a radio, buy a radio.  If you want a voice recorder, get one of those little tape recorder thingys like the police use.  But, if you want a seriously great mp3 player, get an Ipod!
The iPod puts even the biggest music archive in your shirt pocket. 20GB is plenty of space to accomodate a very large selection of music, approximately 5000 songs. The iPod is very user-friendly, especially if you are used to Mac OS. Do yourself a favor and go with the itunes software, not musicmatch, the CD database queries and many other features are vastly superior. Be warned that if you switch from musicmatch to itunes you will have to erase your iPod.The sound quality is really good, the batteries last well, but the battery indicator is a bit funky. Be aware that the iPod only charges in the cradle when the computer is on, so it is worth it to get a second firewire cable and charge directly with the power supply. As usual for Apple, this is an all-around well designed, reliable and versatile product that will give you much enjoyment
I have had only limited experience with mpg players, but I have to say that the iPod is scarily easy to use; uploading songs and playing songs is a snap.  Within 5 minutes out of the box, I was playing songs and playing with its many features.The 20 GB model comes with the docking cradle which is very handy as it keeps your iPod safely positioned on your desk.  The included firewire cable attaches either to its wall socket for charging or to your mac's firewire port for charging and song transfer.Scrolling through the features is a snap with its touch sensitive controls.  The iPod looks Star Trek snazzy at night with its red hued backlight.You can sort songs by playlist, title, composer, artist, or album. The shuffle play feature shuffles songs with preference to songs you rate higher in the 5 star rating system.With optional FM transmitter you can take your iPod into your car and listen to songs on your car's FM radio.Overall this snazzy sharp looking player is fun to look at, has great sound, and won't keep you guessing on how to work it.
I've had little to no troubles with my 20GB iPod, although others beg to differ. The iPod is wonderful in many ways. I personally prefer it for its unique style. With iTunes, the iPod is very easy to use and better than any other MP3 player I've used. The negative side-- the battery life! I've found mine to last 6-8 hours... If you want better battery life, get the new model of iPod. Even though it doesn't look as cool, battery life is very important.
creative says it last more than 10 hours for continuous playing, but my nomad muvo 1.5 have to be recharge every 4 or 5 hours. i agree the provided earphone is suck. the 1.5 gb storage are able to statisfy my need, actually i don't think people will need a mp3 player with too big storage, because i dont have that much cd. the sound quality is good and clean. and the appearance is ... as long as you have never seen ipod then muvo 1.5 can be consider as good
It is great, It is compact, It is discret, The equalizer is magnific, The voice recording has a good sensibility, In general its sound is good (not great, I would like more volumen but I am conform because it was not expensive), The better in its clase. It comes with the neck lance and the belt clip (It is pretty). You can check the technical specificatons and pay attention with the output power. It is very difficult to find a good micro small FM radio, This item has not a good reception. I did not have problem with the usb tranference. I did not have problems with the jostick. I bought this one only because I do not have more money righ now. I was thinking too in buy the iriver version but the 64MB is discontinued. I am thinking about to sell it and to buy other with more memory, and maybe you would do the same, in this case if you already have the money to buy a better do it. It eat somes bateries (maybe a good recomandation is to buy an mp3 player with AA Batery instead a AAA batery. NOTE: IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTAN: LIKE I WAS WORRIED ABOUT, THE UNIT GOT DIED AFER SOME MONTHS, AT FIRST THE UNIT GOT SHUTTING DOWN WITHOUT A RAZON WITH NEW BATERIES, I HAD TO TURNED ON AGAIN, THEN THE PC STOP TO VIEW THE DEVICE AND AT THE END GOOD BYE GATEWAY. NEVER BUY IT, IT I JUST TO BE USED A FEW MONTHS, BELIVE ME.
I knew very little about mp3 players when I bought this product but when I saw it at Target for $77, I decided to go for it. I have no complaints considering what I paid. The sound quality is good and even at its regular price, the player comes with speakers which you would have to pay extra for if you bought an Ipod or other player.The player does go thru batteries relatively quickly but no more so if you were using batteries for a Walkman. My solution to that was to purchase AAA rechargable batteries along with a recharger. The total investment for both batteries and the recharger is probably about $20. Considering how much one pays for a pack on non-rechargable batteries, it's a good deal.The player works also works well with my workouts. The main problem is approximately 60 songs on the player is not enough after awhile. It becomes tiresome switching changing the songs. I ended up buying a Creative Zen a few weeks ago which provides room for more songs. But if you have no experience with mp3 players, this may be a nice start for you.
I purchased this on sale in my local Target and it's the neatest thing since sliced bread.  The USB storage device is simple to use (you don't even have to install any software if you're running Windows 2000/ME or higher) and it stores enough for a good run (52 mp3s has been the max I've been able to put on it so far).  This thing eats batteries like candy, so I only give it a 4 star rating.  If you do buy this, use lithium AAA batteries, not alkaline- they're more expensive, but they'll last a lot longer.
I got this player on sale at Target for $77... a good deal for something like this.  It was easy to set up, doesn't really require any software, and you can even create lyric files that will scroll across the screen in sync to the song that's playing.  I am, however, having a problem with the sound quality.  Perhaps my player is defective, but when I have the sound volume down low all I can hear is an overpowering background noise (almost static-ish).  Has anyone else experienced this?  Overall, a great value for my money and a decent player for anyone looking for an easy-to-use starter.  Also, the speakers are awesome!
This mp3 player would be good for someone who doesn't have alot of songs in their playbook. The speakers are good if you have them just below full blast. I had a problem with the amplifer. It didn't work so i returned it. Make sure you know that this 256mb holds only 80 songs not 120. Most 256mb hold 120 songs. Overall this would be a great value for a person on a budget.
I like this radio a lot.  It fell out of my pocket, but did not hurt anything.  I like using it.
bought this for my brother-it is hard to find tape players anymore and he still has a bunch of his music on tape!  He realluy likes the radio frequencies available too!  Thanks to Amazon for keeping &#34;archaic&#34; devices for those of us who still have media in them!
I bought this sony walkman after having my last sony walkman for many years.  I tried buying a couple other brands, but very noisy & one didn't even have rewind.  I would give this one a 5 star, except, after only having it about a month, i dropped it and the battery door hinge broke- now the battery won't stay in without constant force on the door, so----you guessed it---it's next to useless to me now.  I've seen where others have complained about the same thing.  But on a good note- this is the quietest buttons i've ever used.  Can FF/RW,Play, etc... without hardly making a noise at all- which is important since the other ones woke my husband up.  I really don't listen to the radio much, so can't comment on that.  I'd buy again if i was sure the battery door wouldn't break again.
I picked this up because my stereo system does not accept cassettes. I am listening to a particular self-help program which is on cassette so the choice was obvious. I must admit, setting the preset buttons on the device can be tricky if you lose the booklet, but I can figure it out.
Quite happy with this purchase. I have many tapes (which seem to be outmoded in this day and age) and enjoy listening to them.  I have always had complete confidence in Sony products, and so when searching for an item such as this, I did not hesitate to buy this.  I really did not buy this for its radio reception, although it's quite good. I do like the idea of programing several radio stations, where you can instantly access the station by pressing on a number on the radio.  I would buy this radio again, if I needed.
Does what it says it should do.  Only complaint is that the belt holster could use a longer flange to keep it from falling off my belt.
I bought this portable player, although I knew of what is in my opinion its major deficiency: NO DC POWER INPUT. This is a problem when you want to use the player at home (or other "fixed" location), possibly as an auxiliary input to an amplifier or to external speakers. The lack of DC input is however partly compensated because the (battery operated) player seems to be quite energy-efficient. Also because of this, I expect the gadget to be used more as a radio than as a cassette player over its lifetime.The overall quality of the gadget is excellent and it includes useful features, most of them adjustable through the digital user menu.The digital radio controls are superior to those of most other portable players. As a result the user enjoys presise tuning of stations in either automatic or manual seek mode with ample memory locations.After several months of use, I have no complaints related to reliability. The carrying case that comes with the gadget provides additional protection against scratches etc. and can be kept on the player at all times without hindering its ease of handling.Although there are more inexpensive alternatives, I would consider the product as an excellent buy if it is meant for use on the road, outdoors or by frequent travellers.
I used this to transfer around 80 audio cassettes to my computer so I could get rid of the tapes and save space. Overall it worked well and did the job. No tapes were eaten in the process There are only two things that I wish were included in the product. One was some way to adjust bass & treble. Also, I wish there was an AC port so that it can be ran using an AC Adapter instead of running it off batteries. Other than that, it did the job. Now that I'm done transferring my tapes, I'll likely keep it around in case I need a weather or portable FM/AM radio.
I've bought it quite a long while ago and just had a chance to write the review on this.  I love this Joybee120, it's perfectly small for me to have it in the gym, the cover with belt clip is great.  The sound is great as well with several EQ to choose from.  The reason why I gave only 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the user-friendly buttons.  It's quite complicated for you just to turn on the volume, it's not just a click away, you've got to go thru menu.  But anyway, with other awesome features, this is one great MP3 player.
I just bought this Joybee 120 last week, and so far it's been great.  I find that iPod's are still just too expensive, nor do I feel the need to carry around 30+ Gigs of music with me all the time.  That's what my computer is for!!  I can fit about 80 songs onto this 256MB model (high-quality mp3's, I'm sure you could fit more at a lower quality or different format).  That is enough for me, it makes a nice big playlist of music that will last me at least a week before I get bored.For me, this player had all the features I wanted: reasonably large capacity, FM radio (with preset feature), rechargeable battery inside the unit (recharges via the USB port), equalizer settings, a good backlight, and a microphone. You can also record from the radio if you like.The interface is pretty easy to use once you get used to it... my only beef is that the Joybee turns itself off really quickly if you pause or stop play temporarily (in about 1 minute).  It can get a little annoying having to turn it back on, but it's probably just a battery save feature or something.  Also, the volume control is found within the menus, which is sort of annoying, but I just have the internal volume set to max all the time, and use a set of earphones that have a manual volume control on the wire - I recommend doing this, it's a lot easier and besides, the earbud phones that BenQ gives you are pretty uncomfortable anyway.As for transferring songs onto the player, I find it's very easy... I didn't bother installing the provided BenQ software, I just connected it via USB and it popped up on WinXP as a removable drive.  You can just drag and drop your songs into the MP3 folder that appears - it's really easy and fast.  No problems there so far; just make sure the battery has some juice left in it before transferring, otherwise I think it might not link up properly.Overall, it's a good product so far - plus it's REALLY small, I have it clipped onto my belt (it comes with a belt-clip carry case), and it looks like a tiny little pager.  It's really good value for your money, you get a lot of features.  The Lithium battery life seems pretty decent as well, and I like that you don't have to mess around with buying AAA's all the time.Not perfect, but highly recommended.
Was a great size for a micro jukebox. Everything was great except it looks weird with the headphone jack on the side.  Great over all player!
This is a pretty handy mp3 player .... it plays wav,mp3 formats I did  not test it with any other format.... it is pretty slick it can directly be plugged into a USB port my XP recognized it right away as a network drive and then all you have to do is  drag and drop mp3 files into it. The USB port is retractable very easily you can just slide it in. It has an option to charge itself when inserted into a USB port( in addition you also have a charger )...it doubles as a storage device as you can carry around non mp3 files in it. The Sound quality was great it has all the bass, treble etc options ...FM reception is good and you can record  your FM songs into the device as wav files ... The charger supports 110~220V and comes with American and European plug adapters... The reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the menus ... it is very cumbersome to navigate around ... you have to go through multiple steps to switch between diff modes ... If all you want is that this device play mp3 files (btw skipping to diff mp3 files is pretty easy) and act as a handy storage device this is for you ....In addition it has a voice recorder that I did not test as I would be rarely using  that feature... I  am planning on getting the Joybee 150 I may return this ..
The pad works as advertised and arrived in a timely manner.  Not much more to say - you will have to decide if a sticky pad is worth the price.  Make sure the size of the pad you choose is sufficient to your needs.
Good size, super sticky..holds my ipad mini in place on the dash while I'm driving. Just watch for the potholes!!
I ordered this pad to keep my laptop from sliding on my cooling system I place it on. It works incredibly well. Better than I would have expected. Although I am not using this product for the intended use, it keeps my laptop from sliding on my inclined cooler. If it can do that, it should hold your mobile device. You can tell just by feeling the product that it will hold your device.
This thing works great for placing cell phone on at a big angle. I like to use waze when driving and this is great
I like the size of this pad. I have it set up on my laptop that's in a docking station. It holds my cell phone and mp3 player just fine and gets stuff off my desk.  Thanks!
When I put it on a very hot dashboard it didn't initially stick, but when I came back to my car at the end of the day it stuck to it pretty well. The upper surface is not at all sticky, which is good because I used to get my fingers stuck to the old one I had all the time when picking up stuff off it. I do wish it was a tiny bit more sticky.
The pad does it's job pretty well. Items on it stay put even with aggressive driving. The only complaint I have is that the edges of the pad tend to curl  up. I've had the pad on my dash for about a month and it seems to be working fine so far. The curl is noticeable but doesn't appear to be affecting the function of the pad.
The rubber is very strong, so it is hard to drop off the items when my car is accelerated. No problem.
I placed my baby on it and went off roading and it never bounced or slid around only issue I had was I couldn't scoop with it. A+
i bought this thinking it was fly paper but boy was i wrong.  i havent caught a single dadgum fly yet.  on the up side it does keep my toll tag and phone from flying across my dash, which is nice.
Great product ... holds items (phone, ipad) on my dash and keeps them from sliding around.  Dash area is flat ... so, no experience how it would hold on a slanted surface.  Also, material is a bit thinner than expected.
I purchased this product for my car to hold my IPod touch and Iphone5 I does a great job providing a surface that will hold them in place. I have it mounted on a fairly level surface and it holds my iPhone , which has a case with a flat lacquer-like back, well. Once it is placed it does not move. I don't know that I would trust it to hold my iPod, which has a case with raised rubber ridges on the back of the case, if it were not on a level surface. If it were a bit tackier I would give it 5 stars. Also the back side could be a bit stickier too.
Holds everything on it really well, but you do have to keep it dusted off. My garage door opener and sunglasses sit on there and I can squeeze my iphone on at the same time.
I bought a compact car with little storage for my cell phone, sunglasses, and garage door opener. So for the first time I saw a need for a product like this, enabling me to use the dash for stowing things without having them slide away. I found it to work well, and it is reasonably priced. It can be easily trimmed with scissors to fit a storage compartment. It appears that one side is &#34;stickier&#34; than the other; thus some folks may have problems with it.(No mention of this in the directions)
This handstand super size was a perfect gift for my sister.  I had bought in the past from Amazon a smaller one and she had said she wished it was bigger so I got this one this year.  It's a gift for Xmas so don't know yet if it will fit the bill.Looks like it should, hopefully.  I purchased another one too this year but that one is too small and I was returning, but u told me to keep it, it was on the house. I'll use that one, don't need it bigger.  Thank you.
This mat works great in the car and at also home. I use it everyday in the car and it keeps my phone from sliding onto the floor.
I bought this MP3 for my best-friend for Chanukah and she loves it (so do I). The only thing is that annoyed the crap out of me is that the manual doesn't explain what all the buttons functions are. We had to sit there sat there for about an hour trying to figure out what was what. Besides that annoying factor, this MP3 it's small, light, great to take any where. Uploads are moron friendly. Thinking of getting one for myself.
I bought this for my boyfriend to use at the gym.  He was always bringing in his CD player and of course, that would skip constantly.  But with this MP3 player, he doesn't have to worry about any songs skipping and he doesn't have to change CD's all the time.  The only thing that bothered me was that when I was able to download the songs onto the MP3, I couldn't figure out how to place each song where I wanted them.  For instance, if I downloaded Gun's and Roses, the song would go straight into a folder and not under &quot;Artist.&quot;  Anywho, it's a great tool to have when you work out.  And the sound is great!
All of the features listed for this product are present and work properly except for the remote. Nothing I did would make the remote work. I've requested another remote be sent to me, but we'll see how that goes. Just a heads up about that.
Got it to play cd stories on, it works fine on some .but some of the books I have ordered on cd will not play on it for some reason, but will play fine on a different  player  this disappoints me as I should not need that
It hasn't broken yet, which is good. I bought it for my dad, who listens to CDs and cassettes (reaaaaly old ones). We haven't yet had any problems with skipping or anything like that. The audio quality is pretty good, it's decently compact, the radio is sufficient, and the controller is a nifty feature. All in all, not a bad buy.
The product was as described.  Works well, sounds great! A great value.
I purcahsed this radio for my office at work . The reception is excellent , the sound is great , and the remote control for the CD player is very convenient! Only down side of the remote control is  you cannot control the volume.
Good product, with nice sound for its size. Best feature is that it plays cassettes as well - usually not too many products continue to offer this functionality any more.I had a problem with the first unit - it would not play CDs. Called up customer service and they were more than helpful. On the first call itself, they resolved my issue and sent me a replacement unit. I did not pay any additional shipping fee. They sent me a pre-paid box to send the defective unit. All in all, pretty satisfied with the product and Amazon customer service.
Still learning about this product, but use each day and the sound is good and it's not hard to use.  A good product for the money.  These items are getting harder to find in stores.
The item wasn't what I expected. I wanted a portable CD Cassette Player/Recorder that I could tape meeting with in this price range. Otherwise it was a nice item.If you have one please let me know.
Everything is great except the remote is only good for the CD. Not really what I expected and I don't think this was specified.  Again, REMOTE ONLY GOOD FOR CD MODE--- NOTHING ELSE!
Plays Cds & cassettes fine. Radio reception week. 8 D batteries seems excessive. Real test will be how long it lasts.Better than previously owned Emerson
I was looking for a portable stereo with a cassette player. Its impossible to  find one at the department store. online was the only place and this is the cheapest, and surprisingly its a great product. well worth the money. actually I also bought another one for a friend,she loves it too!!
I was extremely happy with the two-day shipping that I received from Buy.com. I purchased this because my mom gave me some old cassettes (treasured memories). The only problem that I have is that you can't play "burned" CDs but since I brought this for the purpose of cassettes I'm happy.
For the price and the size, this is exactly what I was looking for.  The sound is good, not excellent, but that is to be expected for this price and the small, light size.  The CD player works fine, and the FM radio comes in well.  I have not tried the other features yet.  This product aims to be an inexpensive, small, portable sound system, and it achieves exactly that; nothing more, nothing less.  It earns four stars because it lived up to (but did not in any way exceed) my expectations.
Great value for a relatively inexpensive portable CD player. Has all the features we needed and the look is stylish.  Delivery was VERY prompt. Sound quality is amazing for a small unit.  We couldn't be more pleased.
Liked it as i expected. It is fairly easy to use.The body is plastic and looks a little flimsy but again it is worth the price paid..
It's actually a good product for the money.  Especially having the remote is handy.  (Just wish it had volume control on the remote.)If you are looking for an affordable very basic CD player with radio, this would work well for you.  (I personally don't use it for the cassette player and haven't tried that part yet.)The sound is pretty good at low volumes and very good at higher.
This Coby boom box is a great item. It is well made with really good sound quality and meets all expectations. It allows us to use our CD's and cassettes while having a radio available in one small piece of portable equipment.
This was a very good price and I think it is good for what you pay for.  It is not perfet for an adult who likes to really rock out, but was purchased with a 15 year old in mind and it is just right for them!
I got this for personal use.The sound is really  great and the remote is very helpful to stop while i get a phone call.
I bought this for a gift for my children's school library teacher. They needed a CD/Cassesset Player which are very difficult to find! She loved it!
I like this boombox now that it's finally here and it would get a five star rating if it only had the remote control it's supposed to have. I like the way it looks and the sound is better than the higher priced boombox I'd ordered when it looked this this one might not make it. Apparently the first shipment fell off the truck & was damaged. I'm glad the seller didn't ship me that one and I appreciate the generous replacement offer but better communication would have been nice. As it was, I had to wait until after the promised delivery date to check with Amazon & only then did the seller contact me.  Initially, I needed the boombox for an event last week but fortunately that event was postponed or I would be really upset.
I found this on Amazon for a really good price with OK reviews. I ordered it and actually got it free with my Amazon credit card points and it also came with free shipping. Who can pass up a deal like that? Sure, it's not the high quality of some but it works well and was just what I was looking for at the right price. I would have given it a 5 star rating except that the remote didn't work, but that didn't matter much to me. If I'm too lazy to walk to the radio, then I don't need to listen to it. I'm very happy with this.
This is perfect for my sister who has a physical disability and spends time in bed. The remote control allows her to operate it from the comfort of her bed. It is small enough to sit on the small table in her room. She can operate it with one hand.
I had a difficult time locating this type of portable unit. I looked everywhere and had to turn to the internet.  I specifically wanted a tape deck that I could start and stop in order to transpose notes and it held up through several tapes.  The CD player still works after several years now and the unit seems pretty durable.  It's basic, inexpensive and reliable.
I could not for the love of my life find a tape player anywhere. Amazon was the place to get it. I use it quite often and the quality of the sound that comes from the player is ver good. Definitely recommend it for anyone who is looking for a tape player.
I love this for the cassette deck. I checked out a few  cassette/radio/stereo players, but this cannot be beaten for the price especially with a cd player and remote. The sound is great. I would recommend this product.http://www.amazon.com/Coby-Portable-Cassette-Recorder-Control/dp/B000246TBS/ref=cm_rdp_product
Best player for the price available.  Has the clearest sound of all tested. I have heard lyrics I didn't know existed. Wow! Some of the words !!
I needed a cassette player to transfer my tapes to cd's, and it works perfectly.
While one of the two Boom Boxes I order had a slight problem, it was replaced quickly and based on what I paid, they are a great value and are holding up well.
Coby Portable CD/Radio/Stereo Cassette Player/Recorder with Remote Control CXCD250, SilverThis product seems to work just fine. The sound quality and separation are very good.  It is very easy to operate.  It also has the ability to play cassettes, which is a much needed feature.  All in all, this is a very simple system to operate with good quality results.
The boombox is functional. If you are looking for a superior sound, this is not for you. My main need was to get a CD/Cassette boombox and this fit the bill...  Would have given it 5 stars if it had an AUX input for IPODs or MP3 players.
I am very happy with my new radio, I put it in my 1 year olds room so she can listen to her CD's.Thanks
My wife likes to listen to soft music while trying to relax or go to sleep.  We had a CD cassette player but it stopped working after ten years of use.  We bought this CD cassette as a replacement.The "Colby Portable CD Cassette Recorder with AM/FM radio" works well for our needs.  The CD player functions very well and provides us with good quality sound.  I like the top loading feature for the CD.The radio is easy to tune and gets excellent reception.  We receive all the stations we want without connecting to an antenna.  I like the LED display.We have not tried the cassette, as most of our music is now on CDs.  I will update this review after using the cassette.I recommend this product for anyone who wants a simple CD with radio.
We got this for our son to have some music, listen to CD's, tapes, and be able to carry it around. Its been great for that. The remote was a bonus. Haven't used with batteries, so can't comment on that. Music quality isn't like a premium sound system, but for the price it's actually very good. We've just had it for a couple of weeks, so we can't comment on long term reliability - that is our one concern with this. I'll add to post with any concerns/problems. Otherwise, it's a great CD radio for an even better price.
I purchsed 2 Coby CX-CD250 for our weekend school teachers. The product plays CD and cassette, it is a Convenient tool for our teachers with affordable price. We are happy with this product, thanks.Showin
I'm a little confused by other reviews.  I purchased this today at Target, so I haven't had much play time however in the time I used it, it was pretty great.  Put it in my Bose factory stereo and the sound pounded out of all my speakers nicely.  I couldn't turn the volume all the way up because it was too loud - no volume issues there.  Trust me - I like loud music.The only reason it lost one star was because if the music is not playing you can hear the wheels of the cassette turning at a decent volume.  (That's easily fixed by popping the tape out when not in use).  However, if you like really soft music this would probably not suit you because the sound would annoy you.Otherwise, I would call it close to CD quality sound with no buzzing or humming thru the speakers of any kind.  This tops an FM transmitter HANDS DOWN.Maybe it's because I have a Bose stereo, but maybe you should get better than a $15 stereo to have quality sound...hmmm
I use mine in the car with a 6gb hard disc player and it has survived very well. Can't say I've ever noticed any mechanism noise, or for that matter any distortion.At the price I reckon its good value and I'd happily buy another one if and when it stops working.The main thing is that it enables me to have a 1000 tracks in the car, and not 100 cassettes.
Griffin's iTrip fills the technological void of .mp3 playability on existing audio systems through FM transmission, a Mr. Microphone for the 21st century.  Whether you want to play music on your car stereo, or on the FM tuner of your home stereo, the ease of playing your iTunes could not be more effortless.  A quick software load from cd-rom onto a personal computer updates iTunes with a special playlist that allows the user to select almost any frequency in the FM spectrum which iTrip is to broadcast on.  Once the iPod is synched and updated with iTunes on your personal computer, the user can reselect at any time a preferred FM frequency directly from the iPod interface.The range of the iTrip FM transmission is viable, as I could transmit at almost 20 feet with no distortion or loss of signal to my home stereo.  30 feet is its stated maximum range, yet in urban environments, half that range may be all one can coax from iTrip in a burdened FM spectrum.Car travel with the iTrip can be hampered by power lines and other transmission sources which flood the signal with interference.  The iTrip requires 50% volume output at a minimum from the iPod for an effective signal, and suggests no more than 70% output.  At a higher output, I found the iTrip can deplete a new iPod battery within 3.5 hours.  The iTrip requires no external power source other than directly siphoning iPod power using the headphone/audio output jacks.  iTrip's size is that of a roll of coins, yet weighs as light as feather perched atop the iPod.The largest drawbacks of Griffin's iTrip: external interference from power lines while driving, and battery drain.  Yet with careful power monitoring and recharging, and keeping your iTrip/iPod in close proximity to your car stereo, a very satisfying experience can be achieved with the iTrip at a nominal price.
I bought this and I have to admit is was a little weary.  There were alot of different reviews out there.  I finally decided to buy one and its great.  It was very easy to use and find a radio station to use.  It works great in the car with very good quality.  There is only a faint hissing sometimes as songs change.  I find also that in order to use it on a home radio the ipod has to be very close to the radio.  Those are my only complaints, but it is still a great product.
So you want an iTrip?It's lightweight, portable, drains minimal to standard power from your iPod works well with any free signal.  I use it all the time at work and it transmits great no static, I can listen to my iPod for hours at a time no switching CD's.On the road, I get interference heading into K.C. and other cities, Dead Zones, Cell Towers all cause interference.  This is a minor inconvenience as it works hella good in my town.Minor point, the stronger your reciever is in your car stereo the more static you'll get and the harder it will be to use the iTrip.  This happens mostly with higher end stereos as I found out on a road trip in my friend's truck.  My stereo a Kenwood CD/stereo works like a dream with the iTrip.  Best money I could've spent...besides my beloved, snuggly-wuggly iPod.  Yes, I endorse the iTrip.
I was so sick of the CD clutter in my car and making mixed CDs that I decided to give the iTrip a try. I have used it in the car and on my home stereo and have had good results with both.One complaint is that if you stray too far from the radio/antennae you will experience static. But in the car this is not a problem. I traveled 300 miles in my car and only had to switch a station once to rid the unit of interference.I think the iTrip is an essential iPod accessory. If you have an iPod, you enjoy the convenience of portable music. The iTrip take this enjoyment to the next level.
This item is recommended for the price it sounds very good.  So far I hadn't have it for too long so as far as lasting value I'm no help there.  It's a fun item and the colors makes them easy to know which one is your boom box.  The price is right.
Fits on my ears OK.  Can wear it for a few hours without discomfort.  They are nice and loud.  Not good for noisy areas because they do not block out outside sound.  Easy for others to hear your music.  Durable. I keep it in my backpack and use for laptop so it gets squished a lot.  Wanted something similar to ear bud durability but louder and cheap.  This was great.
Basic InformationThe iAudio M3 I tested has 40GB storage space. There are 3 models, called M3 and M3L. There are two M3 player, one holding 40GB and the other 20GB. The M3L has 20GB of space and has an estimate battery time of 35 hours while the M3s' estimate is 14 hours.The player supports the formats; OGG, WMA, WAV, and MP3. The player also has a FM tuner. The M3 can record; voice, and  anything played on the radio. There are also  Line-Out/In output/input if you would need those functions.The player is a bare bone player, to connect it to a power source or to the PC you have to use the small adapter that plugs in at the bottom. This goes also if you want to use the Line In / Line out functions. However the microphone is built in the player. For basic things such as playing files you will not need the add on.The LCD holds 6 lines with a blue back light. There are several nice functions such as adjustable 5 bands EQ, BBE, Mach3Bass, 3D surround. It can work as a transportable HDD. Win XP will detect is an extra HDD with no additional software needed. The player out of the box supports Korean, Chinese Japanese and English characters. You are also able to change the start up screen with different ones from JetAudio.CradleThe cradle is very stylish and the player just fits in. This ensures that there is no risk of the player moving. The design of the cradle fits perfectly with iAudio M3 in regard of the design. The 20GB M3 is smaller and I am not sure how stable it is with the cradle. However, reading from the thetechlounge.com  it states that it wiggles around and might bother some users. But do not see that as discouragement to get the 20 GB one as you can use the small black add on which will not cause any problems at all.Carrying caseThe carrying case fits snugly around the M3 player. The inside of it is soft and ensures there are no scratches to your player. It also has on the back a loop so you can put the case on your belt.The LooksThere are 3 LEDs on top of the player covered with a plastic transparent window. These LEDs indicate different functions being carried out (Charging, Playback, ect). The port for the add-on/cradle sits on the bottom covered with a small plastic plop to protect the port when not in use.The M3 is in metallic brown with a black stripe running around the side of the player and with black surround the buttons. There are also metallic silver players. The are three buttons at the front; Play/Pause, Fast Forward/Next and Reverse/Previous. On the right side there is one button, a switch and a Jog Dial. The Jog Dial is used for navigational purposes and for volume control. The button is for recording and the switch is to put the player in hold mode. On the left you will find the remote/headphone jack. You can plug in straight the headphones into it but then you will not be able to plug in the remote.The Player in ActionThe player plays very well the files and has great Line Out quality. However, if you skip a couple of songs or you decide play a song from another album which is not in your play-list, you will have to wait couple of seconds before the file is played (2-4 seconds). The HDD makes a bit of noise when it loads the files into its buffer. However it is not loud enough to hear if you are playing some music. You can hear it a bit if you there is absolute silence and the player is around 30 centimeters from you.There are several nice settings you can choose for you playback in the "Jet Effect" area. These are; 5 band EQ, 3D surround, Pan Effect, MP Enhance, BBE, and Mach3Bass. The earplugs given with the player will not show the players best sides.The RemoteThe remote has only 6 lines and is rather small. Meaning you have to know fairly well what files you have in your play list or in your folder to be able to find it fairly quickly. Some users might feel claustrophobic with the size; however I found it to be to on the minimum adequate. You can set the horizontal scroll to a faster speed so you can quicker read the full name of your file. You can also set to see the ID3 tags which makes it a lot easier for those with long file names but with short ID3 tags. You can hold the move button to move quicker through folders. I have many albums with the similar name with the difference being just at the end (EG,Alternative Times Vol 45,Alternative Times Vol 56) so I have to stop at the different folder names to see which album I am at. (Have to wait out the scroll to read the whole folder name). The remote has one alligator clips that holds well enough.Line in and the line out is out of great quality and the mic is "ok", you have to be fairly close to get good quality recording.InterfaceTakes maybe 10 minutes to learn by the one who is not used to it. The interface is very easy to use.SoftwareThe software is very basic and I prefer to use WinAmp for my pc and I dont use the JetShell as you can transfer music to the player with out.FM ModeYou can have 24 pre sets, the navigation with the remote is very easy as there are not too many functions you can do. I found that it needs strong coverage to have good playback. Most stations however had a sufficient good quality to be enjoyable.Battery LifeI get around 8-11 hours of playback time. I have my backlight set to 8 seconds and I have mostly mp3 files set at 192 KBPS.ConclusionThe GoodThe iAudio M3 is an excellent player, it is small, low weight, supports several format, has a  good build quality with good features. You also get decent ear buds with the player, normally companies include low quality earphones. However, I did not use them as I have better earphones. JetAudio is supporting the player well via updating the Firmware giving new features and improving old ones. You get a remote, which makes your player more mobile then those with out one as it allows you easily and quickly change any setting you want with out having to take out the whole player out.The BadIt lacks however support for DRM files, and you are toast if you loose or break the remote. It does not have an ID3 database as the Karma does which makes going through your songs a lot easier. The remote lacks a scroll wheel making navigation from one album to another one to take up some time. And if you skip a couple of songs or play a song from another album which is not in your play-list, you will have to wait couple of seconds before the file is played (2-4 seconds)
I am a Windows user and the iPod was driving me nuts. What I wanted was an audio player that would act like a regular hard drive when connected to my computer. That's what I love about the iAudio. I connect it to my computer via USB, and drag and drop files into it. Nothing could be more simple. No jukeboxing (Music Match and iTunes), no need to tag my files.This player does work with tags, you can switch from regular file names to tags at will. The remote has a bigger and in my opinion better display than the iPod. Updating the firmware is simple. The player supports many more file types than the iPod. It's smaller and lighter than the iPod and has more storage.The bad? Well, I don't really care for having an in-line remote, so there is a lot of cable running around once you add in the headphone cord. The interface is no where near as good as the iPod, but I use playlists, so I don't really care about the interface as much as a person selecting songs as they go along.
Wonderful instructions - Reminds me of the old Heathkits. Worked as expected. Drifts a bit, but not bad. Bass response could be a bit better. Otherwise it does exactly what I expected it to do, now I can listen to music anywhere in my house.
It seems to be getting harder and harder to find a product that lives up to its advertising promises.  It's even more upsetting that we, as American shoppers, seem to accept these short-comings and just live with it.  Everywhere I go, I see something that didn't perform as the buyer had expected.  It sits around gathering dust, until it finally finds its way into the garbage.  This item does NOT fall into that category.  In fact, it happens to be one of a few products that I purchased this past year, which actually delivers as advertised.  It requires some electronics experience, and a frequency counter really helps, so be prepared.  Bravo Ramsey.
After changing some parts it works like I needed for my system.I would recommand for anyone easy to put togather.
This is a nice basic little AM transmitter. I found that a scope is handy in making the final adjustments to it since the settings they suggest leave the audio a bit distorted.  I was also getting 60 cycle hum in the transmitted audio from the provided, poorly filtered power supply(a standard plug-in supply like you'd get with most electronic devices).
I had been wanting to build one of these for a while to broadcast Old Time Radio shows on my vintage AM radio collection.ARRIVAL:Kit was shipped from manufacturer and arrived within specified dates. Packing was good and there was no damage.Upon inspection, I was surprised to find not only missing instructions, there was no CD with instructions, nor any directions of where to find the instructions. Thankfully they have them posted on their website and I printed them from there.  It might be a good idea to tell a customer that you have instructions available online and provide the URL of where they are at.&#8220;Learn as you build&#8221; is a nice policy worked into the step-by-step instructions to explain the theory and sections of the transmitter as you are building it. The instructions contained fairly clear steps, but for the beginning builder I think it would have been nice to see photos next to the step-by-step instructions, especially for the electrolytic caps, transistors and diodes. Other kits I have built HAVE had these included and it gives some piece of mind while assembling. The theory for the transmitter and Amplitude Modulation is also covered.Also, would it be too much trouble for Ramsey to post a good hi-res photo of the PC board when finished? If nothing else something to compare your completed board to one already assembled to double check for accuracy. It might sound nit-picky but in the age of digital photography it&#8217;s too easy to make it happen. These instructions reminded me of the old-school Dynaco ones from the 1960s. I also think there should be a section in the instructions showing how to correctly dress component leads, especially for the transistors.THE BUILD:I was pleasantly surprised that the PC board was of decent manufacture. I was able to desolder a couple of times using lightweight braid and the traces did not act like they would easily lift with the heat.I was able to complete the kit in a couple of days. Probably 6-8 hours total including testing and calibrating time. I took my time and made sure it was right. They think an &#8220;Expert&#8221; can build this kit in 1.5 hours. I think that is stretching it a bit, as even ripping through the board once you memorize the parts locations would probably take that long. I have been repairing electronics since the 1980s and have run a repair shop for more than eight-years. I&#8217;m good at what I do but no-way could I build it that fast.Part of the reason it took me longer is that the kit was MISSING or had incorrect value parts and I had to hunt some down. Missing resistors were R33, 34 (10-ohm -watt) and incorrect capacitor value C18 (.047 instead of .47). Frustrating to say the least, but since I own a guitar amp shop, I did have the parts available (although I did have to &#8220;make&#8221; the .47 value cap by combining two .22s). BEWARE AND TEST ALL OF YOUR PARTS. I usually do as matter of course with a Fluke 179 DMM. I checked the caps as well just in case one was faulty. (A multimeter is absolutely essential when building something like this. Cheap ones can be had for $20-$30.) All other parts were fine with no issues. I think the Ramsey Quality Control needs some looking after. I would feel sorry for the beginner trying his or her hand at it and unknowingly installing the wrong parts then have the unit not work correctly, or at all. Otherwise, the build went off without any issues. I made sure to orient my dipswitch with the switches facing outwards along the board edge making it easier to read when calibrating. I also tightened down the Q9 and Q3 transistors BEFORE soldering to prevent damage.I highly recommend desoldering braid and a magnifying glass. I used both while building this kit and it made the job a lot easier.Instructions were good for the setup and calibration. I selected a higher band to broadcast on due to the availability of free space.  I was able to dial in the frequency and immediately get playback through my radio using the small &#8220;wire&#8221; antenna I made for the unit. I soon realized that there was hum introduced into the signal, and that the signal was not all that strong, even for in-house broadcasting.FURTHER TWEAKING:I first went to address the antenna. The AM-25 instructions included information on how to construct a &#8220;loaded&#8221; coil antenna. I went ahead, bought the parts and followed the instructions to the letter. The result was perfect. The signal strength improved ten-fold and even radiated a bit outside the house. I highly recommend this, although the parts cost was about $10 (wire, PVC pipe). The performance of the unit without the loaded antenna was quite dismal actually.Addressing the second problem, the &#8220;hum&#8221; issue. This resulted mainly from a poorly filtered power supply. I purchased a Tripplite PR-10 regulated DC power supply from Amazon and this reduced the hum to a very manageable level. It also reduced the voltage to the unit from 15.2 to about 13.5.  I had to recalibrate the test points inside the unit to compensate for the voltage drop. Don&#8217;t forget this step if you switch power supplies. I do have to say this, I did not ground the unit to a cold water pipe or to a grounding rod outside the house. It is not practical where I want the transmitter located. I did experiment with grounding to try and eliminate all of the hum, but it produced less than satisfactory results. I may try experimenting with grounding again in the future, but honestly the hum is minimal now.With those two updates, the unit is running stable and quiet with decent output power to use inside the house. Those two updates cost me an additional $100. Unfortunately I feel it was necessary to get the unit to operate correctly. I could have lived without the power supply, but not the antenna.OPERATION:I hooked the AM-25 to my laptop computer for the low-level line output. I have left the Ramsey unit on for hours and noticed no signal drift. The unit does get a bit warm (extra heatsinking would surely help) but not dangerously hot. I might play with this a bit to pad the signal or add better heatsinks for heat reduction. Unit has worked great for days on end and has had no issues. I have run it up to nine-hours at a stretch with no problems.I like this kit a lot and it does exactly what I bought it for, transmitting OTR shows inside the house.  It was fun to build and once I built the loading coil antenna, the output is more than adequate for my needs. I am giving it less than five-stars for the missing/incorrect parts and lack of instructions (or DIRECTIONS ON WHERE TO FIND THEM). I also think the instructions could be improved a lot with the suggestions mentioned above.
I built the kit and it worked fine , but being a HAM , I could not leave well enough alone and added a fan and BNC connectors. The kit is great for voice and CW , but I felt needed a better cooling capability for PSK and other digital modes. I plan to get other kits in this line to get a bit of extra punch to my FT817 radio.
It did its job, eventually. I got it to be a 1 kHz tone detector to trigger radio PTT using my computer's right channel audio from the program 'FLDigi'.There was no theory of operation or voltage check procedure or any of what I expect to be good project practices that I've learned from better documented kits. Tell the novice (or seasoned) builder why & what each component is there for & what effect changing its value has on the circuit. Then a cheap kit becomes valuable, by adding a few cents of just paper & ink, that's all I'm suggesting. Oh, and get rid of the zener and power it with 5v or put in a 7805! Also the i.c. can be a NTE832 instead of the LM567 (in case your zener lets 12v fry the i.c. as it did mine).
I didn't know anything about iClick before I bought this MP3.  The price seemed right, so I got it and to my delight I couldn't be happier with the product.  I needed an MP3 to work out with and didn't want to spend too much money, so I found this great MP3 on Amazon.  The sound is great and it's so small that it is really great to work out with.  I totally recommend this product and am glad I bought it.
The Iclick 256MB is a good mp3 player for the price it is sold at. Features wise, it has a lcd screen, which tells you whether your in mp3 or wma mode [pretty useless but oh well], the artist and the name of the song(which scroll while ur listening to the song), and of course the time and battery life. It also records voice which is a nice feature for a player in this price range. The included headphones are pretty good in terms of sound quality, but they are designed weird, and you have to put a loop over you neck in order to use them. Overall a very good player.
I got these a while back when I was looking to get an MP3 player for my girlfriend.  I got the black 256mb model but ended up using it instead.  I just got the white one and she's very happy with it.  Same rubber feel as the black one, but with a chrome top, which is way cool.  Very slick, but very cute at the same time, with the white earphones to match.  The sound is good, similar to my friend's iPod earphone.  The controls can be a bit awkward to use but it's very easy to get adjusted to it.  Just spend a few minutes to read the manual and quickstart guide and it was easy as pie.
Excellent Item.  I use mine while working out and walking to my classes.  It is absolutely ideal.  It was very easy to add and delete files.  The only downfall of the 256mb iTouch is the headphones.  I HIGHLY recommend buying a seperate pair because the factory ones will make your music sound terrible!  The player itself rates right up there with my IPOD.
This is a great mp3 player.  The sound quality is really good and the size is perfect.  I really feel like the quality is solid and the little carrying bags for the cables and headphones are sweet.  The only thing I wish iClick would have done was make some sort of cable management system for the headphones.  I'm always untangling the headphones from the lanyard.  It would have been cool to have a way of winding them up.  Otherwise it's wonderful...I'm a satisfied customer.
I've had the iClick 9.2 for about 1 week now and I really like it.  I especially like it because it works with my Mac on OS.X.  The sound quality is remarkably good, too.  Only one downside...headphones should be a little longer. 1 star docked for that.
I received this as a gift for Christmas and so far, so good!  The sound quality is excellent, the controls are easy to learn and easy to use.  I didn't even use the manual to try figure out how to use it.  It's very stylish and I like that you can charge it via USB (with a cable or USB connector provided) or the AC adapter that also came with it.  The LCD screen was also easy to read and transferring songs was simple - just plug it to the pc, select the songs you want, and copy it right over to the mp3 drive.  The only negative thing I'd say, which is probably true for many portable audio is, the included ear phones were ok.  They also didn't fit in my ear well but maybe b/c my ear canal is small.  Also, the necklace that it came with can get easily tangled, so a clip would have been nice!!!
This little unit does it all.Plays all types of music files without a hitch.Downloading is a breeze and recharging from the usb port i find is great.Ear buds did not fit my ears and customer support is a joke.Other than that i would highly recommend this unit. If you have the extra cash i would recommend getting the 1 gig unit.
I really how compact it is and the set on the display is easy to use.  The only thing I would change would be to give it up gradeable capabilities for more music.
I'm very happy with my LDP-600 and I haven't encountered the problems that the other reviewers relate.  My player has yet to crash and the battery life is exceptionally long.  I will agree, however, that the documentation is very poor.  Many, if not most, of the features are not throughly explained and some are not even mentioned.  The Lexar web site was of no help, either.  That's the only failing I can find.  I use my player quite a bit, indoors and out.  Most of the time I use a Bose ANR headset, rather than cheap earbuds, and I find the dynamic range of the player to be excellent.  I have no issues with the music quality.  It's robust, has a case made of a rubberized plastic that makes it resilent and also pleasing to the touch.  Very pleased.
This is the package that should come with the iRiver 7xx players. The MP3 holder is a thick molded plastic with a handy belt clip (not a loop). Unlike the holder that came with the iRiver, this holder leaves the buttons completely exposed for use. Much more convenient. The armband fastens with velcro which works much better than the original armband with the hook fastener.I haven't had it long enough yet to determine its durability, but it seems much better made than the original equipment.
great mp3 player. holds a sufficient amount of music. comes with a sport case with belt for around the arm. Also comes with a protective case for the mp3 player itself.
I bought an iAudio U2, and Amazon recommended this as an accessory.  Although I saw it was for a different model, I thought it must be the same case.  Well... it's not.  This is model specific, so don't buy this unless it's specifically for the 700.Having said that, I liked the design of the case - easy access to the controls and the elastic armband looked great.  Now to find one for the U2.
I've had it for several months now. No problems.I use it with Sony Dynamic Stereo Headphones MDR-7506.It plugs into every computer I've ever tried without fail ( XP/2000).I always use the "It's now safe to remove your device" option before removing it.It's never crashed.I've updated the firmware twice from the MPIO website.I listen to 192KBPS MP3.I have it about 512MB with songs, and 512MB for transfering files back and forth between home and work.I use rechargable AAA batteries. It uses the batteries to drive the menu and headphones, but not for USB file transfer, so it's great for work even when the battery is dead. That combined with large enough storage without a 'disk drive' was why I bought it.I don't use the protective cover. I do use the HOLD button when traveling in my shirt pocket.It's probably in the manual, but to change the equalizer settings what you do is play a song, and while it's playing press the FUNC button to flip between the {J,C,V,U,N,P,R}. I think I like P. I upgraded the firmware and for a month the sound was thin, probably because the firmware load set the equalizer to something thin. Much better now.The USB door sticks open occasionally, but I just gently push it back down.
I L-O-V-E this player. I must say it has taken me a while to feel this way, but my perseverance paid off. The instructions are lacking in every way and the software needs upgrading immediately. BUT take time to get to know the player, and you too will love it. It supports wma files unlike the ipod and for windows users it is easy to rip your music onto windows media player and then drag you files from C drive into the HD300. Listen to them in the MUSIC file and they are perfectly catalogued for your listening pleasure. No need to even install mpio utility. In fact no need to install any of the discs provided. Just upgrade the firmware which can be downloaded from the Mpio website. Besides being a great player the HD300 comes with an excellent FM Tuner built in, as well as an FM recording feature, a voice recorder, alarm and sleep features.You can also record directly into the HD300 from other sources such as vinyl and tape using the direct encoding. I play mine through my stereo set as well as a smaller set of powered speakers (JBL Creatures) and the sound quality is AWESOME! If you are in the market for an MP3 player look no further. This one wins hand down.
The HD300 sounds as good as it looks but it's a bit of a bumpy road to get there.  I just got one for Christmas and it took me nearly an hour to figure it out, but now that I have - I simply can't leave home without it.  The design is simple and sleek, not too big and not too small and it's very attractive. The sound is rich and vibrant with good highs and lows. The FM tuner picks up stations better than my car radio and the voice recorder is definitely a plus.  You can also patch it to a cd player or radio and it automatically encodes the files to mp3 format.  It also plays all the music formats I have.But as much as I love this MP3 player, I do have several complaints:  The first is documentation - It's poorly written and lacks detail.  Second it ships with an installation CD that does not even include the right software or utilities.  the original firmware is buggy so if you buy the HD300 - make sure you download and install the latest firmware (1.20.03 fm/on) before you start building your music library. It's available at [...]  It's not explained very well but to upgrade the firmware you simply add 4 files to the system folder and restart the player. If it doesn't take, use a paper clip to reset the player and start again.  I had to make several attempts to install the new firmware but once it was done, it's been virtually problem free.  You simply drag and drop music files into the music folder, then use the MPIO utility to scan the files so it can create artist and album lists.  The touch scroll is intuitive but also very sensitive. You'll need to practice a light tapping motion to navigate between music files and longer ones to access other functions.  The player basically functions as a removable USB hard drive so you can use it to transport any kind of file. Another minor complaint is that even though the brushed aluminum casing feels sturdy the mirror finish on the frontface does pick up a lot of fingerprints, otherwise it does everything you would want an mp3 player to do.  I give the HD300 an 8 out of 10.  It would have been higher if Digitalway had a more user friendly website, better firmware documentation and a better written user manual.  If you don't have qualms about initial setups and are willing to enter a learning curve, it's a great sounding, great looking piece of technology.  I used to adore my friend's 20 gig IPOD but after listening to mine, I definitely wouldn't trade.
If you want small and extremely portable,this is the best! I've had mine for over6 months, no problems. I've used it mostlyfor downloaded and self-recorded mp3 listening,but I've also transferred large files withit. The only drawback is the learning curveto use the buttons correctly!
I bought this player mainly because of it's small size and attractive styling, but I was suprised at how great it sounds! For a budget mp3 player, it sounds amazing and delivers crisp highs and clear lows. The built-in voice recorder function is also a very good feature. The quality of the unit could be a little better. The buttons feel kind of cheap, but the strong metal case makes up for it.
More details...This 5GB MP3 player is MP3, WMA, and OGG compatible; it supports 40 languages and includes a rechargeable battery that lasts a whopping 18 hours on one charge. Features voice recording, ID3 tag, direct encoding and 5 band equalizer. Imported.Another short description reads...Enjoy MP3/WMA music and FM radio anywhere with this VHD-5000 Digital Jukebox! It also features a 5 GB hard drive and voice recording capacity. It features a large 8 line graphics LCD display, supports four equalizer Modes, and has up to 18 hours battery life! With its compact design and easy-to-use interface, this VHD-5000 Hard Drive Digital Jukebox makes it easy to carry your music and data anywhere!Features/Specifications* 5 GB Hard Drive Digital Jukebox* General Features:* Black case* 5 GB hard drive* MP3/WMA file playback* Large 8 line graphics LCD w/128 x 128 dots with bluebacklight* MP3 encoding* FM tuner* Voice recorder* USB 2.0 interface (backwards compatible with USB 1.1)* 3.8v Lithium-polymer rechargeable battery* Up to 18 hours battery life* Specifications:* 85db with20KHz LPF noise ration* 20Hz - 2KHz output frequency range* 8.75MHz - 108.00MHz FM frequency* 45dB FM signal to noise ration* 1%/10dB FM distortion/FM utility sensitivity* Available recording bitrates: 64 Kbps, 128 Kbps, 192Kbps* Equalizer Modes:* Normal* Rock* Jazz* Classical* Unit Dimensions:* 3.5 x 2 x 0.5-inches (H x W x D)* Weight: 82g (0.18 lbs)* Regulatory Approvals:* FCC* CE* Retail Package Includes:* 5 GB Hard Drive Digital JukeBox* Driver CD* Manual* Earphones* Audio cable* USB cable* Carrying pouch* AC adapter (100-240V, 50/60Hz, 0.15A)* Notes:* Model: VHD-5000Product Requirements* Pentium 133 MHz processor or higher* Windows 98SE/ME/2000/XP* 64 MB RAM* 20 MB free hard disk space* Available USB port* Available power outletI think it looks bad in black (it loses a star for color) but if you can grab it cheap enough there is nothing to stop you from modifying the outside with some model paint or vinyl decals, use your imagination! A very important feature is that this is a USB 2.0 UMS device and can be loaded via drag and drop without all the DRM restrictions that many current players present. The downside for a few people is that you can not go to DRM sites like Napstor to Go and buy their music for this player.But for a really ambitious person it would be possible to rip your own tunes and put them on this player. I know some people who even borrow CDs from the library or their friends and rip them to MP3, OGG, or WMA without spending a dime. Since this player has a radio it would even be possible to rip tunes directly from the FM broadcast band using this type of player/recorder.I used player/recorders like this to take notes in auditoriums where they broadcast the PA system down on a channel in the FM broadcast band using a low power wireless transmitter. The quality of the recording is so good it sounds like I had hooked the recorder directly into the PA system, which in a sense I did. These low power broadcasts are meant for the hearing impaired but they are perfect for taking high quality notes without all the normal audience background noise.This player looks like it would be a good deal for audiobooks that have been ripped from tape or CD. It is not compatible with Audible.com audiobooks because of audible's DRM. You will have to roll your own audiobook MP3's with this player.Another tip is to download internet Podcasts meant for the Ipod, these will play perfectly on this unit.There are a ton of free old time radio shows on the internet that you can download and hear on this player. Each one of these is about 20 to 30 minutes in length. They are fun to listen to while traveling when you tire of constant music.IMHO when this player is on sale below the price of similar player/recorders from Creative, Samsung, Sony and iRiver it provides a big bang for your buck.If you appreciate this additional information either email me a buck or else let Amazon.com know via feedback you appreciated this post.Vic
I read about this product on an RC news group. I cut off the ear buds and moved the DVD player to my gym. After adding a 600 watt Fatshark reciever to the awesome bag they give you  I am left with with a pretty stylish pair of FPV goggles that let me see where I am landing.
I love the voice activation feature of this recorder- it works like a charm.  There is rather high background hum- I haven't tried playing back with noise reduction but that might do the trick.  I could only get it to work on 1.5V batteries and not my 1.2V NiMH rechargeables, even though fully charged- a disadvantage though 1.5V rechargeable alkaline batteries are apparently available.  This little recorder otherwise filled the bill very nicely.
This didn't work for me when I first hooked it up.  After unplugging it a few times and jiggling it around it started working.  I've contacted the seller to see if this is typical.  I worry the device may not be very well made, although when it works it is the best thing I have ever found for waking me in the morning. I might try a different brand if I ever bought something like this again just to see if the quality was better.
Not only an MP3 player but also a voice recorder and general purpose thumbdrive (USB 1.0).Lacking an intuitive user interface, I had to read the user manual on the included miniCD to learn how to use most of the features.  The unit's few controls are used for many functions.  The mode control slides left right and downward like clicking a mouse.Slower 1.0 USB speed takes a bit longer to load songs but is still reasonable.  The speed is OK as a thumbdrive for transferring a few MB of files.  Mostly its intended for files that stay put.  But it's convenient to use the same device for music and file transfer.The flat file system seems inconvenient to search for songs but if you just want to play music, the various random play modes are fine for providing a selection of tunes.The sound quality is excellent using the included earphones.So much easier than using my PDA as a music player.It's best feature is the small size.  Lightweight enough to hang around your neck all day.
My son gave me this MP3 Player for my birthday and so far I am really impressed with it!  This is my first MP3 Player so I did not know how to work it at first.  I called the company's technical support and was very happy with their customer service!  The lady that I spoke to was so nice and she walked me through how to put music on and it turned out to be very easy!  I'm surprised at the negative reviews on here as I have never had any problems with my MP3 Player and I have been using it everyday for about 3 and a half months now.
So far i got this mp3 player and it is very good.The 128mb hold over 4 hours of songs.It was hard at the begining to put the songs in but, i did it and i like.
Love the player and really, for the price (lowest on the market I could find), you can't beat it.  Only wish the headphones that came with it were better quality.  I can live without them as I have a spare pair.Tech support was amazing.  Didn't expect that level of service on an item of this price.  iClick fits a good niche.
I have an older Niles multi Zone amp. Thus, I needed this controller to expand the zones in my home. Seller sold the controller as described and was shipped quickly. Would recommend.
Works well, sort of directional but I wish it could tell you about the security (unlocked/locked) features of the wireless you find...but a fantastic little device for the money and handy in that it keeps you from booting up your laptop to see if there are any wireless hotspots around.
its detects  wifi network only at the direction you point them, and only on a limited range, about 300 ft or less.
I hadn't have the chance to test it in a real situation were i was in need for a hot spot, however its a neat gadget to carry around, its small and very light, i tested it by trying to detect a signal from a known spot, and i was far across the street, and it detected instantly.One bad thing, it detects the signal from my laptop, which in a real situation, it may mislead you by detecting false hot spots to other WiFi enabled laptops.I suggest replacing the batteries once received, because its weak and the gadget wont work correctly.Be careful of what you order, i didn't receive the WiFi Seeker from pctel, instead i got an all black one from WiFi Seeker company, where at the back of it says 'Patent pending'!
I got this to replace a similar unit that I had dropped.This unit is versitle, you can have a card for working out, and another for hanging out and not nave to skip songs that are too far out of what you're looking for at that time.The file management system on the unit is great, broken down into folders and catagories.I loaned this to a friend of mine, and he forgot it in his pocket and washed it.  After I got it back, I had to replace the battery and delete the corrupted music on it, before putting music back on it... after that, it worked again!
My only complaint about this product would be that you have to open your eyes to enjoy it. If you like lava lamps you will like this one for sure, I bought 3 of them to mix the 3-4 different effects you can recreate, and the effects are nearly mind blowing. As if you had your personal northern lights at home or watching deep space nebulas, stars and comets passing by. You can also create your own projection patterns with a little bit of imagination. And no I'm not a reseller...This thing can be improved so I don't give it a 5 stars review.
I just got the Itrip and have used it with a boombox and in my car. It also works on my home stereo. Every once in awhile in certain areas I get a little static. I have not tried programming other stations onto it yet which gives you more options to choose from. It does use up your battery pretty quickly, so I bought the Kensington Ipod charger (works for mini's and regular) and I just keep it plugged in & charging while I listen to it. It's a simple (inexpensive) solution and I have been getting so much more use out of my Ipod since then.
I found this a very useful accessory for my iPod and the pricing is also very competitive. A must buy for any iPod user.
when looking for my first mp3 player I made a list of requirements my new device should have.  I wanted a flash drive with at least a gig of memory, an fm radio, not apple specific and the capability to menu different play options. This player does all that at a very good price, especially consdering the inclusion of an fm player-adapter for the auto.  It is surprisingly small and yet the controls do not feel flimsy, however the unit sometimes needs to be commanded a second or third time especially when skipping songs on an album play.  The sound is terrific compared to regular cd players when songs are downloaded at 128.  The song capacity is only 250 or so at 128  but that is plenty. Music can be downloaded as album folders and played as an album or you can shuffle everything.  The battery life  seems adequate enough.  The controls and menu are all very easy to use and I figured everything out without the manual.  The fm radio has decent reception. The car adapter only comes with 3 low and 3 high stations to choose from and in a place like san antonio with stations up and down the dial there was some static bleed through. It has the capability for another gig with an additonal sd card but I have not tried that yet because it looks like the memory card is not too secure in the player and I don't want to lose it.  I put songs on it in mp3 and wma formats and it only played the mp3 format for some reason. The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because I don't have anything to compare it to
I read the other reviews and they had some good points.Yes, when you switch on, your previous audio selection is not remembered, but I have not seen many that do. And I use many Audio book mp3's. Upon power up it takes a moment to read files, this is irritating. My purchase did not come with an fm transmit adapter (as per other reviews). My first issue upon purchase was the firmware. It needed to be upgraded from v1.xx to v3.11. This took me some time to figure out, if you did not read all the small peices of paper in the package. If you don't upgrade the firmware the Lyra does not recognize any subfolders on the SD external card. It was very simple to download and execute the upgrade from the given RCA website. I did write to RCA to fix this v3.11 though. It only supports 520 files. I can easily fit many more files (I tried to load over 800 files). All my mp3's are compressed to 64kbps and Audio books are broken down into many pieces (sub directories). I have been using a 2gbyte sd card with no prob. be carfull not to overload the line-in. the mic is also very sensitve. My overal opinion of the Lyra is great. Not many MP3 players have these features for this price range. A biult in fm transmitter would be nice though.
I use this to clip my ipod shuffle to my waistband at the gym.  It works great.  The attachment to the USB connector is secure.  The clip works well.  Unlike a previous reviewer, I have no trouble detaching the ipod.  With the clip attached, it is a bit of a challenge to access the power switch, but that is a minor complaint.
I bought it for my dad and I haven't heard any complaints. So I guess everything is working ok. But those head phones are huge!!
This little gadget is great. Delivers almost everything it promises. The only thing i can really complain about is that the FM tuner is not as good as i hoped.  There's quite a bit of static and it does not pick up all frequencies that a more powerful tuner would. Also scrolling through the channel presets is a pain.  On the plus side for this gadget is that the sound it delivers is great.  I also own an ipod nano and i believe the zen delivers better sound. The customizable equalizer right on the device itself is a very useful feature for audiophiles like me.  To customize the equalizer on the ipod, u need to do it on a computer through itunes although admitedly the ipod does have many more preset equalizer settings. The AAA cell power pack for zen is also an unbelievably useful feature.  Ever so often my ipod runs out of battery power and i'm left with a beautiful looking but dead digital music player till i get bac and charge it again. With the zen it is so much more convenient to just change the cell on the go.
I've bought four of these for myself and friends.  They're cheap enough that you don't have to worry too much about losing or breaking them (like you would an ipod). It doesn't have silly restrictions on what kind of MP3s you can play (but you can't play itunes music!).  It's literally as small as a matchbox and great in the gym.  One gig is plenty of music for one outing, and you can always change it.  I got one wet and it kept working.Down sides:  The sound quality is a bit tinny.  The interface isn't as sleek and engaging as the ipod, but it's not bad.  Two of the four I bought stopped working after about 14-18 months of use, and there's really no way to get it fixed.  You probably shouldn't think of it as something that will last forever... or else you could get one of those 2-3 year replacement warranty deals.Still, not too bad a deal overall, I think.
[Note: Amazon seems to charge more than the list price for some colors.  If you order from Creative or buy at a Cambridge Soundworks store, you may be able to get a better price.]I would have given Creative Zen Nano Plus (abbreviated "CZNP") 5 stars, except for two small deficiences: it does not have gapless playback (see #10 below), and the build quality and controls are kind of cheap (see #4 below).  Assuming it lasts, it seems a very good unit for the money.  Here's why I bought mine, and some questions to ask yourself when you're choosing.  [Updated 8/28/2006]0. Do I want to make a fashion statement with my MP3 player?Some people will only buy a trendy iPod.  Buying a lesser-known unit like CZNP makes a different statement, and you can choose from 10 colors.  I prefer function over form, but CZNP offers some of each.  I bought an orange one because it is easy to find in my black bag.1. Do I want to play more than just sound?The CZNP is a basic MP3 player, FM Radio, and recorder.  It has a simple monochrome display and controls that make it a good choice for playing music, podcasts, and ebooks, and listening to local radio stations.  It can record from the built-in mike or radio, or from a line input, which may be handy for some.Some players can play videos, show pictures, etc, and cost a lot more because of the required color screen and larger memory.  I don't need these things and prefer not to spend the money needed to get them.Of course this player can STORE any kind of content, just like a thumb drive, but it only plays audio.2. Will I be listening to mostly music or mostly spoken content?When you switch off a unit while it is playing, or pause it and it turns off automatically after awhile, some units will resume at the beginning of the current track, and others (e.g. CZNP) resume exactly where you left off.  If you are playing music, you usually prefer to start the song over again.  For ebooks or long podcasts, I need to resume where it was turned off (like CZNP does), because it is hard to fast-advance back to where you were.3. What kind of accessories can I get?Creative has a set of speakers tailored to the CZNP, and there are many generic accessories that will work with it.  By comparison, there are entire catalogs of accessories tailored for optimal use with an iPod (and may not work with others).  I have what I need, but pine for some things available for iPod only.The best accessory of all is a cable that has a 1/8" stereo plug (like the headphone plug) on one end, and two RCA plugs on the other.  Plug one of these into the auxiliary or CD input of all the stereos you use, and you can quicly plug this in and play on the speakers.  Such cables are available at Radio Shack and most places selling electronics products.4. How convenient is it to use?MP3 players vary considerably on how easy they are to use.  The iPod is famous for ease of use, though it does not do everything I want to do.  The CZNP has relatively cheap controls that work well enough, and does what I want.  You don't have to be a computer whiz to use it or its software.I have been using it while driving with reasonably good results.  It is easy to pause and start it, turn it off, adjust volume, skip or repeat tracks, back up or move forward in the current track, and small enough to hold in your hand and still be able to hold onto the steering wheel.But if you want to skip to a different album, you have to skip, wait, listen, and skip until you find the first track of the desired album.  Of course there is a menu way of getting there more easily, but you can't use menus while driving.It is small and light. About like a Bic cigarette lighter except twice as wide.  So far I have found the size very convenient; I don't think I would want it any smaller.  But being small, it might be easier to lose - which is why I bought an orange one.5. How long will it last?On Amazon, click the link "See all ... customer reviews", then look for the dropdown "Show:" and choose "Lowest review first" and click the Go button.  There are a number of reports from people who had problems with their CZNP, some bad enough to throw it away.  Some are real problems, others might be a lack of understanding how to use the player.Despite these complaints, the average review is high.  You'll find about the same mix of reviews for most players.I decided to take a chance.  My unit will be well-cared for.  If I have a problem, I'll update this review.6. Can the battery be replaced?CZNP uses an AAA battery which is said to last for 15 hours and can be changed easily.The iPod Nano has a rechargeable battery that is not designed to be replaced, which means the iPod Nano becomes landfill when the battery no longer takes a charge in a couple of years. There will be millions of iPods being thrown away simply because the owner cannot make them continue to work, which has an impact on the environment.  There are now battery replacement kits for iPod, with tools and instructions, so this concern is lessened for DIY people, but most won't bother.7. How does it sound?The CZNP sounds very good to when when I use good earphones like Koss "The Plug", or when plugged into a stereo.The free headphones you get with it won't give you the best sound, and you should not judge any player on how it sounds with the included headphones.  Go buy quality earphones for any new player, as this will make a huge improvement in your enjoyment at relatively low cost.8. Does the player use flash memory or hard-disk for storage?CZNP uses flash memory.  Flash memory is more expensive per MB/GB than hard disk memory, and flash memory players are smaller than hard disk players.  I would not want a hard disk, which I think is too heavy and too fragile for a portable player.  Get a hard disk player if you want to carry a lot of content, but make sure you have a backup.  Get a flash memory player if you want to hold the content you will listen to today or this week.9. Does the player have enough memory?I use Highest Quality VBR, which gives me MP3s usually 200-250 KBPS, and I get about 10 hours of MP3 music.  For podcasts or other material recorded at lower quality, you'll get a lot more.  With that much space I can have some new or favorite albums left on the player, and have plenty of room for content that changes (like podcasts).  If you don't use a computer regularly, you might want more memory, maybe even a hard disk, but 1GB is very convenient for my purposes.10. Does the player support gapless playback between tracks?Some albums have music that flows continously from one track to the next.  Examples: Radiohead "OK Computer", Dandy Warhols, Moody Blues.  The listening experience is disrupted if the tracks have a gap as the player switches from one track to another.I don't know of any portable MP3 player that offers gapless playback (without Rockbox), though it's bound to come.  The CZNP has a brief gap with no clicks, but it is still somewhat disruptive.  One solution is to rip the album as one continuous track.  The Rockbox open-source technology essentially replaces the firmware on your player, and it features gapless playback.  It is supported on a few players, including some iPods, but not CZNP.11. Does the player require proprietary software or hardware?CZNP includes software, but since it also works like a USB drive, you can manage content with Explorer / Finder if you want to.  All connectors are industry-standard and you can find matching cables in electronics and computer stores.iPod can only load music using iTunes, and other players require software supplied with the unit, or with Windows.  The iPod and others also use proprietary connectors, so replacing a lost cable is more expensive.  I would not be happy with such restrictions. Open standards promote flexibility and interoperability.  On the other hand the iPod is widely supported and it's easy to find compatible accessories.For me, at a minimum, the player needs to look like a USB drive when I connect it to the computer, so that I can load it by dragging files to the player's file system, and the CZNP does that.  I want to have a program automatically create a custom listening program of various short podcasts that play in a particular order to support Radio on Demand, and I want that to happen by simply connecting the device to the computer, with no keyboard or mouse interaction involved.  I have not found such a program, and may have to write it, but I can do that if I want to.  With an iPod I have no choice but to use iTunes (or replace the firmware with Rockbox).  iTunes will not do what I want it to do, and there is no option to use my own or third-party software.12. Is the player file-based or tag-based?The CZNP is file-based: it will play songs in alphabetical order for a given folder.  Naming songs with a two-digit sequence number at the beginning of the filename ensures they play in the correct order.  It also has shuffle play, etc.I had tried the SanDisk Sansa, but returned it because all content is organized and played on the basis of tags, exclusively.  While my music has tags correctly set to play the way I wanted, podcasts don't use tags consistently enough to play them in a particular order that I chose.  With the CZNP you can at least control the order by putting a sequence number at the beginning of each filename.Tag-based may have some advantages over file-based (though not for my uses), but only if all of the content you want to play is properly tagged.
I have yet to try it out, but you can directly record anything to the player from any device with an 1/8 inch miniplug... fabulous.  The FM receiver does not get very good reception, but I live pretty far from the city.  Although this is thumb drive size, there is no usb male port on the player... this means you have to carry the 3.5 to usb cable with you for file transfers.  The included software seems like a waste of computer space to me; if you have a mp3 ripper already, or an mp3 library, it makes more sense to just drag and drop files.  The player can skip file folders, so organize your playlists in separate folders.This player is clearly on the road to true functionality.  I'm have high expectations, and I am very satisfied with this player.
I listen to music almost all day from my car, at the office and when I work out at the gym. So I wanted a simple mp3 player that was small, that could be controlled with one hand, that wasn't that expensive and that was easy to put music on.I bought the CREATIVE ZEN NANO PLUS 1 GB in white, because it looks clean and stands out. When people see it and try it out they are surprised by its size and sound. It only uses 1 AAA battery and I am using the Energizer NiMH Battery Charger and 4 AAA batteries. One battery typically lasts me two days before I need to change it. I just charge the batteries up one day then take two with me, one for the mp3 player the other as a spare. When the mp3 player is connected to a Windows XP pc, it gets detected and listed as a removable USB drive. That means that you don't have to install any software to move files onto or from this device. Its does come with a cdrom that includes software to rip and compress songs. This device can play both mp3 and wma files. It also comes with an IN_LINE cable that you can use to connect to the headphone jack of a cdplayer to record songs onto the mp3 player. Also there is a built-in equalizer with 5 settings, one of which you can customize.They are a few things to note. First, the headphones don't fit. They are bud headphones which you are just supposed to stick in your ear, but they are too big so they keep popping out. So I got a pair of Sony MDR-E818LP Fontopia headphones, they are inexpensive and they sound great. Second, you can't just put all your music on the player in one location. You'll need to create at least 2 folders. Which is fine with me, because I separate my music by the style. The voice recording is fair. It creates a .WAV file on the player, which can be moved to your pc. The radio is pretty good, I haven't had a problem with it yet. However, when the battery gets low it will affect the signal strength.PROS:+ its small, about the size of a pack of gum+ no software needed to install, works like a USB drive+ can be operated with one handCONS:- headphones don't fit wellIn my review I am using the bit rate of 128kbps.
The product does exact what it says on the website and the price is great
I found the Archos Gmini to be a brilliant little MP3. I, like most people wanted an IPOD, but it was just far too expensive and I had heard that some models had glitches.I have not had a single problem with my Archos MP3 and it is the easiest product I have ever used. Basically to transfer songs all I have to do is click and drop into the music file. Its so easy to use, my mum liked it so much that she got one aswell.In the time I've had it, the screen has only froze once but that was when I was charging it through my laptop while listening to music and then decided to turn it off.....trying to do too many things at once.If you're looking for something relatively cheap, easy to use and funky, this is definately worth buying. I got the pink one and everyone comments on how small and funky it is.
I'm from spain (Sorry for my poor english). I was looking for a diferent MP3. And the Archos is diferent, it's a good product, non-fashion with cool face. The sound is very pure, the capacity suficient, ergonomic, low weight, perfect size and mejorable battery. It,s very easy to use and very compatible. I think it should have more accesories (like car-holder).A good buy!!
This is a good radio with good sound.  Reception with the short line antenna was poor.  However, with the included dipole antenna it is good.  Of course, this depends on where you are in relation to the transmitter.  Otherwise it is convenient and easy to use.
I tried six different antenna's and nothing worked until getting the C.Crane FM reflect from the NPR store.  Now, crisp, clean, clear reception of all weak stations.Dual speakers and dual alarms make this (lower) cost HD radio a real value. So, spend the extra $30 to make this purchase really worthwhile.
To date, I've bought 4 of these little radios for use at our HD Radio staions.  They are a fine tool for casual comparisons to other stations in the area.The antenna and audio connections are hard to get too...the only reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5.One other thing, the reception using the supplied little wire antenna was pretty bad.  Reception using an outside antenna is greatly improved.All in all, this is an amazing radio for the price.
I just purchased this and it's good, but satelite is the best.  The reception on satelite is not as good as this but with the selection being almost endless, I would recommend this for someone who can not afford satelite.This would make a great gift for someone.
I've used a few of the BA HD Receptors at work, along with every other HD radio on the market, some of which cost thousands of dollars.  If you want a decent unit for the home, this is your best option.  It supports multicast, allows multicast presets, and has a surprising bass response for something its size.The interface can't be beat.  Many of the other HD radios haven't gotten it as good as this one.The downsides?  It's still more pricey than non-HD radios, and you might need to get a bigger antenna to tune weaker stations.Overall, if you know you want HD, and not in your car, this should be on your list.
I really like this radio.  The sound quality for such small speakers is supberb--they have a depth and prescence that is surprising for such a small radio.  Beware, however, that the "pigtail" antenna that comes with the radio is nearly useless.  Most of these units now come with an additional "T" dipole antenna in the box.  In most urban areas the folded dipole "T" antenna will give you better reception.  But to truly enjoy everything that this radio has to offer you will need to mount an outside FM antenna--particularly if you live in a rural area.  I went with a Winegard omnidirectional FM antenna on a five foot mast mounted at the peak of my roof.  I can receive FM stations more than 100 miles away and several HD stations.  Even the analog-only broadcasts come in clear as a bell.  For a radio this expensive it is really worth shelling out the extra bucks for a rooftop antenna (antenna, mast, mouting brackets and 50' coaxial cable came to around $90).
This is the first tabletop radio on the market that makes use of a new DIGITAL broadcasting system, developed by Ibiquity Digital. For more info on this system visit Ibiqitys' website.In a nutshell, local FM and AM stations can now broadcast a digital signal along with their analog signal. The digital transmission "fixes" a couple of long-standing reception problems, i.e. "multipath" distortion on FM and "static" and noise on AM. In addition, AM can be broadcast in stereo using this system. Additional information such as song title/artist etc. and Secondary channels may also be transmitted. In the Portland area, for example, there are 12 FM stations and 1 AM station already transmitting in HD digital, and 4 of the FMs transmit a (for now, commercial free) secondary channel. See the Ibiquity website to obtain a list of stations transmitting in digital in your area.The Boston Acoustics receiver does a fine job of decoding these new signals, including the secondary channels. When a station is selected, the normal analog signal is first heard for a few seconds, while the digital "buffer" is filled. When the radio  switches over to digital, the improvement in reception is many times quite dramatic.For my taste, the BA receptor produces too much bass, but this CAN be turned down somewhat. Plugging the ports on the back of the speakers will further reduce the bass.AM reception is not as good as it could be, but an external antenna can improve this. If the AM reception were better, I would upgrade to 4.5 stars rating.
I am reasonably impressed with the reception abilities of this radio, especially after reading some of the reviews here.  I live in the SW burbs of Omaha and can get 13 HD stations (one of them is even AM).The radio is very easy to operate, in fact I have yet to unseal the manual.  Comes with a standard FM dipole antenna and an AM loop antenna, which I am using for my antennas.I haven't used it as a clock radio very long yet, so I can't comment on the long term accuracy of the clock section, but it seems to be good so far.The only two features I would would have liked to find and did not on this radio are an equalizer for the radio sound and a scan / auto-station load into preset feature.  Other than those two (minor IMHO) additions, I think the radio performs well and is priced accordingly.
This radio has good tone quality. I have read other reports on this item in reference to sensitivity and it is ture that it is not as good as it could be. The manual is lacking in some technical applications which are available. Being a Radio Broadcast Engineer, some of these were very important to us in setting up our new HD transmitter.There have been reports that the analog signal is delayed by as much as 1 sec from a conventational radio.Other than that it is definitely worth the $ which I spent for it.
I first used this radio when I worked in I.T. for a cluster of local radio stations that broadcast in HD, so I already knew what I was getting.  I use this model as a bedroom clock radio, with the radio on one nightstand and the second speaker extended to the other nightstand.  I've been very pleased with the performance of the radio in this application.  The only drawback I found was the reconditioned radio did not include the remote control.
What a wonderful radio. HD radio is incredible and this receiveris almost perfect but...1)The plugs in the back are so recessed that they are difficult to use.2)The clock/station display cannot be dimmed enough for a bed side radio.3)If the AM or FM signal is weak or variable the radio 'hunts' for the digital signal and turns it on and off every two seconds with very annoying drastic changes in sound quality. There is (stupidly) no way of locking the radio to just the analog signal so the radio is virtually useless unless you can receive a strong signal. This is a serious design error.
Overall, I think Boston Accoustics (BA) did a fine job with this first generation HD radio. However, I would offer the following suggestions for the next version of this radio:1.) Include a decent external AM antenna with the radio. If you are within 20 miles of the radio station's transmitter, you will do fine with the built in AM antenna. However, anything further away, and receiving HD AM is very difficult. BA threw in the standard issue $2 external AM antenna in the box, but it is no better than the built in antenna. Best investment I made was the Terk external antenna - Model AM-1000 - $40 at Amazon. With this antenna, AM performance improved dramatically. Living 50 miles away from the major NYC AM stations, I could now pull in all of them in HD, where as before I could only get static filled analog signals.2.) Include additional controls in the flip up panel (good idea for infrequently used controls). There are many features available on the radio, but currently available only by "hacking" the radio by pressing various buttons to unlock the "secret" settings (see other reviews for this info). Bring some of these out as dedicated buttons - such as bass & treble controls, balance, and display intensity (dimmer) adjustment.One important button should be on the front panel - which I would call an "HD / Standard" button to enable you to lock the radio in the "Standard" mode. It is very annoying to hear the radio automatically toggle back & forth between the HD signal and analog signal if you are in a fringe HD signal area.3.) Flip the volume control knob and tuning knob location. ie. Volume control should be on the left side, and tuning on the right. This is how car radios have been set up for decades, and is what most people are used to. More often than not, I mistakenly turn the wrong knob to adjust the volume or tune the radio, as the knobs are reversed.4.) Both external antenna connectors are recessed into the back of the radio. Do NOT recess them! Unless you have very small skinny fingers, it is almost impossible to make the connections without resorting to needle nose plyers. I personally cannot tighten the 75 ohm FM Type F connector onto the radio without using tools.5.) There is a 1/8 inch mini stereo jack for use with headphones. BA needs to include standard RCA jacks for fixed audio output with flat tone for input into a standard stereo system.6.) For some unknown reason, the signal strength meter "goes away" at times. I can't quite figure out why. Perhaps a software patch will fix that quirk.Well those are my suggestions for the next version of this radio.In the meantime, for it's size and price, it sounds great! Hard to believe such good sound is coming from such a small package. Yes, you can't compare it to a $1000 stereo system with much larger speakers and huge amps. But for $250 it sounds just as good as the Bose Wave table radio at a much lower price, plus it receives HD - which the Bose does not.The sensitivity and selectivity of the FM tuner is also excellent. The only suggestion would be for BA to include in it's well written instruction manual, a section for hooking up a "better" external antenna besides the included "T" dipole antenna. Again, Terk makes a nice amplified dipole that can be mounted outside (Terk FM-50 - $70 at Amazon).Users need to get the dipole as high as possible, which for most people means mounting it either inside an attic space, or on an outside wall of your home up as high as possible. HD signals are weak, and require the best antenna, mounted in the best possible location in order to receive HD FM signals from more than 25 miles away from the station's transmitter.Advanced owners may even want to consider an outside mounted "Yagi" FM antenna on a rotor to really pick up distant FM stations in HD. The manual could include a section on that as well.
When I got this radio I compared it with my other Boston Acoustics radio using the same wire antenna and got much better reception with the other radio. Then I used the longer wire that came with the HD radio; moving it across the room laying my wire up over my bookself. Not perfect, but a big improvement. On FM I now get 6 HD stations, 5 coming in 90% of the time. I also like the fact you can dim the light on the clock, and the fact that you can spread the speakers far apart. It will be great when I move into my new house and I put up my antenna in my attic It will pick up even better.
I got the Boston Acoustics HD Receptor Radio a few months back off of Ebay, and for just shy of a hundred clams, it is well worth the money, although the analog AM reception is very treble-shy, [note- my hearing tests normal for my age] but quiet.  The analog FM reception is above average in sensitivity and below average in  noise/multipath levels.  The HD reception [which is the sole reason I got this radio in the first place] is strictly so-so, requiring a close-to-transmitter [no more than 40 miles distant, using an indoor dipole antenna] reception location in order to receive any HD signals strong enough for decoding [A "deep fringe" outdoor antenna is strongly advised for those like me who live out in the "sticks"].  FM HD reception/sound quality is mixed, with KUOW-FM Seattle [program:  "The Swing Years and Beyond"- also on the web!] fading back and forth between HD and analog, with noticeable echo artifact as well as low-bitrate treble swishiness - I must note here that in analog, this station is totally absent at my location out in rural Pierce County].  AM HD is MIA with one exception- KTAC-AM in Tacoma, Washington- does come in robustly, but unfortunately for me, it is only a sports station and does not broadcast music - only !@#$%&+*! sports!  However, I was able to judge audio quality just the same with the announcers' voices as well as the commercial jingles - it all had a hard, metallic treble quality due in part to the Spectral Substitution algorithm HD uses on low bandwidth AM HD broadcasts, in order to fill-in missing upper-octave trebles so as to sound more similar to FM.  Dynamics were good, though.  I wish fervently, that Coast2CoastAM [a radio program broadcast on KVI here] would come in via HD, as the Receptor's analog AM section is insensitive [I live in the "boonies", which means i need an external AM antenna for reception] as well as being severely rolled-off in the treble - down to [roughly] 3000 cycles per second - causing a  treble dullness which hampers program intelligibility [announcer's sibilants are barely heard]. It has worse treble performance than any other AM radio I have ever heard.  A pity.  When I plug in a CD player, the speakers' sound is a bit shouty in the low trebles but reasonably neutral overall.  Bass extends useably down to [roughly] 60 cycles per second, very good performance for such a small unit.  The Receptor uses an old BBC [speaker] "mid-bass bump" trick to boost the mid-bass to compensate for missing low bass- however, this also makes announcers' voices sound very chesty at times [which, combined with the low treble roll-off, muffles announcers' voices].  The unit can split into 2 parts, for left and right Stereo, with the addition of the [included] 10' stereo minijack cable, with surprisingly vivid stereo imaging [and a large "sweet spot"] as a result.  Volume levels were adequately loud for music listening in a small [no larger than 100 square feet] listening room, so this unit would be just the thing for volume-deprived apartment/condo dwellers, loud enough to enjoy but not quite loud enough to annoy neighbors in adjacent units.  Recommended, but with reservations.
Ok here it goes. First things first, my first impression of this mp3 player upon removing it from the box was pure delight. It's small, compact, has a very modern design, and also looks and feels solid. I charged it for about twelve hours, downloaded the firmware update (very important) installed that and began my in depth scrutiny of the little gadget.-PROS-Great overall physical design-looks and feels well made.Awesome sound- plays clean pure music and has excellent equalizer control.Software is simple yet gets the job done.Has removable replaceable cell phone battery- lasts around 30 hours!Joystick is easy to use- Some people don't like it (C/NET) but I really enjoy how simple and compact the control is.The screen is a bit small but crisp and well lit- fits nicely with overall design and helps conserve battery.Cannot beat the price per gigabyte.-CONS-Has a few physical production design flaws- The back removable cover does not set perfectly aligned and moves a bit if pressed in any direction. Also when the backlight is on light shines through the frame of the screen where its not supposed to. Not a huge deal but rather annoying and could have easily been fixed prior to production.The volume button is rather difficult to press because of its close proximity to the headphone jack. Easily fixed by using a volume control on your headphones.No case is included with the product and its next to impossible to find one for it. I ended up going with a case logic minidisc armband case that has not arrived yet.I've had this player for a couple weeks now and overall I've been very pleased with it. It's very compact and easily used for exercising. It performs well and looks good doing it. I'll report back in a few months and tell you how everything is going. Thats the true test. I bought this because I read a review from someone who had been using this player for six months and it was perfect. I like to read that. I would rate this a 4.5 if given the option but will round down to a four given the annoying design flaws. But hey Im a perfectionist.
I could care less about a color screen or a scroll wheel. I wanted a good player that has a small form-factor and good battery life. Even with a good pair of earbuds - I got the Sony MDR-EX71SL Fontopia Headphones, it was within my budget. I couldn't have made a better choice.I upgraded the firmware like all other reviewers. Has worked since without any problems. The software crashes on all the machines that I have tried - I was not expecting too much from Motorola software :)The FM tuning/working is not too great. Works well if its grounded. So for good reception, you've to carry it in your palm.
I've had the Motorola M500 for two weeks now.  Overall, this is a great player.  Very user friendly, very good audio quality, FM tuner, 5GB capacity, and the best battery life of any player I've seen in this catagory. (Mine went over 28 hours on a charge.)  I opened an Amazon credit account, and got $30 off the price; making the total cost under $110.  The only negative is the rather small screen.
At first I had some problems with the m500 freezing up but I called motorola and was told to download a firmware update .After I downloaded the firmware update this mp3 player worked like a charm.  It has an FM player and more memory for less money than the ipod mini.  I would reccomend it to anyone.
I just recieved my MP3 player and its great. You would have to first update the firmware from motorola's website. After that your all good. The bookmark feature is wonderful if you listen to audiobooks. I had a problem with creating playlist with their software, to fix this issue, I had to just create a playlist with the supplied program then load it in Winamp and re-save it. Works great after that. Battery life is amazing. The only reason why the player didn't get five is because the thumbstick but I can over look that.
This is your basic MP3 player --- I have an iPod mini - but wanted a smaller one for my jogs, one that is simple to use (very important).A couple of observations:1) very easy to load music - unlike the iPod, you can just copy and paste the music you want onto the player and you're ready to go.  I love that!2) sound quality is noticeably worse than my iPod... perhaps that's the headphones, I'm not sure.  It's not bad, just not as good.3) the player is a little annoying to use, to flip between songs, navigate, etc.  It just doesn't seem to do what I want sometimes.  Kinda confusing and sometimes annoying.In short, it did what I wanted it to and would recommend it for someone looking for the simplest player.
I bought this from Amazon over a year ago, for &lt; $70.  I wanted a flash-drive MP3 player mainly to play audio books (.mp3 or .wma only) while commuting to work, and wasn't interested in an iPod;  for me, the smaller, the better.  This MP3 player serves this purpose, and is inexpensive compared to similar items.  I use one of those cassette adapters to listen to it in the car, and this works just fine.It uses 1 AAA battery, which usually lasts up to 15 hrs for me.  It does pick up a book where I left off.  However, if I decide to switch to a different book altogether before finishing the first one, it loses the "bookmark," which is annoying.  It means I have to start all over again because there's no FF or RW within a file.  As for music, I only keep about 20 songs on it, and haven't had any problems with playback.I keep this in the car unless I'm uploading new files to it.  This means it sits through temperature extremes (NJ).  When it gets very cold during winter, the display on the unit doesn't want to display.  It does reappear when the temp warms up.  I have no idea if all LCDs do that.  I probably shouldn't leave it outside anyway, car or no.  In any case, it's still working the same as the 1st day I used it.Overall, I'm satisfied with this.  It's no-frills, but gets the job done, and didn't cost much.  Although I just upgraded to a Sandisk 2GB player, I'm still keeping this for the commute.
for the moment I am very happy of the product. The only thing it use lot of battery AAA
I don't know why people have had problems with loading music on the Macvision.  This is my second one! I lost the first one :(  I loved it and replaced as quickly as possible.  This one is just as easy to use.  Easy to follow manual, bright backlight for reading display, good sound, even good reception of FM radio.  Why pay more for an iPod when this works just as well?
Nice sound, solid build, nice FM reception, good user interface, drag and drop music transfer straight from Explorer.The encryption feature is almost useless because you need to have the utility and driver installed in every computer you connect the device.The manual talks much about being able to update the firmware but their website is useless, can't even find the user's manual even though it is listed in the search.Convert your mp3 to wma 96 and you can fit about twice as much with no perceptible sound difference on this player.
I just got my MacVision MP3 player and I've had no problems with it at all.I recommend this to anyone who would like to have an MP3 player but doesn't want to drop $100 on an IPOD. I fit 151 songs on mine before I ran out of space. It's pretty easy to use and the manual was helpful to me.Though the design is a little strange, it's a pretty sturdy little thing. My only complaint so far is that the display is a little hard to read unless you hold it right up to your face.
I love it, works great and sounds clear, with lots of extra little features built in. The only thing that I was a little disappointed by was that you have to use a adapter cord to plug into the USB port on the pc from the player, so you can't hook up the player to the pc with out it, plus theres no dc power jack built in to the player so if you want to listen to it you have no choice but to use the battery. But besides those 2 little things its a great little device
It's a good product. To be a perfect product just need to improve the sound's quality. The functionality, the size and the price are o.k.
This little mp3 player is great for jogging at the gym or outside.  It has lots of features, and good sound quality.One downside is that the way you scroll through the menus is not intuitive at all and is pretty akward.  It's not a big deal for me because I just let it play straight through and zone out.  But, not a great choice if you're the kind who likes to skip around to find a song.
A little difficult to get songs on it if you don't have your music library set up in Windows Media.  Product does NOT work with Itunes downloads -- ONLY WMA and MP3 formats.  Will work with CDs that you have purchased.  My 10 year old daughter loves it. Great for a starter.
Good deal for the price.  I am perfectly happy with it.  It actually holds a substantial amoout of soungs for such a small memory and I love having the FM aspect.  It weighs less than a pack of gum.  I still cannot figure out how to change modes (from say recording mode to FM mode)without taking the battery out and turning the entire system off.  I emailed customer service about this but never got a response.  So ... I continue to turn the entire system off when I go mode to mode.  Still overall a great deal.  Definitely worth the money.
I've had the Macvision MP3 Player for a little over a month and so far have been very pleased.  There are a couple annoyances I do have, though.  I carry my player in my purse where it is jostled and bumped quite often.  Because of this, even when the player's hold button is locked, the player keeps getting turned on (when the hold button is locked in place, every time the play button is pressed the player displays a "hold" message on the display.)  I drained two batteries before knowing exactly what was going on.  Now I take out the battery anytime I plan on putting in my purse.  Since it is a USB device I don't loose any of my music.  The other minor annoyance I have is that the headphones which come with the player are attached to a lanyard that you must wear around your neck.  There are times where I find this convenient, but more frequently, I'd rather just put the player in my pocket as I don't like it bouncing around while I work out.  A new set of headphones will resolve this issue just fine.At 256 MB, the player holds around 64 songs and I find that this more than meets me needs.  If I get tired of what's currently on my player, I just hook it back up to the computer and download a new set.  It also has most of the basic music functions, shuffle, folders, etc.  I think this is a great player for the casual music listener who is looking for an MP3 device and isn't willing to spend IPod prices.
Not sure why others had a problem with this product.I bought it for my step-son and ended up using it myself.I have had no problems putting music on it, or with it overheating or anything.Without the manual I was easily able to figure out how to put music on it, and how to change from Music to FM. And the sound quality is very good.  I don't know how Customer Service is, because I have not encountered any problems with the product.
My crt. card did not go through 1st time I ordered this player, once I hit send the 2nd time, I saw some Wicked bad reviews of this player.  I tryed to canciel my order, NOPE came anyway.Well, 1st off take the software is comes with and toss it!  No help, no good, rely on using Windows through  rt.click My computer > Explore and drop and drag.  Vola' after 30 min messing around with the software I figured out to use Windows instead, Now I'm happy.  NNeat first time inexpensive player.
We bought this four our daughter, and installed the software from the CD.  A message popped-up on our desktop that said something to the effect of, "this device is not verified for use by Windows XP operating systems. We recommend that you check vendor for updated drivers and compatibility. Installation may cause operating system to perform irregularly"We went to [...] checked MP3 player drivers, and they only had Win98 drivers listed.  Luckily this player still worked on our WinXP computer with the CD that it came with for installation.  The easy to use "drag and drop" function makes it very easy to add music to this player. Plus this MP3 player has a sleek design that kid's like.Works fine with WinXP, despite warning message. Need vendor to update drivers for Windows XP so that no warning messages pop up.
Voice recording, FM radio and MP3 playback for $32 - tough to beat. The sound quality was really good, even in the voice recordings. The interface is not very good - hence the 4 stars - the jog wheel at the bottom is used to both select a menu item by depressing it and to scroll by rotating it to the right or left - very rarely, it got stuck and you had to try a couple of more times to get it to scroll. I cant comment on the battery life since I havent used it that long. I wasn't expecting a great player for the price and was pretty happy with it, all in all.
Hey for 31 bucks this is a pretty nice little player.  Good audio, decent FM reception. The inlcuded headphones are not the greatest and you will probably want to use others that are more comfortable.  I got this to see just how much I would actually use an mp3 player before I spring for an ipod.This unit will not play mp4 format files.  I have a few and this player will not recognize them.  Must be mp3 or wma format.Compact size, the menus are pretty easy to navigate with a little practice.If an iPod seems a bit much for your needs, check out one of these little inexpensive players.
I wanted something small which could accompany me to the gym and keep me moving. And that's just what I got. Due to "sticky fingers" at the gym I did not want to spend too much $$$ on it, and the price on the MacVision was reasonable. I do regret not getting one with larger storage capasity, because by the time I figured out how to download music files it was so much fun that I didn't want to stop! Downloading is easy, by the way: store the files you want in your Music Folder on your PC, plug in the MacVision with the USB Cable that came with it, and juice it up.I was vaguely familiar with the iPod, on which you can scroll to and from different folders to find the type of music you want. The MacVision does not have this feature, but that was solved easily by making separate folders for different music types in the PC Music Folder; the music files  will then play in sequence.I have not fully explored the instruction manual or had a chance to figure out all the different features this player comes with. I was only able to pick up 2 radio stations, but as I'm using it primarily to play my stored files that is not a big issue. The player is a bit bigger than a lighter, so it's very light and portable; I have attached it to a "hook" so that I can clip it on to my clothing. I did not care much for the headphones or "necktie" it came with; I use my Sony headset for better sound. It's probably a good thing, and might help prevent hearing loss, but even on maximum volume it is not very loud. Navigating the menues and options is a bit confusing, but as previously mentioned I need to study the manual. The buttons are tiny, but not causing problems. Battery life is good (Uses 1 AAA, which lasted over two weeks with a hour worth or so of daily use)Conclusion: for little money I got what I wanted, not more, and not less. I'm holding back a star because it doesn't feel like a 5 Star...
PROS: Cheap price.Does exactly what it says it will do.Can download music very fast using drag-n-drop.Very small and lightweight.Good sound quality.CONS: User manual is very poorly written and confusing.Ear buds are uncomfortable.Overall, the most bang for the buck of any player I've ever owned.
The MachSpeed 128mb MP3 player is really neat and I like mine very much.  However, if you are interested in buying this, or any other MachSpeed product, because of the advertised rebates on any website, please be cautious because chances are you'll never see your rebate.  MachSpeed will find a reason for not paying your rebate as they have done with so many others.
Ok for the price these things rock. The unit actually comes with the ac power plug as opposed tomost of the small units that are battery powered. The sound quality is actually very nice for the size. I've had mini sony speakers that sounded so much worse than these lil guys. I use it for my ipod at work and it's just excellent. The only thing I wish ithad was a volume control on them, but otherwise they are a great little pair of beat em up and use them lots speakers
I just got this for Christmas and I have to say I love it.  I didn't want anything too expensive because I had planned on only using it at the gym.  It's so convenient though I use it around the house too; the earbuds are connected to the lanyard that you hang it around your neck with.  It works great.  A little tricky trying to fast forward or skip songs while running but that's about the only drawback.  It doesn't have a lot of memory for a lot of different music but I can save about 1 1/2 hours on it.  Enough for what I use it for.
I got this one at my local walmart . I like the builtin fm tuner  and battery life. It works great with yahoo subscription music.But the slow response of the display seem to be something philips might wan to look at . Song startd to play and only after a second or so did the display change to the song title . this becomes an issues when skipping multiple songs.Also there is no way to seek to the middle of the song (skipping the intros with audio books)
Unfortunately for me, my mpio was caught in the wash and is now ruined. But that was my fault... so for the past few hours I have been trying to find another mp3 player, i even considered an ipod but quickly changed my mind. This mp3 player was wonderful and i am going to buy it again. It is compatible with windows media player,which most people that own a windows computer have, it also plays video and music and it has photos and i have yet to find another mp3 player with all three that is as cheap. It also downloads songs very quickly and downloading them from WMP is very easy. Also if u us bear share or limeware songs automatically transfer to WMP(windows media player) so its not a problem to get songs or videos on ur mp3. I would recommend this for new mp3 users like myself. unfortunately it is very hard to see the screen when you are outside, and the headphones suck (the latter I have heard however of many mp3 players) this was my first mp3 player and i loved it and i will most likely buy another one, if i can't find another mp3 player that can play video and music and has a photo viewer that isn't $300
As a Knicks fan I was excited to find this mobile for my sons sports nursery. It was easy to put together too. The only downfall would be that the little wind up song only lasts like a minute...it would be nice if it were longer.
My girlfriend just bought me this mp3 player and I'm quite impressed. It may be small but it is very functional.I don't need to store every mp3 I've ever ripped or downloaded and carry it everywhere I go, so 1 GB is plenty of space for me. I have about 10 GB of music stored on my hard drive and all I have to do is plug the player in, swap out files as if it were a folder, and take the player out...done. I have about 220 songs on it at the moment and a few jpegs that I wanted to put on my laptop.There is a very extensive menu where you can chose from about 12 different languages, 6 or so EQ settings (you can even set a custom user EQ setting), you can turn on "bass boost" and all that, you can change the way the songs are stored and navigated, and the way songs are displayed, you can change the amount of time that passes before the backlighting turns off to save power, and you can change the amount of time the passes before it turns off when paused (that's how it turns off-pause it and after a short period of your chosing, it turns off).The ear buds are actually quite nice for ear buds. They sound much better than other earbuds I've had. It seems like they put some effort into them.Now, the one reason I didn't give this thing 5 stars is something that is pretty inconvenient. Although it says absolutely nothing about these things in the manual, if you are running Windows XP, you must have SP2 installed and make sure all your USB drivers are updated. I only found this out after calling Samsung the first time. Then, when I plugged the player into my front USB port, it still didn't work, I called a second time. Only then did they tell me that the player MUST be plugged into the main root of the USB, not one of the periphery ports routed through the hub. If you are using a desktop, this is in the back. I had to unplug my printer to plug in the player. Since I have a laptop with a solitary USB port, I'll just plug the player into my laptop to avoid unplugging my printer everytime I want to swap songs out, but what kills me is there is not one mention of any of this in the Quick Start Guide or the 26 page pdf manual (nothing). That's all over now, so at this point I'm just enjoying a sweet little mp3 player that's about the size of a pack of gum.Oh, and to charge it up, you just leave it in the USB port for about 20 minutes and the thing is charged for about 14 hours. You may not like that feature, but I love it. There are no cords, no AC/DC adapter, nothing.I advise getting this player, but be aware of the USB thing. Don't freak out if you plug it into the front of your desktop and nothing happens.
I love the idea of this, play my iPod's superior line-out audio signal through my car's stereo, while keeping the unit charged. My TSX's AUX AUDIO port is in the armrest right above a 12V charger port, so SendStation's design is perfect for my application.UNFORTUNATELY ... this unit failed right out of the package, only the right channel plays, and there's a noticeable buzz or whine from the audio when the iPod's drive is spinning up.___________________Two Week UpdateAn email exchange with the manufacturer resulted in a replacement being posted directly to me, and arrived in, I think, a week. Not bad for Air Mail. The replacement unit works fine. Pictures coming....When initially connecting my iPod Classic (2009) to the SmartCharge, with accessory power enabled, there's a very quiet little "bzzzZZZT!" power leak sound. This dissipated in a moment, and I wasn't able to duplicate it. It may simply be an anomaly during initial use.The kit comes with a docking connector cover to protect the pins, and a self-tying Velcro strap for the USB-Dock cable. Only thing missing here isa 3.5mm audio cable(the linked product is one of a multitude, shop around for quality and price), but you can hardly shop for iPod accessories without tripping over a cheap mini-plug patch cable. Anything more than $10 or so is outrageous (are you listening, Monster?).
I recently brought the 60GB version from J and R. It is more bulky than the average MP3 player or the video IPOD. However, it is more elegant than the pictures reveal. It is somewhat garish with its red color and the size and dimensions are big so that is impractical if one wants to carry it in the pocket. On the other hand it works beautifully with Windows, does not need itunes and has the drag and drop functionality when connected to the PC. In addition, you can delete and organize files without the computer. I have been listening to the MP3 player in my car nd it plays beautifully. The shuffle function works well. There are several different folders that lets one organize pictures and videos. I also downloaded all the pictures from my camera using the SD card slot. The display is wide and resolution is good. Overall, excellent and works well!
Cons:- a little heavier and thicker than I might have thought. I've tried to excerise with it in my pocket and it just got in the way.- earphone cord is too short.- The mp3 playlist plays only the songs within a certain folder. So I had to take all 1500 songs, previously well-grouped in folder by artist, add the artist's names to the files, and put them all into one folder. A bit of a pain, but now everything's fine.- Despite having 60GB, my player can't save mp3 playlists so it has to reload all 1500 songs every time.- Although it advertises that it plays AVIs, I've never been able to get it to play them. I had to convert everything into DIVX format, which meant I had to buy the DIVX converter.- The joystick is a little touchy and tends to jump several times in one touch. It takes a little while to acquire the finness.PROS:- I like the fact that it looks so different from the IPOD. It's still clean looking, and I actually like the chrome.- It's cheaper than an IPOD!- I used in on a trip to Peru where I needed to download photos I had taken. Taking the chip and inserting it into the MVP was VERY easy!- There's a built-in mic for memo or voice recording.- It seems rather sturdy for what it is. I've droppped it several times and it seems quite hearty- Interface is easy to use.- More video formats than IPOD- it comes with its own external speaker, although sound quality is not great.I would still recommend this over an IPOD. It's a little bulky and you have to transfer AVIs to DIVX, but it does everything quite well.
Just so you will know, I tried this product out for about an hour with a company representative patiently answering all of my questions and guiding me through its many functions. He even explained some of the designers' philosophy.The MVP has got to be the most feature-laden MP3 player ever conceived. Indeed, it is a video player, an MP3 player, an external hard drive, a repository for digital pictures, a digital voice recorder, a mini boombox, and an ebook reader (of sorts). Put all of this in a garish red package ("Ferrari" red, I was informed by the product rep.), and you could have a Swiss Army knife for the digital guerilla.In theory, you can use it to play most popular (compressed) video formats, such as MPEG-4 (but not H-264).You can also copy over almost all non-protected audio formats (pretty much everything except FLAC, Apple Lossless, and RealOne formats). AAC and WMA together on one player at last!!You can move pictures right from your digital camera's CompactFlash, SD, MemoryStick or whatever, and view them (with zoom and rotate available). The MVP will even display photos shot in most cameras' RAW format. You can selectively erase photos on the camera medium card; files can be copied in both directions using the MVP.The unit comes with a remote control that can be used not just for playback but for presentations when the unit is hooked up to an external monitor or projector. Not only can audio, still pictures and videos be diplayed, but so can text files.No special software is needed to transfer files either from camera cards or your computer. In fact, your computer (Windows, Mac, or Linux) will just see the MVP as an external hard drive.While bearing some resemblance to the Swiss Army knife in red form and metaphorical function, the MVP lacks one basic element that its red Helvetic cousin possesses (OK, besides a toothpick). That is ease-of-use.I found the MVP's user interface frustrating. No doubt one could get used to using it, but I could not in a hour and I usually catch on to such things quickly. I was never able to successfully get the song or video I wanted on the thing. The controls consist of three buttons, one dial (the volume dial doubles as a zoom for pictures), and a vexing "joystick" like navigator that is intended to control the scrolling through pictures and files, but which simply makes me think of how elegant the iPod interface is in contrast. In addition, the "menu" and "escape" buttons ("back" would have been a nicer, less engineery name for the latter) are located in such a way that it was difficult to touch them without shifting the unit in my hand. This pretty much means that I ended up using BOTH hands to use the unit often.Rummaging through file folders or a similar heirarchical filing system is more frustrating when in a hurry than the multiple playlist system on an iPod.For me, the user interface provided enough frustration that I passed on the MVP, despite a hefty discount that was offered at the time of my hands-on demo.However, the video and audio playback both seemed quite good, and the ability to use the MVP as a camera storage device without any add-ons certainly makes it unique. The company representative who gave me my demo said that they intended the MVP to be something of a substitute for those who would need to take a computer with them on a weekend getaway or vacation. It does seem ideal for that. While it is a bit bulky for pocket carrying, and certainly is not as inconspicuous as other MP3 players, the MVP seems like a good personal entertainment companion for the person who can get used to the user interface.
There are many things I like about the player: nice sound, easy control,sturdy unit, many formats, HUGE storage, voice recording, easy recharge, etc.There are a few things I don't like:- The ferrari red color very distracting;- Size: way too big comparing to other 2-digit GB devices;- Windows XP won't remove the device;- No resume-play function. If I power off the unit in the middle of playing, when I power it back on it shows the whole playlist again. I have to manually find where I left off.For 3-4 hundred dollars I really expect it to be better. IPod misses a few things as well. I just haven't found the perfect mp3 player yet.
When I decided I wanted an mp3 player, I did quite a bit of research because for as much as they all cost, I wanted it to work exactly the way I wanted. I wanted video support and at least 60 gigs of space. I wanted to be able to easily transfer any kind of file from computer to computer. I wanted to use this as a backup/storage device as much as listening to it; so if the hard drive on my PC crashes I can still have my mp3 collection that I can upload back on to a new HD. According to all the reviews I've read the Wolverine seemed to be more dependable and have fewer annoyances.Reasons why I did NOT go with the following brands: (I did not actually own any of these, just did a lot of reading up)Ipod:- Have to use iTunes to manage your collection and transfer songs; have to convert all mp3's to m4a's.- Have to BUY QuickTime Pro just to convert movies to watch on the iPod, or buy the videos off iTunes (which you cant share with others)- Everyone says the first time you wipe the screen to clean it you see a million tiny scratches.- Quite a few complaints about the system failing after a few months or a year.- Bad technical support reported.- No AC Power adapter included which you need to recharge it.- Not to mention, this is more expensive than all the other brands already.- Battery can only be recharged so many times and you cannot replace it yourself, you have to send it into Apple, pay shipping costs and labor costs for them doing the work, instead of simply being able to buy your own battery and put it in yourself.Cowon iAudio X5:- Maximum number of files allowed is 10,000. Why make a hard drive that can hold 15,000 songs and limit the number to 10,000? I don't get it. This was my only complaint about this product and I would have seriously considered buying this if it wasn't for that limit.Creative Nomad Zen Xtra:- Seems to be Discontinued...- Headphone Jack seems to easily break according to reviews- Unit seems to easily break- No VideoToshiba Gigabeat MEG F60S: (MES60VK wasn't out yet, but looks pretty decent)- No Video- Mp3's must be converted to ".SAT" format and cannot be put back on the computer or on a different computer. Sorry, next brand...iRiver:- biggest one is 40gig. What a shame. My music collection is 45 gigs and I want some extra space for videos.Reasons why I like the WOLVERINE MVP-9060 over other players- Plug-and-play & Drag-and-drop. Plug it into a rear USB Port and drag and drop your files just like moving them from one folder to another on the computer. Done. No converting, no software to install, and they transfer pretty quickly. One thing is, the base folders must be organized like \Data, \Media, \Backup, and \System; and \Media is further divided into \Music, \Photos, \Videos, and \Voice. But it's quite self-explanatory and not really a limitation or annoyance.- AC power adapter included.- Replaceable battery.- Audio and Video Jacks included. I didn't even know this at the time but you can hook it straight up to your stereo system and play it through the speakers, and also hook up the screen to your TV while choosing songs and such. (also to watch videos and view pictures) If I'm not mistaken, if you wanted to do this with an iPod you have to buy an entire stereo system just for the iPod that is another $300. Along with buying Quicktime, and a AC Power adapter, you're getting all these features on a Wolverine for $350 and the same features on an iPod would cost you $750, not to mention all your songs, videos and stereo system is all converted to Apple mode and isn't compatible with anything else. No thanks!- For people like me who have massive music collections and want their ENTIRE music collection on their player, they have great hard drive capacities. This unit is available in 60, 80, 100, and 120 gig hard drives. Twice as big as any other company offers. If I had too much money that I knew what to do with I probably would have got the 120 gig one.- The 7-in-1 data card reader is very nice. I dont need to worry about my usb-camera cable or installing the camera software to get my photo's on a pc.Cons with the WOLVERINE- Bulky compared to other Mp3 players, but still is a good size I think. I used to put a portable CD player in my pocket and this is slightly more than half the size. I have big pockets.- Filenames only display the first 30 characters. This was the main issue for me but I got around it. My files were originally all in one folder named like this: "Artist - Album - Track # - Song Title," so almost all the titles would be cut off in the middle of the album name, sometimes even on the artist name. However, I organized my collection into separate folders for each artist, and if the album names were long, then separate folders for each album. It's much easier to find stuff on my computer now, and on the wolverine too because I couldn't imagine scrolling through 10-15 thousand songs in the same folder, it would take an hour to find what you wanted.- When you put it on "random" it only plays the current folder. To get around this IcemanJ loads every single song into Winamp, shuffles the playlist, takes only the first 100 or 500 songs and saves the playlist IN THE ROOT \MUSIC FOLDER and then COPIES it to the root music folder of the Wolverine. You CANT save it straight to the wolverine because the m3u file will write full filename paths to the music on your computer and it is _most likely_ not in folders called &lt;root>\Media\Music unless you specifically set it up like that. You can do this many times for a different random playlist every day, and delete the old ones when you get more in your collection. It is very simple.- Temporary playlists are kind of weird. You don't want to have everything in the same folder because it will always "pre-load" everything in the folder when you play one song in it and that is unnecessary and probably wasting the battery. You can go to "play in background" and add songs in order when the current one finishes but it still has to finish the folder for the first song you added. So you have to skip to the newest song you added, but only after the first song. Not that big of a deal. I'm just picky.- (Edit, July 30) Took me a month to figure out how to pause a song (simply press the joystick in while listening)- The FPS for the video is noticeably slower than a TV or Computer screen's FPS. And some of my videos don't take up the whole screen, it looks like they could be proportionally enlarged. Oh well.- It displays ID3 Tags, but only ID3v2 so if your mp3 has ID3v1 it won't display.So far, what I've read has been pretty accurate, and I think the pros outweigh the cons on this unit compared to other brands. I'm satisfied.Happy Hunting,IcemanJ
This unit is a very good buy for the price.  It gives you the option to play music, videos, and view pictures.  The compatability of the picture viewer is pretty complete.  It handles many of the different RAW formats as well as all the standard image formats.  When viewing the pictures you can see the EXIF data at the bottom of the image (or turn it off if you wish).The interface is very simplistic.  It has 7 options at the main menu, Music, Pictures, Video (these three take you into the respective directories on the Hard Disk), Backup which gives you the options for copying data from a data card, Options, Audio Record (from the built in mic, or input on side), and the Wolverine (which directly browses the Hard Disk).  When you put in a storage disk an 8th option shows up that allows you to browse that disk just as you do the Hard Disk.I found that this unit can also open text files and view them.Play lists are limited, but do work.  It allows you to use WinAmp Play lists (maybe others, but I only tried WinAmp), although I have not found a way to create or edit a playlist on the unit itself.For playing MP3s your only option is to view them in the same format as you would on the computer, folder by folder.  The Random play function only plays THAT folder or playlist random, not ALL available.  The filename also is limited to about 30 characters, and does not scroll.  If your filename is longer then that you will have to play it to find out what it is.  If the CDDB data is stored in the MP3 then the unit appears to show it at the bottom of the play screen (Group, Album, Song name).  Across the top it shows an Graphic EQ.  There is an EQ with built in presets, but I have found that most of them just sound off, I may be a bit more of a purist.Power managment is very well done.  When playing MP3s the unit will read the MP3 into memory then spin down the hard disk.  It also appears to read in the first few seconds of the next song to allow to smooth transition into the next song.  The display also turns itself off after X seconds and can be reactivated with any key stroke.  You can lock the keys with a MENU, Lock Keys option, and unlock with two key presses.  They also use a REMOVABLE battery that is similar to those used in digital cameras.  Great for carrying a replacment.Audio is pretty good, and gives good overall responce to highs and lows.  I have not had too many problems with something sounding tinny or bassey.The carrying case, if you can call it that, is HUGE.  It over doubles the size of the unit.  The whole top half of the clam shell case is the electronics for the speaker and a small 2in diamater speaker.  This speaker is not bad for what you get.  It has minimal lows (but what can you expect from a 2in speaker) and sounds ok for carrying around.The unit is also plug and play compatable with Windows ME, 2000 sp3, and XP.  When you plug it in the unit is not usable from the player at all, it is only a storage device at that point.  Plugged in you see the Hard Disk and the 4 card slots.  No extra software needed, very, very nice.Photo Viewer - JPEG/TIFF/BMP/RAW(Most Brands of camera)Video formats - MPEG/MPEG-4/DivX-5.xAudio formats - MP3/WMA/AAC/WAV, M3U Playlist
Bought this product primarily for photo storage so I haven't yet used the other features. I used it on a trip to Alaska where I took hundreds of pictures. Instead of having to buy numerous memory cards, I was able to transfer photos to the Woverine & re-use the memory card. Then, I loaded the photos onto my computer. The Wolverine screen is easy to read & the instructions are good. I've been a little disappointed with the battery life as I have to re-charge it frequently. However, it is a great companion for those wanting to store photos, music & videos all in one unit.
The Wolverine MVP is a fascinating piece of technology.... rougher around the edges then the video iPod, the current benchmark for Personal Video Players, but still very useful. It is a USB 2.0 device which functions as 60/100gb hard drive, mp3 player and video player. It has a lot of functions which I won't get into there, but will highlight my personal reaction.PRO: (1) uses a 2.5 drive, which means it is probably upgradable, (2) it uses a user replacable digital camera battery which means that battery life is not a problem (I priced them at $5 for generics on eBay, (3) the built-in flash memory card slots work really well and are the best thing about this product.CONS: (1) the unit is largish but understandable given the drive and slots, (2) the finish is bright red shiny plastic, a bit garnish, but cool in a retro way, (3) the unit locked up a couple of times apparently because of mp3 file format, but I couldn't quite figure it out, (4) same problem with video file formats, won't show some files, but I didn't have it long enought to figure it out.CONCLUSION: The interface will scare off those used to the iPod's, but it is quite similar to that on the Archos, gMini personal video players. So  if you like the styling and the plastic finish, the screen is decent, although not as good as the video iPod. I didn't keep the unit, because I have an iPod for digital camera files and don't need the video functionality. The video output was quite good when hooked up to a screen, although there were artifacts when the scene had a lot of motion.TIP FOR iTunes OSX users: I used the program SyncTunes to transfer over my mp3 files from my iTunes collection. The playlist didn't make it but the file structure was preserved.
I have one of those beautiful red things. It looks cheap but it is not. I spent 30 days in Europe taking 100 pictures a day (avg) and it did the work beautifuly. I am a brazilian and here in Rio is hot. Even, it works great. Played a lot of videos straight from my hd (divx included), music ok. And it's 100Gb so I think it will never be full. 30 days 30Gigs of pic. and movies. It makes full backups and not just pict. I had a CF and SD cards, no problem as it reads all kind of formats. PnP in 2000 and XP it works like a charm. The video can't give you the exactely way the picture will look like in a computer but its ok. Zoom is good and you can see if foto is ok. Battery takes 10-15Gigs easily (at least when new)If you take pictures and are looking for storage (doesn't matter your cam/card) do not look anywhere anymore, but it now!
I bought this unit to take along with me on a trip to Korea, and it performed well for me.  I had no problems "uploading" my Nikon D200 photos (4GB kingston compact flash cards) on a regular basis. I took a lot of photos, I usual do.  On this trip I did not want to bring my laptop, yet needed an alternative to buying 15 compact flash cards, which by the way wasn't a real viable alternative that I was considering.  The screen is good for reviewing photos, enough to know "they made it" and it even could render the NEF (RAW) files.A couple of negatives, though very small ones, are:- It would have been nicer to keep the JPG and NEF files apart (separate folders perhaps?).  I usually shoot JPG+NEF so this device displays "duplicate" images while reviewing - the large NEF files tend to take a while loading, so really slows down reviewing lots of photos.  This is more of a nit.- A little more serious problem, though still a small one, is that the power button and the case (which comes with the unit) tend to align in such a way that the power button can be "held down" long enough for the unit to power on, say, when it's in your luggage!  I learned this one day the hard way. I had just charged the unit up before leaving Seoul and set off for Busan.  The wolverine was packed-away in my luggage.  The next evening, in Busan, its battery was completely dead.  Luckily, I was in a place where I could power it with the A/C adapter, however had I been "on the road" and needing it, it would have been a *very* disappointing experience.  After that, I wedged a little bent piece of cardboard over the power button. This helped protect the unit from being accidentally turned on, which worked fine.  I would suggest on the re-design (follow-on model) that the power-on button be recessed to help protect it from accidental power-on.Otherwise, the unit is a great success.  One morning in a small coastal port town in the south of Korea, I walked the market activities with this unit recording audio.  Very cool, and decent quality also!I'm happy enough using this unit that I still use it at home instead of going straight to the laptop.  Later, during my quality laptop time.  I can then download several "rolls" at once, treating this Wolverine as my USB drive.One other comment, though this device is supposed to play music and even videos to some extent, I would not replace my iPod with it.  Reasons: it is larger than an iPod, and its user interface is not nearly as elegant.  So I end up keeping my music and my photos separate - and I'm happy with that!
Keeps my nano from getting scratched and marred. Excellent fit allows me use of all iPod controlls without having to remove it from the case. Looks great, too!
The Mvix MV-4000U is a combination external hard drive enclosure/media player.  You insert any 3.5" IDE hard drive into it, connect it via USB to your computer, and transfer over your music, photos and videos.  Then you connect the stylish little device (it's less than 8 inches tall) to your TV or home theater system and enjoy all of your media in your living room or home theater without the need for a dedicated home theater PC.The Mvix player supports JPG and MP3 files, of course (for photos and music), but it also supports pretty much all of the most popular video file formats including AVIs (with Divx or Xvid encoding), MPEG-1, MPEG2 and MPEG-4, as well as DVD rips (in both ISO and IFO format).If you've got a growing collection of music, movies and photos on your computer, and you'd like the convenience and quality of being able to enjoy these on your home stereo, TV or home theater system, then check out the Mvix MV-4000U.  Also worth consideration is its slightly more feature-packed sibling the MV-5000U which adds a small LCD display and support for wireless broadcast of your audio content over FM frequencies.For a comprehensive review, check out www.bigpicturebigsound.com.
I recently picked up the 4000U and I couldn't be happier.  I loaded a bunch of photos, mp3s and a couple movies onto it and it works like a champ.  I've been looking at a media solution for quite some time and this product is exactly what I was looking for.  The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because the interface is a little hokey.  The firmware upgrade from 1.3 to 1.36 is a big improvement, but I would like to see some area to put CD or DVD cover art so you could just click on the picture and it would launch the media.
The MVIX 4000U is a great product for the price. I wasn't sure what to expect from it when I received it in the mail. Inside the box includes Unicorn's latest version of the remote, a set of RCA cables, a power cord, a USB 2 cable and of course--the MVIX 4000U.The MVIX, itself, is quite sturdy. If you have any experience at all with computers, you will easily be able to install a hard drive into it. I bought a 400 Gigabyte Seagate hard drive and was able to put it in with relative ease. Actually the hardest thing about the installation was opening up the case to put in the hard drive. Once I figured it out though, installation was a breeze. I then proceeded to hook up the hard drive to my computer and format the disc. This also was not very difficult and there are nice directions in the manual for those technologically challenged.I recommend setting up a file system on the hard drive itself for ease of navigation. I personally separated everything into different files. I made files for movies, music, and television shows. There is a button on the remote called the 'media' button that will separate out different file formats if you don't feel like doing that. I hardly even use that button because I created different files for all my varied formats.It is a decent piece of equipment. Another great feature is when I fill up my hard drive, I can just replace the drive and put in a new one very easily.The drive can play 5.1 surround sound with the proper cable. The casing is aesthetically pleasing to look at.There are some problems with this unit. It does not play some of my AVI formats and it does not play some of my WMA formats. When I upgraded the firmware, it was easy, but it didn't fix all the problems that the MVIXUSA website said that it would. The 'Recycle Bin' extension is still on the menu which is a little annoying. When you flip through some video files, the sound will play but the picture won't catch up to the sound and suddenly it will just stop playing. I've had to restart the show that I was just watching and watch it from the beginning again.The USB 2 is a little slow. That of course has been fixed with the higher models, where you can connect via network, or wirelessly. However since this is the lower version of this model, I did not expect it to do any of that.The remote is a little difficult to use. I noticed in previous reviews that the remote that used to come with the unit was very small and awkward for people with big fingers to use. This remote does not have that problem. After some trial and error I figured out that the 'Page Up' and the 'Page down' button will flip through to the next movie on the drive. The skip button works like a chapter button and will skip ahead a few minutes in the movie.Another problem with this product is the website touts how the product has resolutions of up to 1080p. It does, but annoyingly enough, the box does not include component cables for those HD minded. How unfortunate.Finally, I put about six black and white JPEGs on the MVIX just to see how they would look for picture viewing. That experience I would soon forget. The pictures had this greenish tint to them and did not show up clearly on my televison. Ugh.To sum it all up, for the price, the MVIX 4000U has the best bang for its buck. It works well for the file formats that it supports and after I bought component cables for my television, it looks great on my HDTV. While the USB 2 may be slow, it performs its function well enough, and you will be zooming through movies and music in no time at all. If you want the LCD screen though, and network access, I recommend that you buy the next step up or higher.  The newest model broadcasts wirelessly over your network which is awesome.
Works excellent, provides great protection, etc.  Thre were 2 slight problems:1. the rubber edges get dirty easily (if you read a newspaper while listning to ipod, do not touch your case)2. the belt clip is very cheap and broke off mine within 2 weeks, but never really used it anyways...
I received the product and charged its battery, but the display not turn on the light and I can not see any information to set the songs and others functions oh this device. How I live in another country I thought very difficult to claim warranty and I decided to be tranquil with my harm. Unfortunately that was the fisrt time happen with me, because all products that I bought in Amazon came well. That was the motive that I did not claim. I'll continue to making business in Amazon and I hope not have this kind of problem again.
I bought this from Target, and it works great for me. I live 30 miles out of NYC where there are a lot of FM stations, so finding an empty one was tough. I found a great one listed on the Belkin website. It was a 2nd choice station. Yes there is a hiss until the radio and transmitter sync. then sound is great. Yes, I think a dock would have been great to help with music selection, but others that had that were more then I wanted to spend. I also didn't see the ipod nano 3g listed as being compatible on thoses boxes as it is on this Belkin. Enjoy
I have had this product for about a month and had a chance to play with the stations. The product does come clear for the most part. I have noticed that static comes on the station I use when a big rig truck. Other than that Bilken has on their website all the stations that work well in your area. That helped me in the Boston area to find to really good stations that get almost no interference unless I am near an area or a truck that sends out about the same level of frequency that the transmitter does thus causing static. The static is there during those times but it does not drown out what you are listening to. I would recommend this product if you are in the market for an affordable transmitter that works well as long as you go into expecting it is going to take some working with inorder to get the perfect station(s).
Even though it can only set up two FM, but I think it's enough.Just set the right channel for I & II,and switch off easily to set II with a click without changing the whole system.My friend had been using it for more than two years, and it still works!It's pretty good with this price (it used to be 50 dollars! o_O)It's east to plug in (unlike my first one-Macally PodFM transmitter, it's soo easy to break the tip cause it's hard to plug it into the smoker thing)I think it's great : )
I bought this product with a little trepidation, as I'd heard mixed reviews of iPod FM tuners. Thankfully, none of the problems I feared materialized, although the product isn't perfect.Pros:* Fits any iPod, pretty much, so you can continue to use it over time.* Cables are long enough to position the transmitter in a convenient place, but not so long as to be cumbersome.* Two frequency settings, which are very easy to set.* The signal is very clear. Not as clear as a line input would be, granted, but very good nonetheless. I had no problems when tuning the transmitter to either a vacant (static) frequency or an occupied one. I had no problems with interference while driving, either.Cons:* The transmitter needs its own power switch. It powers on when it receives sound from the iPod, but then it takes a second or three for the signal to be picked up my the radio. The result: you miss the first couple of seconds of the song after you first turn on the iPod. If you could power on the transmitter manually, you could then turn on the iPod when you start to hear "nothing" on the radio.So, it's not perfect, but it does what it's supposed to much better than I expected. In short, it's a keeper.
I have one, and I bought this one for my husband's iPod recently purchased for his birthday.  It works just as well as mine.
I really like this. I recently bought an ipod clock/alarm radio, paid twice as much and the sound quality was substantially inferior. For its size and price, the sound is pretty good. I don't mind that it does not charge the ipod, you can easily buy a cheap one on here or ebay for about $5-$10. As for the user who said his ipod died, its because he/she didn't read the prominent label which you peel directly off where you plug in your ipod. I have an ipod mini, and I made sure to follow its directions. It only makes sense. I also found the AC adapter to be very convenient. Its size is compact and portable, not much longer than a hardcover novel. You can also plug it into other audio devices.
These little speakers are a bargain. They deliver only 2 watts per channel, but it seems plenty loud in a room, providing extremely clear/clean sound. I really like the iPod charger feature, which was the primary reason for buying, but I was disappointed that it is not 220/240 volt capable - my only complaint. It seems that every AC adapter theses days is suitable for international travel, but not this one. Otherwise, it does what it is supposed to rather well.
I bought this a week ago and it works great for me. I live 30 miles out of NYC where there are a lot of FM stations, so finding an empty one was tough. I found a great one listed on the Belkin website. It was a 2nd choice station. Yes there is a hiss until the radio and transmitter sync. then sound is great. Yes, I think a dock would have been great to help with music selection, but others that had that were more then I wanted to spend. I also didn't see the ipod nano 3g listed as being compatible on thoses boxes as it is on this Belkin. Enjoy
When I purchased this transmitter, I was a little skeptical about it because there weren't any reviews for this product which I thought it is so bad that no one wanted to purchase it. To my surprise, that wasn't the case at all. This product works just fine and I use it in my car every single day now. It provides really good non-static music (except when you cross frequency with another car). The only thing about it is my little button that helps to detach it from the ipod came off (probably only due to the banging around I did while taking the transmitter in and out) so now I have to use a clip to take it out.As a designer myself, I think this product could go a little bit more sleek and small. The screen has two buttons where you can preset the channel that you want to stay on (unlimited channels). There would be a blue light on a small screen that allows you to see what channel you are on so you can set your radio to it.I have never been a fan of Belkin because I heard a lot of negative experience with this brand before, but as for this transmitter, I will recommend it!
I picked this item up on sale before having a chance to review it.  After reading the three reviews on Amazon.com I was pretty sure I would be returning it.  I live outside of Chicago which means finding an open frequency is not an easy task.  I visited the Belkin site to identify "the best available frequencies in my area."  I was a bit worried because even their first choice had weak reception of another station.  However, once the Ipod was playing, the clarity and volume was wonderful.  NOTE: that the transmitter location did have an effect on the reception, so move it around a bit.  In the past when taking long trips, my daughters have taken a clock radio along in the car to listen to music.  Now we have stereo sound throughout the car which means they can even use the wireless car headphones if they chose.  I have only driven locally the last two days.  If I experience problems while traveling further from home, I will update this review.
The adapter works well with charging (except a charger had to be bought separately). Charging with USB cable will take more time and a computer is required. The video output works well with the tv. The resolution is satisfacory.
We had an inital problem with the adapter, we were then sent a new one in a timely matter.  The new adapter works perfectly.  The seller responded to our problem by not only emails, but also by phone.
The supplier worked fine, and on a very reasonable time, specially because were close to Christmas Holiday.
By using this product i got much clearer sound than the headphone jack of the Zen itself. Better sound is always a plus.
I have had this item for several months now. I happen to travle a lot and I always take it with me....I am just loving it. Recording movies into it is as simple as connecting a USB external hard drive and copy the files into it without the need for installing a software or making any conversion, so it is not time consuming or complicated. It is not too big, but not as small as one of those MP4 and ipod players that in my opinion have a too small screen for watching an entire movie. Its stylus serves as stand, so you do not have to hold it while watching a movie. It recognizes almost all encodings of MPEG and AVI (I would say 80%) which is great. Another great feature is the battery duration (some 5 hours with continuous video playing and more for radio and music). It is kind of resistant as well.However I did not give a 5 star because of the following desirable features that should be added to make it a very complete device:- More games or ways to install additional games.- USB charging so you do not have to carry the bulky AC plug.- Slot for memory expansion would be a great add-on.- Possibility to upgrade OS, firmware or software in order to install additional codecs or make it recognize 100% of avi and mpeg files.- Instead of stylus, would be great to have a flat stand on the back.So it is a great purchase if you (like me) do not like small screens, do not like having to hold the device in your hand for two hours, do not have time for installing additional software and make conversions, and want a fairly good battery duration.It is even better than other newer models of PMP by Coby that do not recognize all files, are more deliacte, battery lasts less, and are bigger (not handy).
What to say, it works. 4 star only because the cable is bulky.
A lot of reviews I saw that it was hard to use but its really pretty easy to use.  If you can't figure it out in 5 seconds than you might as well be using cassettes.  It does the same thing as an ipod and its way cheaper.  It's a little bigger so if size is important to you it may not be the way to go, but I use it in my car and at the gym and it works fine.
The player works well.  Vey well.  The user interface is easy to use, it syns with Windows media player flawlessly, and battery life is very good.  Unfortunately, for about $40 more you can get a refurbished 20 Gig unit.  Most people don' have a library more than 5 Gigs, so, perhaps it doesn't matter.  Again, I am not disappointed.
Coming in at about the size of a cell-phone, this MP3 player has many features that make it quite worth your while.  It also has some drawbacks that keep me from giving it a full 5 stars, but I'm the kind of person who is pretty good at working around some of these shortcomings.PROS:1. 5 gigs!  For this price, it's a steal.2. There are MANY preset EQs for almost all kinds of music.  You can also create your own custom presets.  Sound is quite good.3. Attractive color screen, albeit a bit small.4. Ability to record not only radio, but voice AND a line-in jack.  The only drawback with the line-in recording is that you need to separately purchase the Iriver docking bay, which I have done.  Considering I bought the MP3 unit at Microcenter for 95 dollars, getting the docking bay for 40 still makes this a steal.  I have used this to record live music and it does a pretty amazing job with the setting on high quality.  Also, you can record up to 33 hours with the line-in jack.5. Transferring of files is easy since it is a UMS device, not an MTP one.  Drag and drop.  Couldn't be easier.  (I hate the fact that WMP11 forces you to use their sync when it's an MTP device.)  Also, the sound files do transfer fairly quick at about a second a MB.CONS:1. Really needs to be plugged directly into USB ports on your motherboard.  No hubs or front plugs or it will freeze up when transferring files.2. Earlier firmware had the bass distorting like crazy.  Recent update fixes this problem.3. Earbuds that come with it are so-so.  You'll want to replace these right away.4. Songs fade in before they reach their full volume when switching.  Haven't figured out how to fix this yet or if there is a fix.5. Although it does store TXT and JPG files, I don't really see myself using it for this.  I can't see myself squinting at the small screen to try and read or view anything.6. Takes a long time initializing after you load up a LOT of sound files.Overall, I'm pretty impressed with this player.  I'm like a lot of people and really in the anti-Ipod camp so I'm happy I found this device for the price.  5 gigs is MORE than enough storage for me and I really like the fact that I can use this as a portable recording device for live music with the portable docking station.  The touch sensitive slider is actually quite nice and I like the overall presentation of this player.
NICE ITEM.  TOO BAD I FOUND OUT I DIDN'T NEED IT AFTER I ORDERED IT.  EASY TO ASSEMBLE, AND STURDY.  LOOKS NICE.
I have two of these, one leased and the other subsequently purchased, and they have worked very well. Every such device has occasional problems, but mine have been few and far between with the VIP622, an occasional freeze-up that requires a reboot is about it.
I was concerned about getting this unit based on other's negative experiences, but after a month of use I would say I am a satisfied customer.  As with any hard drive you have your occasional glitches, but fortunately it's rare enough to not interfere with the viewing pleasure.I did have to disconnect the UHF antenna in the back and reprogram my remote because the thing was picking up stray signals from the next town.  For a while I thought the unit had a mind of its own changing channels, turning off and on and recording random shows at will.  Problem was easily fixed.  Being able to record HD shows is what I like best with this unit.Hopefully it will hold up with as hot as it runs, but so far so good even during the summer heat.  I keep it off when I am not using it.
OK as with all reviews , you have to look at the tail end to see if the company has addressed its flaws.  Dish has sent software updates that seem to have fixed the majority of issues in previous reviews.  I've had mine for a year and its only rebooted twice, I lost one show that glitched on the download, and since the last automatic update, its not had any audio or lockup issues. NOTE:  Folks these things have high speed drives in them.  You cant buy one that doesnt make heat.  This thing needs to be in a space that allows air to move in from both sides for proper cooling.  If you put this in any form of cabinet, it will never run right.  All DVR's are prone to this issue.  Dish actually does improve thiers with updates and fixes.It works Very well on two TV's, we 've recorded countless items and do so from both TV's and remotes with little issue.  Remember with two tuners it can record two shows at the same time.  The HD image is great, just as good as over the air HD, and the sound is good.  ( I dont have the HDMI 5.1 system to test that portion)  It ssimple enough my two elementary age kids run it.  I have friends with DirecTV and Tivo, they dont have many of the features I have, and not one of them has gone more than a few months without a product warranty exchange.  Mine is doing fine.The biggest Cons:  The power save mode is a joke.  It makes no difference, the thing never sleeps.  The fan does come on if the room is over 73 degrees or so.  This might be heard by some people.  And the need to have the phone plugged in all the time (or pay $6 /mo) is really getting old.  Hey Dish...put some Wifi or enable that ethernet port so you can update my useage via my broadband.Go ahead and get one...you'll enjoy the fact that DISH actually will answer the tech lines and talk to you.  DISH has been a much bettter experience than DirecTV that I had for years before switching.
It's high-tech with easy to use commands, good remote control/recording features, excellent HD picture quality and reasonable amount of HD recordable space.Technical problems I've had:* Once a month the sound stops working and I have to reboot, it happens while watching a program.* Sometimes while watching a recorded show the receiver freezes and reboots itself. If I watch the same program again it reboots at the exact same position. If I fastforward ahead of the "crashing" position I can continue to watch the program.* It runs hot, so make sure that it is not located in an enclosed space, or you may have more problems.* Audio thru HDMI is only stereo and not 5.1. This is supposed to be fixed in the future with a software update.I owned Dish PVR in the past, I would not buy the ViP622, rather lease it, it may be a little flakey.
I would not say that this DVR is junk as some reviewers have stated, although I had the HDMI port on my ViP622 DVR go out about a year and a half after I got the receiver.  I got mine directly from Dish so they replaced it for free no questions asked.  They overnighted me a new unit.  The DVR features are not nearly as good as my ReplayTV box, (nothing else matches RelpayTV's interface in my opinion), but they are adequate and at least as good as anything else on the market with the possible exception of the Tivo interface.  I have been a Dish customer for over 10 years, I have two of their boxes and have had very good luck with their hardware.  I think this is the first failure I have had.  I have had nothing but excellent customer service from Dish the entire time I have been a customer.
I had this DVR for a couple of years before I moved and canceled Dish Network.  I recorded and watched hundreds of hours of TV on this thing and it was always great.  It has a great set of features, is now compatible with a networked GoogleTV device [...] and I liked this better than the Tivo DVR one of my friends had at the same time.  This was by far my favorite satellite receiver that I have ever had.
DISH Network's ViP722 and ViP622 DVRs have a lot of great features, including the ability to tune local ATSC (digital over-the-air) stations and use all of the DVR features on them.However, they neglected to enable the QAM (digital TV on cable) tuner capability that's built into the ViP's chipset -- and is found in even the cheapest TV sold at Wal-Mart.Why would they leave out such a basic feature out of their top-of-the-line DVR?
This lock works as advertised.  It is small and unobtrusive so that it can be easily transported.  Moreover, it is extremely easy to use.  However, it does have one glaring security weakness.  Namely, the tumblers do not automatically reset once you unlock your iPod.  If you take the lock with you, this is not a problem.  However, there is a high probability that users like me who leave the lock at work will unlock their iPods and leave the lock on their desks where anyone with access can view it.  If you do not manually turn the tumblers after unlocking your iPod, this means that your combination will be in plain site for any unscrupulous individual who will then be able to take off with your iPod the next time you have it locked on your desk unattended.
The interface works well, I don't have any problems navigating through my IPOD menu, though it is different.  I do wish that the song ID would pop to the screen as a default setting to mimic the IPOD GUI.Regarding the installation: it was a piece of cake, but I wish the long IPOD cable would detach from the interface unit, that would give you more through dash options.
El interfase para iPod funciona muy bien el sonido es excelente no hay perdida de nitidez en el audio y la forma de instalacion es sencilla si se conoce de instalacion de audio en automoviles.Una vez que se conecta el iPod solo puede ser utilizado por medio del radio, el menu es un poco inflexible para buscar determinada pieza o artista, si lo usa para escuchar musica aleatoriamente no tendra ningun problema. El titulo no capta mas de 8 caracteres al menos en radio con pantalla de una sola linea.Una ventaja es que el iPod inicia a sonar cuando enciende el radio si esta conectado, no hay que quitar la pausa cada vez como en otros sistemas.El manual referencia la operacion del iPod a un solo modelo de radio, los de los demas si acaso incluye una tabla para ubicarse.
Although this unit will only display the first 8 characters of a track, I have found that by starting the album or song you wish to hear first (while the ipod is unplugged) and then plugging it back into the adapter, your car stereo will start playing whatever you selected.  While it would be nice to have more functionality as far as searching artists, songs, etc.  I don't have any other complaint about the unit.  I have about 30 gigs of music on my iPod and I usually have an idea of what I want to hear before I get into my car, so its not a major problem for me.  Also, I have found that by creating playlists of my favorite songs in each genre on the ipod and playing from those playlists,I save a ton of time searching through the head unit.
Basically, it's like this:  if you have a Pioneer head-unit and an iPod, you NEED to buy this.  Now.  Not only do you get full control over the iPod, but you get to see the artist, album, song title, time elapsed, time remaining, and progress bar if your HU supports it (my AVICZ1 does).  Besides the basic ability to control your iPod through the HU, it looks cool, it feels cool, and it's great being able to glance down and quickly see what's playing.My only complaint is it's SLOW.  No, it's not the head unit that's slow, it's the cd-IB100ii box.  Ya see, instead of mounting the iPod as a drive and accessing the database directly (like iTunes does), it connects over a unique serial/analog connection.  This is done for a few reasons I'd expect, but mainly so that the iPod is still actually doing the playing (so you can play your protected, purchased music).  The downside to this is it takes FOREVER to access, read, and display even a single page of the database.  Granted, it's faster than the original cd-IB100, but if you think you can just scroll down to Paul Oakenfold under Artists, you are horribly mistaken.  Basically, as long as you only access playlists you've created on the computer, the lag is bearable (as you won't be manually scanning through hours of pages to find your song).Note, the iPod screen is "locked" while connected, so you cannot get around this by using the iPod to navigate.  You *CAN* however undock the iPod, pull up a track, start it playing then doc it again, and it'll continue playing from there.
Overall, this unit is pretty nice.  It is kinda a pain to run all of the wires, but it makes the music sound so much better than those iTrips do.  I have a 96 accord coupe with a pioneer dph 7700 deck, and it installed exactly the way they advertised it. I ran the wires down through the center of the dash, under the cup holders, and sat the unit inside my center console (after notching a piece of plastic with my dremel tool to run the wires in). Then I ran the iPod wire back the way the other wires came from up into my glove box.  That way, since you don't use the iPod to control the music ( though I wish you could), its out of the way and no wires are exposed when not in use.  Overall, nice product.  I just wish it wasn't necessary in the first place.  Most other companies have a jack on the front of the deck to plug an iPod in directly.  Like I said, I just wish you could use the ipod to scroll through music since the deck can have a lag when scrolling fast.
I just got my CD-IB100II and I was bummed when I found out that I couldn't control my iPod manually and how slow it is to control from the deck, but then I read the review by Daniel Lu and the trick he described to gain control of your iPod worked perfectly! It totally makes it worth buying now. Great sound quality + charging, can't beat it.
Cute.!!This I pod it is so cute, and it is not heavy.I recommended
This product is really quite good for the price.  Sure maybe the battery life could be longer, and the instructions could be clearer as they are written in poor english, but overall this product delivers.It works without flaw with WMP11 also which is good for me.  Though one slight drawback is it only holds 99 songs in a folder, so you have to create different folders to make full use of it.  Still its far better than creating CD's and lugging around a portable CD player.  This fits in my pocket nicely.  Plus it has come in handy since my CD player in the car quit working, rather than get a new player for the card, I simply got a cigarette lighter FM transmitter and I'm enjoying my tunes with this little device.Highly recommend if you can to pick one of these up.  Its a far better value than any name brand out there for what it can do.  Heck it even can do voice recording or simply be used as a thumb drive for transporting other files.What more could you ask for under $50.
has only 962mb free and not 1gb free. also manual is ok and you have to use the menu key held down as the selector which is counterintuitive. this comes with no software -- use mympxplayer for the three pieces you need, mainly amv convert tool 3.68, the mp4 player utilities to format this box and s1fw for the firmware flasher. remember to delete the resource forks on macosx or you mp3s from apples downloaded to this device wont play. it uses a 2.5mm jack so you need a convertor for big headphones.
I travel alot and I love to bring my music with me. Up until I bought this, I was traveling with a portable CD player and all of my best CD's. It didn't matter if I consolidated all of my good music into a few mix CD's, it was still a pain to cart around all that plastic. I now believe that CD's and portable CD players are a waste of space. Of course you want your hard copies but at this price, leave 'em at home and carry only this. It's light weight and serves it's purpose well. It may not be the fancy Ipod you've always wanted but compared to other cheapo mp3 players, this one has some great features. A voice recorder, fm radio, it supports WMA and MP3 files as well as playlists and file folders.I did alot of shopping around to find the best deal and this is what I came up with. I can fit about 20 full CD's on it. The sound is pretty good too. It could use a little more bass but it has an equalizer with lots of choices like jazz, pop, rock and dbb. ( i could just be deaf from all the years having headphones embedded in my ears and that's why the bass doesn't stand out for me)The down side to this product: there's a lever on the side that moves you through files and selects options. It's kind of a pain in the butt because selection depends on how long you push the button for and if you push it too long or not long enough, it gives you options you don't want. It's a tad tempermental that way. Also, you will find that it's much easier to figure out how to use this little device on your own rather than reading the instructions. As a matter of fact, save your instruction booklet and send it Jay Leno for his Monday night 'Headlines'. It reads like your worst stereo instruction nightmare but if your keg party is going a little slow, pull this guy out and watch your friends roll on the floor laughing. The instructions may not serve their intended purpose but at least you can get some use out of them.This is how the instructions were conceived:Supervisor in chinese factory: Anybody know how to read and write english?Assembly line worker: I do. I learn from watching episodes of Brady Bunch and Hill Street Blues!
The items I REALLY wanted doesn't exist anymore/yet.This is good enough.I really can't complain, for a $50 item.Yes, when the battery runs low, the memory of where/which track you were on after shut-down gets fussy.  But, I haven't noticed anything else worth whining about.
This kit was purchased along with the IR 2 Channel remote control to add to my doggie door.  The instructions were very clear and the kit went together easily. I wish there was a project box recommended for this kit.
Good sound quality, easy to use. A great deal for a quick wireless mp3 setup. Great for use at the gym!
Having read all previous reviews I have to add the following:More memory and/or a Micro SD slot, Shuffle Play, better FM radio reception& ear padding would be making this the utimate 'on the go mp3 player/radio'but then you'd pay much much more of course.I do think it is slightly overpriced.Yes it would be excellent if the 'Chinese' (most likely) knew better Englishand the manual was a piece of impeccable English literature,but with an iq of over 60 (lol) you can make perfect sense out of it.Very convenient. Fit for most activities.Easy controls but certainly not for the... 'electronically challenged'.And my battery is working fine so far and i've had it since august 2006,playing each and every single day.Durable, convenient basic mp3 player focused on freedom.
Nice product, nothing to write home about. The adapter is somewhat pricey. nevertheless, it allows you to charge without the computer and in half the time.A. Thomas
Would get 5 stars if smaller but otherwise does the job giving a quick charge from a regular outlet vs. USB on computer.
The product was purchased for a trip to Europe. It performed as expected, without any problems. I'd recommend this product to anyone who owns a Zen player.
when i first purchased my zen player i was disappointed by the amount of time it took to charge.  after purchasing the charger i was quite impressed with it.  however, i am still unhappy that i was required to buy it in the first place and at what i felt was a very high price for a little transformer.
Two weeks ago, my RIO Carbon 5gb died after 2  years of use. It wasn't a surprise, since I had dropped it on tile floors several times. It was a sad day, since I used my Carbon daily, in my travels around the world.The next day, I purchased a Sandisk Sansa 8 gb. I quickly found out that the Sansa did not have bookmarks, which made it unusable for me. I returned the Sansa and ordered a Creative Zen V Plus, based on PC World review from May 07.I received my Zen V Plus 2 days ago and found it to have all the features that I need, BUT today I determined a problem.I have several AC USB chargers and an auto lighter USB charger. NONE of them work with the Zen V Plus. After researching with Creative Labs and the WEB groups, I determined that Creative has added a proprietary feature to their chargers.All the MP3 players sold today come without an AC charger. This is sold as a feature, because you can charge your unit from the USB bus on your computer. What they don't tell you is that, it takes over twice as long to charge using a computer, and is not very convenient.BEWARE: If you buy a Zen V, and intend to charge it with either AC or in you auto, you will require a unit with compatibility.I just order mine, but not from Creative.Sorry Creative.Gary
Great item for charging your player while away from home and your lap top.  Product seems to be exactly as advertised.
My wife and I both have Zen Microphotos. She plugs hers into a stereo at work and listens to stuff all day. She's a pharmacist and works 12 hour shifts, so she needs some variety. The problem was her battery wouldn't hold up all day. We tried some cheap universal adapters that didn't work very well. I hated the thought of spending $30, but it made a huge difference. Now she can plug into the stereo and the wall and listen all day without a problem. The product works great, just wish I didn't have to spend so much
It charges my zen quickly and charge lasts a long time. It also charges many of my other products that require a computer connection via USB port.Just a little large tho.
I was worried, when I bought my ZEN, that I wouldn't always have a computer handy to recharge the unit from a USB port.The power adaptor works very well -- but it's big, heavy, and bulky. I'm sure Creative could have done better in designing it.
I bought this to replace the AC charger that came with my 60 GB Vision W. The original one never worked and by the time I got around to dealing with it (through Creative) it was way too late. Buggers. You'd think that spending nearly $400 for the Vision W it would have a working AC adapter. I mean, how complicated are they?  Anyway, the one I ordered through Amazon works great, decent price (sharp drop from original price sheesh!)
I bought this product so that I wouldn't have to keep my computer on just to charge my Zen. What is nice about this is that it works for my wife's Zen player (different from mine) as well. It works as advertised. Other than being a little pricey, I would recommend this product.
I cannot truly say how good this item is. I had to return this item. I wanted the universal charger so that I could use it traveling to Italy and back here in the US. There is a picture on this item that shows all of the various plugs of different countries. However, this item only comes with the US plug! I have since purchased the universal version directly from Creative.
It works, but I now know I could have bought a similar power adapter at a cheaper price, a lot cheaper.
A must have for the Zen V+. Works very well and much faster than the usb charger. SHOULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED WITH THE ZEN V+.  You should not have to buy this separate.
... is BAD !Nowhere I looked - when researching if I could use the adapter e.g. overseas -does it state the range of the input voltage for the adapter !This is the same on Creative's AND on Amazon's websites.I would expect this info as part of the specification.Answer - found on the hard to read mini label on the adapter :Input : 100 - 240 VAC 50-60 Hz, Max 0.4 A, Output : 5 VDC 2.4A
Charges really quickly; much easier to use than charging through the computer. No instructions, though. I found through trial and error that I need to have the player off and LOCKED before charging. Otherwise, plugging it in only turns on the player and actually uses the battery, but does not charge it. Oy.
Next to the silver metal bracket there's an elastic black strap that the I7 unit slides into. Turn the player on, slide it in the strap with the head-phone plug-in in at the bottom till the window pane with play/pause/forward/backward is above the strap, then slide the arm strap on your arm and adjust.Have gone on 5-6 runs with it with no problems.
THIS CHARGER IS PUT IN SEARCH RESULTS WITH OTHER CHARGERS THAT SAY COMES WITH TIP TO FIT iAUDIO X5. THIS CHARGER FITS TO SUBPACK THEN TO X5.I was not happy at first with this item and reply.SINCE THE COMPANY CONTACTED ME BY PHONE AND WANTED ME TO BE SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE!!! A man listened to my concerns and wanted to clear up the messages sent and received. THE SELLER SHOWED CONCERN AND DID REMEDY THE SITUATION!!! TO MY SATISFACTION!I would say this is good and the seller stands by there product and customers! THANK YOU A.TORRES
The sound quality isn't fantastic, but I find it perfectly adequate if you make the sound on your mp3 player quieter and turn up the sound in your car.  I don't listen to my music very loud, though, so if you want something with good quality you might look for a more high quality product.  I seem to have some trouble with this if it's been really cold, but I just sit on it or something to warm it up and then it's fine.  That might be a problem with my cassette player, though.
if ur looking for a cool belt then this is it. i barly bought this belt and let me tell you, its really cool. it can store up to 6 messages with 512 characters per massage. it doesnt even need batteries because it carries a rechargable battery inside the belt buckle! it also has small little diamonds aroud the belt buckle. the only problem with this product is that when you charge it, it doesnt show or tell you when its done charging. in other words, there's no battery indicater to show you how much power it has. and this is why i rated this product 4 out of 5 stars because of having no battery indicator. that is the only problem with this product and will probably frusterate people who buy this product. setting up your message will be hard at first but soon you'll get the hang of it. other than that, this product is worth buying and wont regret buying it. so bottom line, buy this if u want something really cool that no might not have and impress you friends with it.
I was just looking to find something to store my episodes of Howard Stern on and use as a flash drive. This mp3 player was good for what I needed. I slowly began adapting to it and use it even in the car too. Not the best player but what can you say for such a low price. The menu was a bit tricky navigating but I got the hang of it after a while. Since school is just around the corner, I will also be using the USB to store my school work assignments.
Excellent 1 gbyte memory stick like MP3 player with reasonable voice recorder and FM rasio with presets. Uses AA sized battery.Reasaonably logical and easy to use controls.  Can speed up and slow down playback. Small size and good price.  scrolling though songs is a bit slow.  sound is pretty good using better headphones.Headphones don't fit my ears and sound a bit muffled.Documentation has many translation/languages issues.  favorite quote from manual is "The opposite is the same"  - huh???Pretty straightforward to figure most of it out.
I had this one before for years till I messed up the cord (it still worked, but the bare wires arn't safe). I never had problems with the last one, so I got the same one again. It works great for my use on long car trips. Saves from having to find new radio stations all the time. Not greatest sound quality, but still good.
I purchased this buckle as a gift for my brother, and we are both very happy with it.  The only negative was the instruction packet, which I found to be somewhat confusing, and reads as though it has been poorly-translated to English.
I got this buckle yesterday and have already had $100 worth of fun.  Once you get the hang of programming it, and it takes a little work to figure it out, you can change the message in a couple of minutes.  The buckle is a bit too wide for everyday use but then who would really want to use it all the time?
I've had this for more then 3 months and i love it. it holds all my music, videos, and pictures. i had some trouble with videos i made, but after a little fiddleing i got it to work. i didnt have any problems with videos purchased online, they transferd quick and work great. the built-in speaker isn't very loud but with headphones or external speakers it works great. it comes with av cables to plug it into a tv or stereo and works great. when changing song or going through the menu it will occasionally freeze for 1-2 seconds but it isnt a large issue. i havnt had any problems with data lose or anything like that. the batterie lasts me all week for the 1 hour bus ride but id suggest buying another battery(since there only about 20 dollars) if you want to watch alot of videos. it also works awsome with Amazon Unbox video downloads and can be transfered right from the amazon video player. To conclude, I love it and was very happy with the purchase, although it would be cool if it could access internet or play games, but for my purposes and the price, it is perfect.
I've used these basic recorders for years to record calls made by employees and provide them with coaching and feedback.  The recorder does a good job of recording and playing back at a decent volume.  The voice sensitivity works well to save tape, allowing you to set the recorder to record only when someone is speaking.  If you use this setting, be sure to have the volume on your phone turned up enough that the recorder can hear the person speaking.  The counter is also a must when playing back calls for coaching purposes, as it allows you to listen and make a note of what counter numbers to stop at and play the recording for the employee to hear.  This is the only thing I've used these recorders for, and they have always performed well in this function.
I thought these were perfect for what I needed.  I'd been looking for a tiny pockt sized speaker set for my Zune for a long time..and this works perfectly.  It won't work in loud places very well but thats a give-in beacue the speakers are quit tiny, but it has its uses and is a decent price.
I don't understand the negative reviews that this thing doesn't make enough sound.  What were you expecting?  It's got two ONE-INCH speakers driven by a single AA battery.  It's not a LOUDspeaker!  You shouldn't expect to hear it across the room, or on the streets of Paris with lots of ambient noise around.I bought it so that I can hear my music at low volume, in the background, without having to wear headphones.  Sometimes i'll use it while sitting at a desk, or in a cellphone patch pocket attached to my backpack strap while I'm biking.  I especially love it in the latter mode for athletic activities -- you can get your motivational tunes on without getting tangled in wires or (dangerously) muffling/drowning out outside noises like headphones do.Sound quality is comparable to a cheap transistor radio -- maybe even more lacking in the bass range due to the tiny speakers.  But battery life is pretty good and it weighs next to nothing.  Works for me!After several years of use mine has developed a loose connection inside.  Guess I'd better grab another before they disappear.
I bought one of this for my nephew, he is just a kid but he has "The MP3/ MP4 player Fever". He love it!!!, this product has a lot of features. If you want to buy a MP4 player to a kid and you dont want to buy an expensive one firt this one is for you.
Great little device once you figure it out(not an easy thing to do). MUCH smaller than expected (zippo lighter sized).The instructions that I received were VERY broken English... figured it out by trial and error. BUT, if you email them, they will send you a MUCH better user guide.Software has nothing to read to know what you're installing. I found that I could install 3 different mp3 software versions (4.07 worked best for me).Your computer recognizes the player as a usb drive. For mp3 and jpg you can just drag and drop. For video, use the 4.07 software, amv converter, plug in the adress where the video is on your computer, and click. It will convert and transfer to the mp3 player.Player MUST be turned on to charge.To return to main menu HOLD the menu button.To adjust the volume, press volume and when the icon starts flashing, adjust it with the rewind/ forward buttons.To change songs, use the rewind/forward buttons.Comes with built in games. Great recorder and radio.As mentioned in other review... clock doesn't hold time.
My daughter has had one of these in her room since she was born and she's 6 now. We live in the city and outside noises used to wake the child up (dogs barking, loud cars, etc). Turn this machine on and it allows a peacful nights sleep. She will only sleep to the white noise. Daughter #2 came so we ordered her one and it sounds almost like the speaker is blown or something. Not nearly as good as the older one, even though they appear identical. The oldest model has now finally quit woring so we are looking for replacement. So far haven't founf anything as affordable as this one!
This has got to be the easiest way to get your music from one area to another. I am very happy with the quality of sound that I am getting from this. Also one of the easiest pieces of equipment I have installed.
This is a good product.  It seems to be of decent quality (for the price) and it certainly does the job quite well.
While uploading more music onto my player I noticed that this player does not hold the 8 gigs it claims to, but cuts you off at a little over 4, it's very frustrating and I would not recommend this to anyone.  The only reason that it has 4 stars is the fact that I can't change the number of stars when I'm editing the review----------------------------------------------------------------------------While the installing software may be intimidating due to the fact that the text is mostly small rectangles, in reality it wasn't too hard to install.  I haven't even needed to use the software yet, so it's not something you'll be using a lot.  Other than that it makes a very good mp3/mp4 player.  it has a good display and you can navigate through your songs with ease.  It has good sound quality, although mine seems to have some very quiet ticking/squeaking that goes along with the movement on the screen, this might just be the headphones, at any rate it's rarely noticeable when songs are playing.
Purchased for Casio digital camera.  Seems to do the job for a lot less cost that the OEM battery.
I paid around $40 for this set of speakers.  They are not loud, but the sound quality is good.  The woofer really adds a lot to the quality.
We use this in my wife's Acura MDX, and it works very well.  The only downside is somebody needs to invent a way for it to fit in the power plug a little tighter.  In my older BMW, we seem to get more static - could be my audio system.  Overall, we are very satisfied with this product.