this is a great case. The color was true to the site and it is so sturdy. this was a great buy and a great price
I am using this protect the back of my new iphone from scratches (for better resell value).  It fits just fine and even looks real.I was exited about the purchase and does everything I expected.  It is hard to see any scratches on the imitation black plastic case, feels durable.  It may actually be scratch resistant.Thanks for such a rare product.
This Is the best case I've gotten for my iphone, it works on all modes 2g, 3g, and 3gs.  It's perfect.  Clips right on back.  Looks identical to my iphone, feels cool and is just beautiful. Recommended!
Protect your iPhone always keep it in this case!!!! It breaths new life to old phones with it sleek clear design! Get the biggest bang for ya buck!!!
I bought this karaoke (to add to my cassette player collection/stereo collection). And it's a really good machine even tho i got it at a flea market both decks and radio work, I did cut off the antenna cause I honestly don't listen to the radio :/ But I have loads of cassettes from Eminem to Britney Spears, Nsync and Now 1-10 on tape they sound awesome in this machine, Sadly I doubt people still want this machine since it came out around 1999 or 2000-2001 :( if your still looking for one HEARS A TIP. Go to your local flea market im sure you will find a decent one that works....I DID! :D
I bought my rio500 about 2 years ago and it has done nothing but make me happy. With the 64MB it has already, thats just the right amount of music for a nice car trip, but if you are like me and need a lot of music, then you can buy an inexpensive smart media expansion card.  I had many cards and could have about 5 hours of music all in one pocket...I enjoy how the screen says the title of the song, the amount of time that has passed, and the battery life.  I didnt seem to have a problem with the included software, except that its just a demo.  But recently i guess i got a virus of some sort, so if i want to format my media card, it would lock up my computer, and i would have to turn off my computer at the tower, which is not good.  There are other kinds of software for it that you can download for free online, so please dont let the bad software come in your way from purchasing it.  Please read the other reviews because i read them and some have some good points.  As for the ones that say that the froze and stopped working, well, thats only if you abuse it too much.  My friend had an identical player, and he dropped it into pools and lakes, dropped it down stairs, and other horrible things, so it froze finally.... so, if you take good care of your player, it will serve you well.  I hope i helped!
Thing is very light but i woulnd't say easyto use. i had problems setting up the cable, but when i called theirtech support (not 800 num ) they were very helpful and helped me get it workin. one thing i noticed with my player is that when i have the cable connected to player, the LCD screen seems to have a dark background as in all the &quot;lights&quot; are lit, tech support says it shouldn't happen, but i'm gonna keep mine, not exchange it cuz its a hassle..... product was easy to transfer the mp3 onto player, just drag the file into other column, haven't tried their phone book or memo yet. the voice recording very neat, i love it!  at the price i got i would say a STEAL!
As soon as UPS brought me my MP3 player i hooked it up and installed the installation CD.  Everything went very smoothly, and in no time I was listening to my favorite MP3's!!  This is a great MP3 player for the price, quality, and use!!I'm VERY happy with my purchase!!
I did a lot of researching into mp3 players. in the end, I decided to go  with the rave, mainly because of its memory compacity (64, upgradable to  96). When i got it, everything installed easily, and after 10 minutes (read  the book and this is all it is going to take to setup everything), i got it  to work.It's easy to grab songs if you know what your doing, which i  didn't (just check the box on the Audio Catalyst and click grab-- very  simple). I called customer service once (non-800 #) and they were very  helpful.After all my mp3's were on the thing, i have to disagree with  those that say that the quality isn't good, and if yours is, its the mp3's  that you put on the thing.For everyone complaining that it has a  parallel port connection instead of a USB, a USB would be faster, but it  takes only 3 seconds as is to upload a song onto it.I love it and think  it is a great device,and have recommended it to all my friends, and now i'm  recommending it to you.
I did a lot of researching into mp3 players. in the end, I decided to go with the rave, mainly because of its memory compacity (64, upgradable to 96). When i got it, everything installed easily, and after a while, i got  it to work (it's actually pretty easy after you figure it out!)I had a bit  more trouble trying to figure out how to rip songs from my own cd's.  Finally, i broke down and called the non-800 costomer service number and  they were very helpful.  After all my mp3's were on the thing, i  have to disagree with those that say that the quality isn't good, and if  yours is, its the mp3's that you put on the thing. I love it and think it  is a great device,and have recommended it to all my friends, and now i'm  recommending it to you.
This is better then it says! I have seen reviews that say it is bad with head phones.  Well that is wrong! It sounds great and it is the quality of your mp3's Not the player. The price is great I give this player a A++.
Everyone I know was talking about mp3 players, so I guessed it would be time for me to buy such a gadget... But living in Germany definitely has it's drawbacks, as I was unable to order any of the better players (e.g.  Rio 500, Nomad, etc.), even when I tried at some of the countrys bigger  electronic stores.So, after informing myself about the various players  there are, I decided for the RavePM 2100, and I haven't made the wrong  decision. Soundquality, Handling, Design and Software are great and I'm  really looking forward to using it.
I just got the raveMP about a week ago. It is a great player. It is fast enough (that is, I don't think the parallel port is a drawback), the design is cool, and has a lot of great features. I use all of them. The trick that  you have to do if your the PC doesn't detect the raveMP, is to remove the  batteries for about 30 seconds and put them back in. The press SL to  perform a Speed/Quick Format (I don't remember the name of it). The only  drawback I found is that you can't access the special features while  playing you music. So when you are reading a long memo or a bunch of  telephone numbers, you have to do so by first stopping the music.
I just got the raveMP about a week ago. It is a great player. It is fast enough (that is, I don't think the parallel port is a drawback), the design is cool, and has a lot of great features. I use all of them. The trick that  you have to do if your the PC doesn't detect the raveMP, is to remove the  batteries for about 30 seconds and put them back in. The press SL to  perform a Speed/Quick Format (I don't remember the name of it). The only  drawback I found is that you can't access the special features while  playing you music. So when you are reading a long memo or a bunch of  telephone numbers, you have to do so by first stopping the music.
I have seen some of the complaints below, and I'm amazed.  Nothing has gone wrong for me so far.  The sound quality is great.  I also like working out at the gym and because there are no moving parts or a CD inside, I can  work out listening to my favorite music without any skips or  problems.Being the cheapskate I am, I love being able to download a song  without having to buy a whole CD.  The microphone feature is also really  cool.
Well, after reading the mixture of good vs bad reviews, I was a little leary about buying this product.  However, for the price, I couldn't find a better value.  I ordered 2-one for me and one for my wife.Upon opening the box, I found everything well-packaged. It comes with a easy-to-understand owner's manual (most people will only need it to install software), Rave CD installation program, Parallel hookup cord, Sennheiser earbud headphones, the Rave MP3 player, and a battery for the player.  Including the battery was a very pleasing surprise.I was worried about installation.  I plugged the cord to my parallel port, plugged in the player, and ran the CD...DONE!!  It located the player without a hitch.  The Rave program was easy to understand (no directions needed...purely drag and drop MP3 songs to the player, and you're done).  A counter will show available space on the MP3 player, and will warn when you are close to being out of space.  You can also edit playlists on the MP3 from the Rave program.  Change the order of the playlist, etc, it's all a cinch.I uploaded 18 songs to the MP3 in about 5-6 minutes time.  Not super-fast, but acceptable.  The interface on the MP3 is intuitive and easy to use.  I plugged in the headphones and began playing.  However, the songs sounded &quot;staticy and hollow&quot;.  I wondered what the problem was, then I noticed the headphones were not plugged all the way in.  You really have to &quot;snap&quot; the jack into the slot.  It feels like you have to exhibit an unordinary amount of force to snap them in, but once I did, everything sounded great!  Every song was crisp and clear.  The Sennheiser earbuds are great, and come with a nifty round storage case that has about a 2.5&quot; diameter.  Easy to transport...The display is easy to understand and is filled with information, as well.  On the display (during MP3 playback) is the following: Battery gauge, &quot;shuffle&quot; setting, EQ setting, Volume gauge, available space for files (in MB), date, elapsed time on played track, and track/artist title.  There is also a &quot;hold&quot; button on side of the player. Switch it, and during playback, it locks out all button usage.  Very cool for people who listen while jogging, riding bikes, etc.  There is also an expansion port under the battery cover for an additional 32 MB expansion card!There is a button which cycles through different preset &quot;EQ&quot; settings (jazz, rock, classical, disco, normal, etc).  Most all files sound the best on normal.  Rock and disco add too much bass, and the earbuds cannot handle it without outputting alot of static.  Minor issue, though.The only real complaint I have is the &quot;shuffle&quot; function.  When I activated this, I figured that it would shuffle the entire playlist, then play each song.  However, that is not the case.  Imagine having 18 songs on the MP3.  It may play song 3, then 7, then go back to song 3.  It is entirely random selection.  That is my only real complaint.I have had no problems at all with this player.  I do not utilize the memo/planner/recorder options, but have looked at them and they seem easy to use.  Also, I have not &quot;ripped&quot; song files from cd's to change to MP3 files, but I have looked at the program and it seems easy enough.In closing, this is a real easy to use player that exhibits great sound quality with an easy-to-use interface.  From the time I opened the box to playing my favorite songs took about 20 minutes.  I am happy I picked these up!!
I read all the reviews and wonder why people seem to have so many problems when I've had none with mine at all. It's cheap and easy to use, and it gives you **skip-free** music for well over an hour (upgrade, it's worth it for only around $30). I got it for a grad present, took it out of the box, and without even reading the instructions had it working in 2 minutes. It's interface is intuitive and easy to use. Uploading mp3s was also quite easy, just drag and drop. 170k/sec transfers is pretty good, about as fast as I download mp3s from the interent, so I definately can't complain. For the cost, you get an amazing unit. And yes, I had a problem with the headphones too until I read the review. Snapping them in helps :) I totally recommend this, MP3s are the future of music.
This is far and away the best mp3 player on the market.  I bought a Rio when it first came out.  It worked for about two months or so before crapping out on me completely. (power supply went bad)  I managed to return  it for store credit and got a rave mp when they came out.I was  completely blown away by this one.  I've been using it constantly since I  purchased it.  The interface is fabulous.I hear the next generation of  this will be coming with Iomega Clik disks for memory, which should drive  everyone else out of the competition.
When I was first thinking of buying an mp3 player about a month ago, I had trouble triing to decide if I should go with the diamond rio (the brand name mp3 player) or if I should look elsewhere.  I decided to buy the  ravemp not only for the mp3 music but the voice recorder and addressbook  features.  All I want to say is, I use it everyday.I'm a student and I  can save lecture recordings and notes right into the thing and take it with  me.  It's great. Not once have I thought I made a mistake buying this  device.
Just got one of these after much research and comparison, and reading the reviews here helped very much.  I use this for sound recording and data file transfers just as much as mp3 playing.  I would like to note that even  though the ravemp.com faq and the product manual state that it can only  record in mono, in &quot;high quality&quot; mode it actually does record in  STEREO from the line-in, and at very decent quality, too! Needless to say I  was very pleased to discover this surprise. The line-in and -out are great  features, too.  Very portable; very low power consumption (1 aa battery =  6-8 hrs!); nice mike built-in; great deal for the 64mb included (don't  forget to get the rebate form from their site).  One more note: I am very  happy i did not spend extra money for a different player with USB, as file  transfers with this parralel port model are fine, seem to be faster than my  parralel port zip drive and never require a wait of over 5 minutes.  Also,  despite what their documentation says I was able to get this working with a  parralel port splitter! I have had no problems connecting this to a few  different computers.  So far I am a very satisfied!
Contrary to the experience of the other reviewers, I found the product to be very easy to set up and use.  10 minutes from opening the package to listening to music!  Great features.  And seems much better put together  than the Rios (I went through 2 of those in 6 months.  Highly recommended.
This is quite simply the best product you can get. Well Ioversampled my CD's and put them on my Saehan MPMAN F-30 - anothername for the above product. It recorded at double speed for above CD quality on my machine (lowend). At work I can record at CD Quality at FOUR TIMES playback speed. This does have to connect to your parallell port, yes. But It Gives Awesome Quality In comparison to a minidisk (which I also own). This was my choice in MP3 player for its large memory size, Easy Interface and wide array of features. It was also more expensive when I bought It (about 3months ago in Korea) and I would still pay double. It is bloody brilliant. Buy now -- Oh yes, the reason that it doesnt support NT is because NT doesnt support the correct parallell port mode. The reason it isn't advertised as supporting Win2K is because that hasn't been checked (but I bet you it will 100%).  Enthusiasts have written drivers for Linux.
I am soooo happy with the ravemp mp3 player.  I does so much more thsn just playing mp3s. I can record my class descussion on it with no problems, and what a highly sensitive microphone.  It's buy far the best mp3 player  on the market.  Hooking it up to my pc is usually the biggest pin, but it  read the mp3 perfictly! I had absolutly NO problems at all.  I could not  be happier. i suggest you look into buying this one too.
I bought mine a few months ago and it works great. 64 megs is the way to go. Anything less and you'll be disapointed. As far as the down load times  I down load  60 minutes of music in less than 5 minets. I use mine mostly  for running and have not had a single problem with the controls. About the  only negitive thing I could find was it goes through a battery in just a  few hours. What I did was get a battery charger to save on the expence. The  head phones are better than average too, and are included in the price. I  don't think you'll find a better deal with 64 megs of memery for under  $200.
I did more than 30 hours of research before I made the decisionto buy the RaveMP 2100 and I don't regret my choice for aninstant.I wanted a great MP3 player with some other features.  The data transfer capability of the Rave appealed to me so it made my short list very quickly.  I read reviews about more than 15 other digital music players and my short list had 4.  All four had fairly positive to very positive reviews by both writers and users.  My short list was the RCA Lyra, Sony Vaio Music Clip, Diamond Rio PMP500, and the Sensory Science RaveMP.  You notice above that I wrote digital music players instead of MP3!  This is where everything gets tricky. What RCA and Sony don't tell you is that their players don't play native MP3.  The Sony uses its own ATRAC3 format and RCA uses a proprietary format as well.  That can be a real GOTCHA if you don't want to mess with converting MP3 to their format.  The Diamond has a good rep and a backlit screen, USB, and uses standard SmartMedia memory cards but the Rave comes with nicer earbuds (Sennheiser MX4) and has phone list, voice recording, memo capability and the data storage capability (like carrying a music box and a ZIP disk in one).The Rave is excellent!  It has great sound and nice little touches like a battery compartment locking mechanism (no runaway battery lids), a hold switch on the side (no accidental button activations)and a very informative display layout.  I also sprang for the extra 32MB expansion and I'm glad I did.  I found the RaveMP Manager software to be very nice and easy to navigate, add, delete, organize phone list, etc.  . . . I've read the reviews criticizing the sound and I wonder whether many of these people didn't have the right settings when they ripped their CD tracks or downloaded a track that wasn't clear.  I haven't had any problems and crystal clarity with the right settings.  Also, some people complained about the small, close buttons.  They are rather small and close.  However, I have pretty fat fingers and no problems here.  But if your real picky or a little clumsy maybe you ought to think twice about the Rave.  Also, I find the volume very adequate.  I have walked down a busy city street with the volume set to 13 (max is 19) and had no difficulties hearing my music.  In my opinion, the Rave has only one real drawback- it's not USB so it takes a little longer to download (10-20sec/song).One extra hint, the Rave comes with the Xing AudioCatalyst software (demo version), only rips at 128kbps and only randomly selected tracks. Spring for the full version.  I downloaded some freebie software from the net and found them to be VERY slow and lower quality compression . . .
This is almost 10 years old and works better and holds more music that an IPOD! I absolutely Love it and will have it forever.
This is an awesome product with many features and it is overallawesome with the mini hard drive feature and phone number storage notto mention better recording capabilities then my 100 dollar tape recorder. So if you have windows 95/98 then your in luck you should grab this product now it is a must have.
I wasn't sure what to expect, since this was my first mp3 player, but my experience with the Rave has been almost wholly positive.  It's ultra light so I barely know I'm carrying it.  The controls, while a little difficult to manage while the unit is in a pocket (let's hear that song again!)are pretty clear and, on the whole, simple to figure out even if you haven't bothered to read the instructions.  Power use is minimal so batteries last quite a long time.  With 64 Megs of memory you get about an hour's worth of music at what I think is a very reasonable price.  I don't make much use of this unit for anything other than mp3 playback, but the multi-functionality is impressive.  Above all, the sound quality is excellent.I don't like ear-bud type headphones, which is what this unit comes with, but that's my own problem, and it's really the only one I have with this player.  For the rest, I am incredibly happy with its performance, which has been flawless.
I couldn't buy any Mp3 players because they were all USB, Music was a hobby of mine, a friend told me 'bout this product so I gave it a try, and believe me, it was my greatest experience ever,also, if anyone of u who is reading this knows about other Parallel port mp3 players, then let me knowXak
Something that every company deals with are the unsatisfied people who bought the product. There are always people who don't like what they see and get even when the product has been tested very well. This is the case with the Pine D'Music Mp3 player. It's true that it MAY cost time to get  the  player to work (although i didn't had that problem) but after that,  you won't even remember because you have all the fun you can get with the  player. This player has been tested as  a fantastic player by 2 computer magazines. Also, i know 4 people who have  the Pine D'Music and they can only say positive things about the player.  The Pine D'Music player has been well tested and the only negative thing  about it is that there is only place for about 7 songs (if you have 32mb)  from cd-quality.
My name is Anny, i'm a student, and recently bought the SM-320V, and i absolutely love it. I am a runner, and the compact size and sound quality makes my daily run much more enjoyable, my friend bought the Diamond, but  after listening to mine, was very upset that she wasted her money on such  garbage!  As i mentioned, i'm a student, and i use the mp3 player to record  my lectures, this is an awesome product,  much better than the diamond.
It took me a while to decide on a player and my choice was based on price  alone. At $200AU the D'Music was the cheapest available. Using the  Fraunhofer MP3 codec I can fit between 2 and 32 songs in the 32MB of memory  at amazing quality. Motherboard support is a little limited and while mine  works, a friend couldnt use it...no matter what his port settings were. Buy  with caution!
I have to say, that this Pine MP3 player is the beast of all players! Dont give me any of this Diamond Rio rubbish, the Pine SM320v is the king.  I found the music to be clear and crisp, and with such ease to download. I  highly recomend this player to anyone who interested in purchasing one.  Take my word for it this player is the ultimate beast!
This mp3 player is the best high quality mp3 player that i ever had.the microphone is sensitive but very cool.The music is loud and clear like a cd.Everyone should buy this mp3 player.Trust me you will love it.
This MP3 player cannot be beat, in terms of price, convienence, quality...  It's 32 MB, which is good, expandable to 64 MB, which is quite nice.  Supports variable-bitrate MP3's which means you can cram quite a few songs onto it.  In regard to previous complaints about the software not working, this is simply a matter of an incorrect computer configuration, something that can be easily remedied.  You should also make sure that you don't have any MP3 files in your folders that have invalid dates on them.Ignore the computer software.  This is a small, beautiful, reliable unit; it even records WAV files on the spot!  There is no reason not to buy this, and quickly -- I think Pine has stopped producing them.
I am now decideing whether to get a 32MB Pine D'Music Player or a 32MB RCA  Lyra. So I am wondering is there anything important i should know about  these players. If u have any suggestions please e-mail me at  cashmoneybrada1@aol.com. THANX
I found the SM-320V from PINE a really great MP3 player, i  even rate it better than the sony baton, which my friend owns, let me tell the sound quality is excellent, and the price is even more excellent, (especially for  a starving student as myself)  i'm hoping  Pine will come out with some  more high quality products!
Most people don't relize that u ahve to change your printer port to ecp mode in system bois  once u have done taht it runs sweet as!
I am a teenager who just started college and I am quite Tech Savvy. I have been following the MP3 pardigm from the start. I have been apprehensive about buying an MP3 Player out there until I came across this one...AMAZON  ROCKS. Yet, I reserved my opinion until I actually had this product in  hand. The PINE D'Music product falls nothing short of PERFECTION. Its sleek  look and its ergonomic feel are THE BEST out there. Blows the doors off of  any Diamond RIOs.. which my classmate has..ha ha Josh. He agrees with me  now after he heard the extra bass on mine. I don't know how people can even  compare the two. It is sooo easy to download music and play it wherever I  go. The best feature is it is able to record my voice to a T. I even use it  to record lectures when I am in class..cool... and upload it to my PC. I  recommend this product to anyone who wants an MP3 Player. If you don't  believe me find out the hard way and be a Josh who asks for my class notes  to be emailed to him and he still does not have the extra bass.
I bought this MP3 player in August last year. It still seems perfect around the market. The sound is sound well even I used my expensive AKG headphone to listen for it. I heard the sound of the Yepp' MP3 player, and  it was unacceptable. The Creative Nomad player is also the OEM part of  Samsung product. IN MY OPINION, BUY THIS PLAYER FOR DEMAND OF &quot;GOOD  SOUND QUALITY!&quot; or expensive 64MB ram Rio 500...Yepp' player has  extremely bad bass sound when using the Equalizer mode. U can test the  sound with a good headphone yourself.
I have listed to 4 MP3 players, and the Pine D'Music is the BEST sound quality I have heard yet on such a player. The Ex Bass EQ puts makes it  much more rich sound sound than the Diamond Rio! The Voice recording for  over 2 hours make it real handy for work. I can even email the recorded  voice files. This thing is Sooo easy to use. If you love music on the go,  buy this one.
WOW! i got this yesterday.. and for the [final] price, i would say this is the best out there. the memory disks are incredibly small, and the only drawback is that they only hold about 5 songs each. the connector was extremely easy to install. you can record songs on to the disks just as you use a floppy. the player itself is small too, with great sound and decent earbuds. instead of getting other more expensive models i would buy four of these. the player is the smallest i've seen, like 1.5 inches * 4 inches. BUY IT IF YOU CAN!
The small size is really a plus.  I particularly like the fact that one could actually adjust the BASS and TREBLE as desired.  The availability of an FM tunner puts this product above its equals.
I got this I-Jam MP3 player as a present. It's really lightweight, so you can bring it basically anywhere. I also like the fact that it has FM radio on it, and it has enough memory for about 8 songs. Oh, yes, one more thing.  It requires 2 AA batteries, which will give you a lot of play. There is  only one problem,that is that there are only 2 cards included, but the rest  of this great player make up for it! I highly suggest!
I saw this item at this years Comdex event in Las Vegas. The size and features of the I-Jam unit are Awesome, after sampling the audio (cd quality +), and seeing, and feeling how small, and light, yet rugged it is,  I knew I had to own one..Having the luxury to create my own play list  from dragging and dropping the mp3 files from my desktop to the memory card  is a great feature. I would agree a 32mb card would be nicer than two 16 mb  cards, but the 16 mb cards will hold 4 cd quality mp3 files, or 6-8  downloads off the net.I think this unit is by far the best MP3 player in  the sub $200 range, it comes will the software and interface device that  lets you connect to your pc and download to the memory card the mp3 files  you want to listen to... Mine uses the printer port, I think soon they will  releasing a USB model.
This is the first mp3 player I've owned, and it's great! Nice small, compact design...even though some people hate the shortage of memory, I think there's plenty of space (almost 32Mb) I mean, I just switch the songs on the MMC cards after I get tired of them. And, with the nice sound on the I-JAM, you can play 64kbs songs and get 128kbs quality without taking up the space! I think that this is a good mp3 player for the people who aren't CRAZY about mp3s but just want to see what they're all about, and it's cheap as far as mp3 players go. It also has a radio, but its not very good...
First off all, I must say I love this thing!  I can't believe how small it actually was!  Which was even better!  It's honestly the size of a normal forefinger.  The memory chips are the size of a thumb nail!  I must say I'm afraid of losing these little things, but it works VERY well!  I haven't had any problems since I bought it and it's just what I thought.. great sound, low cost, and everything you need to take with you either when you're running or even on the beach.. forget my walkman!  It's about time someone came out with something like this.. don't take my word for it, buy one and trust me.. you'll like it.  I honestly can't find anything horrible to say.. and I would too if I had the chance :)
I got this player 2 weeks ago and absolutely adore it.  It is small, super light, and durable.  I take it running 5 days a week -- it is perfect for this.  The only minor complaint is that it has 2 16 meg cards instead of 1 32 meg card.  This means you can only fit 15 minutes of CD quality music in it at a time.  For me, I just convert my music files to 64K/sec &amp; fit 30 minutes on each card.  For while I am running, this sound quality is just fine &amp; I don't have to stop &amp; change cards halfway thru a run.  If you do plan on exercising with this player, you will need different headphones.  I got some great Phillips earhugger type phones...When the card is in the cardreader it functions just like any disc drive.  You can drag files into it &amp; delete files in Explorer just like with a floppy disk.
I bought this player last week.... Great deal! Softwares are tricky to install. Tried 3 times before I got them to work. Poor instructions that come with player. You have to go to their web site and download their instruction and FAQ before you know how to download music into the cards. No you cannot delete music in the player. You've to do it with the card reader that comes with the player which works nicely. I can only record 4 to 5 songs into one 16MB cards with medium compression. It would be better if they provide one 32MB card instead of two 16MB cards. The player produce quite nice sound and is close to CD quality. There is a by pass in the parellel cord for hook up to your printer so you don't have to plug and unplug to use the printer. With this low price I really cannot complaint too much. I think it is a very good deal.
I recieved one as a gift at christmas...I Love it. I have some Advice for those who say they cannot get it to work. I had the problem myself but now it works fine. You may have to go into your computers BIOS and change your parallel port's settings to EPP/ECP. Have no clue what I'm talking about? Call the people who made your computer, not Best Data they don't know the specifics on you computer. The computer company will help guide you through it. For the price this is a good MP3 player and I hope that you who cannot get it to work succeed and see how cool it really is.
Plain and simple.  I didn't have any problems using it at all when I set it up before I gave it as a gift.  The only problem that some people may encounter is setting your printer port to an ECP one.  If you don't know how, just go and update the LPT1 device driver and pick ECP.  Other then that the software is a cinch to install and syncronizing the device is not a problem.  I didn't even read the manual after I set up the ECP and I got it running in five minutes. Another great thing about this player is the fact that 64MB is already built in and you can add more memory with additional cards.  Transfering songs to the MP3 player is pretty fast for a slow parallel port.  Get this before it's too late!  :)
I had NO problems with my player.  The most important thing to do is to be sure your port is changed to ECP. other than that i have had nothing but good luck!! i got 18 songs on this with out having to add and memory!  So after the rebate it is awesome. the player is very light and i get great life out of the batteries.  the headphones are only O.k. but i got others i use that i already had, so no big deal! THIS THING ROCKS!  FLICKERSTICK ROCKS
I bought this product 2 months ago and its been flawless so far  the software is incredible and and very stable and so easy to use my brother who doesn't know anything about computers was able to use it.  the size is incredible and is very small, the phone book is a very usefull feature. The sound quality is excellent and the headphones are exeptional.
I've had the player for a little over a year.  I've had no problems other the instructions don't eplain much in detail.  The batteries probably last about 8 hours, maybe even a little less.  I bought rechargable batteries and that problem is taken care of.  I use it for jogging and cycling, the sound is great although changing the dsp (rock, pop...sounds) didn't really make a difference.  I fooled around with the recorder a couple of times but don't really have a use for it.  I just use it for the music.  With all the issues I've heard on other players, I'm completely satisfied with mine.
this is a great product.  i bought this product because i was looking for a mp3 that was cheap and had a good rate.  listen to the manual it tells you everything you need to know about how to set it up.  if your a first timer and dont understand what your doing just READ!!!  it takes no longer than 2 minutes to download a 4 minute song. it takes only half an hour or less to set it up. i recomend this mp3 to all you people out there.
It is very easy to use. I got about 23 songs on it right now and it is very easy to put songs on it and play them. It is very easy to carry around and it dosnt skip at all. I dropped it two times and it is fine. The sound quality is great. I think it is great.
I've only had mine for about a week and frankly I couldn't be much happier at this point.  I'm a distance runner and wondered how this product and technology would hold up while running.  It's worked flawlessly during each run.  One thing that I didn't pay close attention to is the fact that you need to have Windows 95 or 98 to install the software that accompanies the player.  I'm working with Windows 2000 so I initially thought Iwas out of luck, but I went out to the Best Data website and found a downloadable application called JazPiper that could be used on Win 2000.  Even given that glitch, I had the player working in about an hour from the time that I opened it up.  Hopefully I'll stay this satisfied with the product.
I recently bought this Cambo Mp3 player so that I could listen to all my music anywhere, even during soccer. My first though was this thing woun't work, we'll, of course it didn't (if you have already read the other reviews). Mine had the little microphone jack problem (and yes it was in all the way) but, thanks to Amazons great return policy I was able to get a new one it about 8 days. Now this one works fine. This is a great product so I would buy it, not metioning the great price. Although it may not work the first or second time keep returning it. I also suggest downloading JazPiper 1.1.1.1 instead of using the provided software.
Just received my Cabo and I am compelled to weigh in on this product.  Admittedly, I'd read the cautions in earlier reviews (it's true that documentation never says to &quot;connect and list&quot; but it does seem pretty obvious) and had already downloaded the software, but, having said that, I was up and running within five minutes after opening the box.  Previously I had a Rio 300 and the Cabo is as good or better in almost every way.  Sound is good, plenty of volume, okay quality.  Slapped in my 32 Meg Smartcard and I have an hour and a half of music.  My only gripe: why couldn't they provide throughput on printer port connector like the Rio 300 did?  In any case, bottom line, this seems a VERY good product for the price.
like other reviewers have said, don't listen to the negative reviews of this player.  at 99 dollars (after the rebate) i certainly wasn't expecting to be listening to mp3s 30 seconds after opening the box, and you shouldn't either.  read the manual.  read the manual.  read the manual.  i didn't have any problems when i followed their pretty clear instructions from start to finish.  the thing that gave me the most trouble was changing my parallel port to ECP or EPP or whatever it is.  to do this, remember to go into the system settings when your computer is booting up.  usually it is a button like F1 or F2.  anyway, this player rocks.  easy to use, fine sound quality, decent software.  buy it!  it is definately NOT worth the extra 100 or so bucks for the big names.  i was debating about this forever and i think i made the right decision!
Okay, I've seen more than a few people say they can't get the CABO to work.  I think I know what the problem is.  If you follow the manual EXACTLY, the CABO WON'T work.  After hooking it up, you have to click on File and then Connect, and then you can download.  You don't always have to press a CONNECT button every time you hook up a new piece of machinery, so why Best Data left this out of the manual, I'll never know.  I troubleshooted myself for an hour, checking cables and restarting and changing printer drivers and I don't even want to remember what else before I found this out.  Someone else here mentioned it too.  I must say I'm surprised at the negative reviews that don't complain about the CABO not working.  I think the sound quality is excellent, and the price can't be beat.  I've had no problems with it whatsoever, and I love it.  No moving parts, no skipping, and it's great...
I recently purchased this item for my son for Christmas, anyway he loved it!  Then something got damaged by one of my younger children and I needed to replace a part.  I wasn't sure what to get and I e-mailed technical support and within 24hrs. over the holiday they told me what to purchase and how.I thought that was great!Thanks!
The Cabo has been our introduction to MP3 players and for the price and the ease of use I have to say it was a great buy.  We gave the player to our teenage daughter as a gift and she loves it and everywhere she takes it the people who see want one too.We had some help getting started from another site that rated the player and gave some info. because they felt that the manual left out some important details. Such as the player has to be on before connecting the parallel cable from the computer to the player.  I was concerned that the parallel would be a slow download but it is quite fast.  Overall we are very pleased with the Cabo and highly recommend it.
finally its here. this is my first player and so far its great!  i dont know why it got so many bad reviews from the rest of these guys.  it works perfectly, i have over 13 songs in it and i have had no problems so far.  im gonna start using it to bike ride and show off at skool.  this baby is going w/ me everywhere i go.  the only problem that i did have was when i first installed it. the program couldnt find that i was connected and couldnt locate my player, but after 5 mins playing w/ it, i finally got it working. but i do think u gotta know a few things bout computers to solve any problems if u happen to run into someotherwise, great buy for the price. i was definitly satisfied. now lets see if the sandisk cards come down in price too.
I'm just a kid so i wanted something as cheap as possible.  After carefull browsing I came upon this wonderful machine and was amazed and how much it had for the great price of only $149.99.  At first I was skeptical but I decided to go for it anyway and let me tell you, I'm glad I did.  Plain and simple, the Cabo is a great first mp3 player.  It has quite a reasonble disk space with which i was able to fit over 15 songs on at time.  The instalation only took about 20 mintues out of the box and the sound quality is just fine.  There is nothing amazing about this product but trust me - there is absoltely NOTHING wrong with it!  If you want mp3 music as quickly and efficiently as possible, this machine is the way to go.  (It's also so small and weightless  - I couldn't believe it!)
Thougth a little confusing at first this product is one of the best mp3 players around.  Much better priced then the Rio 500.
what a great deal! sound quality is great, software easy, and with a cassette adapter, I love it in the car. Only downfall and I do agree is, no backlighting. Otherwise for the price, I,m buying one for my wife.
I found the sound to be really, really good.  The button is very easy to use, and it comes with in-the-ear headphones that are quite nice. 64 megs (expandable to 96), voice recorder, and phone book, 90 signal-to-noise ratio.I did a lot of research and it seems to be far and away the best deal out there.  The only other mp3 I would consider is the RIO 500, but it's significantly more expensive.
great player I got it two months ago and the player works wonderfully.  My friend has the Rio 500 and it broke after a month I definitealy recomend this one. It has a great price too.
I want to buy the &quot;Best Data Cabo 64 MP3 player&quot; with the rebate. The Rebate coupon says To get a $50.00 rebate, you should &quot;1 buy the qualifying Best Data Cabo MP3-64 player between January 1,2001 - January 31, 2001.&quot; You can click here to see
BUY IT!!! it is awsome!! it has everything you could posably want and think you could sleep history class and record the hole lesson!!! it has 64 MB of memory thats tons for the price!!!
In my personal opinion, this is a pretty good product. Maybe the documentation is not good but I managed to download music and play them right after I got it without taking look at the documents. It is pretty easy I'd say. Sounds are pretty clear on this player. Download speed is about 750-900kb/sec which I think is pretty fast.  Only thing is that the DSP mode is not quite good. Rock gives too much base while Pop does not give enough. Battery runs out a little fast but reasonable I guess. If you are using Win2000, you do not have to worry because BestData.com has win2000 driver to download. Overall, in terms of its price and its quality, I'd say it is worth buying.
I-Jam is small, light and cute. The blue one got a transparent case which you can see the ic board. If you compress the MP3 songs to 48kB HQ, you can get 10 songs into each 16MB disc. In addition, you can use the Multimedia disks as portable memory for your data.
It might be pricey but it's totally worth it! It doesn't skip a beat whatever you do and the little speaker on it is great fun too! My friends could not have been more jealous!
this is the greatest one out there. very clear, doesn't skip, uploads  fast. get this one, you won't be dissapointed.
I bought the Ego for car, workouts &amp; work.  My digital camera also uses CF cards so I can use them for both.  My Ego uses 2 64 MB cards but I can use any combination of CF or IBM Microdrives.  Loading music is simple drag and drop with the USB connection.  With a total of 128 MB I can load about 2 CD's worth of quality MP3's and vary the playlist with ease.  I found that with the company's message board that I could get answers to questions within 24 hrs or less on weekdays.  The company has just recently switched from MP3agent software to Media Manager which seems to have solved some problems previous users had suffered.  The firmware is flashable so they are regularly updating.  I did not like the earbuds that came with the unit.  I added a pair of Koss KSC35 clipons that stay on while I workout and sound immensely better.
This player is technically far superior to the competition.  In many ways, it provides a &quot;system&quot; approach to MP3 music management and playback. Easily add a second memory card (CompactFlash ll). And the  hardware expandability! An internal expansion slot for hardware additions  and upgrades- promises outstanding future possibilities, for example  microdrives, docking stations,advanced memory cards, wireless MP3  streaming, etc.,etc.  No other player has such insurance against becoming  obsolete.  The intelligence and sound quality in the internal player  software is impressive (and upgradeable by downloading free updates).  Set  the bass and trebel (digital settings) while a song is playing, and it will  be remembered for every playback of that song.  Set them while no song is  playing, and the settings will be used for all songs that don't have their  own settings. The provided &quot;musicmatch&quot; software is a quality 3rd  party product and considered among the best for creating MP3s. And the MP3  file management software supports drag and drop transfers.  Car power  cords, wall outlet power transformer, cassette player adapter, USB cable,  belt clip are all provided.  My only complaint-plan to get a set of  headphones, the provided earbuds are for emergencies only!
I bought it for workouts, and hated it. Then they fixed the software. It is too cool for words. Use it in the car, truck, at work. Its my best friend. Uses the same cards and batteries as my digital camera (Kodak DC-280 cool too!). Was worthless with original software, and the web site is not I2Go.com unless you want to invest in the company, which with their gufaws, I wouldn't. It is MyAudio2Go.com so be careful. Sounds great, works great, makes any car stereo jam, it is top quality but the company needs marketing school. I live in Va where radar detectors are illegal, can't wait til a policeman pulls me to check out my MP3 player!
This is something anyone would like to own. It has everything what one can expect.
This CD player has got to be the best player ever! This thing is super light, very sleek and stylish looking, and NEVER skips. I have ran around shaking the player for a minute and it never skipped once! THe only time it skips is when u really hit the cover hard and it skips only becuase the disc hits the player itself. The rechargable batteries are a very nice addition. Other reviews say that the batteries take about 3 hours to recharge...FALSE! The first time i had to recharge, it only took about 12 minutes!  The sound on this player is amazing! The volume gets incredibly loud and the headphones are very good (tho i bought another set just cuz I didn't like the traditional headphones look). My only gripe is the remote is VERY small and i lost mine already ... so be careful to remember where u put it. Other wise, GREAT PLAYER AND I RECOMMEND IT!P.S. If you want that Sony ultra thin player and think its better because the price is higher...don't get it! This player is the same width as the Sony one (.75 inches high)!
Super thin and sparking silver, this lightweight portable CD player is perfect for the gym, a walk or any other everyday use. Its anti-shock memory feature means no skipping as you run for the bus. And with the two  AAA Nickel Hydrate rechargeable batteries included, you'll get up to eight  hours of music from one three-hour charge. Really worth the price--next to  getting and MP3 player or a mini-disk player. Serious stuff!
I have been looking everywhere for a CD player that can withstand a long  jog.  A lot of players out there have great anti-skip devices, but when you  couple it with this great jogger belt it makes unprecedented quality for on  the road or on the trail use.  The remote adds a great gadget factor too!  It's a great gift for that active dad or grad, and an even better gift for  yourself.  This is a deal!
Wow! This Panasonic CD player is superb in every way. The sound quality is excellent,and with three sound equalizers,you can customize the right tones for each specific disc you play. The anti-skip technology is solid, in fact  you'd probably have to jump up and down on it to make it skip! Even the  headphones are up to the quality of the player. The styling is sleek and  thin, and the controls are nicely placed, making it easy to operate.The  remote control is a great bonus to this set, allowing you to operate the  main controls while jogging or walking without having to fumble for the  player itself. This is one grand CD player. Every need of a personal CD  player has been addressed. Panasonic really knows how to make great audio  products!
This CD player is nice and light in weight. The headphones that come with it delivers good sound. I wanted a little bit better sound so I bought some better ones. The CD player hasn't skiped on me, yet. The remote control ( I  think ) is the neatest part. I wish it had more program keys. The softside  jogging case really comes in handy for thoes long walks or jogs. I  personaly like the continous play with the two AA batteries. If you want to  get more for your money this is the CD player for you. This is the best  little CD player you can buy.
excellent portable price for the great sound and reliabilty,could be  compared with 200-300 units worth the price and more.
I own a Sony MZ-R70 but I knew it was time to go totally digital for the ease of use and non-skip attribute (for the gym and running).  I researched and researched and decided on the Nomad II.  What a pleasant surprise!  My expectactions were exceeded and that NEVER happens.  Although pricey, for me, it is well worth the investment.  The software installs easily but admittedly takes a few minutes to figure out how to set up a playlist and download to the Nomad II.  But once you get the hang of it, this unit is amazing!  The sound quality is incredible.  And the volume.  Well, it can play louder then even I need.  The battery life is excellent.  The USB download speeds are a blessing.  It's light and cute.  I would recommend it to anyone willing to spend the money.
I started running (again) this summer and since I was already an mp3 junkie decided to buy an mp3 player to keep me company. After days of research on the net I finally decided to buy the Creative Nomad II. It hasn't let me down. I had read reviews about weak sound and problems with battery terminals but I think the sound is excellent and definitely loud enough for working out. There was a day when the sound cut out so I switched batteries only to find out later that the charge was fine. I have not had this problem again.My Nomad II came with a small pouch and remote control, which I love. I also bought the docking station and it's awesome. I never have to hook up the USB connection, just load it into the docking station. The battery charges while you download songs. The software was easy to use but I will probably download the upgrade for the WMA format and try and use that as well. I also bought a case logic belt (that's really for a cassette player) that goes around my waist and holds the player at the small of my back. Excellent for running.Built in memory may have been nice but the upgradable smart media cards are nice too. Right now, an hours worth of music is plenty for me. I highly recommend the Nomad II!
Great product! I tried the Rio 500 first but the volume was week and did not give me enough control.  Then I got the Nomad II.  Its got great volume (7 watts I think) and when you throw in the equalizer controls (bass and treble) and the output selection (headphones or speakers) you get plenty of sound.  Depending on the size of the files I can fit about 30 songs, two - three hours of music.  I generally use 65kb songs.Interface is pretty OK. THe firmware on the Nomad is good, easy to use and upgradeble.  The Creative music and Nomad software is not so hot, but I don't use it anyway.  Because its upgradable, I got the WMA format so I can access the Nomad through the Windows Media Player.THe sound recording is great.  I recorded a late night speech and slept through the whole thing - about 4 hours the I reviewed it all the next morning. And I can't imagine not having a radio on something I paid 250+ for.This is the one
The Nomad II is my absolute must in my life, as it should be for everyone else.  Yes, I'm a student at college, but i take it everywhere, and if I leave home without it, like I did today, I go back to get it.  Anyways, onto the good parts... the sound quality is absolutely superb, as good as any non-portable cd player, as it had bass and treble controls along with preset sound qualities.  Also, I can fit a lot of songs onto the tiny memory cards.  I personally have two memory cards, though I havent really had any real use for the second as I'm changing music so much that it is not needed.  I usually have 20 songs on my Nomad at a time.  The Nomad Manager that is a program that allows you to download and upload songs to-and-from your Nomad, is extremely easy to use, fast (each song only takes about 3 seconds depending on the size), and not too complicated to understand (considering I am horrible at computers).  I also love the radio.  I go on trips often to California (across the country for me) and the long plane ride can get tidious if you listen to the same songs over and over, therefore, the handy-dandy radio!  Note, the channel scanning wasn't very good when I first bought it, but Creative has downloads that update your Nomad, such as WMA compatability, better low battery detection, and an updated radio scanner.  A common AA batery lasts 4 hours, just as they say in the product review.  My advice, buy a Nomad II...I suggest buying one...and having to wait...to get my hands on one of these!  It never skips, with no moving parts, and everything about it makes it one of the best products I have ever owned.  I hope everyone else enjoys it just as much as I do.
Awesome! Its so tiny and holds everything i need it to. Batterys could last longer, but worth every penny!
This car adapter is a great idea for everyone who has a portable music player. It playbacks song with high quality, just like how you hear it with your headphones. Some people say this the adapter only works with Nomad II, but their wrong. I am using it with a Nomad II MG and I even tested it with my portable CD player and it worked.
The Nomad II is stylish, sleek and even though one AA battery lasts 8 hours, it can be a hassle especially because if you use a normal car adapter, it drains it even quicker.The solution? An adapter specially  made for the Nomad II unit. You plug this baby into the cassette deck and  plug it into your Nomad and you're saving batteries. You can listen to the  radio, mp3s or whatever you like.Although batteries may not be the main  concern, it's like having ONE CD (Nomad II=32~64mb). Therefore, you might  not use this that long. However, it's cheap, .... I'd say go for it if  you cruise around a lot. Skip it if you listen to it at home or outdoors  w/o a car.
Although I've rated this player as a 5-star item, your experience with it will depend on your intended use.  I use it primarily as a means to play MP3 files in my car and I love it.  The sound is quite good, and you can skip to the next song or repeat the previous song through the buttons on your tape deck.  Brilliant!Less than brilliant, however, are the controls to use the Duo MP3 as a stand-alone player.  If you primarily intend to use this item to listen to music while you jog, walk to work or class, or do other activities, there are probably better models.  You're walking along thinking &quot;Wow, that was a great track!  I want to hear it again now!&quot; or &quot;Ugh, why did I put THAT song on?  I'll just skip to the next file.&quot;  Well, you had better hope that you have both hands free 'cuz it takes two hands to repeat or skip a track - one to hold down the up or down volume button and one to hit the play button.  What were they thinking?  Hopefully, the manufacturer will allow one-handed repeats and skips on their next model.
A bit old fashioned by todays standards however it's easy to use, very convenient for use in a cassette deck and has a certain 'novelty' appeal.
The DUO-MP3 can be used as a personal MP3 player with earphones OR through any standard audio cassette deck, converting digital sound to analog through a built-in converter that provides an extraordinary high-fidelity listening experience. With its patented cassette shape, 32 Megs of on-board memory (expandable to 96), Real Jukebox software and a rechargeable Ni-MH battery, the DUO-MP3 is a winner.
Yeah, check digisette.com there are two new models of this which are sooooo much better...one is the Duo-Aria which is what i've got. It is 32mb upgradable to 96mb but the difference is that this one is USB not parrelel like the one reviewed on this site. Also, its MUCH easier to change tracks, you can get a remote control for it, it comes free with a mains charger, car charger and these also work as adapters. The newest is the Duo-Aria64 which has 64mb up to 126mb which is WAAAY cooler...this is the way forward
I applaude the DUO-MP3 player. It's exactly what I've been looking for. It marries todays MP3 technology with &quot;yesterdays&quot; cassette player.  The makers of this unit really had the consumer in mind when designing this unit. The MP3 player by itself is everything it should be but when you play it through a cassette player, WOW....what a pleasure to hear &quot;CD&quot; quality. My only problem now is getting it back from my friends when they listen to it.
The best thing about this one is that I can play it in all those other  devices I already own - Walkman, car stereo, boombox, what have you, plus  it plays on its own.  This hybrid is different than all the rest - this is  what I was finally waiting for.  Check it out.
I bought this MP3 player online, and it's great. This has plenty of memory at a very inexpensive price. I only use WMAs, because they are half the size and still superb quality. This is an amazing product that will blow you away!Pros:inexpensive memorybacklit displayupgradable in the futurebuilt in mic!12 hours of music on one chargeCons:somewhat confusing to install (software)
Dont belive these bad reviews. You can get this player for $40 on ebay, and it is great. First of all it will Never, Ever Skip. SEcond it IS durrable I use mine while on my treadmill and have droped it many times. It plays perfect still.The trick is so songs dont cut out is you need to wait a few seconds before unplugging it from the computer. The volume is fine unless you enjoy being deaf! The screen is easyer to read then the small Mp3 players made today.
I've had a fairly long list of MP3 players: Rio 300+500, Nomad and Nomad II, Sony Memory Stick, 2 CD-MP3 Players and the raveMP2300..The raveMP2300 bests them all.  Someone made a point that only 9 songs fit on a single disc.  If you encode a 128kbps MP3 into a 64kbps WMA file, you get near-equal sound at half the file size.  It sounds even better if you rip a WMA from the CD directly.  The raveMP player is capable of playing WMAs, so I can fit near 75 minutes on a $10 disc.  The sound quality is excellent, and if you get a pair of headphones with volume control, you will get a volume boost, even though the volume is comparable to other MP3 players to begin with.
I love listening to music and hate logging around a cd player so when I heard of this product using Iomega Click disks I was interested.  They hold 40 minutes of music on each disk and I can use as many as I want.  Smart media [costs more for] 32mb and for the same [amount of money] I can get 400Mb of storage with the click disks.  I wish the volume was a little louder but I really love using this thing to listen to my music when I want.
... The card will only hold a couple of songs though, but u can get a stronger card. The sound is great and its fairly easy to hook up. This is a great player and its good quality.
This product is so economic & small! The price is really fair. You can have it for less than [amount] in some stores (without Compact Flash Card & Reader but with earphones).This MP3 Player has 90mW power output: where mostly all MP3 players has 60mW... It's really useful in a noisy environement (subway, a lot of people talking, etc...).Some help for those whom owns the JS-50U (the I-JAM CompactFlash Card Reader), you need to update the drivers from Microtech (ZIO Reader is the same) or Delkin (eFilm Reader-2). I guess the guy before who reviewed this product didn't have the correct version of the drivers. Be sure to initialize the CompactFlash cards in FAT (not FAT32 or NTFS).
Small! Good Mp3 songs playing quality,(actually, no much difference from different brands of Mp3 players). The radio is OK since it's a plus function. And the Sandisk reader can be used as a small mobile harddisk:) By the way,nothing is wrong for this product being made in China. Actually, another great product by China..
I bought this several weeks ago and I take it EVERYWHERE! I love that it is USB and I can make downloads to the player's adapter very fast. The radio is a GREAT feature. My friends go ripped off when they bought other MP3 players. There is one are two things I dislike though first it comes with 2-16 MP cards instead of 1 32 MB and also the tracks are called Track 1 and so on instead of the name of the song. But  all and all you can't get more for the money! BUY IT TODAY! Also the light in the back is a great feature.
This product is amazing, so many songs, so little time.... I guess ill just have to clear my schedual for this baby.  Im tellin you this is truly an outstanding product, and I recomend it to EVERYONE!!
The beautiful thing about this MP3 player is that it uses CompactFlash memory, AND supports the new IBM 1GB Microdrive! I have a Kodak digital camera that uses CompactFlash, so the i2Go is 100% compatible with the memory I use with my camera. There are many CompactFlash readers available for a decent price which make adding/removing files to the memory the FASTEST of all the MP3 players. If you don't have a reader, the USB connection on the i2Go is fast enough (as fast as any other player). It may not be able to play WMA files, but I could't care less. Because this unit IS NOT DEPENDENT on proprietary software (if you use the CF reader), you can load/unload MP3's on almost any operating system, including Linux.All you have to do is drag-and-drop the MP3's to the CF reader drive letter. The i2Go can take up to a 340MB CF card, or a 1GB Microdrive which is the best in its class. The i2Go isn't the smallest player, but it's smaller than a tape player and it's built really well. To top it all off, the player was the best price I could find.
Its very compact,it offers an exquisite sound. i cant think of any thing to say... its just great!!  its definetly something you'll drool over to own!!!
This is my first player of its kind that I own and I think it's great. Getting the whole accessory kit with it is definitely the way to go (though I got mine much cheaper than the regular price by buying a &quot;used&quot; one that was still in its original box). I can now rip my CDs and listen to them without lugging around a bulky portable CD player or worry about skipping. When I first got it, there was a slight but distinct hiss during playback. But when contacted Intel about it, they just had me send it back and they sent me a brand new one with no hiss (and I could swear that the FM reception is better too). Apparently, there was a glitch in the hardware of some of the players that were put out.The headphones it comes with are fine (great sound quality), but since they are foam, I can't really use them when I work out because I sweat a lot and they can get messy. So I just bought some earbuds to use when I work out.Although this doesn't have the mammoth memory capacity of the I-Pod or the new mp3 player from Rio (20 GB!), it's not like it's really important to me to put my entire cd collection on the player. 128 mb is plenty for me. All in all, I highly recommend it.
At first I was skeptical in purchasing an MP3 player but Intel definitely placed alot of thought into this brand of electronic device.  I like it alot!  The only fault though is the limitations to only 128mb, which means you can't upgrade it if you choose to but, the radio feature makes up for it!
I did a thorough internet search to see what the best MP3 player would be. I was not disappointed with the Pocket Concert. Intel has really out done itself. I have never seen a device made so precisely, and that worked so flawlessly. Intel will show you how to use the device at their site so that when it arrives you can use it without a hitch. I've shown it to friends and relatives who gave similar responses. No flash cards to deal with, and the software is easy to use. The headphones are comfortable and have excellent sound quality. I am still amazed that any product could be made so well. I have nothing negative I can possibly say about it. My hats off to the engineers, and designers responsible for producing this product. I've worked in the quality control field for over 17 years, and believe me this thing is complete quality. Make sure you order the entire product including the kit.
This is a great MP3 Player for any purposes..from work-outs to cook-outs this thing performs beautifuly. It doesn't skip in the least bit, and it holds alot of songs. The accessory kit is a pretty important thing to buy cuz it allows downloads to the MP3 much quicker. The carrying case is great and so are all the extra hook-ups. A over-all INCREDIBLE MP3 player, I recommend it to all!
I've had this player for about a year now, and I still use it daily (a lot more than I can say for some of my other electronic toys).The pros:  assuming that you have made the decision to go with a flash player, this is the best available in terms of memory and price; the design is winsome; the track loading speed is good, if not blazing;and the sound is terrific.The cons:  the software is a little clunky (you can play songs in the order the tracks are loaded, or play randomly, but you can't re-order a playlist once it's downloaded); it's a bit of a battery hog (get the rechargeable batteries; they'll pay for themselves in weeks); the 128 memory is not upgradeable, which means that someday the player will be obsolete as other players add more memory at lower prices; and it takes a little too much twiddling for my taste to change settings like bass and random play.Overall, though, ny quibbles are few and this device has been a constant companion for a record length of time.
This was one of my first mp3 players It worked well and sounded great and good to use at the gym.
I just bought this thing today and took it out for a 20mile ride.  It's everything I wanted.  Good sound quality, rechargeable battery, 2 hrs plus of mp3 quality sound, good functionality.It's worth the money for someone who wants a lightweight quality player.  Uploading songs is also pretty quick using the USB cable.-jeff
The pocket concert is so cool it is so reliable and easy to use. It has a very nice menu setup so are able to find any song quickly. I fit about 30 songs on my pocket concert. The radio is not clear at all tough. It is great if your lookin for an mp3 player get this one.
I bought this player for my 11 year old daugther.  She started using it imediately with no help from me.  The MusicMatch software included, allowed her to pay her favorite CDs on the Intel MP3 Player, and mine also.  It is small and lightweihgt, and she easely takes it everywhere.  The cassete adapter allows us to hear digital music on the car.
I shopped around for an MP3 Playe rfor awhile, and this one seemed the best bet for the money- as far as the car hook-up and stereo hook-up, among other things. It's worked great for me so far, with the only feature I don't like at all is being able to manipulate the songs once they're on the player. You can't change the track order, or move songs from the player to a computer. The Intel program basically sucks, but MusicMatch is okay as long as you know how to use the software. And that stupid blinking light on the charger... Anyway- a handy product overall. The interface is easy to use, and it's nice and tiny, but very strong. I've enjoyed it a whole lot.
I set out to buy this just before Christmas.  No stores around me had it in stock.  The only place I could find it was at a Best Buy, 100 miles away for $... .  Out of the clear blue I found one at Sams Club, with the accessory package, for $... .  I couldnt believe what I saw.  And, that did not include the rebate.  Total price under $..., what a deal!!!As for the unit itself, I cant say enough good about it.  The only shortcoming is the FM radio which is useless.  I love the features, its easy to use, has lots of memory, and the price I paid is unreal.Highly recommeded.  Check at Sam's Club first.
Very good player--best in class if you ask me.Just make sure your headphone jack works.  If it doesn't, send it back.  Litmus test--jog.  :+)  128 megs capacity for about 2 hours of quality music, plays .mp3 and .wma files and will play other formats in the future, good sound quality.  Overall the best bet.  Buy the accessory pack.IF YOU ARE THINKING OF BUYING A PLAYER WITH CHANGEABLE MEMORY CARDS, RETHINK.The cost ratio is way too high to actually keep dedicated music on those things (at least a buck a minute for music right now) and switchable cards are more of a pain than they are worth.
I've had this unit for about 6 months now and I am totally satisfied with it. The software works extremely well, download times are negligible. The unit is easy on batteries, sounds very good and has plenty of volume, enough even if you are playing a file which has low volume. The controls are a little tricky, I can't say I'm nuts about the thumbwheel, but at least they keep the appearance of this badboy clean and neat. I've also sweated on it a lot while running and even run through a downpoar with it in the neoprene pouch. So far, its holding up perfectly. Money well spent!
I was initially quite skeptical of getting a portable MP3 player, as I already had a portable MiniDisc player, but the Pocket Concert put my fears to rest. The two main reasons I think this player is great are the memory and the amplifier.  First, the 128 megs of onboard memory holds a good 2 hours of music at a really nice bitrate. This proved to be perfect for me, as I use it mostly while walking or going to the gym, which is usually an hour and a half activity. 2 hours is the perfect amount of storage time.  Second, whatever little amplifier they used in the Pocket Concert, it's *great*. The sound is totally clear, and you can really crank it up with a decent pair of headphones and it comes out loud and clear, the sound doesn't go flat at all. There's very little background noise as well, it comes through very clean.  The unit is well constructed, quite small, and I also like the docking station that comes with the Accessory kit (i've got it hooked into my living room stereo so I use the USB cable for the computer).  All in all, this is an excellent player, and in my opinion well worth the money. I never looked twice at any other player, and i'm completely satisfied with this one.
So there I was staring at the remains of my old Diamond Rio after my dog destoyed it...  How did he know I had an Air Supply song on there?  Anyway I shopped around and the Intel MP3 player seemed to be the best value.  I also like that it was software upgradeable and I figured I could trust Intel to stand behind their product and actually deliver on the upgrades.  (I base this on the fact that I just downloaded a flash upgrade on my five year old Intel motherboard from their web site.)So far so good.  I use it everyday and have had no problems and the sound quality is execellent.  Way better than my Rio which sounded tiny.  I even hooked it up to my stereo and blasted the dog with bad rock music from Finland.The interface is easy to use and the bundled software is pretty decent.  I can also afford to listen to better quality music now that I have 128MB and it still holds 4X as many songs as my old player.  I don't use the radio feature that much but it seems to work fine.  It feels solid and well built and has survived a drop from my desk at work without any problems.  I know plenty of people who have nothing but hassle with their players so I think I made the right choice.
I really like my Intel Pocket Concert. It was a hard decision to make between it and the Rio 800 128. I finally went to Intel for some important reasons. One, it has a stereo dock! Since the computer with the cable modem on it is down in the office, I can easily put songs on my Intel and have them playing with EXCELLENT sound quality on my home stereo. Two, the stereo dock, can charge NiMH rechargable batteries. (I like having the two AAA bateries because if I go for a long trip and the batteries die, and can just pop in some new ones. With the Rio, I'd have to wait until I was in a place to recharge it for 2.5 hours). Three, trying to upgrade the Rio is a joke. It almost... (when I checked) to get a new 32MB backpack! The Intel has 128MB and that's just fine. I have 30 songs on here with room to spare! The USB transfer is fast, and the sound quality is great. The only thing you will need is maybe to get a new pair of headphones (the ones that come with the Intel are cool but do not fit everyone).
This was my first mp3 purchase. I wanted something for the gym that was light yet held a couple hours of music. As soon as it came, I installed the software and transferred some music. The software installation and copying went very well. That was nice to see! The rechargable batteries last a few trips to the gym. Haven't counted but that's about 5 hours, at least. The only gripe I have is the length of the headphone cord. It's gotten caught on the equipment and sent the unit flying off my waist. However, it didn't skip a beat!! I just wrap the cord around the unit a couple of times and that fixed the problem. Overall, IMO, it was a fantastic purchase.
I have not opened the package yet because it is a gift. So Ill be back with a performance review. However the sellers were good with keeping me up to date and the item arrived on time.
This MP3 player is by far the best on the market.  I received it for my birthday after months of begging for a MP3 player.  Initially I was turned off due to the lack of expandable memory, but after owning a Rio with expandable memory for about one day I realized it was more heartache than it was worth.  The 128MB memory of the INTEL Pocket Concert is more than enough for my needs.  Those reviews bashing the headphone jack of the player are bunk, I have not had a mechanical problem with the player yet and I have owned it for eight months.The only problem I have had is, having to wrestle it away from my husband...wonder what he is getting for his birthday :)
This is the best sounding boom box I have heard in years!  Compares only to the Bose Acoustic Wave Music System that cost me ($$$) and does not play MP3.The MP3 playback can only display the song after it is playing so it can be difficult to search for a song if you do not know the album number and song number.  A minor drawback is that it is bigger than your average boom box but the sound more than makes up for that.  For me it is all about the sound so for me this is the best MP3 boom box in the market.
Great sound.  MP3's play great.  I have this at work and now I have something to look forward to when I come in.  Philips website shows that it has a three band equalizer, but it only has bass &amp; treble controls.  Everything else about it is great!
I've had this boombox for about 5 months now.  After a month or so, it stopped recognizing CD's, both CD-Rs and regular audio CD's.  I returned it (just past the 30 day warranty, but a nice rep from pcconnection.com still exchanged it) and my 2nd one has not had any problems whatsoever.  The sound is awesome.  I usually turn the UltraBass off to conserve battery power, however.  This is a hefty boombox (especially with 8 D cells) so I wouldn't want to walk up and down the beach with it all day, but it's nice to have at a picnic.  Technical specs say there is a 3 band equalizer (Treble, Bass can be set from -5 to +5) and then there is the UltraBass button (which overrides the regular Bass setting).  I don't know if I'd call that a 3-band EQ, but I'm not into marketing...  The remote offers every function except setting the sleep timer and turning the unit on.  I imagine that you can't turn the unit on with the remote because that would require the boombox to use up some kind of 'standby' power - draining batteries.  I paid [$$$]for the unit and compared it to the Sony MP3 boombox at the same price.  I like the looks of the Sony more, but I knew that I'd get better bass from a bigger boombox.  I also haven't had much luck with Sony portables and FM reception.  I really enjoy the AZ4000's radio reception (& 30 presets).
Everything can be controlled by the remote control on this unit!  (Except the sleep timer and turning unit on by remote.) The radio and the CD player sound awesome!  The blue backlight is very functional.  The Ultabass 2 thumps!  However the advertisements say the unit has "Incredible Surround Sound."  There is no mention of it in my owner's manual and it is nowhere to be found on my player. I still highly recommend this player.  Does a great job decoding MP 3 disk. A great buy!
Purchased my Rio 600 about 3 months ago and i must say i am pretty impressed. I read many complaints and wonder to myself if i am the only electronic-literate person that visit's this website.  Or maybe i just don't have fat fingers or DROP it everyware. :-PNevertheless, i take it snowboarding and through pretty hard falls it stayed together.  My battery life is near 8 or 9 hours. Prehaps other people have problems with battery life because volume is too high or somthing? And another thing, if you are a reasonable age (lets say.. 40 or less?) the LCD ISN'T HARD TO READ, get some bifocals if it is. For people complaining about overall quality-of course there will be more problems with these then other MP3 players, this specific model sold more than any other, so obviosly the more units sold the more defective untis there will be. Thanks and have a good New Years.
I ordered this thing and then read the reviews(dumb I know). When it arrived I was concerned. I use it for Audible Books. I opened the box hooked it to the computer. I had no trouble getting it up and running. It seems like a quality product. Not at all [as bad]as others have stated. I use my own ear buds as preference, the ones that came with it work fine. I have used it for many many hours and have not had a single glitch. I am very pleased with this product. I really don't see what the others were complaining about.
When I baught this, I was worried, 'cause I'd heard there were a lot of battery problems and such. Not so! I've had no problems at all. The great thing is, even though it doesn't have more memory than its competitors, it plays WMA files, so you can fit tons of music on it (I got 51 songs, and they sound great!). Also, the earbuds are much better than you think. They look really funny in the picture, but they are actually quite comfortable. It also has great internal software. Instead of cycling through information for the song you're listening to, they gave the screen good enough resolution that you can see everything about the song (name,format,lenght,bitrate,volume, track number, etc.) on there at once. It doesn't take a second or two to move through menu options like some, either. I've owned several mp3 players, and this one has more thought put into how it works than any other I've seen. Also, it's really customizable, and upgradable for future formats, more memory, lots of stuff. It has great sound quality.The one thing that could be a little annoying is that the buttons are kind of small. This doesn't bother me, but if you have big hands, this may not be the player for you. All in all, this thing is a great value (especially if you get it used, like I did). In short, get this one! ; )
This was my first MP3 player.  Worked well for the time I had it, and it was top of the line when I bought it.  I thought it was a quality product for the price.
This a great player right out of the box. The software was so easy to use that the first night I had it i was listening to music before I went to sleep.There is a whole lot of room on it too. At RioHome.com/ there is a promo that when you send in you proof of purchase and a form you get at the siteand your receipt you recieve  a 32mb backpack for FREE!!! thats just another maybe half hour of music.There maybe is one problem that this thing eats up batterys quicky!Ever since I've had it it has worked perfecty. Also with the USB connection to the mp3 player it downloads the files a lot quicker than an old parallel line. I recomend this mp3 player to anyone who is looking to buy one.IT'S GREAT!!!!!!!!!!
I bought a Nomad 2c recently and I have not had any problems yet.  The sound is great.  There were only a few drawbacks though.  1. It comes with no headphones. 2. Batteries do not last to long.  I would recomend going up to the regular Nomad 2 if you have a little extra money, because the Nomad 2c with the accesories kit is only about 30-40 dollars cheaper and the regular Nomad 2 comes with an FM radio.  It is still an excellent player.
Being an active runner, I used my Rio 500 every day for almost two years.  It was a dark day when the unit finally started malfunctioning, though it was well overdue with the type of stress I put it through.  So I began my search for a new mp3 player, specificly one that would top my current Rio both memory and performance wise.  After a few days of visiting my local best buy and reading reviews, I chose the Nomad IIc.  Why change my loyalties from a company which granted me a unit that lasted over two years?  Simply put, Creative offered a much superior product for a better price.  I was able to purchase the Nomad IIc, the docking unit, Koss SportaPro headphones (which I also recommend), and a 128mg Viking Smartmedia card for a price still under the retail value of the Rio 800.How does the unit perform?  Perfectly.  Compared to the Rioport software, Creative Playercenter 2 was a relief to use.  Instead of the constant lockups and messy interface associated with Rioport, I was met with a efficient piece of software which I proudly added a quicklaunch icon to.  As far as memory, I'm pumping out 160mg of mp3 goodness that sounds incredible on my Koss SportaPro headphones.  I was pleased to find that the menu also featured a &quot;lineout&quot; mode, which made it very easy to switch between running and use in my car.  In the Rio I had to reset the custom EQ settings to 0 bass 0 treble.  The belt clip COULD be tighter, but the unit has shown no intention of slipping even as I sprint down the road.  Creative has won me over with their Nomad product line, and I recommend this unit to anyone who is an avid runner or simply wanting a good value.
The Nomad II C is the economy version of the Nomad II which includes the items in the accessory kit(headphones, remote, car adapter).  Due to the availability of the newer Nomad IIs with the built in flash memory, I think the Nomad II C is a better option now(6/29/01).  The currently available(older) Nomad IIs that come with the accessory items, a builtin FM Tuner, and a smartmedia card, either 32mb or 64mb.  However, the II C has 32mb of builtin memory and a smartmedia slot.  So the unit can currently support up to 160mb of storage with the newest firmware from nomadworld.com, since the current IIs have only a smartmedia slot, you need to take out the 32mb or 64mb of memory and replace it with the 128mb(or other max size, anyone know if it supports 128mb?) card.  So far, the only place the newer Nomad IIs(that have builtin memory) are available are at the nomadworld web site.  However, the IIs HAVE a FM Tuner, the II C DOES NOT, if this is important to you, then wait for the new ones to become available, or buy it from nomadworld.com.  Oh, and do get the accessory kit if you buy the II C, the remote is well worth it.  The main controls are on a directional control pad on the front center of the unit, it's very easy(especially if you have fat fingers like me) to hit stop or pause when you're trying to change tracks.  BTW, I've used the Viking Smartmedia 128MB Card.
This is the first MP3 player I have owned and i am extremely satisfied. My friend has the Nomad 2 so i knew that the Creative Labs digital audio line was a good one. I decided to get the Nomad IIc and an extra 32mb card. This makes the Nomad IIc just the same as the Nomad II if you allready have headphones and you dont want the extra FM radio feature. Why pay 50 bucks for headphones and a radio? I convert all my files to wma at 64kbps to get 32 songs onto my player with the extra 32mb card. This is below CD quality but I cant tell the difference and you get an extra hour of music. The software is also great! It is so simple to use. It only takes about 5 minutes to get a fresh 30 or so new songs onto the player. No moving parts meens no skipping. All around--- a good choice.
After doing my homework and checking out numerous customer reviews, I purchased the Nomad II along with a 64MB Smart Card.This is my first MP3 player and I didn't want to spend more than I had to for a new toy. (I have a digital camera so I have the necessary hardware to transfer music files.) This is far less expensive than purchasing a player with more memory. Getting started was a bit difficult using the sheet of printed directions which came with the player. However, as soon as I consulted and printed out the manual--which is excellent---Go to PROGRAMS -- CREATIVE --NOMAD II and you will find the manual.(Before you activate the manual start the Adobe program or the manual won't automatically appear. I printed it out so I could comfortably follow the directions and learn to use all the features. The software is good and as long as you consult the help menu. It's very easy to install music and play it back. Enjoy!
I've had the Nomad IIc for about three months and couldn't be more pleased. It's extremely light weight, it's durable, dependable, easy to operate and the quality of the sound is wonderful. The software was easy to load and easy to use. Downloading into the IIc is a snap. I had a 128m card in the desk drawer when I got the IIc and immediately filled it will music. I also had a couple of 64m cards from a previous I-Jam player that I gave away (piece of junk) and I filled those. Changing genres is easy...jazz on one care, blues on another, classic rock on yet another. Using the 128m card, plus the onboard memory, I can get about 3 hours of music into the little guy. You can pay a lot more and not get the features and quality of the IIc. It's a great product from a great company. If you get one, you will not be disappointed.
Well I bought this and the Viking 128MB card and well...so far have been pretty much addicted. All the features that I need and have figured out everything (except how to set the time) without the manual.Like many other reviews have stated, the headphones make all the difference. I started with &quot;The Plug&quot; by Koss but didn't like the way they felt in my ears after many hours. So I bought the Sportapros by Koss and have been very happy (just make sure you configure them on the Nomad to be line driven and not player driven).The software has worked fine for me on my Win2000 machine. Just loaded from the CD and then updated the sw from the update on the Nomad site. Also, the firmware upgrade to support the 128MB card worked flawlessly.I am VERY glad the I purchased the 128MB mem card. This gives me the room to load a good variety of music without constantly downloading new ones (which is very smooth and easy).
I've only had the thing about a half an hour, but I'm already certain I made a great choice.  You can't beat the price on this thing.  Being a Mac user I was thrilled that it works with iTunes and quite nicely and easily too.  I think the interface is fine.  It took me a second to figure out how to start a voice recording, but other than that. its pretty much like using an onscreen VCR program.  Sound quality is great at 128kps and pretty good at 64.  If there is anything negative about this player its the meager 32MB's of memory,  but its not like you'll find anything cheaper at this quality level.  Hopefully the Smart Disks will start coming down in price soon.  The belt clip seems ok to me, but I haven't taken it running yet.
This mp3 player is a really great value!  They don't throw in accessories like a cradle, power adaptor, or even headphones.  The result is a really nice, easy to use, expandable mp3 player for $X.  The standard USB cable and software to use for downloading are really easy to setup and use.  It's also great to have the SmartMedia slot for additional, *standard* memory!
There are many mp3 players on the market now, but few actually have the combined features of the Nomad IIC such as 32 mb base (with up to 128 mb addition for a total of 160), upgradeable firmware, excellent sound and display system, and quality design. As a fickle audiophile, I researched many hours on the net and used Consumer reports as an unbiased guide to make my decision.As a testament to the quality of of this player (or my lack of coordination) I have dropped the machine several times from 5-8 foot heights and have been amazed at the resilience of the player. 128 mb of space will yield approximately 30 songs at 128 kbps. Unlike other mp3 players, this system is LOUD...loud enough to cause bilateral sensorineural hearing loss (not kidding)...the system software allows for ease of mp3 transfer files and is upgradeable through the web site...for ($)plus ($)for the additional memory card, this machine is a bargain...just have some decent headphones, this system doesn't come with one, unless you buy the kit which is NOT worth the money.In short, pros: excellent (and loud) sound, qaulity casing, ease of use, upgradeable firmware, reasonable pricecons: short battery life, 2-3 hours depending on frequency of use
I'll make this short and sweet. This player is not bogged down with a bunch of stuff you don't need. It's very simple to use, volume is adequate, sound quality superb and battery life is great. Don't waste good money on expensive players, this is all you will need!
it's [inexpensive] and works very well.unfortunately it only has 32 mb build in memory, so you have to either download 64-bit mp3s or get a smart media card.the software took me almost 3 minutes to figure out; it was fairly easy to use, even though the interface isn't all that great.the transfer rate is very goodi recommend buying this, buying a more expensive one would be a waste of money, unless you want the fm radio, car adapted, etc.you can actually buy those all very [inexpensively] in the accesories kitalthough, if you're willing to spend some more money, go for either the regular Nomad II or the Nomad II "MG"anyway, back to playing my mp3s!
You can't beat this for 2 1/2 hours of mp3 music.  Buy the player and buy a 128MB card and you are set.I upgraded from the Rio PMP 300 because I wanted more max memory.This is a great device (it's my 4th mp3 player). It is very small and stylish, has USB to transfer songs faster than I can pick them, software is good, firmware upgrades are easier than with my Rio Volt, supports WMA, records voice, nice DSP and has user a customer setting.The volume level is good, there is a nice track title display instead of numbers, menus have nice config options (time off, backlight, contrast, etc), Creative doesn't charge you extra for cheap headphones!Negatives: memory sits over battery a little. This is a problem if you change rechargeables often. Alkalines should last long enough that it wont matter.
I have the newer Nomad IIc digital audio player with 64 MB onboard memory (model: DAP-6406), but Amazon doesn't have it listed yet so I decided to write my review here.This digital audio player is great for people who are looking for an alternative to CD-players and hard-drive based music machines. It has no moving parts, which means no skipping, so you can use it while jogging or playing sports. It is small, lightweight, and only requires 1 &quot;AA&quot; battery, although you'll probably want to invest in NiMH rechargeable batteries.The sound quality is amazing. I use my own headphones and not the ones that come with the player, however, so that likely makes a difference. But the quality and loudness of the music is exceptional nonetheless...I can hear perfectly with a volume setting of &quot;3&quot; and if I switch to DSP mode I can hear with no problem at volume &quot;0&quot;! Amazing sound for such a small device.Before I got it, I wondered about the set-up, since I heard that these machines can be a pain sometimes. The Nomad IIc was very simple to get going. I just installed the Playcenter software and drivers on my machine (running Windows 2000 Pro), plugged in my player via USB port, and I was able to transfer files. The interface is similar to the FTP program WS_FTP, where you have two panes -- one for files on your computer and one for files on the player. Just select the files, click &quot;Transfer&quot;, and that's it. Very easy to use.The layout of the player is pretty good too. You can do the normal play, stop, skip, ffwd, etc. functions as with a CD player. There is also voice recording capabilities which is pretty cool -- it encodes a large amount of audio in WAV format. The player has an option that shows you how much memory is in use and even allows you to directly erase items without connecting to a computer. The backlit LCD screen is readable and it doesn't take long to figure out how all the buttons work.The big question most people ask concerns memory. I specifically chose the 64 MB model because I knew 32 MB wasn't much. With 64 MB I can cram about 18 full-length MP3 songs on it (about an hour of music), or double that if I do Windows Media Format, which the player supports. If 64 MB isn't enough, there is one expansion slot for a Smartmedia card -- currently the player can support a 128 MB card for a total of 192 MB of memory. It is firmware-upgradeable, however, so as better technology comes out you can easily upgrade your player.Overall, the Nomad IIc digital audio player is probably the best portable music machine on the market and I highly recommend it.
I did a lot of research before buying my mp3 player and I know these reviews help, so I'll try to be as detailed as I can. At frist I was unsure about buying an mp3 player because they hold so few songs. I thought about buying a 64 or 128 megabite player but was turned off buy their very high prices. I began researching the nomad II and found that it had 32 megabites of built in memory, which means that there is no smartcard involved with the original 32 megs you get. Then I started looking at the prices for smart media cards. I was originally going to get a 128 bite card, but again the price was too much. I settled for the 64 megabite viking card. I went for the viking because it was cheaper and just as good as the competition. In fact the only differce is the name. With the built in memory and the 64 MB card i can fit about 30 mp3 files onto my mp3 player. This is the perfect amount for me. I get about 1 and 1/2 to two (2) hours of music(all files were mp3 files, not WAV). The other thing I wasn't sure about was how well the software would be. I have over 300 mp3 files on my hard-drive and I use MusicMatch as my default mp3 player. At first I thought I would have to transfer all of my musicmatch mp3's over to the Creative Labs software. To my surprise, the software for the nomad II accepted my MusicMatch files and I was able to transfer all of them to the mp3 player no problem. If you're wondering how long it takes to transfer mp3 files, it's pretty darn quick. It only took me about five minutes to add a fresh 30 or so songs to the nomad II. The battery life on the nomad II is great. On average you get about 10 hours of battery life, which is pretty good considering it's only one battery and my cd player only gets 12 hours of battery life with two batteries. Some other reviews said that the menu navigation was difficult, I found no problems and it only takes a little tinkering with to get all the controls down pat. The only problem with the nomad II is it comes with no ...instruction booklet. You have to get the instructions off of an adobe acrobat file. That's a big pain in the [behind]. The other software that comes with the player is ... obsolete. The only program I kept installed was the Creative sound lab so that I could transfer mp3's to the player. I will continue to use MusicMatch as my mp3 player and I'm sure your other programs like Real Jukebox will be more gutsy when It comes to listening to music on your computer. All in all the nomad II is the best for the price, and I would recomend buying additional cards to expand the memory.
After looking at pretty much every mp3 player there is, i narrowed it down to this one. i read all the reviews and im convinced that this is the best player for the money so i guess ill ive it a try
This is my first mp3 player and im very happy with it i was burning music onto it within 5 minutes it is very easy to use the price is excellent,the sound is crystal clear, if you are looking for your first mp3 player i highly recommend the IIc
I did alot of reaserch befor deciding on this mp3 player. I looked at CD players MD players and MP3 players. CD players are to big and skip so i threw those out of the picture, MD players dont skip very often or not at all but are extreamly expensive and no one sells any stuff in MD's and writing songs to an MD takes forever (so says my freind). So i focused on MP3's and when i saw this one i was amazed at the price and at first i though there was somthing wrong b/c [price] for an MP3 player with a nice big backlit display and all the other nice features that come with this player is a very good deal. I read all the reivews and looked at all the specs, I found no one had any serious complaints and the player it self looked good to. Plus its upgradable, its got firm ware and you can increase the storage to a max of 160MB (untill they make larger smart media cards that is). When i got it I was amazed at how easy to use it was and how great it sounded, and even tho it says the lcd screen is hard to navigate thats not true, if you have half a brain you can get it.  Also I saw no problems with the software that came with it... it was quite nifty.  I could crank up the sound untill my ears blew off so no problems with power:) If your looking into getting any type of music player get this one! you wont regret it.
This little guy is one great performer. Responsiveness with iTunes is amazing. When you connect your player via USB, iTunes will display it on screen within a couple seconds. I've found I like hooking it up off the side of my keyboard. The USB cable that came with it is incredibly sturdy and I doubt anyone out there would ever wear it out. To make the niceties even greater, Creative made a standard USB port on the side. So you can easily hook this up without needing a special cable with a small connector. The 32mb onboard is nice, but the expansion options are superb. Though Creative has not publicized it (I haven't the faintest idea why!) the latest firmware update you can download from them will add support for 128mb Smart Media cards. That's 160mb, five times the original capacity. It took jumping some hoops to talk with tech support to find that out. ....  Playback is incredible. There is no hiss or interference, the fact that you've gone digital will be crystal clear when you listen. The output volume goes up a tad over too loud, which you'll like if you enjoy damaging your ear drums like me. In the past I'd have to turn music up really loud to just hear the full spectrum of what I was listening to. After using this a while, I've found I listen to things quieter because I don't have to struggle to hear the subtlties in the music. The display is gorgeous. It displays your battery indicator, volume level, elapsed time of track, name tag, artist tag, and encoding rates all at the same time! The display is also backlit (glows green). The only problem I have with it, isn't so much the screen but the interface. I'm really getting nit picky here though. What bothers me, is you have to stop playing your music in order to make changes to the contrast of your screen or backlighting. You'll hardly ever have to make these changes, but it seems to me this shouldn't affect playback. The player is smaller than a deck of cards and is really light. It's powered by one AA. I don't know how long it runs for yet. For you Mac users out there, get this:I have iTunes installed on my computer. Upon opening up the player I just hooked it up to my Mac and started using it without using the installation disc or having to do any configuration! Plug 'n Play nirvana realized.
Only complaints are that the 2 memory cards are treated completely separate and USB transfer is very slow. Very small, very light weight, seems sturdy (although I have not dropped it yet). I never installed any of the software, since I use iTunes and it is just supported.
This mp3 player is exceptional in a variety of things. First and foremost, the sound quality is excellent. I had bought a Rio One before and the sound quality wasn't good at all (plus there was a constant whirring noise in the backround). Second, the display is great. The voice recorder is of OK caliber, but is not that great. Don't get me wrong, it IS a nice feature, but the quality could be better. If you read any other reviews, ignore the constant comments about it being hard to navigate through the menus. It's easy! I had doubts about buying this player at first, but I love it. I highly suggest you buy this player. Oh yeah, WHEN you buy it (I'm confident you will) be sure to go to nomadworld.com and upgrade it's firmware. Finally, their customer support is second to none. It is excellent support, they answer your question and get back to you right away (unlike Rio/Sonicblue support, who just give you a generalize response).Let me leave you with two words: Buy It!
I have done tons of research on MP3 players. When I found out about the Nomad IIc, I decided to give it a try. I fell in love with it immediately. Within minutes, I was uploading WMA files to it. I was able to fit 11 WMA songs at 96 Kbps (CD Quality Hi). It even recognized my 80 Kbps (CD Quality Lo) WMA files, in which a previous player did not. With my 128MB SmartMedia expansion, I was able to fit 6 complete CD's worth of WMA using Windows Media Player's portable transfer tool. The sound quality is superb and the 5 band equalizer just made it better. The USB interface makes transfers of all files (MP3, WMA, and non-music data) quick and easy....
i think that this is the best damn 32 megabyte mp3 player on the market right now. its got great features, durable as all hell, and just looks cool. its easy to use, lightweight and compact, and is worth every cent that you pay for it. it doesnt take more than 5 minutes to figure out how to use it, and in comparison to all of the other mp3 players advertised here, i think that this one is the best.
There seems to be some confusion about the size of SmartMedia card supported by the Nomad IIc. 128MB SmartMedia cards are supported, but you will probably need to upgrade your player's firmware to version 1.05, downloadable from Creative's website. You can check your firmware version by accessing the Info menu on your player. My player shipped with firmware version 1.01.It's possible that some brands of SmartMedia may not play nice with the Nomad, but 128MB SmartMedia support is definitely a feature.Note: I'm not sure if Creative has provided a mechanism for Macintosh users to upgrade beyond firmware version 1.04 without having access to a PC.
Work as advertised.I us it in the cassette player of my Harley.Has never failed in any other cassette player I've tested it in.Only shortcomings the small on/off switch &amp; the belt clip.The player case should lock into the clip, other wise it's prone to slip out and off.Other than that an excellent product.
Well, I read some of the reviews before I bought this, so I wasn't totally sure that it'd be any good. However its great. Contrary to some people's experiences I have had no problems connecting it to my PC through a USB hub. The software installed seamlessly (on XP). At a sample rate of 96KHz for MP3s I get around 2 CDs onto it at once and they sound great. It plays fine in the car cassette player (which is what it was intended for). You can skip tracks backwards and forwards using RW and FF controls on the cassette player. It goes into power standby mode if you leave it switched on when you leave the car. It takes next to no time to download tracks. And you can use it as a standalone MP3 player.Only two grumbles:1. It would be nice if it came off standby as soon as the spindles started turning in the cassette player (it doesn't, you have ot take it out and press the play button once).2. Don't try and upgrade the software that comes with it. I spent 3 frustrating hours trying to sort the mess out before I used the XP 'revert to previous state' feature (boy, am I glad I upgraded to XP).All in all, a neat, easy to use product that delivers on its promises.
I want to say that I read the reviews, and went out and bought this device. I had to return to write a review. This product does EXACTLY what the manufacturer says it can do. If people would actually read what it does, IT DOES IT. I must add here that I am in NO WAY affiliated with the company. After reading the bad reviews, and then buying it, I must say the bad reviews are not just. I needed a way to get my MP3 files to play on my brand new Harley Davidson, without adding a new stereo. The bike came with Cassette... This thing really kicks but. ALl I do is pop it in without any wires, and it plays &quot;effing&quot; great. What it is, is that it does not have a interface when using as walkman style, but you do when useing the software, it shows all music, space available and you can organize songs in any order. Very simple and very functional .The software was easy to install, and everything worked the first time. You may have to turn it on or off once or twice to initialize when connected to your PC...Big deal,,,How many times have I needed to reboot my computer in general. I mean in realty, this thing is a very mini computer. I am not even sure if it is the device or Windows. It never took more than once or twice to click on. The thing is you have to READ the instructions. Most people are lazy and think they know it all. I read and did just what it said and had no problems. It is not hard, it has certain steps to take. I am listening to it as I type this and it sounds great. Now, also it does not have tone, or bass controls, but you do not need it. What MP3 player does? The battery is even rechargeable. This technology is so new and for this thing to do what it does, I have to say, I love it....I actually have the AR264 which is a lesser model than the AR300. Anyway, I am running out of space here so all I can say from my point of view, It does just what it says it can do.Incredible!!
I was Looking at the Rome player and found too many poor reviews to warrant purchasing it.  However the reviews in this site on this device prompted me to look into Digisette.  After a little scare with 2nd day shipping (really not worth it) I recieved it.  The firmware upgrade to listen to WMA isn't necessary, it supports WMA out of the box.  Purchased some Sony headphones to accompany it and Whammo! great audio on the go!  Works in my standard Chevy Tahoe tape deck, rew and ff work great!  Now to add some of the MMC memory to it and see how it works.
I bought this MP3 player after looking around for a long time and being skeptical, given that many of the players on the market have inherent functionality flaws or defects. I settled on this one after a friend bought it and was happy with it; so far I have been using it myself for several weeks, and recommended it to other friends who have acquired it.I have experienced no problems with any of the features -- the installation went smoothly, and transfers of files from the computer to the player go quite fast (there is an animation of dots that shows the progress, which is quite handy.) It is easy to add new songs, re-arrange orders of the songs being loaded, and so on. The playback is great -- very high sound quality (CD-like) and the equalizer also does wonders in enhancing the sound. Several equalizer modes are available (such as classic, jazz, rock), and each one comes with an additional 3D mode which adds awesome effects to some songs. The volume *could* go higher (some of the other reviews complain about volume), however it is not really a problem -- it is loud enough to outdo the loudness of city streets/the subway/etc. The buttons are conveniently located to be able to adjust volume and skip tracks &quot;by feel&quot; without taking the player out of my pocket. The additional &quot;remote control&quot; unit serves as an FM radio and a playback control, however I disconnected it since it seemed unnecessary -- I just plug in the headphones directly into the player.Overall, a great value and excellent functionality. Main advantage over other digital mp3 players: it actually works. MP3 CD players, on the other hand, have skipping problems and eat batteries rather quickly. The batteries with this player give certainly more than 5 hours of playback -- also, the player automatically turns off if you don't use it for a few minutes. I can go on and on about this -- I am extremely happy with the purchase!
For Christmas, I wanted an MP3 Player and I spent countless hours online looking at ones I wanted and finally chose this one.  Whenever it looked like a good player, the reviews said that it was a piece of ..., but I ended up buying this one and man am I happy with it.Reasons It Rocks:-- Sound is great-- Doesn't skip-- Holds 70 songs on 64 kbps quality MP3s (which sound fine)-- Has radio-- Great battery life - around 10 to 15 hoursReasons Not To Buy:-- Only if you have poor judgement will you not buy thisI have read so many reviews trashing players but I think the reason it doesnt work for them is because they didnt read the instruction book before they used it!!!  Thats probably it!
I got my lyra 2 about 5 years ago and it worked perfectly untill now.  It took 5 years of getting beat up from droping, going in my backpack and in my pockets for it to finally fall apart.  Mp3 players like this (flash memory based) are better than the new ipods that break after a week and have moving parts in them.  THink about would you rather buy a product that lasts for 1 week or 5 years.  Over all this mp3 player is a ton better than any ipod.
I got this as a present for Christmas. I was looking into MP3 Players, and I didn't see this one, but I'm SOOOOO glad I got it.It's nice and lightweight, fully portable, and great for running or jogging as it includes a remote control. It includes a 32 MB CompactFlash card, which sutes me, but you may need to upgrade to a better one, as this can only hold about 10 songs, Max. I never thought an MP3 player could have so many features! It has various modes such as Repeat 1, Repeat All, Shuffle, Program, ECT. By the way, I fully disagree with the only bad review on this product. 128 BPS is great sound quality, especially for a portable audio device. If you want something more, go ahead, buy an MP3 player, and end up having less space on the flashcard then the people who bought this product. Some other features include the digital FM tuner. Actually, the signal for that is not great, but in my opinion, I don't care. I don't pay 150 dollars to buy an FM Radio.A 6 band equalizer, also including rock and Jazz DSP modes, and a beautiful backlit LCD display rounds out the features. Loading songs onto the card goes So fast! 1 minute, and you can download 32 minutes worth of songs onto it!If I have to gripe, then I'll say I didn't like the headphones. I bought a pair of sony MDR-W08 Headphones. It makes the sound quality better too.Trust me, if you buy this, you won't be disapointed
When shopping for players, I overlooked Lyra2 because it appears on most sites as having only 64 MB, but I recieved it as a gift and it is GREAT! Because the MP3s are stored on a Flash card, memory is effectively unlimited (I just saw a 514 MB card for sale). I carry it while running - it's small enough to tuck into my shorts and light enough that it doesn't bounce all over. The radio tuner is a neat feature that I'm glad to have, as is the &quot;lock&quot; that prevents buttons from getting pushed unintentionally. It'd be nice if it accepted better quality sound files, but it's not as though I listen to it through top-quality headphones while sitting in a quiet room.  I recommend this player for people who will be out-and-about (you pobably won't notice anything lacking in the sound). Also, if you're getting your MP3s online, chances are they're 128 BPS anyway.
Maybe most of us music freaks are more interested in the sound quality: With the Techno Yepp [ASIN B00005Q2US] you will get it (as well as with the MINI Yepp [ASIN B00005B4BS] which I still own, I purchased another product from Samsung). MP3 is MP3, i.e., the sound quality should be 'original' and it is. There are 4 equalizer modes NORMAL - CLASSIC - JAZZ - ROCK and each of them can be &quot;topped&quot; with the Surround 3D sound effect by just pressing the 3D button.I personally like Voice Recording/Playing very much. The built-in microphone catches much more than I expected, I used it even in a 4 hour court hearing  and got a &quot;digital transcript&quot;. Astonishing, a whispered testemoniy which was almost not to hear over a distance of 18 feet was recorded perfectly.Downloading files TO and FROM the Techno Yepp is fast and easy using the Yepp Explorer Software or Realjukebox, both to install from the CD-ROM disk. Yepp Explorer is just how a software should be: Load it - use it - period .... but make sure Techno Yepp is connected because Explorer will look for!The Remote control with FM radio receiver that has 5 presets is a nice &quot;add on&quot; but should be called &quot;FM radio receiver&quot; and not more. It's true, you can control Techno Yepp with all the buttons on this hexagonal shaped FM radio and you may even show-off with the backlight LCD, but all these, FM radio tuner and backlight are powered from the two AAA batteries located in the Techno Yepp. I would rather like to have a lower price or more built-in memory instead of this FM radio which will eat up the AAA batteries faster. But for a hiker or bicyclist the remote control unit may be very useful (also as an &quot;extension cord&quot; for the quite short earphone cable).A free Tip about &quot;Setting the Modes&quot;: This can be done with the Remote Controller only for REPeats - ALL - SHUffle - INTro. So, this FM radio tuner is a &quot;Mode Setter&quot; too and in case you set mode INTro (enables you to repeat the first second of the tracks saved) you MUST use the Remote Controller to playback a more than 10 seconds.Most of all I like the ergonomic design of the Techno Yepp. I can hold it in my left hand and operate all the functions easily. Feels good - looks good - sounds good. I would buy it again.
I purchased this MP3 player for my 14 year old son for Christmasafter researching quite a few.  He loves it!  He hasn't had any problems with it at all and is very happy with it.  I would definately recommend it.
i have had this product since christmas 2001 and have had no problems with it what so ever the mp3 player gives out rich sound. plays music with no problem too there are many different choices of how you want the music to sound such as rock or classical. i like the way it is very portable.
This is a great player that is so easy to use. The only thing I don't like about it is it uses up batteries fast ,but this player's battery use is a lot less than other players out on the market. I found that if you use the remote the batteries used up really fast. The software is easy to install and really easy to use. I have seen lots of mp3 players and this is one of the easiest to use. A feature that I like about it is the voice recorder. Once you record something you can put it onto you computer and send it in an e-mail or what not. I like my player and use it often. I would recomand this player to everyone.
A very dependable piece of Sony's ingenious gadget. I missed the headphones but nevertheless a good piece to keep always.
I purchased the audiotron 4 months ago and it is just great. It set up flawlessly. The network comments are from people who are just not good with computers, chances are if your interested in this you will be able to set it up.I like to work with the computer at work, not at home. I love being able to listen to music without turning on the computer it is a joy.I use mine with a unix server running samba, so no worries for you linux types.UPDATE:One year later and I am still using this thing everyday. If you buy it you will not be disappointed.
This is great, I finally was able to move the old beige PC from under the TV and replace it wth the smart loking piece of kit. It is great, I can set up all my music in playlists from the PC and play it across the wireless network (used a Linksys WET11 to connect it) on my HiFi. Also, if you are from Europe and you can get one of these from the US you will save a fortune ! All you need is a voltage convertor that can be bought for 20 Euros.
The comments against the Audiotron telling people to get the SliMP3 instead contained many factually incorrect statements.- You do not upload music to the AT - it reads the songs directly over the network much like the SliMP3 does.  The AT does however read the song tag information when you turn it on so that it can give you the ability to easily pick songs by title, artist, album, genre, etc.- The AT has a 40x2 backlit LCD display.  The SliMP3's display does appear to be better I will agree.  The device however is aesthetically poor IMO - look for yourself - search the net for SliMP3.- The AT's &quot;song limit&quot; is approximately 30,000 songs.  This is because it stores the tag data for each song.  This corrosponds to 2000 or more CDs worth of music.- The Audiotron plays MP3s, Windows Media Files, and WAV files - which is more than can be said for the SliMP3.- The Audiotron can play internet radio stations in shoutcast, icecast, or windows media format.  Again, this is more than the SliMP3 can do.- The Audiotron is the same width as and fits in with standard stereo components.  Again, look at the SliMP3 yourself - it ain't pretty.- The Audiotron not only has RCA (standard) audio outputs - it also has a digital (optical) output which the SliMP3 does not.IMO the display quality is about the only thing that the SliMP3 has going for it.  The Audiotron does more and gets constant updates from it's maker (Turtle Beach) improving it's functionality.
Got it a while back, love it. Honestly, I don't see why anyone would pay more $$ for an MP3 player w/local hard disk to store everything locally, when you could just link to your existing network. Spounds like more stuff that could break and cost you yet more $$. This way I can have a music server serve up tunes to my entire network, including my el cheapo laptop in the family room that I use headphones to listen to. Plus I'm getting a 2nd one for back there, and all I'll have to do is hook it up to home network.Plus I don't know what the earlier poster is talking about - it takes &lt;10mins to scan my 235 CDs into the box. I don't do it weekly - my power is a bit more consistent than that, but I suppose if I needed to I could.You could WI-FI in by putting an AP nearby, plus there's a rumor that TB is going to announce a WI-FI version later this year.
Originally, I bought one for my basement, but when I got it I decided to keep it in my livingroom and get another one for my basement.  This is such an impressive device; easy to use, not too complicated setup; great interface.  It really makes your life easier when it comes to listening to music.Nothing like selecting &quot;All Songs&quot; -&gt; &quot;Random&quot; and sit back and listen to all the songs you have in your library.  In my case around ~1800 songs.  Or select a specific artist or genre like &quot;Easy Listening&quot; and sit back and relax.You can also create your own playlists so you can play just your favorites for a special occasion.It beats changing CD any day!
Very pleased with my AudioTron, makes the most of an existing home network and archives of MP3s.  Far cheaper than hard drive-based digital audio receivers, the AudioTron has excellent sound quality, solid construction, and is generally easy to use.  Only took me about 15 minutes to setup, making connections to my reciever and network hub.PROS:- Bright, easy to read LCD display- Solid construction of case & controls, rack-mountable- Digital audio out (optical SPDIF)- Web interface is quite good, makes device accessible throughout your home- Excellent sound quality, particularly when using digital out and higher bit-rate MP3s (192 kbps+)- Great phone support from Turtle Beach, software updates- Adjustable pre-buffering to eliminate interuption of music stream and reduce latencyCONS:- Included remote feels a bit [flimsy], has too many buttons allocated to preset "favorites" while lacking important functionality like accessing "Options" menu- Bundled Audiostation software has a lot of functionality, but a bit buggy (I experienced some difficulty using CD ripping features, but plenty of other software available which provides similar functionality)- Connecting to a wireless 802.11b network requires additional hardware since device only has Ethernet 10Base-T connectionAll in all, an excellent and truly networked device.  Offers more functionality that similar devices (like Rio Digital Receiver) and looks right at home w/ your other stereo components.
1. Doesn't require running some dang server software to read the music files off of your PC - just put your music in a shared directory. Why other players need to install software on your PC baffles me.2. High quality sound.3. Low power consumption. The box hardly gets warm.4. It's a web server - so you can control it from your PC.The Audiotron set the bar very high, and the more modern boxes all fall short of it. So I keep using my Audiotrons (I have 3 of them).
I have slowly gotten all of my CD ripped and tagged correctly and I had been playing all of them via my HTPC.  The only problem was that I need to turn the TV on if I wanted to see any song information.I ended up getting an Audiotron and I have been very happy with it.  It plays back files on shared disks from your PC.  It will play mp3s, windows media, and .wav files.  With the wave file support it will play back perfect uncompressed CDs.  It will also support streaming media station from the Internet.Even though it is a couple of years old, it is very well supported by Turtle Beach and there are some awesome apps that you can run on your desktop to montior and control the Audiotron.I highly recommend it!
I love the audiotron. I now have access to the 100 GB of my music library that is now encoded as MP3 files. Setup was simple -- a little network monkeying was required, but I was up and listening in about an hour. The web interface to the device is simple (even better with 3.0 of the firmware)and has everything you need. Sound is great, and it looks swell next to my NAD separates. Plays mp3s, wma, and streaming radio.Having all of your library accesible this way can really change the way you listen to music, for the better. I haven't used the other, similar devices now available. But, it's hard to imagine the value/money of Audiotron being exceeded. The bundled ripping software is quite good (but you favorite program will work fine, too)If it has any cons it is that you can't directly use it with a wireless network (not a problem in my case as I already had my listening area wired) and it seems to get a bit hot with extended playing.If you have a large MP3 library, and you listen you to music through a good audio system, you need this component.
I still can't believe it:  I bought this on a lark, plugged it into my home Ethernet and into my stereo.  Punched a few buttons, and it SEARCHED all the PCs on my home network, and let me play these MP3s through my main stereo system.And you can control it from your browser across the network.Firmware upgrades are issued regularly, and not just to fix bugs, but to add new functionality.This is one stupendously engineered product.  Awesome.  One of the few pieces of electronics gear that I've purchased in the past couple of years that EXCEEDED my expectations, and in which I have not found flaws even after months of extended use.If you're in the market for this type of device, you will not go wrong with the AudioTron.Disclosure: I have no relationship, monetary or otherwise, with Turtle Beach or any Turtle Beach employees.
I have four audiotron players - 3 in use, and one spare. There remains nothing like this in existence on the present market. It requires NO server software or file modification. It just plays your .mp3 files, sorting by genre, album and artist.I have tried other players, but have been disappointed with difficult programming, lack of user-friendliness, lack of response, and just plain difficulty in using. The Audiotron remains, after all these years, clearly an item ahead of it's time.With just a few simple changes, I believe it would be a viable player today. I suggest only the following: 1. Wireless connectivity, and 2. a FLAC codec. (maybe also the ability to have users load other codecs - wma, ogg, etc.)There are still some of these around. Get one if you can. You probably won't be disappointed.
At first I had trouble setting this unit up, but after a while I figured out the software (audiostation 6) and the audiotron units browser based config utility.  Slightly cumbersome but not that difficult to grasp. all in all its awesome unit, streams all my music files perfectly and great support for internet radio stations. i set up my wife fav local AM station that we cant seem to get OTA but now streams perfect!!But this item without hesitation.
If you have a home network and know something about networking, the Audiotron is an affordable digital audio controller that can sit in your stereo rack.  It took me about 2 hours to run the wires and configure network security so the Audiotron had access to the gigabytes worth of MP3s on one of my servers.  Now, I can control play lists and the receiver from my computer, and my wife can do the same from a distant part of the apartment via a web interface through the wireless network.  The Audiotron is a disk-less client that accesses shared files on your network.  Aside from the ability to control the device through any web browsing software, there are additional advantages to the disk-less approach: (1) it's cheaper, (2) it's more upgradeable since you can share files from any PC on the network & easily add drives to those PCs, and (3) there is no noise from fans + drive operation.The Audiotron provides a digital optical output to your A/V receiver, so the MP3 files get decoded using your high-end A/V receiver's digital-to-analog converter.  Even 128 kbps MP3s sound fantastic on my system although a friend could notice the difference when using 192 kbps MP3s...Turtle Beach provides a set-up utility and a simple web interface to the Audiotron.  3rd party authors have created 2 additional clients (PC/Mac/etc) that can control the Audiotron.  Also, the firmware gets updated regularly.  The web interface has already gotten much better when moving from version 2 to version 3.  The controls on the Audiotron's front panel are fairly intuitive and the LED screen is easy to read.
WOW! After reading some of the previous reviews, I was prepared for a long night of trial &amp; error to get the Nomad IIc and PlayCenter2 software working w/ my Dell Laptop running W2KPro. I was pleased to find the installation a breeze, and EVERYTHING worked as advertised right from the start! I had a sizeable collection of MP3s, so I got right to downloading -- no problem, and quite fast. Ripping CDs? Works like a champ! And the audio quality from the Nomad IIc is unbelievable! I also love the voice recording capability -- great for those &quot;mental notes&quot;. Why didn't I buy one of these before?I even got brave and downloaded a firmware update from nomadworld.com to support my 128MB SmartMedia card. Very simple download and upgrade, and as I write this I'm jamming to 45 of my favorite tunes packed into 160MB! I bought this as a BDay gift for my wife, but if she wants it she'll have to pry it from my cold, dead hands!
When i got this product, i was VERY satisfied. Here are the Pros and cons of theis player.Pros:QUICK TRANSFERRING:I heard some players are a pian to put mp3s on and off of, but not this one! Sometimes i even do it for fun! It's fast and easy.YOU CAN TURN IT OFF:I heard some players you can't turn off. Well, you can with this one.IS NOT A BATTERY EATER:I am not sure how long the batterys last, but it doesn't suck all the juice out in one gulp.GREAT SOUND:It sounds awsome!Okay, here are the cons. Even though there are a small amount of cons, it still gets a five star rating out of satisfaction.Cons:WHERE ON EARTH IS THAT UPGRADE??????When i got it (I have windows XP) i installed it, but it needed an upgrade for it to work on our computer. But it wasn't where it was supposed to be and i had to look for it.HOW MANY PROGRAMS ARE THERE?This isn't that bad, but there was tons of programs it was installing, just to get this little mp3 player to work!THERE IS NO CASE!I saw that other mp3 players had cases with them but this one did not have one. It has a clip on the back though.[....]
This player is excellent for a first time user.  Other than the headphones being too big the features are good.  With an additional smart media card, you have a great little player.
I'm very imporessed by this player.  After downloading the flash file from Creative's web page, my 128mb smartmedia card was recognized.  Definatley recommended!A few more of the nice features;Headphone jack is tight, keeps the headphones in if the unit falls off your belt, acting like a safety cord.The output from the headphone jack can be powered to drive speakers or changed to a simple nonpowered line out, for connection to audio equipment.The headphones supplied are pretty nice, a little small for my big head though.  Great bass response, although I'd recommend getting a better pair.The Amazon listing mentions "clamshell" but the unit doesn't have a protective cover.If you buy a memory card, be warned that the player doesn't add this to the total available.  I.e. you won't be able to have a 160mb MP3 file.  You could have a 128mb mp3 file and a seperate 32mb MP3 file though.
This player is GREAT. It's not expensive, and the 32MB should be enough for all except the most demanding audiophiles. MUST BUY!
Ive had i think two or three MP3 players and this is the best one ive ever had. Normally i have no luck with computer/electronics but this is as easy as breathing, and for those of you who have trouble breathing, then its as easy as eating. I put a 32 megabyte Smart media in it and it was the easiest thing ive ever done but then the card got stolen, so i got a 64 and that was soo nice, now i can hold 33 songs so wherever i go, im set i recently flew to Washington D.C. and i wasn't mad that i didn't have enough songs at all, the one drawback is, but i think this happens on every mp3 player is that the clock uses the batteries even when it is turned off. You're Welcome.
I use this little unit to record old time radio programs in MP3 &quot;radio&quot; quality format. The ease of use is just plain incredible. Playback is a dream. The Nomad CII has the feel of substance and quality. &quot;Play Center 2&quot; took me an hour or so to figure out, but once I followed the step-by-step instructions, downloading and ripping became a piece of cake. The downloading process is FAST and PAINLESS. As I write this, I am listening to the old &quot;Lux Radio Theater&quot; presenting an hour long presentation of &quot;It's A Wonderful Life.&quot; This little miracle stores HOURS of old time radio. I also ripped an audio CD at 44Hz and to my very critical ear, the fidelity was SPLENDID! You won't be sorry if you buy this affordable little electronic gem.
I bought this player as part of a new computer purchase, so it came with headphones/remote control and a carrying case, unlike the version here.  It also plays FM radio, up to 32 stations can be scanned and saved.  I just bought a 128MB SmartMedia card from Amazon, since it only ships with the 32 MB built-in storage.I had no problems installing the software that shipped with computer, and had it up and running in a matter of minutes. The sound is fabulous (I don't understand the reviewer's comment about it not playing loudly; not a problem for me).  The only thing I don't like are the over-the ear headphones (as seen in the accessory pack).  I am going to replace them with ear-buds; the small size of the player is defeated by having to carry these large, awkward headphones.  The in-cord remote control is separate from the 'phones, so I assume I can replace the 'phones without losing the remote.Well worth the money.
I got this player a while ago, I am very pleased with the result. I love it, it has tones of storage and theyn also have another  version which holds 192mb instead of 128mb. If you have songs that are about 4,000kb then this player will roughly hold about 32 songs.Another thing that I was worryed about was the sound quality... it has its own settings in there but it also has eq settings that you can program... over all this is the best player out there I reviewed about 5 other players to this one and this one tops em all... 5 Stars...Pros--Great sound quality-good storage-user friendly software-small compactextra battery storage (if the Ni-Mh battery dies)Cons-battery compartment comes lose
I bought this Samsung player for my girlfriend for her to use when she goes running. Myself, I own a Sony Minidisc player, which I like, but I've never played around with an MP3 player before. I was a little nervous about taking this plunge without firsthand experience, especially since this was a gift. After reading up extensively on the subject, this Samsung player seemed like the best buy.The main advantages to this player were:  1) the FM radio - a big plus for, say, running.  2) the 128MB available memory.  3) the ability to expand memory further by buying the easily-available Smart Media card.  4) obviously, as an MP3 player, there are no moving parts and therefore no skipping.The player was a big success as a gift. Its light and easy to grip, and an absolutely adorable little piece of electronics. The battery holds a charge for what seems like forever. The radio tuner has a number of programmable preset stations. The accompanying Yepp computer software was a hit also. Sound files transferred to the player preposterously quickly. I have a number of media managers on my computer (Real Player, Windows Media, Quicktime, Winamp, Musicmatch, etc.), and they are constantly at war for control of my MP3s. Upgrading one will without fail screw up all the others. And if two are open at the same time (I know, it sounds stupid, but there are times when its needed) disaster strikes! The Yepp software is completely unobtrusive, plays well with others (if you will), and works more smoothly with my computer than any other media manager I've used. It isn't necessarily the most user-friendly, but its not bad either.All in all, its worked out great. I would highly recommend this as music device for sports and exercise use. The biggest limitation of this player is the fact that it doesn't allow you to carry 40 hours of music with you (this is why I use a Minidisc player for myself, as I can fill up 3 or 4 discs and carry them along with the player without noticing the weight in my bag), so if you're looking for a portable music library, this isn't the way to go.
I bought the Yepp about a month ago and just fell in love with it.  The hardware itself is tiny, the FM tuner / controller is easy to use and the sound is outstanding.  Just a great product.The one thing that can be improved is the software, which is laughable.  Songs have to be transferred one at a time, you cannot decipher from Windows sounds to actual songs, and the software usually gets song names / artists / titles wrong.  You have to do a lot of work to set it up.If the Yepp's software followed the same usability as Kazaa, or any folder oriented application, then this would be the perfect product.
This is a gr8 little product here. I've been searching for a good little mp3 player here for ages but haven't found many. I like the MPIOs but this is proper top-notch quality. Only holdback, how big a memory card can you add? A tip to amazon.com - add this piece of info please ...Anyway. Great all rounder
THE GOOD:--MP3 player with expandable memory, voice recorder, AND FM tuner - rare to find all three features on one device.--Very sleek, compact design (less than three ounces)--Remote control device makes it easy to use and travel without needing to hold the player in hand.--The software is great, I don't know what other people are complaining about.  Very user friendly.THE BAD:--The memory (128 MB/expandable) is smaller than that of hard drive players - only allows you to hold about 65 songs (but also much more light and compact, so decide what your priorities are).--The remote control does not have all the capabilities of the actual player, and the buttons are all over the place (an occasional nuisance, but a marginal problem at worst).--The FM tuner signal is a bit weak.--The user's manual is most useful as a coaster on which to set your drink.THE UGLY:--The &quot;2xMP3&quot; feature simply allows you to resize MP3's based on their kbps speed...so it doesn't actually allow you to store twice as many MP3's at 128 kbps (CD quality)...it simply allows you to resize them to 64 kbps.--Be careful not to purchase the model from Best Buy - the Best Buy version DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FM TUNER, but costs the same amount!Overall this is a GREAT device, minor complaints here and there, but I'm very satisfied with the purchase.
This player is the best one out there.  It's compact and stylish with a cool carrying case.  The storage size is great, 128 mb, which is a perfect size for me.  It holds about 35-38 songs. You can buy additional storage, but I really haven't felt the need to.  The song quality is awesome, great bass, very clear.  The tuner works ok.  It's not the greatest, but if placed right, radio stations will come in clearly.  But the radio isn't really why I bought this player anyway.  It's a nice extra.  The best thing about this player is the rechargable battery.  When it's fully charged, it lasts about 20 hours.  And then you have a AAA back-up until you can get it charged again.  It's great not having to pack (and pay for) extra batteries.  The software is good, too.  It takes some getting used to, but after about 10-15 mintues or so, you get the hang of how everything works.  Well, hope this helps!  If you buy this player, you won't be disappointed!  It's awesome!
This is quite a fun little gadget to carry around. I use it walking around town and throughout my school. This is so much more comveinient then walking around the place with my bookload of cd's. Instead of the cd's, turn songs from some favorites into mp3's or wma's (personally I like wma because more songs can be fitted onto the device). Unfortunately, the wma's have to be on the computer BEFORE the hardware or software is installed, because it will not recognize new files. New wma's can be added, but they need to be added by searching the hard drive for tracks all over, which may take a while, depending on the speed of your processor. That is one of it's two flaws. The other one is that to turn on the FM radio feature, you must use the remote instead of just the player. Other than those minor problems, this thing works great.Pros::Very light; weighs about 3 ounces at most with battery:Battery lasts about 16 hours (doesn't quite reach 20 hours):Battery is rechargeable:Has a AAA battery adapter so you don't have to put the thing down while the rechargeable is powering up:Can hold about 4 hours of wma's:Has a fun voice recording feature:Is expandableCons::USB transfer is kind of slow:Need remote to use radio:MP3 compressor doesn't work very well (sound quality on downsized mp3's is bad):Controls are a little confusing at first: THE SOFTWARE ....!!!!!!!This is definetely a nice little gadget, recommended to anyone with a bunch of cd's and wants songs in one place. Actually, anyone could use this thing. It is lots of fun even if you don't like music, because of the voice recording feature. This thing is great and recommended to anyone.
This is a beautiful machine.small, light, download 30 songs in less than 5 minutes...enough RAM to store 2~3 CDs worth of music in a split of a second....Run, Jog, skateboard, ski, do a 360-air-flip with your motorcycle......no skipping whatsoever....It's awesome.....
The Samsung Yepp 700H is, simply put, awesome. Everything about it is simply great. The sound quality (which you can change using the Equalizer), the look (sleek), and just about everything else.Still, there's a problem with it. A small one, but nonetheless very annoying:The volume. The default is very low, and it always resets when it turns off. I checked in the manual and it doesn't have anything on saving the volume default. Now this may seem like not a big deal, but it's annoying going into your pocket and taking it out of it's case (which is very tight on it), just to increase the volume. And the next time it turns off, you have to do it again. Boo...Still, all the positives null the only negative.Great product. I recommend it to everyone.
... I bought it for my girlfriend for Christmas and it's really nice. I don't easily get confused with computer software but I don't see how anyone would have any problem with the yepp explorer program. It was really easy to use. I chose this player out of every single one I carefully reviewed on amazon. It has a nice look, displays the name of the song on the screen, has at least 128 MB on board, and I thought it was really easy to use. The changing the font feature on the player is pretty cool too. I plan on buying one for myself along with another 128 memory card. I wish they could make these hold up to 1 gig or something like that.... I must mention that this is a real review. ...I would say the carrying case is pretty ugly, but I don't think you really need it. I also thought the buttons were a little tiny but I got quickly used to using them.
I have had the PA-1 for about a year now and have only had one problem.  The LCD went out on me about 1 month into ownership.  It was handled superbly by Compaq though.  I sent it in and it came back within 4 days, and has worked seamlessly ever since.I use it everyday when training.  While running the unit shows its strengths best.  It is so small and weights next to nothing that you don't even notice it clipped onto your running shorts.  I have run for 3-1/2 hours continuously with it and didn't even notice it.  And the battery life is good enough with the 2AAA batteries for over 9 hours of continuous use.  I do notice that cheap batteries do not last as long.  I switched to high quality NiMh rechargables and get over 10 hours per charge!There is one thing that you need to do to get more play out of the memory cards.  I use 2x64MMC cards and only download from Windows Media Player in XP using the .wma format.  I can get over 4 hours of music at 64bits on the 128megs of card this way; it is the same quality (or better) as using 128bit mp3's.So just scrap the included software and use the Windows Media Player in Windows XP and you will get 2 hours of music per 64MB MMC card.  When the 128MB cards come down in price you will be able to get over 8hours of music on this little device --- that is awesome considering the hard drive portables cost 3 times this amount and they are not solid state devices (you CANNOT run with them, or even walk briskly wihtout skipping problems).I highly recommend this little device for those who want an exercise companion for music.  This excels in that catagory!
For me the PA-2 is great.  i dont have any problems with it and it was for a reasonable price.  There was one problem but that was due 2 my stupidity.  So i just wanna let everyone no to get this product if youre lookin for a mp3 player!!
It works and the price is right. The product is simple and easy to use. I would recommend it to others.Good if the pda falls as it absorbs the shock of the phone being dropped
When the original stylus that came with my Palm m515 started to slip out of its storage slot, I decided I needed a replacement. I ordered several different brands to find the stylus that suited me best. Of the four different m500 series replacement styli that I tried, this was by far my favorite.  The stylus has a weighted metal shaft and fits perfectly into the storage slot.  But what really makes this stylus heads above the rest is its spring-loaded plastic tip, which resembles the lead of a mechanical pencil.  The extra &quot;give&quot; in the tip makes this stylus very easy on the screen, and it has noticeably decreased the number of recognition errors that I get when writing graffiti.  If you can justify paying the high price for this stylus, I highly recommend it.
Landware has a winning formula with this stylus. It is nicely balanced and has a natural feel to it. I thought it was a little pricey before I bought it, but using is believing. I wish only that Landware would make the FP stylus for more PDA models.
I was looking for a replacement stylus...that would fit my Palm m515.  I read the reviews for this stylus and it sounded too good to be true.  I took a chance and ordered one.  I received it yesterday.  I can not tell you how WONDERFUL it feels and what a nice change it is from the 'usual' stylus!  It's GREAT!!  I'd like to thank the other reviewers because without their input I would have 'passed over' this BEST stylus.  I'm sure I'll order another in the future.
While in the market it is difficult to find well-built MINI CD-player, this one is the best, and seriously built.Pros:0). high quality sound;1). long battery life;2). resume function;3). very compact and easy to carry;4). very good remote controller;only cons:aiwa should incorporate the AA battery compartment directly into the machine to give customer more convience.
loved this product sounds good and can play in my car w/o having to change to stock deck then take it out and go to work man i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had this DSR-11 for many years and it still functioningSONY DSR-11 DVCAM Digital Videocassette RecorderI still have to use my remote for some operations as sometimes the buttons on the DSR-11 will not work, but I had this little recorder for 16 years. I never had to clean it inside. I can not do without this little thing.
I have been using this deck as a source deck for Final Cut Pro, to digitize tapes from my DV Camcorder.  I also back up-edited programs back to DVCam tape with no loss of quality.  It has also been a workhorse in the field.  I've shot 2 plus hour seminars using the firewire out of the camcorder to the firewire in of the DSR-11.  I have never had a failure.  There aren't enough adjectives to describe how great this little deck is.  How can something so small be such a huge and versatile tool for digital video production!?
Although it is a bit bulky, it is so rugged! it would take more then a hammer to break this thing... and the sound it produces is AMAZING! the best sound from a cd player i've ever heard! Plus ther is never any skipping.
I dont know what everybodys complaining about, i have had mine since December 2002 with no porblems. You also dont need to use Music Match Jukebox, you can just use windows explorer (The player shows up as a drive) and use WMA files (which only take up about 60% of the space of MP3's). Some converter programs for wma's dont work so try a few. No problems, and ive droped it about a dozen times.
I love my RCA Lyra w/ 128mg for jogging or just working around the house or in the yard. It fits in a shirt pocket and is out of the way. It works great with my Musicmatch Jukebox. It's great on my tiny 2 miles run/walks. It clips on my shorts or I hold it in my hand. It weighs nothing and is very small. About the size of four quarters aranged in a square. Or 2.5 x 2.5 x 3/4 inches. I love it on my motorcycle rides the bestIf I compress my song files to 96000 bitrate (128000 is normal and CD quality) on the transfer to the player from my computer,  I get get up to 50 songs on my player. That's just under 3 hours of songs if each song averages out to 3.5 minutes. And you can add a memory stick that will double the song and memory capacity. I don't notice a big drop in quality with the head phones I use while using the smaller bitrate either. Now you can even drop the bitrate to 46000 and listen to the songs in mono and get double the song playing power. About a 100 songs without a memory stick.I highly recomend my RCA Lyra. It runs on two triple AAAs and those last at least 4 or 5 playlists worth. So about 250-300 songs. I've never had any problems with it and it is extreemly easy to use.I really like the battery indicatior on the display too.Hope this helps.
The software is SOOOO EASY TO WORK.  This MP3 player rocks!  Ive never seen a better megabyte mp3 player out there! This is truly the best in sound, size, EVERYTHING! I am not a big fan of Musicmatch but when I got this thing...heh the software is so simple.  I opened the package, installed the drivers, and in about 1-2 mins I was up and running with my new RCA Lyra mp3 player.I own the 64MB version of the player which is orange and dang, It is the bomb.  The sound quality is amazing.  The mp3 player has presets on it, like Flat, Bass, Pop, Rock, and Jazz.I personally love rock to heavy death metal music, and the Lyra plays it amazingly.  The volume level on it is so loud and when u have the Bass or Rock boost on it,  it is clear and undistorted.The Lyra takes AAA batteries, but thats no big deal, that just shows how nice and small it is.  Ive used it for maybe an hour or two and the battery meter shows half way so i dont know.  Im going to get rechargables.My final words.  I absolutely love this thing.  All I have to say to all you people who dont have an MP3 player...THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU, It is so easy to operate.  Youll love it. JUST GO BUY IT!
I just purcashed this item and it is great for a beginner. You can download songs really fast and it comes with a software to do that!
This is really a great MP3 player.  It has great internal memory along with and SD expansion slot to give you even more.  The sound quality is great and is very easy to fill up with songs.  It is also very lightweight.  The only thing that it is missing is the FM radio!
I was wanting an Mp3 Player to use while I job.  The RCA Lyra/RD1070 is perfect for this.  It is simple to use and light weight.  I don't know why everyone is complaining about MusicMatch. It extremely easy if you have any common sense at all. Also the internal memory you get for this price is the best you're going to find.  I recommend this item for anyone who wants a good player for a good price.
i got this item from a customer who didn't want it.  it was brand new, but he didn't give me the software.  no big deal, just plug in the USB wire and open My Computer.  A new Disk will appear.  that is the toshiba.  just open it and drag and drop any songs you want.  it doesn't convert mp3's this way.  and you can also transfer back to other computers in the same way with no problems.  just don't use the software that comes with it.  no reason for that.
I've always loved high-tech toys, and this has to be one of the best (and most useful) ones I've ever had.  I'm in training for a marathon, and this is the perfect device.  I keep three albums of up-beat music stored on it, and then record programs from the radio (usually NPR) to use on my longer runs.  It holds four hours of music--more if you use a lower format than 128--and nineteen hours of voice / fm recordings.The sound quality is amazing, at least for MP3's.  The FM radio is strong and clear, although the FM recordings are of a somewhat lower quality.It weights next to nothing, and the belt-clip is great.  Since I use it while on the go, a neck-loop would be useless.  The clip holds it well, and is barely noticeable.  The unit really is tiny, but the display is clear and large enough to give all of the info you need.Admittedly, I do go through AAA batteries at a quick pace (it advertises nine hours, but recording eats power more than listening), but that is a small price to pay for this beauty.The software works well.  You just put it on your computer and you are off and running (literally, in my case).Honestly, I can't imagine why anyone would buy just an MP3 player, when they could have an MP3 player that also has an FM reciever, and the ability to record FM radio (and voice).
This is truely an excellent player. Prompt shipping from JetAudio, good packaging and documentation. Battery usage is very good. You can adjust everything, including the backlit display settings. The player is easy to use and operate while jogging, even with gloves on. Excellent sound. The earpiece type headphones that are included are some of the best I've ever heard of that type of headphone. The USB transfer speed is very fast, and the program is easy to use. Hands down this is the best player I've seen or used.
This is a must buy product if you're concidering a MP3-player. It has everything you need and more. I used to have a Samsung Yepp player that I was really satiesfied with, but it got stolen and I had to replace it. I came over this, and all the great reviews and the details of the player helped me choose this one, and I sure don't regret it! By far the best memory capazity on the market, 256 MB, is a GREAT plus. You can store about 5 hours of good quality (128 kbps) music on it! It also has a radio feature that is brilliant also. I get all the stations in my area, crystal clear. And last but not least, the voice recorder is brilliant if you're a student, if you need to memorize things from a meeting, or if you just need to memorize directions to a house. Buy it today! Also, the design, wow! The width is my thumb times 1,5 and the lenght is less than the length of my pinky and it weighs almost nothing. I'm just amazed how they packed all the great features into this tiny thing! The only slighly negative thing is the headphones, they are not top quality, but most everyone got a good set laying around, at least that was no problem at all for me.Anyways, highly recommended! One of the best buys I've ever made. I also got it promptly delivered!
I bought this MP3, Voice Recorder, and FM Player 2 days ago. The sound is awsome! By far better than cd players. The little headphones that come with it are awsome! If you like rap, the bass is perfect. You can adjust it. Rock, Jazz, Classic, Or Normal. Also, the mp3 player comes with a program called jetshell which allows you to put songs on the player in a matter of seconds. I have 70 songs on mine, and it took about 5 minutes to put them on it. The player also comes with a case, like a cell phone case. And a necklace to put it around your neck. The display on the player is nice! You can change the font using jetshell. Also, default of the backlight is 1 sec. You can change it to a minute if you'd like to. The voice recorder(vr) on it is nice. Its alot better than a computer mic. You can record stuff on the mp3 player and put it on the cpu and email it to family or friends. By far this mp3 player is awsome. Easy to use. I give this a five star!want more info email me at-eminem2iverson@yahoo.com
I was in the market for a mp3 player with a built-in radio.  Other reviews for other products stated that the radio had poor reception.  iAudio was the only review that I read where that was not an issue.  The software is very easy to use, just drag and drop.  I especially like the size of the unit, perfect for the gym.  It also comes with a case that has a clip or if you prefer, you can hang it around your neck. They recently sent me an armband so now I can clip it to the armband for my workouts.  I emailed customer service with a few questions and they were always very courteous and very prompt with their response.  I highly recommend iAudio.
This has to be the best gadget I've bought in a long time. It is about the size of a cigarette lighter and weighs about the same.The FM radio reception is amazing. I can get most all stations that I can get with my car radio.The sound quality is just as good if not better than most PC speaker systems.The LCD display shows you everything you need. It displays the info stored ID3 MP3 tags.Installed the software and was listening to music in under 2 minutes.Can't stress enough that if you are looking for an MP3 Player BUY THIS ONE!!!
I take Iaudio with me wherever I go. It is small and light, has great sound through its earphones,and it is  easy to use. Downloading music from the computer  is quick. I didn't even need the manual to figure anything out. I have dropped it a few times, with thank goodness no effect. It picks up fm broadcasts clearly  from whole variety of places, including in the middle of a Canadian forest.  It is one of the best items I have ever bought. The only caveats I have are -  I wish that the carry case was black, instead of white, and that it came with removable memory cards. As it is, the 256 kb is enough for hours and hours of music, and French language lessons! I highly recommend this player.
The designers of the iAudio CW200 have hit a home run with this amazing little MP3 player. It is very small in size but sounds great. The iAudio CW200 has a very intuitive interface and associated software for your host computer. It took me no more than 10 minutes from opening the box, loading the software, rebooting my computer to loading MP3 files into the iAudio CW200 player. It also has a surprisingly good FM tuner as well as a voice recorder. Best of all the sound is excellent.My first MP3 player was a Creative Jukebox 3 which I still use - it has great features, holds a huge amount of music, but it is bulky and a bit heavy. The iAudio CW200 is so small and light it is ideal for exercise, walks, biking, etc.An excellent blend of good design, sensible implementation and user friendly interface.
Other than the fact that XP did  not recgonize the driver at first there was no problems at all.  Once I had it installed I was up and running in 15 minutes with over 60 songs downloaded on the system.  Software is very easy to download and use.  Sound quality is awsome!!...the  unit is so small it fits right in your pocket and it clips on to your shorts for the gym.  Earphones are fine, good quality.  Get about 3 hrs of play per battery.  Overall, Great unit!!..awsome sound and cant beat the size! 4 albums is key, lets YOU decide how you want to arrange your songs.
This MP3 player is heads above other flash memory players.  Connecting to the PC reading and downloading mp3's is much faster than my previous player - Samsung's YH700.  While not having removable media may be a negative who cares when it's so easy to swap songs in and out.  I would also rate sound quality the best I've heard so far and the FM radio actually works!
Got my IAudio CW200 a few weeks ago and so far I'm very pleased.  This amazingly compact unit fits comfortably in a gym shorts pocket where I don't notice it at all when working out.  Holds about four hours of music and it's very easy to freshen up the contents from a PC by dragging and dropping MP3 files from the Jet Shell software. Best of all, sound quality when playing MP3s is extremely clear and listenable, with no detectable noise at all.  I play songs I've heard all my life on the radio and now hear nuances I've never noticed before. There's ample volume and good bass performance on the rock equalizer setting. I never imagined that MP3s could deliver such good sound. By contrast, the built-in FM tuner, while usable, delivers rather ordinary sound, with noticeable noise and distortion. The one negative: the ear buds were too big for my ears (and I'm a 6-footer). For now I've been using some Sony Walkman phones until I get around to buying a replacement. Verdict: Other players may match this one in terms of features, but the sound specs (particularly signal to noise) stand out from the crowd. Buy it for the sound.
I've never owned a portable MP3 player before, so I was kinda anticipating that this would take a while to learn how to use.  Man, was I wrong!  The device is so intuitive I only had to glance at the manual twice and I was well on my way to sonic nirvana!  I actually timed myself, just for the fun of it, and it took me only 5 min from opening the package before I was listening to my first MP3.The PC program interface (JetShell) is user friendly too: just a drag and drop affair.  It allows you to convert CD music to MP3 at bitrates ranging from 32 kbps up to 320 kbps.  There's also a VBR conversion option and it ranges from 96 kbps up to 192 kbps.  With JetShell, you can add, remove, and change order of files with ease.  You can also set EQ parameters and FM presets in a dedicated menu, then zap them into the device!Build quality is excellent: feels solid and substantial, yet lightweight.  LCD window appears to be real glass crystal, not some cheapo plastic.  Belt-clip case has a plastic window to protect the LCD window.  Toggle switches are spring loaded and easy to manipulate, even while in the belt-clip case, and they haven't jammed on me yet.  The sound?  mmm the sound... one word - magnificent!  Perhaps the only detractors to the package would be the earphones; they make this awful popping/crunching sound when putting them in your ears.
I had no problem installing the software on my XP machine, and have never found it interfere with other USB devices, or any devices at all.  It's very easy software to use, and moving files back and forth from the mp3 player and the computer is easy and fast.I use rechargable batteries, and seem to get about 8-10 hours of use with them.The FM reception on this thing about as good as on my home stereo.The sound quality it pumps out is nice anc clear.  It does not have extended bass, but then, no needs really needs that anyway unless they're, well, I won't say, but a normal person who listens to music to hear the music and not just to have their brain hit with extra bass will find this perfectly acceptable.  If high volume bass is essential to your musical pleasure, you will want something else.This unit is VERY light, and small, so it fits in pckets perfectly.  The clip on the slipcase is also rugged and strong, and even when clipped to just a fold of cloth, it will hold tightly.I've carried mine all over NYC, used on subways and trains and walking the sidewalks, etc.  I've had no problems with it at all, and am a very, very happy customer.I did a lot of research on amazon, and this one seemed to have the best overall ratings for the memory size and price I wanted.  Amazon reviewers did not let me down on this.  It is a wonderful mp3 player, and the added bonus of FM recetion and voice recording is an extra plus.5 stars and more. Highly recommended.
I bought this MP3 Player because it's small and also because of the amount of memory it has.  I was actually planning to buy the IPOD but because it's heavier I went with this player; I decided on this because I play Volleyball and during warm up I want to listen to music, but then I had the NOMAD II,which was slightly heavier It was always hard to move around w/o worrying about the MP3player.  If you don't care about the weight, I suggest you buy IPOD, but if you workout or exercise a lot, go w/ this, it's light, and it's freaking small as hell.- The thing that I was impressed the most about this player is how stable it is.  All other mp3 players I have tried, would crash or freeze at least once everytime you use it.  This MP3 player, however, hasn't done that yet, and I've been using it for abou two weeks now.- The next awesome thing abou this baby is the power consumption.  It's bizarre that something with so much features and capabilities can last for such a long time in one AAA BATTERY.  They say that it last 9 hours, I thing they mean it last AT LEAST 9 hours.  One battery usually lasts me 3 days, I don't mean continuous usage, but I do use my player a lot, in the train in campus and on the train back. It's AMAMZING.- The other thing about this MP3 is that it can be personalized.  You can choose which equalizer you prefer, but if theres some little things you would like to change you can, there's also a sub menu under each equalizers. Also, you can make your own welcom logo or message for when the Mp3 player boots.  The software they have for changing the logo is so easy to use.- Another big reason why I chose this player was the SOUND QUALITY; it plays music in 24bit quality, just like the Creative Labs Audigy Sound Card, but in a small a$$ mp3 player. Nice!- Another thing, the recording feature is really really cool, even when the mic is in low mode, it can pic up things from over 10 feet away.  There's also a beat detection that looks really cool.- One of the best feature is the design, it's really sexy looking, and the size is unbelievable small.  You can literally fit this thing inside your mouth, not that I tried it or anything, but yeah it'll fit in your mouth closed.I'm probably missing more great things to say abou this MP3player but I don't feel like writing a long essay.  I hope this helps.
I don't have a great deal of experience with other MP3 players, but I am very happy with the sound, capacity, and battery life from this player.
iAudio CW200 256Mb reviewPros: Incredible sound ! Light, minimal size but maximal reliability. Intuitive buttons and softwares. 256 Mb means about 90 songs and about 5 hours of continuous music. Voice recording works very well. FM radio works fine. Battery saving: 6h with 550MAh AAA batteries. Comes with all practical accessories. Firmware download. Support and service is great (thanx Francis).Cons: My opinion would lead to nothing in this category. But I want to stay completely objective: no WMA support and FM reception could be a bit better...Full review:I've been now using the iAudio for about 2 months.I tested only one before this one (the Nike one). I was convinced to buy this player when reading all the positive comments on Amazon...Now I use it every day in the train and on the bike between my home and my office. This means about 3 hours/working day.All I have to say is THIS PLAYER IS PERFECT :-)Sound: the best I've ever heard. Also the clearest. The headphones included give very good sound quality. Basses are deep (it surprised me that so small headphones can give so loud basses) but don't hide middle or treble. I was wondering how it comes. I found the answer by switching headphones, using my Sennheiser (the very big ones). The basses there are too loud so it appears that the player sound settings have been adapted to the included headphones.30 seconds to change equalizer settings and I had wonderful sound in my new headphones.Do the test once: try connecting hifi headphones to the player. Adjust equalizer and you'll be surprised...Size: With a size comparable to a chewing-gum packet, this player is the smallest and lightest MP3 flash player I've ever seen. When running (using the armband) you even don't feel it. Except maybe the headphones wires...Package and menus: with only 4 functionnal buttons (including the hold button and REC button). The 2 other buttons are 2 jog dials commands (left right push). They're very easy to use and combination are possible to enable shortcurts of commands.Menus are very intuitive and also very complete.Voice recording: As far as I tried this feature, it fulfills completely my needs. I recorded a one hour meeting, by just letting the player in the middle of the table. The result was perfect. Even when 3 people are speaking, you can still understand correctly. This feature is ideal for this use (lectures recording or meeting recording)FM radio: Works fine. Maybe reception could be a bit better sometimes. My main problem with it is reception when I move. For example, in the train or in the car don't use it. Except if the radio station is powerful and if it doesn't change frequency.Memory: The iAudio comes with 3 different memory sizes: 64, 128 or 256Mb. I personnaly have the 256 version. And I recommend it. I can fill it with about 90 songs in 128kb/s format (CD quality). It means almost 5 hours of continuous music. So it means for me never twice the same song/day ... And using random play order it means that I keep the same songs for a long time without being bored..A small comment to JetAudio: maybe for the next generation of the player try to include external memory expansions. I think new memory card format miniSD is light and small enough to fit in your player.Screen: Blue backlight LCD. Very readable. MP3 tags are displayed. You can customize the iAudio logo animation during booting. Displays the battery status, mode, time and title of the song.Batteries: Again a positive point ;-). iAudio uses 1 standard AAA battery so you can buy cheap AAA rechargeable batteries. For example, I use some 550MAh and they last for at least 6 hours. I bought 4 batteries like this one for about 15$. So with one set, I go for 24 hours...Software included: Jetshell is the utility that comes with the player. It can be used to directly rip CDs to the iAudio. But its main feature is the maintenance and upload/download of the iAudio. I t also provides access to CDDB to directly find titles of songs. It's also very very easy to use. Transfer is done via USB port. Filling completely the 256Mb takes approximatively 5 minutes. Not bad :-)Accessories: Another good point. The player comes with all accessories you can dream of. The most useful being without hesitation the white leather carrying case. It protects player against scratches and falls damages. It also provide access to buttons and LCD. It comes with a beltclip. I just got today the armband. I tried it on the bike. It fits perfectly on my arm and really doesn't move at all even when shaking your arm. You can also use the necklace (I use it in the train), it's also very useful.Firmware download: I told this would be a minor advantage compared to the other players. But no, it's a big one. It seems that JetAudio permanenetly tries to ameliorate the embedded software. The last firmware doubles the FM presets and allows equalizer setting while in FM mode. I hope they will continue to improve it like that.Support and service: 10/10 . I had some questions and I sent them to JetAudio. It took less than 4 hours to get an answer. An sth really relevant. Also I had a special request for them. They satisfied me completely... bravo ;-)
It's hard to justify spending [a lot of money] for an MP3 player. If you can afford it, this player won't dispoint you at all. I am absolutely 100% satisfied with it. The reviews have been right on, and from all my research do not think there is a player that would come close to this. I tried the iRiver 256, and the volume was not loud enough. NiMH battery seems to be lasting about 7 hours. Download 256mb in less then 7 minutes. Pros: Sound is incredible. The dynamic range is great. During a silent moment, there is no noise, and no distortion at loud volume. You will never play it at max volume unless your deff (and I'm a rocker, so my hearing is bad). I was concerned how durable the battery cover would be, or how the case with belt clip would be, or how well made the switches would be, etc.. Don't worry, you'll be happy. I think the FM reception is OK, but it is all dependant where you are located. Sometimes the FM seems great, and sometimes not so great. I've called JetAudio a few times, and always got thru and was treated curteously. The Voice recorder is excellent. The firmware upgrade added significant more features.  One was it went from 12 to 24 FM presets. Cons: Please let me know when you find any Cons. Enjoy, Joe
Trust me, if you are looking for an MP3 player, then stop right now and order this!For the past two weeks I have researched virtually every MP3 player that is listed here at Amazon.com (and at it's competitors), and this is the only one that had consistently positive reviews, along with the features I wanted, so I ponied up the dough and purchased it.Of all the other MP3 players out there, most complaints centered around shoddy construction, poor software interface, and overal problems with the hardware.  I almost gave up on buying an MP3 player because I didn't think that anyone had gotten it right.  Then I came across iaudio.After receiving mine today, and spending just a precious few minutes installing the software, I was up and running, and everything everyone here has said about how easy the software interface is is telling the truth.  So far, at least, the unit seems solid, and I couldn't be happier!  The sound quality is excellent, and I like (but must be careful) that there is no restrictive volume limit like in many other audio devices.  Some have complained about the earphones, but I must have smaller than normal ears because they fit snug, and banging my head to Sabbath so far has not shaken them loose.  ("Sabbra Cadabra" for those who want to repeat my test!)So, yes, I've only had this for about a few hours, so anything can happen down the line, but I don't forsee anything negative.  It is clearly obvious that the designers of this product knew what they were doing and are quality driven.  Please reward them, and yourselves, by buying this, and send a message to all the other MP3 manufacturers that the bar has just been raised!  Are they game to compete?
This is an excellent mp3 player -- the sound is incredible with a 95db SNR and a very customizable eq setting (bass,treble,dynamic bass,loudness, etc). The included earbuds are of avg. quality and does not do the sound quality justice - personally I'm using Sony's EX70s, the white imported kinds and looks great with the stylish white clip/case included with the player -- great for the gym by the way. I'm also getting very good FM reception with the radio function in NYC. The voice recorder I've only played with a little to test and its clear and sensitive, but I wouldn't know how well it would do in say a classroom lecture. The software is very easy to use and also allows you to convert WAVs/CD tracks to mp3 files easily. Highly recommended!If you're doing some comparing - the riosport series have a very unimpressive sound fidelity and terrible radio reception, the creative muvo sounds good but doesn't have FM radio, voice rec. EQ settings, or a display and the cw200 has all these things plus its practically the same size and the cw200 offers a 256MB model vs 128. The only other option I'd think about would be the iriver ifp series - but if you're an audiophile, compare these two and you'll know the cw200 sounds better (90 snr vs. 95 snr)
Listen, I am very tech savvy and have my share of gadgets and gizmos.  I don?t often write reviews for products, in fact I almost never have?until now that is.I just got my iAudio CW200 (256mb) last night.  I wanted to set it up right away, but went out.  Today, I went to the gym and used my old Intel MP3 player simply because I wanted to give a proper reading and time to work the iAudio properly.  Little did I know that all I had to do is upload the jetshell software from the included cd-rom to my pc, link the iAudio player and move the MP3?s I wanted with one button click.  The software is so simple and intuitive that I was sorry that I didn?t spend the 5 minutes and use it for today?s gym session..oh well, tomorrow will be the true test, but honestly after playing with it this afternoon I am simply looking forward to it.  I have had the Intel with only 128mb and I liked it, it used MusicMatch software which took a little getting used and I still never loved it also the Intel fell completely apart.  I have also had an Archos 20GB hard-drive player.  Of course it has a ton more memory, but was so heavy and bulky that it wasn?t practical for the constant gym use which is all I use the MP3 player for.  Now, I have over 200 CD?s worth of music stored on my pc, in various folders.  Sure, I could have put it all on the 20GB and had several play lists, but after using for a week and using the Intel which had max 35 song play list I realized that I only listen to one play list at a time while at the gym and that play list usually takes me weeks to tire of.  So lugging the box around was just not comfortable.  So today I downloaded nearly 90 songs to the iAudio into less than 2 folders on the player all in about 5 minutes.  Again, this play list will stay on for weeks and when I get tired of it, I know that it will take only 5 minutes to delete and download another 90.  The jetshell plays very similar to Windows Explorer in every way shape and form and thus it?s ease of use for anyone with even a hint of pc experience.  All that praise and that was just the software.The iAudio CW200 is by far the best MP3 player out right now and I am sure a long time to come.  It is simple to use and so small and light I simply can?t believe all the options it has.  The playback modes are numerous and great for music lovers like me.  There is an Equalizer where you can switch the player so songs take on the acoustics of rock, classical, hall or whatever else it has..that in itself is an amazing option.  I was skeptical of the non- button feature where the iAudio has these jog dials.  They are perfect, they are strong and don?t get in the way and definitely won?t press accidentally, but even if it does there is a hold button feature that prevents anything from happening.  The backlight is blue and bold and can be set to specific shut off time so as not to waste the batteries or waste them depending on your preference in having on.  It also sports an FM tuner which took minutes to preset 12 stations and the reception was far superior to Intel and since I live in CT is very handy to receive the NY stations like Z-100 and K-Rock.  It also has a voice recorder that I tried out and didn?t think I was going to use prior to purchase, but thinking I will use it all the time for simple memo taking and stuff like that.  The recording was clear and crisp and even better than my answering machine recordings.Bottom-line, this is the most superior MP3 player out there.  Whether you are a gym rat like me or will just use it to stroll or travel you cannot beat all the options and features in something that is literally the size of pack of gum and weighs maybe 2 packs.  Also, the customer service for iAudio is amazing..I had questions..they had answers minutes later.  They know there stuff, but more importantly they know how to treat their customers.
My goal was to buy the best flash-based MP3 player I could find. After reading through the reviews, I settled on the iAudio with 256MB of memory. I am not disappointed.- Software is easy to use and works just fine.- Great sound.- The player's user interface is simple and intuitive.- Very small and light.- The player is not buggy like the another player I owned.If you're looking for the best product in this category, the iAudio is probably it.
I love this MP3 player! After a year and a half, or so, search, i finally made my MP3 purchase, and went with the iAudio CW200 256 MB. What sold me was the glowing reviews, sound qaulity of FM radio, and the price for the 256MB size. The order came within a week, always a joyous occassion when it arrives days before expected.Not being one to read through every little word in a manual before using a new purchase, I was able to easily figure out the basic navigation within a few minutes. I'm still progressing to the higher capabilities of this little dynamo, and am referring to the easy to read manual for reference.Sound quality for MP3s, FM radio, recording from FM, and Voice recording is excellent. The white case it comes with is also pretty stylish, compared to so many boring black cases being used.The reason why i waited so long to buy an MP3 was because it always seemed as if  no machine was perfect. Either it played great Mp3s, but had bad FM reception, or it had decent reception, but the navigation sucked, and on and on it went. The other thing was that i originally wanted one that worked with Mac, and that was small enough so that I could run with it. Well, this doesn't work with the Mac, so I just have to use a PC. What did i want...the world? In the end, I am extremely happy with this choice and highly recommend it. You won't be disappointed.
...I chose the CW200 256.  I love this machine.  Very small, long play time (even more than the manufacturer claims) on a single AAA battery, very stylish design.  The couple of reviewers that thought this was difficult to use were doing something wrong. Very reliable, even through a couple of firmware upgrades.  The sound quality of the bundled earbuds is not stellar, but then most earbud earphones suck.  I use this player with a pair of Shure E2c in-ear earphones, and the sound quality is amazing -- the iAudio produces deep, full bass and great range.  I use MusicMatch Jukebox to manage a couple hundred albums and growing, and the JetShell software works great to just pull tracks out of my music folder and drop them onto the iAudio.  I don't like the white case, but who cares?I should probably own a hard-drive based mp3 player to carry all of music around with me, but I still find this option cost-prohibitive.  In the meantime, I will stick to my iAudio.  If 4 albums plus a few extra tracks is enough for you between sittings at your computer, this is the player for you.
This is the best-in-class portable MP3 w/FM Tuner.  I did a lot of research and finally found this one after looking at Nike, Sonic, Samsung, etc.  It's about half the width of a credit card, easy to use, set up in about 30 mins, only needs 1 AAA battery to run about 9 hours, FM tuner works well indoors &amp; outdoors, carrying case has a sturdy belt clip, and sounds great.I say best-in-class because I was looking for a portable player with good FM reception mainly to workout with or take on the road.  256MB stores about 50-60 songs (4-5 albums) which is about the max I would even take with me anywhere.  I was not looking for a jukebox to store a whole collection.I haven't had any problems with it.  I might replace the earphones (funky asymmetrical lengths), but other than that, it's great...
This MP3 is clearly perfection.  It will obsolete my other five.  Built in voicerecorder and radio as well.  Smaller and lighter than any of the others, and one normal AAA battery so no annoying chargers.  At 256MB it hold around 55 songs.  I plan to use mine skiing, hope it holds up in the cold weather.  The Nike (Rio) one could not handle the cold and would lock up.Software that comes with it is pretty good as well.  Have found no disadvantages yet.I upgraded mine from 128MB to 256MB.  You have to send it in but they have a super fast turnaround.
I am very happy with this MP3 player (I got the 256 MB). Very small, light and runs on a single AAA for over 8 hours (confirmed). Voice recording and FM radio are a bonus (and both work very well!). I was only looking for an MP3 player.Most importantly, the Jet Shell software was very easy to load and use. My wife (computer novice) was downloading her songs within minutes.Also very happy with the delivery. Ordered on Monday and in my hands on Friday with regular delivery. Relatively inexpensive delivery charge too...
I researched about every player out there, and finally landed on this one.  I really wanted a player with expandable memory, but with 256mb(~65 songs) built in, I let that slide.  The software could not be easier, the player itself is very easy to use, and the audio quality is great.  I have never rated a product before, but I felt compelled to do so with this one.  I don't think you can find a better all around player!!!
This is all I was waiting for for a long timeIt have all the features you need for an MP3 player plus some aditionals you didnt knew were possible in such a small thing.Sound quality is remarcable and weight and dimension didnt exist.The only contra I see is you canot download from the device to the computer and you canot use the flash memory for saving other kind of file outside audio.(this canot be used as a con but other such devices can be used as a temporary storage)
After 6-8 months shopping and comparing and 1 return of another device I found the one that fits the bill.  Audio quality is GREAT.  FM works GREAT.  Voice Recording works GREAT.  Software installed, started and works GREAT.  Excellent memory capacity (I got the 256 MB unit).  Seriously, this unit lives up to its advertised abilities.  While I am a techie I found this unit to be simple to set up and use and EVERYTHING was included so that it works straight out of the box.  The manual is plain English and explains every feature very well.  I found the inclusion of both a neck lanyard with quick clip and the belt clip leather case a very thoughtful touch.My only points of criticism (and they are minor) are the display is a bit small for the sight challenged and the multi purpose jog buttons take a bit of getting used to.  The MP3 playback has just a little bit of noise on some of my folk selections but I'm not sure if that is from the original file or not.Overall, if you are looking for a rich featured MP3 player you would be VERY hard pressed to find better than the CW200.  256 MB is very satisfactory for the multi album person like myself but the 128 MB version is a good buy for the budget conscious without scrimping on features.  My bottom line with this unit is that you get more than what you pay for.  If you want one get this one NOW.  Enjoy!!!
I've had this thing now since Christmas, now Feb 8th, and I've used it everyday to workout whether it be running, riding a bike or weightlifting, as well as using it for regular use.  I've had to change the battery only once in the entire time.The software worked great for me.  It rips cds to mp3 and the interface is intuitive and easy to understand.  I even taught my sister how to do it!I've had no problems with it at all.  The headphones have never even fallen out of my ears when running like others have said.  I have a USB flash drive and USB mouse as well and this has not interfered with them in any way.
I have never really felt the need to write a review of a product until now.  I just got my 256 mb cw200 last night and I think it's probably one of the greatest purchases I've made.  I haven't owned any mp3 players before so take the review with a grain of salt but if you read the other reviews of people who have owned one before they say basically the same thing.First off, the thing is sleek and tiny.  It weights virtually nothing and looks cool as hell.  Second, I'm very technical (lan admin) but I could have been the most computer illiterate person and I would have had the same results.I plugged the usb cable into my pc and into the iaudio.  XP recognized the device and installed the driver.  Installed the jetshell software and I was ready to go.  The whole process took all of 5 minutes.  I was expecting something to go wrong at this point because nothing is ever this easy.  Nope.  I found my directory with all my mp3 files.  Dragged and dropped.  A 5 mb mp3 copied in like 20 seconds.  I dumped a boatload of them on there and in 5 minutes it was ready to go.  Amazing.Now comes the testing part.  Plug in the earbud phones that came with the player.  Of course I haven't read the instructions at this point but in two minutes I figure out how to work everything on the player.  I like when a product is intuitive like that.  Sound quality is fantastic.  Display is a little hard to read but that's minor.  ...My one and only complaint is that for some reason, the wires to one of the earbuds is about 5 inches longer than the other.  It's not a matter of adjusting, it's just longer.  It looks kind of goofy when I wear it.  I did email the company asking if that was by design or if I had bad set.  Hopefully they'll send me another pair.At any rate I highly recommend this to anyone considering getting an mp3 player.
If you were like me, you're wondering "why havn't I heard more or seen ads about this mp3 player that got such great reviews?" Well, I still don't know why. I'm the kind of person that buys only name-brand stuff, and I never heard of JetAudio.Here were some of my biggest worries about buying this player... Hopefully, it'll help you better decide what to get.How's the mp3 sound quality?-It's better than my roommate's Creative MuVo 128mb (played the same songs with the same earphones). There's a clear difference in crispness & clearness, especially since the CW200 has a customizable equalizer. (Also, I did some research and found that JetAudio/CoWon has been making digital audio/video/voice software since 1995. They're also one of the top companies in the Asias.)How's the FM reception?-I have a Sony Walkman (Model SRF-M80V, receives AM/FM/Weather/TV audio) which has served me well with excellent reception. I was delightfully surprised that the CW200's reception was just as good.How's the bass?-Unfortunately, the supplied earphoness arn't that great for heavy bass. However, I have an expensive pair of Sony earphones (sorry don't know model #). I also have the Creative Audigy sound card in my PC. I turned up the bass all the way on the CW200 (with the Sony earphones) and listened to "Clubbed to Death" from "The Matrix" soundtrack, and did the same with my PC. Sadly, the CW200's bass wasn't quite as booming, but nevertheless still satisfying (much better than my roommate's MuVo).How's the LCD screen?-Well, it's easy to read, even in its small size. Whenever you press a button, the screen brightens with a pleasant indigo light. You can also choose any font you have available on your computer (I believe you can have different languages displayed if you have the fonts).How's the voice recording?-Sadly, I have no experience with other voice recorders. I use it sometimes in lectures, and I find it clear enough to make out what the professor said, even in 400-student class sizes.In conclusion,You get what you pay for, it's a high quality product. It's worth saving up for (don't forget they also come in 64 & 128MB, which you can upgrade later to 256), don't settle for the other mp3 players.
I am just as impressed as everyone else who has bought this product.  If quality and ease of use mean a lot to you (and you want the bonus of a good FM radio included), definitely buy this.  It's absolutely worth the money for portable music fans.  It's about the size of two packs of gum, and holds over 5 CDs worth of music.  I installed the program, added songs to the player, and was listening to music literally within five minutes.  Ten minutes later I was listening to it at the health club, and enjoying the sharp radio reception.  The seller seems to be incredibly professional as well.  I ordered it the week of Christmas and it arrived here across the country in three mailing days.  Another little bonus--it comes with a AAA battery so you can play with it right away.  Buy this with confidence.
I bought this unit to make my training much less boring. I race bicycles for a living and decided my mini-disc player was just not cutting it any more. I researched it like crazy and  eventually landed on this one because of the positive reviews, small size and FM radio (for when I get tired of the 256mb music on longer rides). I have yet to be dissappointed. The transfer time through the USB cable is short enough so I can change playlists on a whim before training. It is so small it takes up no space in my jersey pocket. I decided to wait so long before rating it to see if the battery life claims, reset issues and other slight problems I had read about came true. They did not. Buy one of these little guys with confidence, and although I hear they have a 512mb version now, I have been on 5 -6 hour training rides regularly with this and only barely start the playlists over. 512 would be great for two days of training, or skiing or just about anything. Great product. Beware....mp3's only though, which was no problem for me and I knew ahead of time....
Received this as a gift, been very pleased with it so far (1 month), so I thought i'd pitch in some of my views:Pros:1.  Long battery lilfe.  The Duracell AAA that came with it lasted me 4 days of listening (two hours a day on crowded subway).2.  Great functionality and many options.  It has preset EQ and you can also set your own.  Groups songs in albums so you can skip tracks easily.  FM works fine.3.  Software is easy to use.  Very clean, intuitive, explorer-style look.4.  Small and looks cool.Cons:1.  The casing is metal-looking, but is actually plastic.  To me, it feels too light without the battery.
I did A LOT of research on MP3 players, and listened to various players that some of my friends had.  It seems the problem with most players is either 1) they don't have enough memory 2) they're not easy/convenient to carry around as well as work out with and/or 3) they will seem to stop working or malfunction due to a number of different reasons.This player is unbelievable.  Its about the size of a small pack of chewing gum.  It will not skip, even if running because it uses flash memory.  AND the sound...amazing.  This is the 2nd player I've owned, but even after listening to other players, the cw200 far and away sounds the most clear.  The headphones aren't great, as they'll fall out of your ears if you're running, but the sound on the ones provided is better than the ones I use when working out.  The carrying case is white leather, which I didn't necessarily like, but it has a belt clip on it as well as protects the LCD with a plastic cover.  BUT, you can't really judge a player off the headphones and carrying case.The software is easy to install, and is easy to use (a lot more efficient than previous MP3 software I've used that would cause my CPU to freeze).  I was up and running in 15 minutes.  It also supports various bitrates as well as VBR.  I stuck with 128 kbs, as I couldn't tell any difference using a higher bitrate.  I was able to put 66 songs in the 256MB memory.  It has 4 albums to organize your songs, and the FM radio works better than a Sony FM walkman I own.  I've only briefly used the voice recorder, but it seemed to work well.  The player also has an equalizer, can play on random or by album, allows you to directly delete a track while listening, and a few other options dealing with the display.Overall, I couldn't be more pleased with this product.Hope this helps.
The Cowon iAudio portable digital audio player is a fantastic device! Here is a summary of the various components.PHYSICAL UNIT: This is a very small (3 in. tall, 1 in. wide) and light (less than 2 oz. including the battery) unit. It has a LCD screen on the front which displays quite a bit of information, such as the name of the current song (which scrolls across the screen), the time remaining, battery life, memory usage, etc. This information is presented in a compact yet clear manner. The LCD had a back light feature that can be programmed to stay on for a set amount of time. The unit is highly customizable with an interface that is quickly learned. Battery life is about 9 hours on a singe AAA battery. Although this does not sound like much, remember, it is for a single battery.MP3 PLAYER: The 256 Mb model will hold about 80 MP3s (assuming an average size of 3 Mb). The sound quality is very good. The unit has four folders (albums) to organize your music. Songs can be played sequentially or at random, and you can choose from several pre-set equalizer settings, such as rock, classical, etc. I don't have a lot of experience with MP3 players, but I am more than satisfied with this one.VOICE RECORDING: I originally found this looking for a digital voice recorder. It does a GREAT job! For the 256 Mb model with no MP3s loaded, you get nearly 18 hours of clear recording time! The microphone picks up well and there is a level indicator so you know how strong the input signal is. There is a quick key combination that puts you directly into voice recorder mode, so if you are in the car and want to record a thought, you can do it without even taking your eyes off the road. There is one drawback for using this as a voice recorder -- there is no speaker, so you would either need the headphones or plug into an external speaker to hear playback.ANNOYANCES: I have only a few minor complaints about the iAudio. (1) The small plastic protective cover over the USB plug is hard to get off if you don't have long enough fingernails. (2) You can't connect the USB cable to the player while it is in its carrying case. (3) The ear phones are comfortable and sound nice, but they fit loosely in the ear, easily falling out if you are exercising. (4) The software does rip MP3s from CDs, but it is not the most user friendly interface I have used.While this may seem like a lot of annoyances, they are all relatively small, and don't diminish from the experience. Overall, this is a great product! I have used the MP3 Player and Voice Recorder extensively, and am completely pleased with my purchase.
I purchased a CW200 256 after lots of online research.  It is rated the best and has lived up to it.The software installed on my win '98 machine at work in seconds and on my XP machine at home just as easily.  Within minutes of opening the package, I had installed software and 8 albums on the COWON CW200 256.  Every day I find more neat features in the software.  All software functions worked and none required me to send more money to a software company to be enabled.  The unit is better than I expected by orders of magnitude.  Good job COWON.1.5 days after the CW200 256 was delivered, I was riding my new Harley to Tempe, Az for the weekend. I was stoked about the tunes in my helmet. Then it all came to a terrifying halt.  All of a sudden the music stopped and my earphone plug was swingin' in the breeze.  I should have used the neck strap provided, but I had not.  This was bad. I slammed on the brakes, rode the wrong way down the interstate (on Memorial Day weekend  copfest - on a Harley), and found the case 1/2 a mile back between the divided highway (yes in the middle).I dashed across the interstate and picked up the case.  I then walked north and found the CW200 256.  It was about 20 yards north of the case and had been hit by at least 2 vehicles. The battery compartment won't stay closed, but it works. It works as well as it did new.  1 piece of ductape and the unit rox.  WOW!Thanks COWON!!! This Unit Rox!
I was looking around for a MP3 player for a long time, I was tihnking of gettin the 5gb Ipod but they stopped making them.  Then I considered 10gb Ipod, but this gives u as much space as the 500$ Ipod but for like 300$.  Why Spend all the money for sometihng like the Ipod when The Zen is just a better buy.  I recoment it.
I own a lot of portable player. 3 top MDs, 3 top MP3/CD. I also bought iPod 2nd 20GB. I had to return iPod 'cause of its sound quality. Finally I got Zen. I have to say it's the best portable player. Only problem it has would be its short battery life.
The Nomad Jukebox Zen is an amazing piece of technology. It has a monstrous 20GB hard drive so you can take ALL of your music with you. The battery lasts for a whopping 14 hrs (12 hrs. on the SB1394 Firewire/USB 1.1 model) so it won't die on you during those long car rides. The USB 2.0 sends music to your Nomad Zen at an amazing 60 MegaBYTES per second. That's FASTER THAN FIREWIRE! If you haven't upgraded to USB 2.0 or your computer is older. A simple 2-port USB 2.0 PCI Card is less, and well worth it. The menu on the Zen is also amazing. You can browse your songs by Artist, Album, Track Title, and Genre. You can also have the Zen search your Music Archive under the same categories. In addition, maximize your audio quality using EAX Audio. This is a technology developed by Creative which allows you to simulate environments (such as a concert hall, indoor arena, or living room), speed up or slow down a track by up to .5x so you can catch every note of that guitar solo. My favorite EAX option is the Smart Volume Management or SVM feature. The Zen has presets for a Train, Plane, Car, or Late Night. In the "Late Night" mode, the Zen will maintain the volume so that you won't hear any sudden increases in volume at the crescendo of the song. This allows you to play all your favorite Rock music while relaxing or sleeping and not be unnerved by frequent alterations in the volume.The Nomad Zen is quite small (although I'll admit the iPod is slightly smaller) and, contrary to most online reviews, will fit very nicely in your pants pocket. The only reason it would not fit is if you are a female and wear very tightly-fitting pants that do not have spacious pockets. If you enjoy wearing these pants, DON'T WORRY! You can strap the Zen around a belt loop using the very stylish carrying case that comes with the Zen. The Zen also comes with the USB 2.0 cable and an AC Adaptor, as well as a CD which contains the full user guide, an interactive tutorial, and Creative Play Center and Creative File Manager which are used to transfer music files and other files to the Zen's hard drive. And if you really want a remote on the headphone wire like the 20GB iPod has, then Creative has an optional FM Wired Remote which not only acts as a remote control, but adds an FM tuner with up to 30 presets and a microphone for voice recordings. You can even see track information on the Remote's backlit LCD screen.And the best thing about the Nomad Jukebox Zen is that it costs  LESS THAN THE 20GB IPOD!
The Nomad Zen is simply amazing! I was searching originally for an Apple iPod, but was disappointed to find out that it didn't work with Windows 98. Thank goodness it didn't! I kept searching and found the Zen with twice the memory at the same price as the Apple! I installed the software and it worked beautifully the first time, even on my 3 year old laptop with a 1.1 USB. I don't find the transfer software confusing at all, however, I do use Audiograbber for ripping. I highly recommend this product!
The IPOD falls short of its target. However, The Nomad Jukebox does extremely well at reaching its goal. It carries a heck of a sound and the hard drive seems to never fill. Its looks are Slick and Cool, but the safety pouch it come in makes it a little bulgy. One true concern I have though is the software that comes with it. It's a pain to handle and just plain clumsy in its design. I've had to delete its contents twice already because when it was synchronizing with the PC it kept repeating some of the songs it already had. All in all though, the Hardware (the Jukebox itself) is excellent; I give it a 10++ out of 10. However, the software needs a lot of work. But, you can always use the Windows Media Player as a back up.
I read some reviews that said they had trouble or even gave up when using the USB 1.1 interface. I will tell you one thing-they are goddamn lazy mother f***ers.  I also had some trouble with this, BUT if you call up tech support, email em, or visit their FAQ database the problem will be fixed, it is, as you might have guessed, a fairly common problem and they can fix it.  Maybe your antivirus software got in the way, or maybe you just need to clean up the zen hard drive (hold play will reseting) also I have a fairly new computer with XP, but all I have is lame USB 1.1 and it workes just fine for me.lastly I glad Im not lazy because this player is truely a work of art with a fantasitc menu and navigation system and while you can learn to use it in minutes (i never read the manual.)
The Nomad Jukebox Zen is the best 20GB MP3 player on the market for the money.  The Zen is very user friendly and stores all I need of my favorite music.  I'm up 3700 songs and have space for 2000 more.  It delivers a strong sound with quality!
It was either the Zen or the I-POD and I chose the Zen for a couple of reasons.  Waaaayyyyyy cheaper and not an Apple product reverse engineered for a PC.  Getting the songs into it was a pain because bad files can crash the transfer so I had to eliminate some junk.  Once it was loaded, it killed.  Also, since it has a standard lap-top drive in it, you can oper her up and pop a 60 gig in if you want (there is firmware to allow OS to see additional files).  Zen is worth every penny and it beats the hell out of a 6-disk changer in the car.
I have the Firewire version of this MP3 player. They're basically the same thing except for three things, Battery Life (the USB 2.0 version has 2 more hours), Connectivity (obviously), and Price (at the time of this review the firewire version has a rebate). Anyway here's my review."The Nomad Zen is simply the best MP3 Jukebox out there. It defintly on par with the Apple IPOD or far past.Here's an overviewFeatures- 9.0The Zen has Advanced features such as Enviromental Effects, that i have never seen on another MP3 Jukebox before. Other features include time scaling, Customizeable Logos, Spatialization, and Smart Volume which evens outs sounds when low depending on conditions, such as being on a plane or in a car. It has both Firewire and USB 1.1. There is a version that does have usb 2.0 alone. With a firmware upgrade, you can transfer non-copyright protected songs, between units. If you have a Sound Blaster Live, Audigy or Audigy2 sound card you can you use an EAX enhancement for your audio files. You can search for music that is on the unit. The Player Supports WMA, which is a vital feature for anyone who ripped all their CDs using Windows Media Player. You can also use the device as a portable hard-drive, however you cant run programs off it. In order to use at as a portable Hard-Drive you must use the include File manager Program, which kind of defeats the purpose.Performance- 9.0The Zen sounds fantastic. It has a 98dB Noise to Sound Ratio which one of the highest, if not the highest for a MP3 Jukebox.Its quick to start up and charge. It takes about 3-4 hours to completly charge, which gives almost 12 hours of battery life (the USB 2.0 version gives 14 hours). It charges through the USB port or through an included adaptor, however not through the firewire port. Transfering Music is fast through firewire, and with USB it transfers at a rate of about 1 MB/Sec, not too bad. However, there is one major problem, swithching trough songs is sluggish. It takes the unit about 1 to 2 seconds the switch songs. This annoying at best. The included headphones aren't the best.Software-8.0In order to transfer songs you must use Creative Labs Play Center. This Program is simply mediocre. While it does have a nice interface and good feature set, it has several minor flaws, such as having to select each folder indivudualy instead of being able to just select a master folder, such as "My Music", in order to transfer music. The Actual Operating System on the unit is not that bad, it gets the job done effectively, and access to all the features is easy.Aesthetics- 9.0The Unit is Zen-Like, with it's smooth metallic case. It also comes with a black Leather-like case, that provides easy access to all the functions, except the Firewire and USB Ports. The included head phones are good-looking, how ever they dont sound that good. The operating system on the unit is easy to look at, and has well designed icons. Play Center is also good-looking and skinable. The unit also is a liitle heavyValue- 9.5The Unit is well below what the 20GB Ipod Costs. Even though the headphones aren't that great and the optional remote is costly, it still is worth the money. Even after buying better head-phones and the hard to find remote, it still costs less then an IPOD.Overall-9.0 (or 5/5 for amazon)The Nomad Jukebox Zen is the best MP3 jukebox player out there. Simply put, a must for any music listener with more than 20 CDS."
I've always been reluctant about buying an mp3 player because I was afraid the sound quality would not be up to par... but was I pleasantly surprised with the Nomad-Zen.  The sound quality is excellent.  The size is great, fits nicely in the palm of your hands...  The navigation menu takes a little getting used to but its effective.  Im also very pleased with the ease of use of transferrig and ripping songs.  Very good product, highly reccommended.
Pros-Price.Sound Quality.Durability.Battery Life.Con-Battery is non-removeable (similar to iPods - newer Zen models do have removeable battery)
I just bought a new Jukebox Zen 2.0.  already I love it.  I had an old first generation Jukebox with the 6 gig HD.  My only complaint is that the line in has been taken out.  The optional FM/microphone module has a built in mic, so you can't connect any external devices like a tape player to record my old tape to mp3's.  other than that I love the 14 hour Lithium Ion battery.  and all for about [$...] yesterday.  my only question is.... why are iPod's so ... expensive?  sure you might want to use FireWire, but I opted for the longer battery life.  besides USB 2.0 will be nicer than USB 1.1 was like I was used to.  Enjoy coke-a-cola.... opps. wait I mean enjoy your music... no matter what you listen to it on.
I had heard some negative things about the zen jukebox before i bought it, but the price, the storage space, and slick look attracted me to buy it anyway. All of the downsides i had heard about have been put to rest. The explorer is as easy to use as any i have seen, and the lack of recording capabilities (unless you shell out another 70$ or so) couldnt matter less to me. I bought the thing to play mp3's, not record. The sound quality is awesome, the transfer speed is wicked quick, and the thing has style...all for the lowest price. I recommend it.
Unless If you really need a small sized hardrive player, get this. Dont get me wrong, the nomad's small, but not as small as its counterpart. Itll fit into most big pockets with the case on, and without it'll fit into normal sized pockets cozily, however smaller pockets might be a strecth. Besides that: Sound is great, battery life rules, with the updated firmware it can now play any song inyour library, and has all those nice sleep functions. Playlists are easy to make, and interface works well ( yes it isnt as good as that touch sensor, but Im not shelling out all that money).This is definetly the best bang for your buck, and hell, if it was more expensive it would be a tough competitor.
The Creative Labs NOMAD Jukebox Zen has absolutely everything you could ever want in an MP3 Player.Sound: Wonderful sound quality.  It's clear with surprisingly rich bass, not to mention the volume can get extremely loud, even with the cheap included headphones.  The EAX Audio Settings are also very nice if you are a true enthusiast interested in dialing every song in for the perfect clarity and ballance.  There is virtualy zero distortion (98db) which sounds much better than the IPod.Size: It will fit into any pocket... sure you may see the slight outline of the jukebox in your pocket, but it doesn't bother at all.Design: The Zen looks much better in person than it does in the box or on the website.  It's solid and has a nice feal with the buttons placed perfectly for using, but also tucked away enough to ensure they never get bumped.  The scroll wheel is a god-send.The Nomad Zen can pick apart your music 2 ways: one is by disecting the file name to determine artist, album, track number, etc (good for those who download all their music).  The other way is very useful if you enjoy listening to full albums in the correct order.  Using Music Match or similar software you can rip CD's or modify exhisting tracks to contain all the information needed to allow perfect album re-creation.  Once all your tracks are transfered/modified to your Zen, you can choose to view all tracks by an artist or view all albums by the artist.  choosing all tracks will list tracks in alphebetical order... sorting by album will give you all tracks sorted by track number.  I was having difficulty finding a player that allowed for both of these options, and this one does it flawlessly.
So great. Honestly, the only thing the iPod has on this is size and weight, which aren't even big differences. Size was an issue for me, since I walk 2 miles roundtrip to school every day, and I kept my previous MP3 player in my pocket. This still fits fine. I don't even have USB 2.0, and I thought loading files would take the same time as with my previous player. Not so. I loaded 1,355 songs on here in less than an hour, which is great, since I'm used to waiting 20 minutes to put only 1 album on. Keep in mind that with 1,355 songs, I have filled less than 1/4 of the memory, and all my MP3's are at 160kbps. This is great, becuase if you are tired of lugging around a CD case filled with CD's and your CD player with you on long vacations, you only have to "lug" around this compact nine ounce device that can hold about 350-500 of your albums. I have had no problems with this since I got it. I strongly recommend this instead of an iPod. C'mon, why spend $500 when you can get a slightly heavier, larger version for $200 less?
I have had my Jukebox Zen USB 2.0 since Father's Day.  I love it!  The battery lasts a long time and charges fast, and the case is durable and shelters the Zen with solid protection in case of a fall.  Much cheaper than the Ipod, the Zen provides SUPERIOR sound.  This is worth noting carefully, because, after all, isn't the SOUND of the unit the most important feature?  It delivers great sound through headphones, through a small digital speaker setup like the Travelsound, or simply with a set of computer speakers plugged into the stereo headphone jack.  One of my favorite features is the EAX audio adjustment that keeps an even volume.  I keep classical music on during the workday and it's wonderful not to have to continually raise and decrease the volume of the unit.  The USB2.0 loading is very quick, with a CD's worth of music loading in about 20 seconds, and the entire 20 gigs loading if you want to in well under an hour.  The play menus are intuitive and easy to learn.I highly recommend this unit.
I bought the ZEN player after looking around at the Ipod, Ipod clones, and other MP3 jukebox players.  The ZEN seems to have the right combination of sound quality, small size, reliability, and features.  Easy to set up and to load your library.  The software is OK, not as bad as described by some customers.  The charging from USB is a great feature as it means one less power adapter block to lug around.  You could pay a lot more, and probably get a slightly better player, you can pay less and get something substandard, but my recommendation would be CL ZEN Nomad.
This player is great! The USB 2.0 is ridiculously fast- I transfered my entire collection (2,000 songs) in just under half an hour! the sound quality is excellent, and the interface is great, as long as all of your ID3 tags are correct.  It's a tiny bit thicker than the ipod, and fairly heavy, but compared to a CD player, it's pretty small. The carrying case isn't that great, and sometimes the buttons are a bit tricky to use with one hand if you're trying to do something quickly.  Creative's EAX sound stuff is great- especially the sound effects (making the files sound like they're being played in an auditorium, garage etc) and the smart volume is awesome too.  I used the airplane function on my flight, and the player completely blows CD players out of the water.  The software is easy to use, but i still prefer Windows Media Player.  This player is perfect for me, since most of my files are WMA's that I've ripped.Overall highly recommended- and how can you say no when it's practically half the price of an ipod?
I have tried out almost every conceivable large capicity MP3 player out.  Hands down, for price, value, look, and durability, the Nomad Zen has it.Here's my breakdown.Nomdad ZenLooks nice and from an American company, Creative Labs. Its easy to use interface, great sound, slightly smaller than the archos and a bit bigger than the Ipod.Built in battery but dies after 2 years or so. No problem, according to the Creative Labs website. They'll replace it at no charge when it dies.  And yes it has shuffle and such an easy to use playlist, including a LCD screen remote -- how cool! Battery life is pretty good too.I found the Zen to be a superb overall value...
After doing extensive research on mp3 players, i decided i should either get the zen or the 10 gig ipod. I chose the zen because of the price, and i have not been dissapointed by it.Although working the music management program was dificult at first, once i got used to it i began to love it.The player has great sound quality and transfers files very quickly.I ran around with it in my pocket for over 10 minutes, and it never skipped or showed a slowdown.I am very happy with my Nomad jukebox zen, and i reccomend it to anyone looking for a good mp3 player with a large hard drive, but not lacking portability.
I bought the Zen last week, quickly charged it, and have been enjoying it ever since.  It was very easy to set up and has been very easy to transfer file to it.  The software seems alright and the performance has been great.  I have about 5GB already on it, and expect to put much more on it.  The battery seems to last as promised.  The only critique is being unable to find the FM Wired Remote for it.  Everyone seems to be out of stock.  Highly recommend.
Hi.I'm very interested in purchasing a Nomad zen.  However, there seem to be two type of Nomad Zen out.  Is that true?  Is there a USB type and FireWire type?  Or are they combine together?Please help me out because I'm so confused.
Tons of power in a tiny space: That sums it up nicely. I got this mp3 player after my Jukebox 3 was stolen. When I got the player, the first ting I noticed was the small size and the placement of the buttons. The power button is a little tough to use, but that's not a major gripe. My only major problem with this player is the software. The disk that came with it was a major pain to install, crashing at random points during the load, and the play center didn't install at all. I finally got everything else loaded, and used the play center from my jukebox 3 disk. now, take notice: THIS ONLY OCCURED ON 1 COMPUTER, on others it loaded just fine, but take notice.
I have shopped around for the "perfect" case for about 2 weeks and I have looked at a LOT of cases, but nothing came close to this one besides the Covertec.  The leather is supple.  There is an access hole for the speaker in the back.  It comes with a belt clip (which I thought I would not like, but I like it). This is a well made case, but you are paying for it!  The only complaint I have is that the box that is came in had about three sticky labels on it identifying the product (which would have take away from the presentation of the gift).  Since I was giving it as a gift, I just CAREFULLY took all the labels off the beautiful box it came in.  My friend loves it!
Awesome. I have tapes that I can still listen too. Great idea for placing this on amazon. Great deal too.
I don't know how anyone could be disapointed by this great product at a very affordable price.  The tuner works great(Panasonic radio's have excellent sensitivity and selectivity).  The tape deck work just fine.  I am really impressed at the quality of Panasonic products like this.  I can't recommend this product enough to other people.
I carry the machine on my hip throughout the day and listen to books on tapes.  And it works just fine.  It uses two AA batteries, and I use to machines that use one, but it seems a lot sturdier than I am used to and does not break as easily.
WAS NOT SURE IF I COULD FIND THESE ANYMORE. I STILL HAVE MANY CASSETTES.I SEARCHED AND FOUND IT, I LOVE IT AND IT STILL WORKS GREAT.RECOMMEND TO ALL WHO STILL TREASURE THEIR CASSETTES...
If anyone still uses walkman type equip, this is a fine, inexpensive choice.  Nice headphones and excellent durability.  Many features on sound type.
Sony doesn't have any auto reverse player anymore.  I looked all over and this one seems to do the trick for my mom who plays tapes from her Karaoke class.  Good price too.
I must've had this model Panasonic for at least four years now! Before this one I had one of those big white & orange Sony kinds, the ones that are waterproof, jogproof, etc...didn't even last me a year. After that I got this type, the Panasonic RQ-CR07V, and it's been remarkably good to me ever since. After years of use it's all scratched up, the tape deck gets stuck sometimes, and the metallic paint is smearing off at the edges...but it still plays as perfectly as the day I bought it. The only reason I'm getting a new unit now is so I can have one that's nice and new-looking...and I'm planning on getting the same exact model! (I'm so glad it's still being sold.)Take my advice: if you want a tape deck that's solid and plays well - and will last long - this is the ticket. Plus: I love carrying it around because my friends (who all have mp3 players now) think it's cool that I still have a "walkman!"
I purchased one of these Walkman cassette players some time ago and I am well pleased with it. It's not built as well as they used to be but it plays well except the head phones. I bought a &#34;good&#34; set of headphones and the sound is fantastic. . I would recommend this to a friend  RJP
Am very pleased. Bought this one to replace a similar Panasonic player that has given excellent service for many years.
Over the past 3 years I have bought over 3 different mp3 players.  I first bought a Creative Nomad II, then i bought the riovolt (cd/mp3 player the black one), then i bought my first flash drive/mpr3 player.  Of all the mp3 players that I bought before i find the flash drive/mp3 players to be worth most for its value.I just ordered my Samsung YP-55V 256 MB Digital Audio Player with FM Tuner, like 1 day ago.  The best thing i found with this is its attractice design and its ability to encode from anything.  Most mp3 players, don't even have that function.  So we got a mp3 player, that can encode like MDs, has a FM tuner, can record from the FM radio, and is a Flash Drive.  All this powered by a plug-and-play USB 1.1 port, for 159 us bucks.  Compared to any other mp3 player i've found on the market, this is the best.This player is really worth its cost.  The iriver, is nice as well, has better design, but its WAY over priced and it has copy right limitations even on Mp3s.  So it really defeats the purpose of a Flash Drive.If you are into flash drive/mp3 players, this is the ultimate player for you.  but if you are looking for mass mp3 storage players, get the apple ipod, if you are looking for a mp3/cd player, get new sony model. anything else, go look elsewhere.
I bought this MP3 player a week ago. First I got this, I was suprised to feel the smallest I've ever had. The Design was luxury, Cute, and Jog-Dial gave me FUN. Also, WOW sound keep me 5 hours listening, the battery keep 20 hours playing.I reccomend this MP3 player, you would't be disappointed.
This is one solid gadget.  Unlike most portables in this size range, it's made largely of aluminum and feels more resilient.  The overall form-factor is much more rounded (and snag-free), and though the controls seem a bit odd at first, they become second nature after a bit.Other reviews have mentioned problems with loose controls, but I've been using mine actively for awhile now, and have not seen these problems.  It could have been that there were issues with the first round out of the factory.So, why get this instead of the iRiver?  First off, the general construction is alot more sturdy.  Second, this one runs on a AAA battery and still gets better battery life.  Including alot of time draining power by transferring files, one battery lasted me roughly 14 hours.  Not shabby at all, especially considering that I had the surround-sound and bass boost on the whole time.On that subject, this unit has a surround-sound emulator called SRS which actually *does* provide nice spatialization, and the bass-boost is firm but not overpowering.  Do yourself a favor and throw out the included headphones-they stink, but then again so do the ones included with *every* other portable out there.  Even the Creative NJB3, which is the paragon of sound-quality came with dreadful phones.  That said, even 128kBs files sound good through this thing, and more than adequate for portable use.As far as the included software, blah.  It wouldn't even install correctly on a stock WinME box, so I ended up skipping it, and lo and behold, this player doesn't need it anyway!  Plug it in, and it's immediately recognized as a generic USB drive.  Same goes (thank goodness!) for Linux.  No special steps needed to transfer files or mp3s, and no DRM hurdles.  Unlike the iRiver, this player will accept mp3s from any source and gladly upload them back to the computer without problems and without the extra layer of software, which makes it great as a portable drive.  It also includes a nifty USB plug in addition to the cord so it can be plugged directly into a computer ala the MuVo.The player reads Id3 tags to some extent.  It'll pick up and display Artist and Song Title (as well as time), but it won't read track numbers or albums from the tags.  The easy workaround is to simply transfer each album in its own folder.  The player will separate out the folders as individual albums.  There's no "Music Library" of any sort, so just make sure your filenames have numbers at the beginning or it'll play them alphabetically.  Shuffle and repeat features work just fine.  The player adds a *slight* gap between files, though it's not as bad as some, and if there's not a gap between tracks, the player simply adds a split-second of silence rather than the annoying "crack" that many players do.Practically speaking, the unit seems to hold 254.9Mb.  Just under 1 meg is for the settings file, but with 128kBs files, I can get 3:49:22 worth of music on here at once with a bit of space to spare.As far as the controls, the unit only has four actual buttons, with a novel twist-cap mechanism at the top, so each of the buttons has to perform several functions.  It's not the most intuitive thing at first, but with time, it becomes second nature.  A word of warning, though: some of the more advanced functions have to be accessed through menus three layers down, which can be a hassle while walking.  Forward and rewind functions are handled by the twist-cap and really aren't confusing as long as you remember that clockwise is forward.  They work especially well for track-seek operations with one hand.For $, not a bad deal at all, and I'm very happy with mine.  The Nomad Jukebox 3 has replaced my home stereo, and now this has replaced my Walkman.  Be sure to factor in the cost of better headphones when considering this (or any other portable), though.  I've got a pair of Sony Ex-71s that sound great, but they'll set you back another $.  One last caveat:  I don't know where the orange-themed one pictured here came from, but all the units I've seen for the US market are a simple nondescript silver-and-black deal.
Before reading my review, if you already got one of this, get the new 5.7 firmware for folder navigation, playlists and lyrics support. Just go to google.com and search for &quot;YP-55 firmware&quot;This is the third MP3 player I own and I must say I love it. I researched a lot of MP3 players before buying it and I'm confident it must be one of the best flash based players on the market.Sound is amazing and loud, and the YP-55 feels like a quality executive item, it is not a flimsy toy like mi previous iRiver. The WOW function is incredible, it nicely spatializes the sound in your head making it sound pretty amazing. You must hear it to believe it.You can configure everything from the menus. USB transfers are quite speedy, a lot faster than my previous players and my digital camera. Battery life is quite good, too. May be because it doesn't consume power from the battery when downloading songs, it is powered by the USB port when doing this.Package includes a nice and small USB adapter for direct connect for those times you don't want to carry around the USB cable.Out of the box it does not support playlists or folder navigation, but it does with the new firmware 5.7.Overall I am pretty happy with the YP-55 and the only con I can find is the included headphones. Like every other MP3 player, it comes with low-cost earbuds. Sound is adequate but not great. Once you get better earphones, there is a HUGE difference in sound.
this mp3 player is small and the weight is also smalli wear it on my neck ahahahah that's so cool thing isn't it?
Hi Guys!  I have tons of things to say about this mp3player.  First, I had days of research between SONY MD Players and MP3 players.  I decided to buy SONY MD PLAYER(Sony MZ-NF610 High Speed Net MD Walkman Recorder), but THIS Samsung YP-55V CHANGED MY MIND.  SONY md player has advantages and disadvantages.  Advantages are..  it is easy to have more than 256mb of musics due to $... priced mini discs where you can store 700mb of music.  BUT!  Sony's software prohibits you from copying & loading any MUSIC FILES more than 3 times!  This was really annoying..  Should I go for MORE MUSIC & Cheaper Price?  but I can't copy mor e than 3 times..  which makes me worry because I like to copy & delete and make n ew mixes everytime Iwant!You might buy Sony MZ-NF610 High Speed Net MD Walk manRecorder because it has FM/AM/TV/weather band and lets you copy from radio,cd,and other cd units and record your voice.  BUT DID YOU KNOW THAT it wont let you can not load your recorded files back to your computer? ...  THIS samsung YP has the same fuction of recording & guess what?  YOU CAN LOAD IT TO YOUR COMPUTER and COPY & DELETE MORE THAN 3 TIMES OR WHATEVER YOU Want!  Better than Sony MZ-NF610 High Speed Net MD Walkman Recorder !  256mb is 4 hours of music with 128 kb MP3 files.  More than enough for short road trip or jogging.  this 256 Mb provides you 128 min of music at 128kbs & 180min at 96kbs.  It has *256MB Built-in Flash Memory *FM Tuner *Negative Bac klight LCD Display *ID3 Tag Display (title,file name) *Multi language supp ort*Voice Recording *SRS WOW Technology *USB 1.1 Support (direct plug to PC) *Over 15 hrs.  of Playback (AAA x 1) NOW DETAILS.multi languages..which are 4 languages, korean, Japanese, China & English..  if your a jpop fan, this is your lucky day!  NO MORE BROKEN FONTS!  ...  Think usb 1.1 is bit slower?  Yeah maybe so, but most of people have 1.1 not 2.0.  Unless you purchased new computer or bothered yourself upgrading it.5.7 MB sized 44 mp3 files loading takes only 16min 30 sec!(Max 4mb per/sec) now voice recording(max 17hour 20min) ..you gotta love this.  You can actually decide the part you want to repeat to listen.  You can mark A point & B point and repeat that part only from what you have recorded..  essential for students!  specially when you have a foreign language class!!  You can record from radio also.  SRS WOW..  what is that?  this provides you surrounded sound with 8 different pre-set equalizer such as classic,rock,jazz,r&b; etc.  and if you dont want that, you can set it for yourself with 10 differ ent treble base settings.  BTW this mp3 player can play alsoWMA,WAV files!  now accessories..  earphone, usb cable, installation CD, AAA battery (yeah you get that too lol), neck strap (very convinient),carrying case (nowdays this is hard to see), direct connect usb adaptor, and line cable.  Line cable lets you hook up with other devices , so you can record from cd,radio,cd players.  USP adaptor ,,what a wonderful thing..  THIS PLAYER IS SKIP FREE!  you can run and wrestle!  wont skip!  YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS!  you DO NOT FIND mp3 players with THESE FEATURES under $...!now.. this software has FIRM ware.. blah.. which lets you update with features ( software wise ).This mp3 player also has normal, intro, repeat one, repeat all, shuffle mode like others.....this device also let you encode mp3 files directly. You can adjust birates too. VOLUME could be reduced little.. like 1% or so.. but you wont feel that much of difference. Sound quality is also excellent.YOUR window recongize this device as removal drive even if you do not install driver. well~ but it is better to install the driver! ...the size.. yeah.. size.. very small.. if you have that paper glue you used at elementary school,, this device is smaller (heights wise ) than that! amazing huhcompare to other mp3 such as i audio cw200 or iriver.. this is way better. More features.. design..covers and everything. cs200 buyers.. beware.. in korean , the company is selling cw300.. so you might want to wait.. if you want to compare that with this samsung yp-55v. iriver guys.. well.. believe in youself if that helps.. ...
It plays 30 -40 hours per week on a regular basis in a factory-and sometimes more than that . 1 AAA batery goes for about 8 hours,  -never had a problem in the 15 months that I owned it. Can download on average of 54-64 songs, depending on how long the songs are.  Very trustworthy item
I have only the technival manual in Chinese I need it in English.can you mail it to my e'mail: tafanelr@hotmail.comI am ready to pay
This Samsung yepp player is the real deal so i just had to opine-if you have a pc - the ipod is not for you. it requires high speed usb ports and several costly accessories for a trendy and bulky item.i've owned this YEPP for almost a year and thought the IPOD with eye tunes was supposed to be great - so needless to say i bought one and the first wouldn't charge; the second charged and let me download songs - then would not stay charged for more than a couple hrs.the third one just shut down one day after i disconnected it during a DO NOT DISCONNECT phase. it would not even do a hard reset.stick with the yepp - it works with media players (yeah - i know WMP can be funky sometimes) but if you have a late model PC and want to copy files quickly...run to this and don let the Apple fall on your head. I have NEVER written a review before so I hope that this at least helps someone. My wife won't beleive me because she is SAVING UP for an IPOD.disgusted in DC
Digital Innovations may have gotten off with a rocky start but I believe they are way ahead of the race now. I had a 1.1 version of Neuros that I upgraded to 2.o USB . They apparently had problems with a stocking of new boards (no doubt because of the demand for this product).  I called to check on the status one evening at 9 pm and the President-Joe Born himself answered, and promised delivery would be soon. It shipped out that day and I received it 2 days later. Any company that has a President putting in the late hours and following thru personally is OK in my books.  I own several mp3 players, one company I never heard back from after 2 E-mails. I'm so impressed with the Neuros that's why I own 3 of them. They have a ongoing forum that is full of info on support, just type in the issue and it will list all information that has been covered from other users as well as input from their people and supporting members.  If you still have problems the support line is great, they will answer you within minutes or sooner. No having to pay for support. The software, as well as firmware for downloading songs can be automatically updated when opened. Oh and did I mention that it's less expensive than the Ipod ?Thanks Joe well done .
The Neuros has by far been the best electronics product I have used in a long, long time.Pros:  Large hard drive, price (esp. compared to ipod), support from company (upgrades to PC software and unit firmware)Get one, you won't regret it!I'll respond to a few complaints I've seen:USB 1.1 support only, no USB 2.0 - the company is working to produce an upgrade and is it really that big of a deal?  You upload the song once and listen to it over and over.  With 20 gigs, do you really need to change out songs that frequently?Size - it's not much bigger than the competition and it comes with all of their extras as included features.User Interface - Huh?  Those must have been to previous revs to the software.  Everything was very intuitive for me.  As I said above, company support is great!
I have the USB 1.1 version of this MP3 player, and I've had it for about 8 months. I did extensive research before I finally settled on this player and I do not have a single regret.Pros:- Great sound (recommend using different headphones than the ones included)- Easy to use and install (I have XP, and it had no problems recognizing the device)- Can be used as a back up hard drive- Outstanding battery life (I typically get 8-10 hours of continual play...and it will retain power for several days when turned off)- Can play and sort songs in many different ways (i.e. by Album, Artist, Genre, etc.)- The FM transmitter that is built in is great for the car- Looks cool with the orange lights- Lots of storage space for the priceCons:- Large and heavy (compared to other players like the iPod)- No resume after powered off- Slow transfer rate with USB 1.1 (but now they have USB 2.0!)If you're looking for an affordable and reliable alternative to the iPod, I suggest this. I have nothing against the iPod, but since I couldn't afford one this is what I went with.
Yes, Sony is ridiculously proprietary, but if you only own Sony products, then compatability and memory stick media issues/costs shouldn't be a problem. This is my second Sony Network Walkman (I had the NW-MS9 a while back but sold it when I got my Clie), and I am absolutely loving it.First of all, you can't beat the size. It's so small and light that you'll forget it's even in your hand sometimes. The controls were a bit strange to me in the beginning, especially compared to the design of the NW-MS9, but they're easy to get used to once you realize that holding the MS70D kind of like a gun gives you great access to the most frequently used buttons. I know the gun metaphor isn't the clearest image in the world, but once you get your hands on the MS70D, you'll understand what I mean.Second, sound quality is excellent. I'm not an audiophile by any means, so I won't even try comparing ATRAC3plus with MP3s. All I know is that everything sounds great. I recorded all my songs at the highest rate, though, so maybe that has something to do with it. I haven't tried the lower setting, but I'm sure it's great for the non-audiophile listener.Third, the controls are relatively intuitive. Everything is pretty easy to get to. By the way, for the reviewer who asked about the memory stick duo expansion slot, it's actually embedded at the bottom of the actual unit. So it adds no bulk to the unit at all (i.e., even if you could remove it, it wouldn't make any difference). The &quot;bulkiness&quot; to the player is at the top - that spacey-looking cylindrical thing. On one side is the headphone jack. You can remove the silver jack cap if you want to use your own headphones (which I would recommend, only because stock headphones are always uncomfortable in the ears and inferior in sound quality). The volume control is also on this side. One the other side is the play/hold button and the &quot;joystick&quot; thing that you can push away or toward you for fast-forwarding, rewinding, searching, etc.The silver bar thingee below the cylindrical thing (yes, very high-tech talk!) is the HOLD switch. This switch is the only thing on my CONS list of the MS70D. It definitely feels very well made and sturdy, but I can't EVER remember which way to move the thing. This isn't a huge problem, but I always try moving it the other way before getting it right. Yes, it wastes only milliseconds of my life, but still. It would be like having to flip a light switch twice before actually turning on the light. Not really a hassle, but somewhat annoying anyway. I like Sony's &quot;regular&quot; HOLD switches, like the ones on the Clies and the NW-MS9, where you just need your thumb to slide the little textured metal piece. For this switch, since it's quite large, you need your thumb and index finger to move it back and forth.The expansion slot is a nice touch, especially since it's undetectable. I don't have any memory stick duo cards, though, and the embedded 256MB is more than enough for me. I also have a minidisc player (MZ-E10, world's smallest and lightest!), so if I ever need more variety than what 256MB yields, I'll use that.The MS70D is perfect for listeners who like the shuffle play mode. As long as you only transfer songs you actually like and want to hear, then you'll never have to use any of the controls on the player at all. Just turn it on and leave it on. The battery life IS 33 hours, after all. There's a sweet group function mode, too (similar to playlists), which is nice if you have your music categorized (which I don't).I know a lot of people complain about the SonicStage software, but because I have a Vaio computer, I'm used to using it. And familiarity often influences preference. I think it's really easy to use; this version looks a lot better than the older version that came with my computer. If you have a HUGE mp3 collection, you might be annoyed at the conversion time, though SonicStage does give you the option of keeping the tracks in mp3 form. The MS70D supports other formats as well, but I don't have anything but ATRAC3plus on it.And finally, just look at the thing. It's gorgeous and cool and will definitely be an eye-catcher no matter where you are. The docking cradle is nice, too. Not a bad addition on your desk. So if you're looking for the perfect balance between form and function, look no further. The NW-MS70D is here.
This is a very durable little mp3 player. I take it everywhere and to all types of gyms. Sometimes I can't hold on to it while doing activity, and I just hold it in the strap of my sports bra, put in my pocket while snowboarding, tuck it away in a hat or visor, etc. Its great! I would suggest anyone who is active and likes to take their music everywhere they go to buy this little walkman. Well worth the money!
Ive owned this player for quite some time and love it. I use to listen to music and thats it. Sonicstage works fine. I even burn discs from it and if you have a car stereo that reads mp3s it will give you the name of the band ,track, or name of cds. It seems that everyone who doesnt like it wants something more than an mp3 player. the software has never caused me any problems. you can even update it for free. works just like windows media. piece of cake. remember...its for listening to music. Oh , and who needs more than 10 cds on one unit?
The proprietary formats won't stop you from getting great use out of the player. I can store a ton of music on it, and I'm an audiophile willing to admit that the maximum and next to maximum setting for Real Player's compression algorithms are indistinguishable using anything less than an MDC 2000 style headphone--AND NOBODY WALKS AROUND WITH ANYTHING THAT HEAVY!If you have a bunch of MP3's that you were too cheap to buy the CDs for, then you may run into problems. They are surmountable, but everybody has their own favorite methods. If you have the CDs, then you will not know what I'm talking about.The unit is incredibly small and attractive. I've had my MP3 player start conversations at bars, restaurants, in class, and with my clients (yeah I've got all of those). I like to use it with a noise reduction headphone so that I can still appreciate the sound when walking on the street or in the subway...or to just overpower the new age music at the gym.Its a great player with high memory, strong lasting power, terrific ease-of-use options, and futuristic look and feel. Better for professionals with more spending power than time to take advantage of illegal downloads.
I was looking for either a CD Player, MD player, or MP3 player that I can bring when I go for a jog. I was specifically looking for something small, something I don't have to hold on to.  I eventually came across the MS70D, and this tiny guy has been great. I can't put the thing down! If you want to listen to the MS70D at the gym, no problem. You can dangle the thing around your neck like a necklace.  This, I think is one of the great pros of buying this device.  ...The headphone jack locks in when you plug it in, so it doesn't get accidentally yanked out.  It really is like wearing an oversized necklace, and after a while you even forget it's there. However, when you go for a run, it might be better to use the extension cord and slip the device in your pocket.  If you were to run with the MS70D around your neck, the thing would hit you in the chest repeatedly.As mentioned before, the factory headphones that come with the MS70D aren't spectacular, so I use the B&O; A8.  I record the songs at the Atrac3plus setting because I want to cram as many songs as I can, but the sound quality is good enough.You can get a 128MB Magic Gate Duo stick to add an extra 10+ hours of music, but so far I'm satisfied with what I have.If you're like me and want to listen to music anywhere and everywhere, then this MS70D is a must-buy.
I have just recently started using my irock! 730i, and have been very pleased with it so far.  I was looking for an MP3 player that was small enough to go running with and also had expansion capabilities.  The irock afforded me both.  The only feature that it did not have that I wanted was a built in tuner.A little about the player:* It's small - I didn't realize how small until I got it.  It's about 3x2x1 inches.* It has an LCD display that displays song information and can even be used to create a karaoke like display or even display pictures (in admittedly poor quality).* It has a built-in, removable belt clip - some other versions do not.* Accepts SmartMedia expansion cards, up to 128 MB - allowing for a total of 256 MB of music at any given point.* Comes with software: MusicMatch and the Irock Transfer Manager.* Has a key lock to stop accidentally turning it on when it is being transported* It does not come with rechargeable batteries: it takes one AAA battery.* The headphones that come with it seem good enough to do the job - nothing great but not too cheap either.Some others notes:You'll need to use their software to actually move the music to the player.  I did run into some problems when I first tried to add music to a SmartMedia card (a card is not included with the product).  I think the trick is to format the card with the irock! software, or through the menu option on the device.On the down side, I think the menu system is a little tricky.  Although it allows for you to change many settings, like the equalizers (to 1 of 5 presets) and random playback, it is difficult to figure out how to get in to, and once in, a little clunky to maneuver.Also in random playback mode, it will cycle through both your external memory card and the internal memory - so if you want to be able to swap out cards to get fresh music, be warned that anything in internal memory will be heavy rotation. . . There is no way to specify the "source" for random play - then again, I would think this is an issue with most players.I would probably also skip installing the MusicMatch software, it's not a full version and pops up annoying upgrade messages.The bottom line:There are a bunch of features that I don't think I will ever use, like memo recording and the MP3i video/karaoke stuff - but there are also plenty that I have already used like the memory expansion and random playback.  This light, compact, functional unit seems to really do what it advertises.  And for the price, I don't think you'll find a better player with the features it has....
After a disappointing experience with the much hyped ipod shuffle (see my review for aformentioned), I was weary of buying another mp3. But, this time around I did a little research and  come accross a lot of positive reviews about the iRiver players. Even though this one is an earlier version, and only holds about 16 songs, I'm [so far] pleased with how it's working. The software loaded like butter.  The instructions are clear and easy to follow. I even explored the website and found it to be very informative and helpful (to date, I haven't had to troubleshoot any problems!). iRiver has restored my faith in products such as these. I now feel confident and ready get the latest version for my daughter, to replace the "Shuffle" that gave us headaches. Buy an iRiver...the title says it all.
Out of three minidisc players/recorders I've had, this is the favorite - it's the slimmest model I've ever seen and that makes a difference.  If you like MD players, try to find this one somewhere on the 'net.  The remote on mine broke about four years ago (because I stepped on it) but I still keep it in hopes that I'll be able to use it again with a new remote.  I have an ipod touch but I hate that.  Sorry Steve Jobs. Sony did it first and did it better!
I just got this minidisc player 6 months ago and I love it. the extremely light weight is almost impossible to imagine I just put it in my pocket and it disappears.  the battery life is a big plus because I can finally listen to my music a entire flight or road trip, unlike the i pod the battery just eats gas, It'll probably get 15 hours to the gallon; on the other hand, the MZ E10 gets about 38 hours to the gallon. Look, if you want a fast transferring sleek minidisc player and blow away all friends Ipods go with this one or a Sony MZ NH-1, Sony MZ NH-900, or a Sony network digtal music player do not touch the Sony MZ N-10 though. This minidisc player is not cheap however every cent you spend on this is strictly excellent quality and this minidisc player sounds awsome.  By the way once the battery dies with this puppy the price is very cheap $29 to replace, but once the battery dies on the i pod u might as well buy another one because it's just $179.00 down the drain.Sony MZ E-10Worth buying 10/10Sound Quality 10/10Endurance  9/10Endurance,Battery life 8/10Options,Features etc.  9/10Costumer Service  10/10 the most understanding and dependable people I ever heard.Stylish Look, Design etc.  10/10Software  6/10  Sony always had buggy software but it works.
I bought this mp3 player with high expectations.  I workout 5 days a week and so I needed something that was light-weight, could hold a lot of music, sounded good, and lasted a long time using a minimal amount of batteries. I love this tiny player!  It met all my expectations and kept going.  The arm band works out great and so does the basic clip.  The head phones that come with it are great quality.  The software is easy to use and so is the actual program on the mp3 player.  There are a lot of settings to choose from, but they are easy to use. The lcd even lights up when you touch any button.  When flipping through the songs, the mp3 player doesn't hesitate at all; it's pretty much instantaneous.  I highly recommend it.  It's a great bargain considering you get 128mb for that low of a price with such good quality included.
I was sick and tired of hearing dj - chatter laughing over inane thing like going to the super market. I would go through my entire commute without listening to a single song. That made my choice clear, I needed music and didnot want to carry out a huge bag of cds with me all the time. I tried ipod with itrip but the fm transmitter never worked.Finally i decide to give satellite radio a try. Some one told me Sirius was better for talk radio. I had it with talk on radio and wanted to listen to some music. So i went for XM. I absolutely love it. I fell in love with it when the first song I heard was from my favorite artist. It is so cool.I had a little trouble activating it because i had to call twice to get the job done. But other than that the service has been flawless. Okay if you into tunnels you lose the signal but the  30 minute replay feature is there to save the day.I love the constant stock ticker, the artist - name and song display. The feature when it beeps when my favorite artist's song is playing on any of its stations. If that is not all I can listen to it online at work for free.Did I say i love it?? Oh yes I do, my gf hates it, but she will get over it ;-)
I love my Skyfi. It has the added bonus of coming out of my car and going into my boombox. The music is great. No commercials on 35 music channels and about 2 minutes/hour on the other 30. The comedy channels are great as well. One for adults and one for family. The Skyfi is easy to use. You'll be happy you got it.
I knew that this product delivered radio by a digital broadcast via satellite so I expected noise free sound without fadeouts and I knew they had over 100 channels and that all the music channels are commercial free,  but I was somewhat skeptical about the sound quality beyond the noise free advantage and I was also skeptical about the diversity and depth of the music programming. I had been burned out by the monotony and commercial overload on FM.What a pleasant surprise.  The music is free of annoying digital artifacts providing sound quality comparable to the CD player on my home stereo - better than the best FM stations.  The sound fidelity on the many talk shows is not as good and you can detect some digital compression, but it is not annoying and the sound is better than any AM station and the reception reliability is way beyond AM, especially if you are driving some distance in your car - same station and reception quality all the way across the country.The music programming is top notch.  Frankly it exceeded by best expectations.  I really hadn't figured you could put together so much great music within a genre on radio, I simply have not heard radio like this before.  While they do have stations that play all the hits from various music styles, most go way beyond the hits playing tunes you had forgotten or haven't even heard from some of your favorite artists and you will discover new ones as well.I had become bored with radio, especially music, and I have started my love affair all over again.  I still hit the FM button once in while, but only to listen to NPR; for music, news, comedy and sports chatter you can't beat the XM button.One sideffect is that you will probably buy a lot fewer CD's since you can now instantly select interuption free music to fit any mood in seconds.
Radio was just as I ordered - works perfectly and fit great into my holder - shipped on time and a good price
Forget the naysayers. This product was worth every penny, as well as the subscription fee.I do not own a car, as I am legally blind. However, one does not need to own a car to enjoy XM radio. I live in the Coachella Valley in southern Central California, and quite frankly, the radio reception here bites, even on shortwave.I also live in an stucco reinforced apartment, with NO WINDOWS at all in my bedroom.My Sky FI radio rests in the boombox docking station, and sits on top of my televison set. The antenna is simply clipped to the back of the boombox, and I do not use a single inch 0f it's 20 foot cable.The radio works flawlessly.All 121 channels.No fading or digital artifacts.The sign up process was quick and painless. I was up and running in under an hour.Belive me, XM blows regular radio out of the water. My two favorite channels are 163 (Sonic  Theater) and 164(Old Time Radio)These 2 channels are well worth the subscription cost alone.XM radio should side market this product to the visually impaired or blind as well. I could think of no greater a gift for someone blind, such as myself.  An A PLUS!!!
I love my Delphi radio receiver!  I got this as a gift from my husband and I'm so impressed with the quality of the sound (I have the boombox to go with the receiver).  The programming is excellent, too.  For a mere $9.95 a month, you get over 100 channels. I love the vast array of music that is available.  From Blues to Classical, or World Music to Hard Alternative, XM's programming satifies any music lover's tastes. I'm also saving money, because I'm not buying nearly as many CD's as I used to. AND, starting in February 2004, the programming will be totally commercial free!  So, if you're weary of listening to commercial radio and sick of hearing the same songs played over and over, go buy a Delphi receiver! You won't be sorry.
hieverything was very good the radio works great im happy, the only glitch was the battery in the remote was dead. small problemthanks george
The answer is yes, and the reason in two words is Howard Stern.Not that I listen to Howard Stern, but the FCC has made it clear that the free broadcast spectrum is to be filled with nice words. Nor do I object to nice words. I like them. It is just that creativity and spark are going to find other outlets. These outlets will be on subscription radio.In the meantime, what is on XM is sensational. From comedy (even comedy that is not FCC approved) to music channels without any commercial content to America Right and America Left talk radio (Al Franken is here, folks)to sports.This receiver will work in your car, home or at the beach with a boom box.As to XM itself, it is an evolving medium, but the pace of evolution is very rapid. Get on the XM train and enjoy the ride.
I purchased this receiver for home use so I also bought the home adapter kit.  The out-of-the-box cable that connects the adapter to the home receiver/preamp was cheap and unshielded, and caused a loud hum in my system. I replaced it with a shielded iPod Monster cable for $20 and the hum went away. I was surprised at how good the sound was through a $30K stereo system. It is not CD quality (uses lossy compression) but was better than my Stereophile Class A tuner. The design is also great; it is nice looking, small, has a cheap but full functioning remote, and a large display (if you use the scroll option). The programming and commercial free format make XM Radio a very worthwhile investment.I would highly recommend this as a great addition to any home stereo system with an available RCA input for an additional device. There was an audiophile version of an XM Radio home tuner which included FM, but I do not believe it is currently available.
Item was correct and timely. Great service. Could not ask for better order fulfillment. I am very pleased that the item was available.
This is a review over all for the product and the service. Xm is great, there are commercials on about only half of the 70 music channels. But, there are very, very few commercials and you pay $36.00 less per year for, what I feel, is a better service. XM maybe has 1 or 2 commercials per hour and they have better personalities running the stations, meaning that people take on a character when introducing the music. Sirius has self promoting commercials by Pam Anderson but they never tell you that.The XM hardware is fantastic, getting better and the price has dropped nicely.It is nice that this module just pops out of the car and can be used anywhere with other adaptors or the boombox.
This is a mixed review on the delphi skifi reciever.This reciever sounds pretty good in the skifi boombox in my home I get stereo sound and XM on this reciever sounds as good as FM.In my car however it doesn't sound so good but than again I have bad speakers so that is why.I get a muffle in the speakers in my car but I have overlooked this because I enjoy my favorite music station anywhere I drive without it fading out.The signal quality on the delphi skifi is great on mine in the house.In the car it's pretty good too.I barely see the signal drop from 3 to 1 unless I drive by tall trees than it goes back up to 3 when I pass the trees.This skifi delphi has some strong points and weak points.Strong Points1)Great sound as long as you have good speakers.I get stereo sound in my boombox for the skifi.2)The display looks great at night and is easy to read.It has a beautiful orange color.3)It shows artist and song info.By hitting the display button you can change how it reads.If your sitting a long way from it you can set the display to show real big letters that scroll artist and song info across.You can also choose between the normal sized artist and song info that doesn't scroll or just to display the channel number in big numbers.4)You can select a lot of your favorite channels and save them.You can also set it to direct were you just punch in the number but you must punch in 3 numbers for example 024 for channel 24.5)You can transport this from your car cradle to your boombox without an additional subscription fee.6)The unit is small enough to put in your pocket.7)This reciever comes with a remote control which works pretty well.Weak Points1)This display is hard to see in bright sunlight.2)The reciver scratches very easy so be very careful.Also fingerprints show up and are very noticabale.3)This reciever gets hot when in the boombox and car cradle but this is normal.If you want to get xm radio pick up the skyfi because you can move it from your car into your home and this thing sounds incredible thru good speakers.Also the good thing about having xm in your car you can drive anywhere in the united states and not having to worry about your favorite radio station fading as it becomes more distant.Xm has music choices for every musical taste in addition to news,talk,weather,comedy and traffic channels with no commercials on music channels.Xm also has music formats you won't usualy find on AM and FM.Some of the more unique music formats they play is:Bluegrass Music Ch 14 Called Bluegrass JunctionBeautiful Music Ch 24 Called SunnyStandards Music Ch 73 Called Franks PlaceThey have 3 different channels of Classical Music in the 110-113 channels.New Age Music Channel 103 Called Audio VisionsThey also have 3 channels of Jazz.These are just the unique formats they also have many kind of country,rock,metal,rap,christian and r and b stations.You can't go wrong with xm satellite radio.You only pay less than ten dollars a month for the music and you get the unique formats above that arn't on FM anymore and best of all no commercials on music channels.
This receiver is over 10 years old, yet they're asking $130 for it, don't get me wrong this an 5 star radio, I bought mine when XM first started up and it's still going after all these years, I'm just asking the question why pay $130 bucks when their are newer and better receivers with more options,but to each his/her own.
Easy to use, great range of genres, portable Can take it with me anywhere.  Would highly recommend it to anyone.
It's small, light weight, and amazing.  I love XM Radio and you should too, so buy it.
I can't believe that I'm the first person to review this item..The XM reciever is completely off the chain... I can't believe that number of stations and the variety of music that I get for only 9.99 a month. The only quip I have about it is that you have to buy the reciever and then a kit for wherever you choose to use it. It does make some sense because you can use the reciever out in your car or in your house, but you can't use the reciever by itself. (The antenna is in the kits.)Anywho, if you're a person who is fed up with the crappy music that seems to just loop on the radio stations in your town, and spends a lot of time in your car.. this is for you. Forget about the $$$$ a month fee... it's pennies for what you get. 101 stations ranging from hardcore, uncensored hip-hop to latin jazz, to old time radio shows, to new radio shows, to CNN, to 24 hour stand up comedy!!! It's great! Go get it... NOW! Change the face of today's music and get XM!
Regular radio got ya down? Loads of commercials, especially those outrageous car dealers, driving you insane? XM is definitely a cure for this! With 100 channels (69 music, 31 talk), and half of the music channels having under 5 minutes of commercials per hour with the other half being commercial-free, there's always plenty to listen to! Lots of variety - from smooth jazz to world pop music, from classical to heavy metal, XM just about covers the musical map. And with news and talk from leading networks like Fox News, CNN, the BBC, E! Entertainment, and many more, you'll never be out-of-the-loop (unless you can't pull yourself away from the music!)
I recently rented a Cadillac from Avis and was able to listen to XM at no charge.  My wife and I really enjoyed it and decided the home kit option was something we were very interested in as we don't spend long periods of time in our cars.I was reluctant at first because of worries regarding the antenna not being in a south-facing window.  My stereo system is in a built-in entertainment wall and does not allow for the antenna to be pointed at a south facing window.  After reading that many others have had success with the antenna in less than ideal areas, I decided I would give it a try.My house is 2 years old, one story brick with a normal pitched roof consisting of plywood decking and dimensional fiberglass shingles.  It has 10 foot flat and tray ceilings.After hooking up the cables to my surround sound receiver and placing the antenna on the top of the stack of stereo components, I pointed the antenna generally to the south and toward the ceiling at about 45 degrees.  I plugged the SkyFi in and immediately was getting two bars on the signal strength indicator.  I do not have terrestrial repeaters in my area, so I am relying solely on the satellite.  After a few quick adjustments I was getting 3 bars or it bounced between 3 and 2 bars.I was very happy to have it work, and it is not even close to sitting in a south-facing window.  After getting a strong signal and hearing the sample channels loud and clear, I activated the subscription online.  I timed it and it took 12 minutes before the tuner updated and began receiving all channels.  I was pretty impressed it activated that quickly.I generally listen to talk radio in the car along with a few CD's and I absolutely despise FM radio with all of the repetitive commercials and DJ's having meaningless "conversations" with people that call in requests.  I love the concept of satellite radio. I like to hear different types of music depending on the occasion or mood I'm in.  XM is like a jukebox in the house with something new and different on each channel.  I am terrible with song names and groups so I especially like to be able to look up and see the info on the Delphi display.I picked XM over Sirius because I had a chance to hear it in the Avis rental car and I trust Delphi equipment.  Satellite radio IS rocket science, but you don't have to be a rocket scientist to enjoy all it has to offer.  Overall, I am very happy with the SkyFi, the home kit, and the XM service.
XM radio is great!  I feel like I've been living in the dark ages relying on commercial radio.  My 30-45 minute commute had become such a drag with endless channel surfing between NPR (and it's left-leaning politics), talk radio (with its constant commercial breaks), or FM music (same songs played over and over).  XM is so refreshing, and the sound quality is excellent.The Delphi receiver is easy to use, and I appreciate it's larger screen vs. the Commander which I almost purchased.  Also, I like having the option to hook it up to my home stereo, as I prefer XM's music options over those offered by Comcast digital cable.Installation was a snap, and the cassette adapter works fine.  However, for cosmetic reasons I'm going to permanently hook up the receiver using a Blitzsafe adapter.  The adapter is pricey ($99), but I have a new Honda Pilot and don't like having a wire hang from the cassette player.I highly recommend the Delphi SkyFi receiver!
XM is the only way to fly! The Delphi sa10000 and Delphi boomboxhave changed the way I listen to music and to talk radio.I no longer have to listen to the inane commercials and d.j.talk of local radio.Sound quality is great and channel selectionis amazing.The only weakness is the battery life when goingcompletly portable.I've signed up for a five year subscription at a reduced rateof well under $10 a month.Enjoy!
Stick with XM and this tuner.  Sirius has fewer commercials, its true.  But Sirius also has much much worse sound quality.  I have had XM for a year now.  I recently tried Sirius thinking that it would be better for not having as many commercials and more channels.  I found the sound quality of Sirius unacceptable - like a bad set of computer speakers.  You probably wouldn't notice the difference in the average sound system installed in a car (with pleanty of outside noise to mask the sound).  You will definitely notice the difference on your home stereo....
I am 100% satisfied with my purchase of the XM satellite radio service. The variety of different music is staggering, the sound quality is excellent, and it's pretty affordable to boot. Finally, I can listen to &quot;Phil Hendrie&quot; (yay!), then switch over and listen to anyone from Pixies to Bach, Tupac to Nirvana. I can listen to The O'Reiley Factor, then maybe some old radio dramas, then check tomorrow's weather on (what else?) the Weather Channel. I can even listen to &quot;Behind the Music&quot; or the &quot;E! True Hollywood Story&quot; on my way to work. The display is bright and easy-to-read, and the remote is handy (although extremely small), and paying your bill via the website is fast and easy. I have rediscovered radio thanks to XM, and I've even started missing some of my favorite television programs because of it. Maybe I should get a TiVo. Anyway, the XM is much, much better than I could have hoped. Get one!
I have had 2 SKYFis for about 4 months now. My wife and I use them in our cars and in the house connected to the stereo and to the computer speaker sound system. We each have a cradle in our cars and there also a cradle by the stereo system and a cradle by the PC.My wife likes to listen to Jazz. There are seven Jazz channels on XM so she is really happy with her listening choices. I like to listen to many different things all day long. I really like the news channels, CNBC and Bloomberg News for financial info. I like Oldies music which there are 6 channels for the 40s to the 90s, but I found many new types of music that I like also, like the World Zone which is music from around the world.We take a lot of 3 hour trips to vist our daughter. Before having XM we would buy CDs and tapes to play on these trips. Now XM is on during the whole trip and we never loose the signal. The sound, whether it is a talk or music program, is perfectly clear during the whole trip. Now my daughter is getting one for her car so she can enjoy it on trips to visit us.Since getting the XM radio I have not listened to FM at all and only listen to AM about 3 minutes to get a traffic report if the weather is bad.XM is really great.
I can't say enough about this system.  For years, I have been disenchanted with commercial radio and the junk they play.  If I wanted good music, I'd have to shell out a king's ransom for CDs.  I had gotten to the point where I didn't even bother listening to music anymore; I'd just tune in NPR in the car and watch TV at home for entertainment.I was skeptical about paying for satellite radio until I checked out the sample programming at [...]  It took me about a day to realize I couldn't go another day without it.  Now I listen to the radio all the time at home, and I've even hooked up the Home Adapter kit at work and listened through my computer's headphones.  (It took a bit of doing to position the antenna for good reception in my office 'cube farm' inside a steel-and-concrete building, but I got it to work!)  Now I can't wait to get the car adapter so I can take my stations with me on the road.One of my favorite features on the Delphi SKYFi is that you can save Artist/Song Title information while listening if you hear something you really like.  This has allowed me to discover several great new bands since I started listening to XM.  I can confidently pick up new CDs of bands I'd never hear on commercial radio.  It's like having a great college radio station!Another great feature about the Delphi unit is that you take your one subscription with you wherever you go; there's no need to pay for an extra receiver, even though XM offers additional subs at a discount.XM radio has a great fan following.  Check out [...] for a great online community of fans and fanatics.  I learned a lot about antenna placement in poor-reception areas (XM at work!) from reading the message boards.Quit stalling.  Buy it.  I promise you'll love it.
I bought the system for my wife for Christmas because she loves music of all kinds.  I have searched for years to get the best gift for her and my search ended with this.  It has great music no matter what you listen to as well as News and Sports that I can listen to when she is at work or a sleep(the only times she is not listening to it).  It is easy to set up in either house or home and offers digital sattelite quality.  I recommend this for anyone who loves music and is tired of all the talk and BS on the radio.
I purchased this unit from ... last week.The sound quality is excellent, and the signal is great. however if you do live in a mobile home, you will need to mount your antenna OUTSIDE to recieve good signal.There is so much to choose from on XM radio, it will take months to sample each and every channel. This is a good upgrade from the HORRIBLE fm reception that we have been listening to for so long! no complaints! i love XM. do your self a favor and GET XM TODAY!!...BE CAREFUL With the face of this unit, it doesn't take much to scratch it!
I LOVE music.  Every song has a title there are no commercials and I never lose reception.I am going to buy one for both my brothers for christmas!  They had a rebate on mine because they are getting close to 1 million people signed up.  I am still the first peron I know with one!You have to try this out its worth every penny.Check out Sirius too, its not as popular because of the price and fewer music channels but all over their stations are commercial free unlike XM which has 40 without and 60 with (3 mins or less per hour)
Bought this a year ago to replace a unit that quit working.  Once the service was re-started, there have been no issues at all.
Very happy with the unit and arrived very fast ( faster than expected ).  My old unit lasted 9 years and hope this one will beat that record.
I purchased this receiver from Amazon a few weeks ago and subscribed to XM service. Everthing went completely smooth including the vehicle and home install with the optional kits that I purchased. I have had nothing but amazing reception in my vehicle and house with no difficulties. My vehicle antenna is simply in the middle of the roof on my Dodge Ram and gives me 3 bar power about 99% of the time here in Northern California. My home install also went perfect by simply &quot;throwing&quot; the antenna on my roof and doing nothing else, I was able to get 3 bar reception always. This unit is excellent. Has some very nice features like: coming with the remote, large, easy to read display, easy to use manual turn dial, plenty of presets, memory (song) save, and mute on the remote, XM service, multi-line display (more info than the Roady). I have this unit and I also own the Delphi Roady. Both are excellent receivers with varying options and particulars. I would most definitely recommend this unit to anyone. My suggestions: Buy the Delphi SKYFi Carrying Case as the unit can scratch easily. There are some nice features that this unit is missing compared to the Roady and some that it has that the Roady doesn't For instance, this unit comes with the remote (an absolute *must* option on the Roady), this unit's display is capable of listing more channel information at once, this unit has a mute button on the remote, etc. The Roady has its +++'s though. Smaller, more colorful &amp; customizable if that appeals to you, instant &quot;favorite song&quot; find, ten more presets, etc. Think about both. I enjoy both. My wife now has the SKYFi and I am running the Roady. We are both very happy. No complaints.
Being the shopper that I am with pretty much audiophile tastes, I needed a system to plug in next to my treadmill and after looking quite a bit, for $299.00 this system is second to none. When I bought this Saturday and took it home and set it up what appeared to be way better than anything at this price did not disappoint.  Obviously the Yamaha systems at $400-600 were a little smoother on the top end.  In the store this system was a nice punchy system.  At home in a 12' x 14' room it was a killer.  I had to actually pull some treble and bass off the max levels and am extremely pleased with the sound.  While not a mega audiophile critical listening system it does exactly what it is meant to do.  It has a whole lot of sound, cd, cassette  player, and good AM/FM capability.  While obviously you can listen to sweet symphonic music you can also put in a R&amp;B/Jazz/Tower of Power kinda CD and it will give you that &quot;in the chest&quot; good bass sound. It is so much better than anything less than $299 that I listened to.  Don't take my word for it...go to the store and AB it next to the other systems you hear.  The only thing better &quot;slightly&quot; is the higher priced Yamaha.
this player is a wonderful little thing. weighing at 1.2 ounces (i'm not sure if this is with the battery or not) this is truly a player powerful for it's size. It includes a backlight, bookmarks, even a clock/date and stopwatch with laps, this is a remarkable buy for it's price. This also has a Taxi function, so  you can transport files between computers. Another good thing is it's compatibility with PC's and Mac's, unlike many mp3 players that are only compatible with PC's.I only have two bad things to say about it : on some computers, you have to take out the keyboard plug to fit in the direct plug in. Two, sometimes it randomly turns off, but doesn't delete the songs or information, luckily. I hope this helps you make your decision. This is a great buy.
I have been looking for a case for my iPaq 1935 (same size as the 1910 &amp; 1945) for a few days.  This is the ONLY case I found that does everything I want.  You can reach every control and port on the iPaq.  It doesn't cover the IR port or the data port, so you can sync your iPaq with out having to take it out of the case.  All the quick navigation buttons and the power button are accessible.  It has two pockets for SD cards in the cover that I keep my Wi Fi and memory cards in.  The cover is stiff but not too hard, just enough to protect the screen.  The cover is kept closed by a high quality snap.  The only reason you need to take the iPaq out of its case is if you have to softboot, there is no access for the button on the side.  Not a big deal because you normally don't have to do it too often but can be a small annoyance.  I highly recommend this case for anyone with a iPaq 1900 series Pocket PC.
After looking around at the local stores (Fry's and CompUSA) I had just about given up on finding a single case that would offer reasonable protection for my iPod in multiple environments - on my belt and also in exercise, and had resigned myself to having a "skin" type case for just everyday use and then shifting the iPod to an arm band for exercise. Not a particularly great solution - expensive (around $20 for each) and a lot of shifting back and forth to cover both uses.Then I ran into the DLO Action Jacket at Best Buy, which seemed to cover all my intended uses. Unlike the prior reviewer, I found my 40g iPod fits VERY snugly - absolutely zero slop, and I really like not having to worry about keeping up with more than one case. Also, at $29.95, it's cheaper than the two-case approach. The only criticism I have of this jacket is that when you want to convert from belt clip to sport use you have to snake the band through two loops on the backside of the case and over the little plastic belt clip receiver that protrudes from the back of the case. The process is a little tedious, but the end result is great. The unit feels very secure on my arm and it's easy to forget that it's there.This jacket is a winner.
The DLO Action Jacket is a must have for all Ipod owners that workout or are on the go.  The armband is the perfect way to secure your Ipod when you are running or lifting.  I recommend the DLO Action Jacket to everyone.
This is such a necessity!  The compartments are very sturdy and the back is padded so it isn't rough against your waist.  The blinking light feature is also great if you exercise outdoors.
For me personally, this is the best backpack I've ever owned, and couldn't be more perfect. I wouldn't say it's for everyone though. It's great for a laptop, and the interior of both main sections have numerous "elastic and netting"-style pouches to keep small things (like power cables, accessories, media, etc). It doesn't have a ton of room overall. If I have my laptop, power, and assortment of pens, etc, I probably have enough room leftover to fit one or two textbooks and a notebook, not much more. Definitely a great backpack for a student who uses their laptop and not a ton of books, but not a great overnight bag or travel bag for holding more than a day's worth of clothes, or things like that. Works perfect for me though, and couldn't be more comfortable, durable and protective of its contents.
Great upgrade from most factory sound cards! Gives you a choice of analog and digital inputs/outputs. I purchased this device because it is the most portable audio interface that works with Pro Tools (M-Powered) recording software, but have pretty much switched over from my on-board sound card for all of my music pleasure-listening on the road too because it sounds so much clearer! Wish they still made this; grab one while you can!
I've been totally happy with mine which I've been using for about two years.I remember install being easy.Sound is amazing. I've never noticed latency or glitches, and I use it every day.  The only time I've noticed a lost signal is when there is electrical interference with the computer (ie plugging another appliance into same outlet.I mainly use it to play music or movie audio from my laptop to my stereo.  I'm going to get another one for recording in my home studio.I'm not sure what to say about all the negative reviews for this.  There is one that complains about the labelling of the out and in?  Mine has arrows printed above the out and in, so you can not get that?I'm not a big fan of m-audio in general, but I have been pleasantly surprised with this one.  My only gripe is that it could come down in price a bit.
The reason I bought the M-Audio Transit USB was because my samsung nc10 netbook had no S/PDIF output or Toslink output.I don't know if anyone knows this, but the samsung nc10 netbook plays 720p bluray movie backups (mkv or m2ts formats) flawlessly.Just connect the vga out of the samsung nc10 to a 1920x1200 monitor, set resolution to 1920x1200 (my full sized laptop core duo with nvidia 7900 gs cant even do this) and use both the coreavc codec($14, the fastest bluray codec available for win xp) and media player classic (free).Ok so I had smooth HD video but my audio was pathetic...stereo only.  My AVR could use dolby pro logic II to create the 6 channels but it still wasn't good enough.The bluray movie backups I created had DTS tracks and I wanted to hear those DTS tracks...which lead me to the M-audio transit USB (thanks again google :))Installation was easy.  Since my samsung NC10 had no optical drive, I went to M-audio's website, driver and software search page:[...]I just chose USB audio series --> transit USB --> windows xp sp3 (had to check the version by clicking system icon in control panel-->performance and maintenance.downloaded the driver and installed it.  restarted computer. connected my transit USB, chose that windows automatically detects hardware and the rest of the installation completed.  that simple.double clicked the transit USB icon on the taskbar to open the M-audio transit properties window.  Then selected "24 bit" for the sample depth.In my media player classic...clicked on View-->options--> internal filters --> double clicked on the Bold-faced DTS under transform filters and selected "IEEE Float" for the output sample format, ticked "SPDIF for both AC3 and DTS and clicked apply.connected my toslink cable to the M-audio transit and my AVR and voila...Now my home theater is complete.  I heard the DTS audio and its everything I could ask for.  At 24 bit it was amazing...my buttkicker never felt like this before.If you are searching for an SPDIF option to transform your laptop/desktop/netbook into an bluray HD player then the M-audio transit USB is what you're looking for.Pros:- small- toslink output as well as 2 earphone plug SPDIF (for I/O) - will have to try recording but I bought this mainly for playback.- easy installation (by downloading driver online) even without the included CD driver.- can change the input and output levels. Also can adjust gain levels and latency adjustments for delayed audio.- long USB cable included.- 24 bit sample depth is amazing.- price - worth it- includes a toslink to 3.5 mm plug adapter.- no power supply needed...runs off of the power of the USB.Cons:- does not include a toslink cableUPDATE:I restarted the computer and it asked me to reinstall the drivers.  When win xp started The detect hardware appeared again so i went through that part of the installation process and it loaded files again.  This only happened once.When I want to switch from the M-audio transit to the onboard soundcard on my samsung NC10 I first do a shutdown.  disconnect the M-audio transit and turn on the netbook.  If I want to use the M-audio transit again I shutdown first then plug the M-audio transit and turn on the netbook.If someone has tried unplugging or plugging the M-audio transit while win xp is running without any problems please comment if it is safe to do this...I don't want to mess any system files and have a problem with the 2 sound cards.  For now the way I do it, by shutting down win xp first, works with no problems.
I purchased this item in order to connect my home theater Mac Mini (1.66 core duo, 2gb ram, 160gb hd +500gb firewire, 10.5.3) to my harman kardon receiver via optical cable.  Drivers for OSX 10.5.3 are available free on the m-audio site and work flawlessly.  The quality when set on 24bit sampling and using the optical cable is amazing, fully taking advantage of my 5.1 Bose cube speaker setup.Bottom line, don't listen to the old reviews from 4 years ago, OS X compatibility has greatly improved and this item is well worth the money.
The Transit USB helped me achieve the goal of getting digital pastrhough from my powerbook to reciever.  The deivce does a great job of passing DTS and Dolby signals directly through the optical port.  The tricky part is setting up the device, the manual is lacking in many areas.  Also, rather than use the drivers that ship with the device download the newest one from M-audio.  The driver that shipped with mine was over a year old, and did not fully support OS X 10.3.7.  Also the manual fails to mention that the Transit USB device creates it own settings icon under OS X, rather than adjust the device through the "sound" or "audio MIDI" control panels, use the "transit" control panel.  Overall the sound quality has been great, very crisp, no added static and the digital pass through has worked great.  Just don't foget to change the Apple DVD player to "Digital output" from "system sound" to take advantage of the DTS and Dolby signals.  Overall a great device to allow digital audio output from a Mac
I have used the Transit for the past two years with 3 different notebooks (Dell, Gateway, Mac Book Pro) and numerous desktops. Granted, the driver can be a pain to install, and does not work at all in Vista (see below), but once it's working, it has proven stable for my use. I use it solely for audio playback through home stereo systems and also with an ElectroVoice PA system. I have not tried it for recording (I have other M-Audio gear for that). The sound that comes out of this little device is amazing - very dynamic and clear - and similar to other M-Audio cards. I used it at an outdoor party last summer with my EV PA system and received several favorable comments like, that sounds like it's a "live" performance. I like the Transit so much that I am ordering another one. The one caveat I have is that I have not been able to get it to work with Windows Vista (blue screen of death and no audio output on an HP notebook). This driver is still in beta and has been for the past 6 months (come on M-Audio). So, save yourself the headache if you are running Vista. But if you have XP or a Mac, and you want a big upgrade in quality from your internal sound card, I highly reccomend this for playback of MP3s and CDs. Note: it does not drive headphones directly without an external amp.
Everyone who wants digital audio on his Macintosh is best served with this device. I tried a lot of solutions when I wrote an article about audio devices for DVD playback for Macworld Germany, and Transit is definitely the best of them, specially if someone wants to connect his Mac (PowerBook, iMac, everything with USB ports) with an amplifier that has optical digital input. I use transit now for month and so far had never problems on my Flatpanel iMac.
The M-AUDIO Transit USB device is probably one of the best things to ever happen to those still using Minidisc recorders, including myself, while trying to avoid the temptation to purchase the iPod or Zune. With this device, I have been able to access and record from I-Tunes, Windows Media Player, and Real Player. Though I have to record in "real time" as opposed to quickly burning or "dragging and dropping", it is still nice to be able to access more than one particular source for my Minidisc recorder with the Transit USB.I can understand any comments made regarding the occasional "popping sounds" during recording and playback. For me, this did sometimes occur when I was using Windows XP. Since then, I have downloaded the Beta Driver for Windows Vista into my new computer equipped with the Windows Vista software, and none of the mentioned problem has occurred again.I will admit that loading up the software and having the M-Audio device configured into my computers is not so easy as 1-2-3. How I wish it was; in fact, I ended up learning a lot more about a computer's control panel, especially with the audio device and video game controller sections.All in all, this is a great item once you have the initial setup squared away; and again, this one of the best products for those who have Minidisc recorders in specific or recorders of the non-iPod variety in general.
Have used the Transit in place of the built-in laptop soundcard to provide high quality audio for amateur radio digital modes.  Easy plug-'n-play installation.  Using two with desktop computer to interface to multiple radios.  Windows XP works comfortably with multiple Transits.  Completely trouble-free use and performance - a joy after stumbling along with low quality laptop soundcard!
This thing does exactly what it's supposed to do.  I bought it for my new iMac for add'l sound output options.  The problem with a Mac is that it only has one sound output, and when you connect a cable to it you lose the onboard speakers.  So I use the built-in digital audio on the Mac for AC3 passthrough to my stereo receiver (for watching DVDs), then I have this thing connected separately to a set of computer speakers on my desk.  I even connected a stereo splitter so that sound goes to the local speakers AND goes to the stereo input of the receiver so that I can pipe music over zone 2 to some outdoor speakers (that won't work w/just the digital input).  The moral of the story:  it works perfectly and was well worth the $$$.
I purchased it only a few days ago. I tried it out with Audacity on Windows XP. It sounded great. I didn't notice any noise.
I use an Apple Mac Mini as an audio server along with an ABUS whole house audio system, and was having some connectivity problems. I eventually found this little gadget, which I use as both a DAC and a splitter between the Mini, my receiver, and the ABUS hub. Works great.
This is one of the most well executed and designed pieces of equipment I've ever seen. The auto-update feature makes it beyond user friendly. You plug the thing in, and it does all the rest for you. The wheel allows you to scroll through hundreds of songs quickly and neatly. The remote means that the ipod can sit in your backpack and you still control playback. The sound quality is at least as good as the best portable cd player I've ever owned and generally much better. Buy this. You want it. You can even download audiobooks. Not only a little cool.The only complaint I have is actually about ITunes. After downloading songs from cd, I have to restart my computer before I can listen to them - on the computer that is; they still download to ipod just fine. Don't know why, but that's a minor inconvenience amidst a thus unmarred experience.
oh my...i had to buy this for myself for Christmas...besides nobody i know would spend 400 dollars on me, lol....kudos to apple, i'm pretty much a penny pincher, so its a big deal for me to spend that kind of money, especially just for a gussied up walkman....anywho, you wont regret it....it has the power, style, and utility that you desire. period.
It's simply amazing, its storage capacity is wonderfull and it really sounds perfect. The only problem is that it doesn't play fine some albums like live concerts and other kind of continous-playing albums. The problem is that when a song finishes, ther is an empty period of time before the other song starts. I already know that it is an MP3 problem and that period of time is not long; but it is still a bug.
Of the 3 players I've tried, this is the only one that has worked to my satisfaction.  The other two players were both from Creative and were different sized Nomad jukeboxes (30GB and 40GB).  My problems with them were not in the players but rather the software that is used to manage my audio files and sync the player with my home system.  The creative software was just completely useless.  I got frequent failures and crashes.  I tried complete re-installs and wipes to no avail.  This was unfortunate as the two players were significantly cheaper than the iPod (factoring in the extra disk space).  There is just no point having a player that cannot be synchronized.I could rag on the software for hours but there is no point in doing so.  In the 4 weeks that I've been using iTunes I have yet to experience one crash, one lock, etc.  I use WinXP SP1 (2 now).  My one gripe with iTunes is related to ripping music.  iTunes is extremely sensitive to the device being used.  I have a few systems at home and only one rips at a reasonable speed.  The iTunes forum has offered some suggestions but I have not tried these yet.  Since iTunes supports MP3 I use my other solutions for ripping.  Burning a disc from iTunes has not been a problem.You can download iTunes for free and I would suggest you try it before buying an iPod.  I found its interface pretty clean, but it has a decidely Applesque character.I purchased my iPod through a friend at Apple so the cost was not quite as bad as others.  The iPod has performed flawlessly with syncing and playing.  It has some features that the Nomad players don't have but others do (contacts, etc.).  I don't use it for those features so I cannot comment on that part.Acoustically I found all the players to be pretty good.  They all easily drove my Sennheiser HD 580 headphones.  I haven't given the included earset a try yet.I read various complaints about battery life.  I haven't had the chance to use the player on a long plane flight yet.  It works fine at my desk for several hours.  In my car, I use the Belkin cigarette lighter attachment.  This works very well as it has a jack on the side for my Sony CD attachment (which also works very well) and a volume control.  If it only had a remote for advance I'd be in heaven.Not to completely bash Creative, the reason I jumped on the MP3 juekbox bandwagon was my positive experience with a Nomad 128 flash player.  The flash player worked flawlessly, was easy to use, but was too limited in capacity to be practical for long trips.I never tried the Rio Karma or the iRiver HP120.  Support for some of the more esoteric encoding formats is not appealing to me.  The iRiver would have cost me even more than the iPod.  I have no idea what software either of those two use.  I've used Apple products in the past and have found the quality of their software to be very good so my decision was pretty simple.
Okay, yes, it's pretty expensive.  Yes, you DO NOT get a USB cable out of the box.  The battery charge only lasts for about 8 hours and can be expensive to replace.  It scratches easily.  And it doesn't support EVERY format out there.  But the iPod is still the best you can get.  No other product combines design, ergonomics and simplicity like the iPod does.  While the iPod is flat-out gorgeous to look at and hold, it works even better.  The scroll wheel and buttons respond so quickly, the menus flow intuitively and the features and accessories all combine to make listening to music fun and pleasurable again.  The sound is clean, detailed and powerful.  Throw the iPod in with iTunes for Windows, and it becomes a no brainer...no other interface is as seemless, as easy and as powerful.  The suite incorporates ripping, burining, conversion and tagging utilities that are second to none.  The iPod has brought new life to my music collection.  With it, you just want to listen to all your songs and albums all over again.  You rarely get disappointed when you buy the best...and nothing is as good as the iPod.
I've had MP3 players since the first Rio was created, and the Apple iPod 20GB version is the best MP3 player I have ever used. The people at Apple know what they're doing, and the iPod is no exception. Not only is it stylish, but it is extremely easy to use. However, if you don't use Apple's music software iTunes, the iPod is not worth your time. All the features you use on an iPod are also on iTunes, which make syncing the two a piece of cake. iTunes organizes songs by Artist, Album, Track title and number, as well as on a five-star personal rating system. In the past I have had problems syncing MP3 players with my computer, for some reason PCs just can't handle it. Not any longer. The only complaint I have is that the battery does not last longer enough. Other than that, this has been THE best music gadget purchase I have ever made. The only reason I'll ever replace this iPod is to buy another one with a bigger harddrive.
I recently bought the 20GB iPod.  It is truly an amazing product.  It is extremely easy to use and with iTunes, which is free([...] you can load all of your songs on to your iPod effortlessly.  The only draw backs are that if you don't already have a firewire card, it is strongly recommended.  The other drawback is that iTunes does not work with Windows versions 98SE and earlier.  Apart from these minor drawbacks, the iPod is great and I highly recommend it for anyone who thoroughly enjoys music.
Unlike a large chunk of the reviewers for this product, I actually own the 20gb ipod. It is perfect. I will not say how much other players suck, because this is to inform people about the quality of the ipod. Will everybody stop complaining about the price? You know the price and will pay it if you think the product is worth it.  Obviously many people think the ipod is worth the price or else it wouldn't be the #1 selling mp3 player. And what is with people attacking the looks of the ipod and giving it a 1-star review because you don't like the way it looks even when you don't own the ipod? It looks awesome. If you don't like the way it looks, that is your own problem. The ipod is liquid smooth in everything it does. The interface is extremely intuitive. All the controls feel good and are easy to use. The ipod feels good in the hand. The sound quality is extremely good. It has great features. The battery life is not that big of an issue, and the battery can be replaced for as low a $50.  I run windows xp and have had no trouble with syncing and such. And what is with the &quot;The ipod crashed my computer&quot;. Either you didn't know what you were doing, or you are just lying because you want to make a company you hate for no reason look bad. Face the fact: Apple make a great product, and nobody can beat it. It may not have a huge bullet list of features like FM-transmitting, but then again, there is no good mp3 jukebox that does fm-transmitting well anyway. It is a well build product - even the box is quality - much thought was even put into how the ipod is packaged. Because you pay the higher price, you get the higher quality. The iPod is King!
I bought my iPod a couple weeks ago and really love it. Some people complain about the touch controls, but I love them. They don't take any getting used to at all. I'm a Windows XP Pro user, and had no trouble getting anything hooked up or installed. The thing about it not coming with a USB cable... who cares? If you're anything like me you have thousands of these stupid cables laying around already. They're easy to find, and you can find them cheap. I use iTunes, and would recommend that, as it was obviously made for it. It works flawlessly, and so smoothly. I was up and running in five minutes tops, and I had three gigs of music on my hard drive!Pros:*easy to use*easy to learn*sound quality is fine, some complain, but I have no problems with it, and I'm a total music buff. If anything, the bass could use a little work.*I love iTunes!*organization within the iPod is smart and it's pretty customizable*buy it from Apple and have your name engraved on the back, that's too cool!*works great plugged into my home stereo, it sounds just like a CD playing in thereCons:*still worried about battery life, though I use it all day at work (8 hours) and it makes it all the way through. If you're real worried, but the AA battery pack and have it in your bag or whatever for long trips, just as a precaution. But for normal daily use you won't need it.*wish it charged through the USB cable*heavier than they claim (2 CDs), I think it's morethan that, but it's still lightI'm happy with it, and I was worried that I may not be after spending so much money. But I love it,and whe ni dont have it with me i always wish i did. It's a sweet little toy that is one powerful little jukebox!
I had been thinking about buying a MP3 player for a long time but wanted to have MP3 which stores at least 1,000 songs. Now my dream came true. Some people say 256MB MP3 Player (5CDs) is enough but I am the kind of person who want to listen any songs from CD collections in a second - No need to pick only 50-75 songs to install.I bought 20GB because it comes with Dock, Wire Remote and Case. ($100-$115 value) 10GB does not come with above and I believe 20GB is better deal.I had a hard time to figure how to use "Wheel Pad" because I was trying to press UP and DOWN. But now I got it. It's a WHEEL. If you want to go down to the menu selection, you use your finger for clockwise. When I finally figured out, I was amazed how useful this Ipod. Thanks Apple!!
I got my Ipod as a sort of anniversary gift. It is the 5th mp3 player that has been in our home. My husband and daughter each have one for their music but I was trying to find one with lots of memory for my audio books and different magazines that I listen to. First my husband bought me a RIO Nitrus 1.5gb. I returned that and told him I would wait for something better. Then he surprised me with a Napster Samsung for my anniversary. It did not support files from Audible.com and was big and bulky. I exchanged it for my iPod and it is the best decision I ever made. It is very simple to use. I really like the i tunes software also. The 20 gb ipod is the best choice I think because it comes with many things that in my opinion you are going to end up bying at some point. I use my ipod in the car mostly so I looked into an fm transmitted and bought one that gave me nothing but trouble. IT was very difficult to use and sounded horrible. I found on the Apple web site the iTrip fm transmitter and it was the best purchase. Now weather at the gym or in my car or even cooking dinner, ear buds and remote or iTrip, I have it all. It is well worth the mony paid for it. When this one dies I will definately get another.
i got my ipod today for christmas from my mommy and daddy. i'd been reading about them for months, and at first i was a little scared because i don't have an apple computer, but i convinced myself it would work, and then put it on my christmas list. and i'm dang glad i did. the ipod is amazing, especially with itunes. while i waited for christmas day i &quot;wripped&quot; cd's to itunes, and when i plugged in my ipod and installed the software, it took FIVE MINUTES to upload the 163 songs from itunes to the ipod. i'm listening to it now. it's so ... wonderful. the sound is great too. plus the ipod is beautiful. i suggest getting the &quot;iskins&quot; cover, it's great too. anyways, the ipod is worth EVERY CENT!
Two days ago after I returned my old kind of iPod to CompUSA, I got the new 20GB iPod.  It's thinner and lightweight than the old kind.  The 4 buttons (play/pause, menu, previous, next) can glow in the dark with the backlight on.  But the batteries only lasts 8 hours.  After I got the new 20GB iPod, I went home and unpacked it.  I installed the iPod software and when I connected my iPod to my computer, all the songs in the iTunes is put in my iPod.  This I browse the artist by boy/girl, that means I will have 2 groups of artists.  This will be my way of grouping the artists.  On my old iPod, I browse by the artists by highlighting Browse and select Artist on the browse menu.  The dock is really nice, and I will buy the double-sided tape to mount the dock on the table.  The new functions on the iPod is the alarm clock, view your notes, and play the music quiz game on the iPod.  I don't use the alarm clock often on my iPod is because I use my cell phone as a alarm clock.  When I listen to a song, I could see the lyrics while listening to the current music, because this iPod can store notes on it.
This is by far the absolute best MP3 player on the market today...no comparison. I purchased a 5GB several months after they first came out and have since bought a new 15GB. I've read many of the reviews on this site as well as others and am dumbfounded as to the things other users complain about. First off, do your research and don't complain that the iPod doesn't come with a USB 2.0 cord. You should have know that before you made your purchase. It's concerning that people will spend $300-$400 without properly researching the product. Also, to the users who say the iPod should have PDA functionality, such as color/touch screen, wireless capability, etc, think about what you are buying. You're buying an MP3 player, not a PDA,. Get over it and stop complaining. One point that is well made it that MusicMatch does have it's problems when used with the iPod. However, the iPod was designed to work with the Mac. Apple does offers iTunes for free to PC users and since this is Apple's own software it seems to reason it works better with Apple hardware. This to me is intuitive, so why are other people so misinformed.Simply put, this is an extraordinary piece of equipment. Apple is the innovative leader and will remain so in the future, I hope. Otherwise we would be left using inferior PC hardware that would function on Microsoft software, which is pathetic. THANKS APPLE.
Some of these sellers are nuts.  The 20Gb iPod is now $299 brand new from Apple, and they have loads.  DO NOT pay any more than that!  Sheesh.
This is a music aficionado's best friend. For all those people who are sick of carrying hundreds of their favorite CDs on the go can now rest easy, thanks to the Ipod. I bought the 20 GB and I can literally store thousands of my songs from my plethora of music collection. The size makes it very practical to carry around, whether for exercising purposes or just a way to enjoy even more that momentous morning trip to your wonderful job.However, the only problem I have with the Ipod is its battery life. I don't know about the other Ipods but mine only seems to have a battery lifespan of 4-5 hours tops. I wish it was a little longer than that but you can't really have everything perfect. Do not, however, let this miniscule imperfection deter you from purchasing this magnificent item. So start saving those annoying pocket changes. Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
Apple has done it again! Every product they have is wonderfully designed and crafted. I just got my new iPod and it is amazing. The sound quality is fabulous and the iPod seems to be able to play music at a much higher volume level which is excellent. Here are some of the major pros and cons:Pros:1. Large music capacity2. Great sound quality3. Sleek, stylish look4. On-The-Go playlists5. Battery Life6. Easy click wheel7. Light weight and small designCons:1. A bit pricey - but its worth it2. Battery is not user-replaceable3. It can be diffucult transferring calendar files to iPodWell, I hope that I helped out in your search for an iPod. In the end I say that u should BUY THE iPOD! It is a wonderful gift idea for your child or just even for yourself. It is also a great ideda for a stocking-stuffer. Good luck!
Several people have griped about Apple's not replacing batteries on the iPod.They now offer a battery replacement service for $100.  3rd parties online sell iPod batteries for around $50.  I'd assume that you're going to have to pay for this after one to five years of use, depending on how much you use the unit.The iPod is technology done the Apple way; immaculate design, slightly pricey, and poor software support from anyone besides Apple.  Since you don't need much external software, I'd say buy it.I'd also say to go with the 20 gig over the 10.  Whether you actually need 40 mobile gigs of music is up to you...
I have had my ipod for just over a year and am still loveing it, I bought in Archos before and that was a piece of crap so i got an ipod.  Works great so much space, jsut a great mp3 player.  If you want an mp3 player that will really work, spend the extra $$ amd get an ipod!!
If you're on the fence trying to decide whether spending $300 on an ipod is really worth it, I must urge you that it truly is. After pondering day after day about putting down the $$ myself, I decided to go ahead and purchase Apple's premier product. After using the ipod for several months, I've come to appreciate the great extent of the memory as well as its convienently easy-to-use structure. Being a student currently enrolled in summer classes at college, the recording option on the ipod has also been a helpful addition to the multi-purpose music machine. I can go on and on about the other purposes the ipod can serve, but you've probably already read them in the product description. All in all, my advice for those who are unsure that the ipod is worth the $$, is that you will not be dissatisfied with the product.
Apple's iPod is the best thing since sliced bread.  No longer will you have to carry 30 CDs with you in the car or on vacation.  All your CDs (and plenty more) will fit comfortably on an iPod.  Not only does it hold thousands of songs, but it also stores your contacts, calendars (Mac only), and notes for easy viewing.  It also has a few games--such as solitare--to keep you entertained on the road.  This truly one-of-a-kind companion will go with you every time you leave the house, and every time you don't leave it.With Belkin's new accesories, you can import photos from your digital camara via memory cards.  No more running out of picture space, or lugging that laptop around on photo-worthy trips.  The new microphone accessory blends in nicely on the top of your iPod, and allows you to record personal notes, and doubles as a mini-speaker.iTunes is now available for Windows, making purchasing music for your 'Pod and syncing easier than ever.  If you feel the need to suffer buyer's remorse, this is not the product for you.  It will change the way you listen to music, and that is a fact.  So what are you waiting for?  Buy an iPod and your ears will thank you later.
I bought the 15Gb iPod in summer with $385 (which is equivalent to the 20Gb iPod now).Pros:(i)Synchronizing. Songs transfering in the first time might take longer time, but after that synchronizing is amazingly fast (only with iTunes; MusicMatch is pretty slow compared to iTunes). Songs are screened through and only modified songs are synchronized. take bout 2 seconds per song)(ii)Useful Playlist. With iPod and iTunes, u can create a wide range of playlists (songs that u rated 5 stars, songs that u never played before, songs that u've recently played, christmas songs..etc)(iii)Easy navigation. User interface is easy to use. iPod has cascading menus that provide easy navigation. In addition, the touch-sensitive buttons are really 'cool' to use.(iv)Small. Really small and light. and it's really good looking (See others and u will realize :)(v)Songs organization. iTunes organizes my songs pretty well according to artist and albums. I only have to name then once in iTunes and iTunes does it all (creating folders for artists/albums, arranging the songs, deleting them when I delete them in iTunes)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:(i) Battery life. One of the reason i chose iPod was it can last for 8 hrs (which is the longest in last summer). However, recently more mp3 players could provide up to 16hrs.(ii) File transfering (using iPod as hard drive) is not convenient for Windows user. iCalendar, iNotes function can only be used with Macs.(iii) No recording & radio. Well, most mp3 players today has built in mic for recording and Radio functionality.(iv) The ear buds provided has pretty good quality but not excellent. Hardly heard low range notes when commute. Would prefer headphones.(v) Couldnt play WMA files (but, do u care?)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I would still give 5 stars because this is what I want for a mp3 player : Small, Stylish with large capacity. Personally, I don't think I would need recording, radio, WMA.. functionality for my mp3 player. Several other mp3 players like Creative Zen NX is pretty good too (from what I heard), with larger capacity and better price, but if u have the money, go for iPod, u'll definitely LOVE it!P/S:(i) Don't buy the 10Gb iPod, as it comes without remote, leather case, docking, and docking cover. These things costs about $100 so go for either 20Gb or 40Gb if possible(ii) Apple.com has FREE laser engraving recently, which costs $19 previously and it's not available at amazon.com
The iPod music player is the best product out there.  It is easy to use for music, a spare disk drive, a clock, a voice recorder, it has several games on it, and a day planner.  It is munu driven and you can reorganize the menu's for your own taste.  You can shuffle the songs by album or single song.  It's software can be upgraded from your computer when they come out with a new music format.  It also has a switch to disable the buttons on it so they aren't accidentally bumped in your pocket.  They thought of everything.I have an iPod 2.0 and have put all my favorite songs on it and just let it randomly pick what songs to play.  It came with a utility to create and manage playlists as well.  I am using it on a PC and using the latest iTunes.  I like iTunes better than Microsofts Media Player.Now the buts.  I have a firewire connector on my PC but many don't.  If you want to use the much slower USB interface you need to buy another cable.  My suggestion is by yourself a firewire card instead because it downloads 10 times faster at about the same price.The next thing you will run into is that the manual is far from complete.  You may have to buy one of the many iPod books on the market or spend a lot of trial and error time.The third but is accessories.  You would think that for the price it would come with everything you need but it doesn't.  The earbuds give you great sound but to take full advantage of the iPod you need speakers.  By the way if you don't like the earbuds the jack will work just fine for headphones.  There are several ways to get speakers.  The easiest way I found is the Belkin Cassette adapter.  It looks like a cassette and works in every cassette player I've tried with good sound including the front loads, side loads in cars and the doors on cassette recorders.  There are other brands out there and I've read that they don't work as well.  I've also read about problems with the FM transmitters.  I haven't personally used any.  Altec Lansing makes inMotion Portable iPod Speakers with great sound. The speakers are small and have a battery powered amplifier inside.  They were spacifically designed for the iPod, but the speakers are expensive.Power is another consideration.  If you use firewire and the base that come with your iPod it will keep it charged for you.  You can also plug the supplied firewire cable into the bottom of the iPod and the other end into a supplied wall plug adapter to fully charge it in about 4 hours.  They also make a series of attacments, optional, to the wall plug adapter so you can charge it any where in the world.  They also make a plug for a car cigarette lighter to charge your ipod and also power your cassette or FM transmitter to give them better sound.The iPod is well designed and with an optional memory reader store pictures from your digital camera memory while you are on vacation.  My iPod has 20 GB of memory so with 1000 songs, about 2 days without repeating it will still have plenty of room for other things like audio books, pictures or whatever else I may want to save on it.  It is great on long car or plane rides.It's expensive but could very well replace your CD player, your palm pilot, and your radio.
First of all, I've NEVER had a problem with my iPod.  I bought the 15GB model right when it came out this summer (2003) and it's been nothing less than perfect.Before I had my iPod I would always fumble with lousy portable cd players which were bulky and cumbersome, with substandard remotes.  And I would also be forced to tote around a cd case with 20+ cds.  Now that I have my iPod though....I can walk around with over a hundred cds worth of music in the front pocket of my jeans, the remote is actually useful, and I also connect it to my home stereo (way more convenient that browsing through jewel cases to find what i'm looking for).  Critics of the iPod will whine about the price and this and that.  Lemme tell you, it's worth it the money.  ... Apple is clearly committed to the iPod, they continue to release firmware updates for the iPod which enhance it's functionality.  Lastly, there's no reason to complain about MusicMatch and iTunes, you don't have to use them.  Download "EphPod" (PC only) for free, it does everything you could want, and it's easier to use than anything else I've tried.
I chose the 20 gig model because the ipod mini is just too small ( for my collection and my hands). Although the price is on the the steep side for my budget I went for the 20 over the 15 simply because the extra space and accessories seemed worth it. This is my first Hard Drive player and after looking around for a year I decided that style means a lot if you have to carry something around all the time..so Apple was the only choice.I am famous for post purchase guilt but this thing was worth every penny. The box it comes in is beautiful and the ipod itself really is something to behold. It is much smaller than you might think from all the pictures and it feels solid. And the looks....well small wonder it is included in the Architectural Digest list of great designs.The interface is really simple..it took maybe 5 minutes to get the hang of it. I have 1400 songs on it ( most in AAC format) and it has tons of room left. It sounds great but if you are just starting to build an iTunes collection  I would recommend ripping all your songs in AAC since when I play an AAC song next to an MP3 song the quality difference is noticeable ( this is the format's fault ..not the ipods). I was also happy that this sucker can crank out quite a respectable volume level which surprised me too.If you have been thinking of getting a player don't worry too much about the money... the  joy you will get out of an iPod make it worth the cost. If you are trying to choose between the 15gig and the 20gig ..the carrying case, dock and remote control that come with  the 20gig make the $100 price difference meaningless ( you will end up buying them separately anyhow..trust me).
Love, love, love it.  I'd been thinking about ordering one for several months, but some of the reviews talking about FireWires and difficulty working with a pc made me hesitate.  I'm on the downhill side of 50 and technically challenged.  But I've had zero problems, and within minutes of taking the iPod out of the box this granny was boppin' to the oldies.  I downloaded music from iTunes and copied my CDs.My pc had IEEE 1394 port (didn't know that was a FireWire), so I didn't need any extra cables.  I simply loaded the software, plugged-in the iPod dock and was ready to go.  The only negative thing I can say is that I wished that the Quick Start manual had been a little more detailed on the buttons and scroll circle.  It took me a couple of minutes to figure out that I needed to run my finger around the scroll dial since I had never actually seen an iPod work.  Like I said, I'm technically challenged.  Even so, I figured it out without too much frustration.The sound is great.  The software is easy to use.  I'm very pleased with this purchase.
It took a lot of research and time until I decided I should buy an iPod.  I (and my parents) were getting a bit tired of me leaving my CDs around and I was always to lazy to clean them up so they got scratched or went missing around the house.  That and also having a lot of songs led me to want an MP3 player.  Not just any old MP3 player though, a really good quality one.  One that would work when I needed it to, one that had enough storage space, had a nice interface, wasn't way to expensive, and one that was portable.  It took me a while I until I came to the iPod.  It had everything I wanted in an MP3 player except it was a bit expensive and I wasn't really sure it would work flawlessly with my Windows PC.After a load of reading up on different players like the Dell Jukebox and the Karma and the Zen, I really thought I'd like to get the iPod.  I also went to the Apple Store to try it out.I spent the (money) on the 20 gig iPod because it came with accesories I would need if I got one and the low end model, the 15 gig one didn't come with it.  In the end it would have been more expensive if I got the 15 gig one with the accesories.  Also keep in mind you need to buy the ... USB2 cable if you do not have firewire.  You can charge your iPod while or not while you load songs to it via the AC adapter cord.  The other cord is the USB2 plug.I took the iPod home with me, got iTunes for windows, ripped my songs to my hard drive, and was ready for anything.  After installing the software the iPod came with, I plugged it in and iTunes loaded up and all 272 of my songs went to the iPod in no time.  I also then charged it up to the max and listened to it while I was charging it.  At first it sounded a bit scratchy and stuff and then I took it off the dock and it was fine.  Then I put it back on the dock and it was fine too.  Hasn't done that since.  The songs load in no time, the sound quality is amazing, and the interface is perfect.  The unit itself is sexy!So yes, the one gripe I bet you have is the price tag.  Yeah, I will admit (the price) for 20 gigs is a bit steep compared to the competition but there are advantages.  First, the interface of the iPod itself.  It is clean and organized and so easy to use its not even funny.  The first time I used an iPod was in the Apple Store last summer and I picked it up and in seconds I knew how to get to everything with relative ease.  The buttons are touch sensitive and you don't press anything.  It's almost like magic and it's amazingly sleek.  You won't find many products that make you go wow when all you do is press some buttons.  The backlight is also useful and none of the other MP3 players really have the look of the iPod and the feel that make it so easy and great to use.  The iPod is also obviously made by Apple and I haven't used or seen any Apple products that have problems and aren't good.  The thing works flawlessly with iTunes for Windows and I have had it since Novemeber and it works perfectly.  Apple makes quality products and you can tell they made an effort with the iPod.Buying an MP3 might be the last and only portable unit you will need for your music, so why not spend a bit extra to get an easy to use, sexy, and 100% quality product by getting the iPod?
When the Ipod 1st came out, I bought my wife the original 5gig Ipod. This christmas I bought this Ipod and started using her old one. She loves her new 20gig. She plugged it into her computer, Itunes started and her music downloaded. On to a great music experience. No fuss/ No problemsI wanted the old one for the most part for contact and calendar features. But, the quality of even the original Ipod is so great that I find myself listening to it everywhere I go. My original battery is still going strong. If you have a Mac, don't buy anything else. I you have a PC, download Itunes and don't buy anything else.
Ipod is definatly better than CDs, I love it! I downloaded allmy favorite songs on the Itunes music store and on my cds and then downloaded them to the Ipod. I like it because it never skips, I can walk around with it everywhere. I take it everywhereand is fun to take everywhere. I own it and keep it in my roomand play it sometimes when I want more music. I am gonna try itfor the car sometime to see how it works in the car, especiallywhen I'm on the road. It is definatly so much better than CDs.I've downloaded more than 150 songs on Itunes on my computer.Great item.
I dun understand how anyone would have problems getting your ipod to work with the PC. I have Windows 2000 professional and it works with it fine.  It just seems that there are a lot of haters out there.  They hate on how the ipod is not meant for the PC, and the other features that other mp3 players have. First of all why would you want a FM player on your mp3 player when the point of having a mp3 player is to have the music you want to listen to on it and not having to deal with the long commercial breaks, annoying DJs, and whack-a** songs you don't even want to listen to. To point out that the ipod is lacking an FM player is just a weak argument.  Obviously, Apple knows that this feature is pretty pointless, when you can store thousands of your favorite songs on your mp3 player.I recommend to those who have PCs to invest in a firewire card, because the transfer is speed is just awesome.
Like to start by saying, I am a PC fan, been that way for the past 10 or so years. But this has changed my mind about apple products. I have the 15 GB, and got this 20 GB for my wife. The 15 GB is a little slimmer. Everything else is the same. So what ever I say in here goes for both. I can't pack my 15 GB yet, and I have alot of music in it. I haven't tried anything else in the mp3 players, but really I don't think I will ever do. The software with it needs a little more work. There are alot of softwares out there for it, and better than the original one. As for the car. I tried the radio transmitters (transmiting to radio channels 88.3, 5, and 7). Bought two, and they both are just as bad. I invested into a modulator, and believe me, it is sooooooo much better. All in all, can't see me listen to music anyother way from now on. A friend of mine had an mp3 player in his car, but can he take his with him to the house, jogging, traveling..... NO, plus he still changes CD in the car (cause he can't fit all'of his music in one CD) :(
Well I purchased my ipod a few days ago. Since the 4th generation just came out I was able to get a fantastic deal on a stylish 20 gb ipod. When I opened the box I was suprised. It came with a remote which sells for 30.00, It came with a spiffy case which sells for 40.00 and a dock which is going for 40.00 these days. Apple does overprice their accesories and also the same goes for the ipod. But now the 3rd generation of ipods is getting cheaper. The battery life has been the same with all other ipod users which is bad. It also holds 5000 songs &quot; apple rates that number by a 128 bitrate with each song lasting roughly 4 minutes&quot;. The ipod also doubles as a hard drive. Ok so I do recommend the 20 gb ipod. Dont listin to the people who are saying it sucks and its garbage. They are just saying that because they cant afford it. But now they can.
Compare the iPod to any other portable mp3 player in its class (meaning the price and storage capacity). The iPod beats them all in the areas of:1 Durability (hard drive harder to ruin than on other players)2 Ease-of-use (intuitive interface)3 Aesthetic appeal4 Highest quality audio output (great equalizers)5 High Quality backlight6 Useful palm-like organizer (but could be better)7 Built-in compatibility with iTunes, audible.com, and other audio servicesUnfortunately, the battery life could be better. I also have a complaint about the syncability of the iPod with multiple computers. The ease-of-use is also a downside, as the iPod does so much for you, if you do something unexpected, like sync with two computers, the results can tend to be unpredictable.Nevertheless, the quality of the sound (it seems like you can get a louder output on the iPod than other players, which may contribute to the shorter, but acceptable, battery life) is better than other players. The size and ergonomics are the best. The price is a little higher, but justifiable considering the benefits.Finally, my recommendation is to understand the player's downfalls before you purchase. Realize that this is a hard drive and even though it is better at standing up to a beating than others do not shake it vigorously, throw it, drop it, or put it in water. Just like any piece of electronics, especially those with precisely moving parts, it will break. I do not normally advocate buying a warranty, but in this case BUY THE LONGEST WARRANTY YOU CAN. If you use your iPod or any other similar player, the chances of you dropping it or it breaking from normal wear-and-tear are high. The warranty will be cheaper than replacing the unit. With all of those warnings etched upon your mind, go ahead and make the purchase. It will drastically increase the personal value of your music collection by making it more useful than ever to you. You will not regret this purchase.
Easy to use interface.  Great sound (better than my old portable cd player).  I can carry around an enormous amount of music with me in a small device - this has made it a life changer for me.  Good battery life (I get 8-10 hours from mine) and it charges quickly.PC owners should know a couple of things about the iPod.First, although you can connect to your PC via USB 2.0, the iPod doesn't charge when connected this way.  If you hook up via firewire, it does charge the iPod.  This was a good enough reason for me to add a cheap firewire card to my computer.Secondly, forget the MusicMatch software that the iPod ships with.  Go to the apple website and download iTunes instead.  It's slick and easy to use, and is great for more than the iPod (making playlists to play from your computer, burning mix cd's, ripping cd's, moving between different audio formats).
This is a great product. Very tiny (and there's a smaller version in the iPod mini)It's a bit pricey but for its quality it is worth it.If you want information on how to get a free iPod e-mail umwolvs99@cs.com.This is a very solid product, though. Definitely the best on the market.
I just git this 20GB one, and enjoy so much.
Since everyone is making such a fuss, the new 4th Generation iPod are available on Amazon. The iPods featured on the current page are the older 3rd Generation.(...)
I recently bought this mps player and it is perfect. It will update all your songs so fast. You dont need firewire but it will help. It is good with usb but it is a little slower, thats why you should get firewire. Some bad things about this is it doesnt support wma, it will scratch easily so make sure you buy a case for it. If you have scratches though you can buy a kit that removes them at [...]
First of all, have you seen the iPud? if you're into the plastic Fisher Price baby look, go ahead.---------sorry, white doesn't mean fisher price.  In fact, the plastic on the ipod has a better chance of belonging in the museum of modern art. Not that cheap plastic crap found in most winbloze mp3's.Napster is light years ahead iTunes. For starters, Itunes allows only 30 second clips to be heard instead of the whole song like Napster before buying.------------------If you need more than 30 seconds to figure out a song, then that's no fault to iTunes.  And you said for starters.....most of the time, when someone say for starters, there should be a list of things following it.  which means, this is best you have to offer.  pathetic.The last reviewer suggests that pocket pool is possible with the iPud as &quot;with the apple scroll wheel, you can control the iPod without even looking at it (from inside your pant pocket).&quot;-----------------------A typical ploy with winbloze users.  Can't fault the product, so you try to add levity or sarcasm.  Sorry buddy, play your own pocket pool.Wow! What a feature. I'll take the Samsung Napster additional recording features (cassettes, FM radio, voice, vinyl etc) and FM radio and transmitter instead------------------------What good is all the features, when it doesn't last but a couple months.  Come on dude.....samsung?  It's not like we're talking about sony or something.  We're talking about S-A-M-S-U-N-G.  Sure, the Hyundai has wheels, an engine, windshields, and an antenna, but does it necessarily compare to a Mercedes???  By now everybody knows that apple stuff is the &quot;mercedes&quot; of the computing market.  It costs more because its worth more.The gushing iPud reviewer also asks &quot;plus, tell me what other mp3 player has over 50 after market items for it.&quot;Of course there are many aftermarket items for the iPud, they are needed to add functionality to the ipud, features that come pre loaded with the Napster Samsung player. Spending more to enhance an iPud may be a hobby for Apple geeks but I'dprefer to buy the product and use it and not have to worry about the pants pocket navigator or other add on items.---------------------You know the saying....&quot;jack of all trades, master of none&quot;.  Better to do one thing, and do it great, than try to be all things to all people, and SUCK at it.  Napster falls in that category.  But you don't have to take my word for it.  Even trying to dump this cheap player on the market with napster's service, they still sold 1/5th the amount of songs as iTunes did on Napster's opening weekend.  What a let down!  If I was in business, and this is all I could muster, I'd file bankruptcy!There is no comparison. The Mac people are smoking cr@ck!!!! They are willing to make religion out of spending $400 for an mp3 player that requires additional purchase to make the thing work the way they want.-------------------Let's just say we're more about style and quality over a low price point.  Not everything is about price tag.  If I'd a wanted a Hyundai, I would have gotten one.  I for one, would rather have top of the line.  $400 is cheap for years of carefree operation.Apple doesn't design crap.  If the world would just wise up to apple and their products, we wouldn't have a huge customer service and IT Department budget......none needed.  It just works.  So just go home to your mom, and ask her to give you an advance on your allowance, buy the ipod already, and let the rest of us who &quot;gets it&quot; alone!You can buy the Napster Samsung player and be better off, the Gateway 20GB player for $100 less too.---------------------You must work for napster.  Any one that just looked at the napster player has got to be kidding!  It looks like a cheapknock off of the prior generation compaq ipaq pda with a straw poking out the top of it.  And Gateway?  Heck, I'd buy you a 20gb ipod myself if Gateway even makes it another year!!!!  If their plasma tv doesn't start taking off, they're gone.  Their PC wares sure ain't makin' it.Please give it a rest!
In a former life, I must have been a guy, 'cause I definitely have a thing for gadgets.  That said, I was almost pathologically reluctant to jump on the new Audio Technology Bandwagon.  WalkThingies were about as high tech as I got when it came to music (and it even took me several years to warm to those) ... give me simplicity and some non-corded geographic space between me and music, and I'm happy.I achieved critical mass in the persuasion department when several deeply trusted (and tolerantly amused) friends suggested I make the transition via the iPod.  I caved and haven't looked back since.Lots of these reviews can explain the pros and cons of the iPod far better than I.  Heed the sensible-sounding ones for the details if those matter to you.  In my year of experience with the device, I have nary a complaint.  Rather, my affection grows, and I begin to understand those folks who speak of iPod love and inseparable bonding.What I can offer is this (and I can't explain it rationally):  between my iPod and the brilliant Altec-Lansing InMotion Sound System, I now have recreated, and can transport (virtually in the palm of my hand), the best approximation I've had yet to the feeling I got decades ago from vinyl and a record player.  With the added bonus that I have access not only to a full library of music, but also a library of books (the iPod plays Audible.com's proprietary .aa format).  If you are looking for that sort of relatively seamless transition into the higher-tech audio age - the sort CDs and older mp3 devices never quite satisfied - I truly believe the iPod offers a happy solution.I do miss liner notes, the space-occupying visual affirmation of having "a collection" and the tactile experience of record/disc covers.  Give a little, get a little.  I cope.One gadgety note:  a year ago when I got my 20-gig iPod (way more than sufficient for my needs as I'm quite willing to swap stuff in and out occasionally rather than look to the device as permanent storage), the product came with a USB cable.  As I understand it these days, the newer versions come with only a FireWire cable.  If your computer doesn't have a FireWire connection, you will need to purchase the USB cable separately.  Just check the package label or specifications list to make sure.
I checked out many mp3 players before buying this one.  I bought the jukebox zen, before i knew about the new generation of the ipod.  The zen was okay, the battery life was less than i expected so don't buy that one.  I gave away my zen as a birthday present for my 12-year old brother and decided to buy the ipod. If you read the rest of the reviews most of them say that the sofware is not good for pc, but if you have any trouble with that you can download the free sofware, ephpod.  the ipod is smalled sized has a great capacity and sound quality, totally worth the money.  The dock comes in handy specially when you are recharging via usb because you prevent the ipod from falling and breaking into pieces.  I recomend keeping the ipod always inside a protective case because the white part and the screen scratch a lot.  The hold button is one of the most used buttons because they are so sensitive that with the minimun touch the ipod will turn on or change current state.  The backlight is amazing.  The calendar is very useful specially if you are in college and need to organize your time with all the study.  I personally download the lyrics of my favorite songs and sync them to the ipod.  If you listen to music often I recomend buying the ipod with the adecuate capacity for you:40gb, 10.000 songs, 20gb 5000 songs and so on.  But if you ocassionally do so, buy a cheaper mp3 player.  READ THE MANUALS, to learn how to use musicmatch. listed below are the pros and cons of the ipod.PROS: good sound quality, nice presentation, small, light wieghted, can be used as a portable hard drive, speed in transfer is amazing, good accesories, includes cool games, big capacity.CONS: scratches easily, does not include usb cable, too sensitive touch buttons, not adecuate carrying case.
The Ipod is kinda pricey, but worth every penny.  Great size.  Sharp looking.  Well designed and made.  Opted for the 20G as I have a fairly large music collection.  Hardly used any space even after having loaded a few hundred songs.  I use a pair of well regarded, inexpensive Panasonic headphones thus sound quality is excellent.  Ability to load and organize music is simply wonderful and quite fast via USB connection.  The touch wheel is the best feature.  While waiting for a case to arrive, I've covered the back with 3M paint tape to avoid scratches.  Watch out if you're going to use a USB 2.0 interface.  One card and driver kept causing the PC to crash when attempting to load music.  Belkin USB card and driver work great.  No crashes or problems.  I agree battery life not great, but acceptable.  One complaint I do have is the price gouching for Ipod accessories like auto charger cord, dock, cables, etc.  I'm in heaven.  No longer bored at work nor forced to talk to others.  I can simply enjoy my tunes now as I work.
I've been reading reviews from both Windows and Mac users. I decided after much research and soul searching that the only way to really find out is to give this thing a try. Granted $400 bucks is a lot of money to listen to music but wait!!!!!!!I just recieved my 20GB Pod. First thing I did was carefully unpack the thing so if I had to send it back I could do so with ease. I don't think so. This thing comes packaged as good as anything I've ever seen. As I removed the many parts I could feel the quality of this product was good if not better than anything I've ever seen. I love quality. That's my thing. First being a PC user I read the book and charged the Pod for about 4 hours as stated. Than I loaded the software. Then I held my breath as I connected and configured the POD. Still waiting for somthing bad to happen, the music I had stored at I-Tunes began to download to my new POD. So far so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I attached a set of Bose headphones to the POD and could not believe my ears. This thing sounds magnificent. It has the coolest controls and just feels good in your hand. QUALITY!!!!!If your budget permits, buy this thing and enjoy. I've had several other MP3 players and this baby is light years ahead of all of them. Just read the book, follow the instructions and you will be amazed. QUALITY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My husband got me an iPod for Mother's Day.  I was ok with the idea - but not that excited.  I can't imagine life without it now!  I listen to it in the car, at work, when I work out -- and any other time I need a little relaxation.  I can keep my music with me everywhere - wonderful.
I'm 16 and in High School. I love my I-POD! I'm using Windows and it works great! Sure it has it's fualts but once you get it up and running it's amazing! I have the Brand new one with the touch sensitive buttons and they can get annoying but all I have to do is put the hold button on and lay back and use my remote to surf through my songs! You can also put the hold button on your remote too! It's true that you have to get a extra cable! BUY it when your there! You bought the I-POD not the cable! It has a light blue back light that you can ajust so that it will go off in a matter of seconds or always stay on or always off. It has games like Brick, Parachute and solitare! and you can play them while you listen to your music! The song dosn't shut off when you click out of the window where it's playing in! It does have a pause button. Once you download your songs off of Kazaa or your cds the transfere takes miliseconds! When you go in to your songs it sorts it be the songs alphibedicaly or by the artist or by the album! It's great if you just want to just listen to a album and the songs that you downloaded on that album are listed and you don't have to worry about all the other songs mixing in with it! When the songs is playing the tital , if it's too big for the screen, it will rotate so you can see it! It also shows the artist and album! It is delicate so if i where you I wouldn't go running with it cuz it's not built for high impact. It might also get dirty. It is a great MP3 player and you don't just hear the music you FEEL it! If you don't like the headphones it comes with you can hook in some others that are more comfortable! It fits all headphones! ENJOY IT!  go here too [...]It's a great site! ENJOY THEM SONGS! MUAH!
This product is awesome, I just got mine for cheap, if you are intrested in a $10.00 gift certificate good for amazon.com just message me, pikachen@walla.com ask me about it and in return i will also tell you more about the ipod, ipod minis are good too but this bad boy holds lots of music, perfect to go with iTunes.
Wow, this mp3 player is amazing.  We all know the design is sleek and beautiful.  What many people fail to mention, it seems, is the sound quality.  It's amazing!  the sound is so crisp.The Apple company itself is great to their customers.  I got my Ipod in 2 days.  It shipped from China, all the way to Colorado in that time!If you have a Mac, its amazingly easy to get started.  Its so easy to transfer songs onto the Ipod, etc.I have not tried it w/ a PC yet and I am a PC user;  it's just that my friends have Macs, so I take the opportunity.Now, the battery life, 8 hours.  People complain about that, but do you honestly need more?  Just remember....when you get your Ipod, use what battery life is contained with it until you have none, and THEN recharge it.  Its a lithium ion battery, meaning it has memory...so you'll waste the battery if you charge it before it has no juice left.
One note of caution for Windows users:The iPod does not support WMA format.  If you've been recording all your CD's to your computer using Windows Media Player, it defaults to WMA format so you'll have to convert your library.  Call it a dirty Microsoft trick, but it's worth knowing.If you're just getting into the scene then no worries: you can still use Windows Media Player to record your CD's, just go into the options and tell it to record using MP3 format and then you can use that on the iPod.I think the internal hard-drive competition right now is between the Rio Karma and the Apple iPod.  The Karma is smaller (better for a pocket), has a longer battery life and supports WMA format, the iPod is made to be iTunes friendly and just plain looks better (though the Karma's docking station is way cooler).Both are great players, though I think Windows users may want to lean towards the Rio simply for the support of the WMA format.
First, in my views ipod is a very well designed product with a simple and usable interface. It works very well and I use it with a windows pc. I tried another hard drive based player earlier, but its interface was more cumbersome than ipod and it was bulkier too. I would not buy those memory based mp3 players because swapping things in and out is not what you want to do. You want to store songs/books etc. in one go, not every day. Maybe change once in a while but not every day. A Hard drive is a MUST!There is no point in my telling about the ipod because so many have already done so. Its a great device.I dont listen to music on my ipod. Then whats the use of buying the ipod? Because I listen to audio books. And ipod is the perfect device for that! You can buy and store as many books as you want and listen to them on your ipod. Ipod automatically remembers the position in each book. Audible.com is where I buy my audio books from (Amazon sells audio books through them too). They have a subscription service using which I get any 2 books that I want each month for a monthly price (not much). Even if we dont have time to read books ourselves, we can listen to them while commuting! I would have never been able to read all these books if I didnt have ipod and audible. Another reason not to go for those memory (non-harddrive) based players is this. Some Books can be very long and you cant store them in a small memory unless you sacrifice quality. Not many mp3 players support audible.com format. Ipod works perfect! now i can listen to books any time I am getting bored or travelling/commuting. Its effortless and wonderful!
So if, like me, you got a sexy black box emblazoned with the words iPod 20GB as a gift from Santa this year - you too are probably foaming at the mouth to get a review out there. I'll start this by saying the iPod I'm using is synched to an iMac via FireWire and is using iTunes as its library- optimum spec basically.The Box : The box itself is  a miniature work of art - unfolding to reveal the words ENJOY in that oh so simple Apple font before opening origami style to reveal its contents - a 20GB hard-drive, earphones (to be immediately thrown away), a very nice docking station, a less than nice belt clip, AC adaptor, firewire connector and wired remote (yes - wired, anyone else think Betamax when they saw it?). Anyway it's all beautiful, it sets an expectation, offers a tactile and visual representation of the Apple brand and should be studied in every business school in the country. Apple get it - people have an innate appreciation of beauty - stimulate that appreciation and you forge a bond. I've bonded with my iPod before I've even held it - how cool is that?The look of the thing : As you'd expect from Apple (or at least from anything going through Jonathan Ives at Apple) the unit is sleek, simple, well designed and desirable. The stainless steel back comes engraved with the inscription of your choice (a service offered free if you buy on-line from Apple) whilst the front is that familiar from a million and one `Product of the Year' wins 2" LCD, above the Apple White touch sensitive wheel that allows you to jog through menus, turn up the volume and generally find your way around quickly, easily and in a method reminiscent of the old Sony Jog-Dials.Navigation : If it all seems very simple that's pretty much because it is. Four buttons, a big wheel and an enter key. Press Play and the iPod springs into life, starting up exactly where it left off. Hit Menu and you're given several choices, the outer wheel allows you to scroll through those choices, the centre button acts as an ENTER key. And that's it. Click, swivel, click - it's thumb operational and pretty much idiot proof. Well almost idiot proof - the controls are extremely sensitive and the slightest knock sees them springing into self-selection action. Luckily there's a HOLD switch designed to stop this happening - use it, because if you don't you'll end up listening to the Captain and Tennille at a most inopportune moment.Battery Life : So far my batteries have lasted about five hours between charges (Apple claim 8 - to get that you'd need to press play and leave it there, don't skip, don't use the backlight, don't get it too hot, too bothered or too involved). That's okay because recharging via the cradle is a piece of gateaux.Recharging : To recharge slip the iPod into the docking cradle (where it will remain semi-reclined) and relax. That's it. The iPod is recharging, it will automatically update itself too - downloading your latest purchases from iTunes and your latest lists whilst juicing up. Dock it and leave it basically. If you just want to recharge that's no problem either - as well as a DISABLE SYNCH function you also have the option of connecting the dock straight to the iPod power adaptor and charging from there.Formats : Downloading software is easy - you can simply copy the tunes straight out of iTunes or you can play with the format some. You see iPod is format agnostic. It's compatible with ACC, AIFF, WAV and VBR-MP3. What this means is that you can happily listen to songs ripped at 192 on MP3 - or you can switch to AIFF files and attempt to spot the difference vs. the original. Doing this is gonna cut the number of songs you squeeze into that 20GB but you could still add a song a year for the next couple of years without much trouble.Sound Quality : You read very little about sound quality in most MP3 player reviews. That's because the players have generally been more abut fashion than function until now. They played back roughly what you intended them too and lack of quality was the price you paid for being ahead of the curve. The iPod is different - in AIFF mode it's simply superb, stepping up to any challenge thrown at it. Headphones, expensive speakers, delicate and sniffy audio-equipment, it takes them all in its stride and holds its own. Seems that all that memory isn't about more songs after all, it's about sound qualityWhy I love it : The iPod looks the part, sounds the part, is easy to use day to day, versatile enough to carry my files as well as my music home from work and genuinely handy to have. It also costs too much, which just tips it over the edge from wanna-have to must have.
I am a Graphic Design student at Central Connecticut State University.  I have had my ipod for about a month now and I love it.  I don't just use it for music, I use it for storing my design projects as well.  It is very easy to use and I can go back and forth between my computer and the computer lab with it comfortably in my pocket.  It will connect to any computer as long as it has a firewire port and the system requirements.  I also use it to hold digital pictures, this takes the load off my imac.  When you connect it to the computer, the ipod icon pops up on the screen.  You can store pretty much anything on it all you have to do is drag and drop.  This is so much better than using unreliable zip disks. And because it's connected by a firewire port, it's alot faster.  I recommend this to any design student or anybody that wants an easy storage solution with a fun musical addition.
This so far is the ultimate in portable music devices.  Actually that title would go to the 40GB model, but the price on it was just out of reach.1.  It runs well.  My usual run is between 15-30 minutes over 1 1/2 to 2 1/4 miles, and not a single skip.  The dock is handy, but the slip case is clunky (no access to controls, but protects it ok.  The earphones are cheap, but who uses the included ones anyway?  Note:  Buy an armband case, it's light enough to stay and not fall down your arm.2.  iTunes:  Synchronization is smooth, but I had a problem setting it up to recognize it **More later.  I can drag and drop existing MP3 files into the iTunes screen, and it will automatically copy them to the library.  (Burn the library + lists to DVD+RW(s) for back up.)  I can alter the individual song properties, including the volume and equalizer settings.  This is helpful for those songs in which play too &quot;light&quot; because of how they were ripped.3.  No moving parts.  The touch controls are awesome and once you get used to them, intuitive.4.  Browse by album name, artist, genre, song, etc.  Me, when I want to listen to Little Texas, I can navigate artist and scroll down quickly using the touch control (fast clockwise motions around the pad).  Play set playlists too, like running music.** I had a problem sychronizing this with my computer at first.  I suspected a Plug and Pray registry problem, which seems to be similar to what some Windows users have talked about.  I changed drive letters to one that had not been used before, like T:, and then restored the iPod to factory settings.  I've used a lot of different devices on this computer, and they often reuse the same drive letters (memory cards, cameras, etc).  It worked ok then.  I suspect Windows did a number on the iPod when it was first connected, and the system had a hard time recognizing it.
I've used several (about a dozen) different mp3 players. Sony, Samsung, JVC, others. None of them match up to the iPod in my opinion. Easy to use, durable, great sound quality (if you're smart enough to use Apple Lossless format), and lots of great accessories. Sure, you could go buy something cheaper...just know that you'll be getting what you pay for. I've heard people talk about problems with battery life and such, but mine has been working wonderfully since I got it about a year ago. Rarely have I not gotten at least 7 1/2 hours of play time from mine. I wouldn't trade my iPod for any other mp3 player, but I'm sure planning on trading my PC for a Mac after the outstanding experiences I've had with Apple products. One suggestion though, for those that do want to get an iPod...get it straight from Apple, it'll save you some money over what you'll pay here on Amazon.
Bad battery, i had it 2 days and had to return it because the battery sux, but i just called today and they told me they are going to give me a new one :D*edit* just got my new ipod that the apple company sent to me, and its working marvelously! i love the ipod! MUST BUY!!!, but if you dont buy it on your home town,and the ipod comes defectous, you are going to have a hard time getting a replacement! so if your going to buy one, buy it in the apple store, i bought mine for $349.00 US.....here in panama, and in amazon is at almost 400 bucks! but oh well, im happy
In what has to be the slickest execution of a new piece of hardware yet, this Apple-linked but PC-compatible product will make all portable music players obsolete in no time flat. I have been following trends in this area for a long time, and my last big MP3 player investment was in a SONICblue Jukebox. Wow, how fast things evolve! That machine, cutting edge 2 years ago, had a 6 gig hard drive and allowed only for rather slow uploading of music through its balky software interface via a USB 1.0. In addition, its organizational abilities were limited.The iPod is about 1/10 the size of the old Jukebox, absolutely ultra high tech looking, with backlighting that awes and controls that work intuitively, and it uploads easily through a firewire or a USB 2.0 (optional) connection.Music can be categorized and recalled quickly, with the scroll control making it all simple to access.Sound quality is awesome, its earbuds light years ahead of anything similar. Capacity is incredible in the 20 gig model, holding 5,000 songs!(the 40 gig unit will hold 10,00 songs!)Where to get that much music? Well, the iTunes webpage will be available to you everytime you synch your iPod, and it offers thousands of CDs for download and archiving (so even were you to lose your iPod, you wouldn't lose access to your music), at an average cost of 99 cents per song. (It would seem the day of napster, et. al. is coming to an end, replaced not by the courts but by better technology. It takes only a few seconds to download a song from iTunes, and the quality is always perfect.)Battery life with the iPod (6 hours when fully charged) is just fine. The (optional only in the 10 gig model, included with the others) cradle will recharge and synch the unit to your PC, but I bought the optional car charger for longer road trips. I also bought the FM transmitter that attaches neatly to the unit and allows you to play the iPod through your stereo sans wires, though the cassette adapter works better for that purpose.A word about Apple's customer service: WOW! I ordered my unit on a Sunday, with the additional $19 for custom engraving on its silver back. In an hour I got an email that my order was being processed, and in 6 hours I got an email that it had shipped! The email included a tracking link, and I watched it move from Taiwan across the world in 2 days. I got it on Tuesday evening (!) and it was factory sealed/shrink wrapped and in fine condition. When I opened it (even the packaging is high tech) and took it out of its protective inner wrapper, I was delighted to find the engraving was there and was done just perfectly.If delivering a great product and offering perfect service is to be lauded, Apple must be given the highest kudos possible.
I felt no need for an MP3 player and although I thought of iPod as a nice little toy, I didn't WANT one as I didn't find much time to listen to music anyway..An impulsive buy a few days ago after I held it in my hand for the first time surprised me and worried me - afterall, it wasn't a small amount of money. After I uploaded a few tunes on it my remorses have gone away.iPod is a stunning gadget, probably the most beautiful one, and I've had many. If you have a sense for detail you'll appreciate it even more. Handling, navigation in the menu, the touch sensitive surface, all is an ingenious work of art.Recommendation - don't try to save money on the remote if you plan to use your iPod outside.Message for WinXP users - please follow my instructions to upload songs for the first time on your iPod. If a good soul somewhere hasn't written them on the ipodlounge, I'd be lost and very distressed. Here we go:1) Charge up the battery.2) Go to apple.com/ipod and download the newest updater (2.1 now) and install it.3) Connect your iPod to your PC. Go to my computer and format the removable drive that appears there with FAT32. This will take up to 20 mins, so don't worry.4) Now run the iPod updater which you installed in step 2.5) After the updater puts the necessary EPROM information on your iPod it will tell you to plug it into the power supply to flash the ROM.6) After you plug it into power supply flashing starts and after a few minutes you are ready.7) Install iTunes (apple.com/itunes/download) and connect your iPod. You're set. It works like a charm. Not to mention the incredible speed with which gigabytes of songs will transfer to you iPod.The above has save me lot of nerves, and from what I read some people actually returned their iPods because the process for WinXP wasn't documented. Apple should do something about it, perhaps their website, hint-hint?As for the headphones, I'm quite an audiophile and they are very good, not too big too, like many think.Good luck and many enjoyable listening hours. ;-)
If you like music and don't have a Harddrive based "MP3" player. you've gotta try one. It'll change the way you listen to music. Hook one to your home system and never swap CD's again, and have your music collection in your pocket wherever you go.Anyway, I never thought I'd say this about and Apple product, but... I love this thing. There is nothing like having 300+ CD's at your finger tips, anywhere.Some of the complaints I've read have to do with MusicMatch and the iPod. I've never used the iPod with Musicmatch, since I bought it just after (and because of)the release of iTunes for Windows, and it's worked great for me. It's a very simple/easy to use program that does everything I need, and regardless of what others have said, it and the iPod work fine with MP3's. However, the iTunes music store will only provide music in the AAC format and the purchased music will only download to the iPod. ;) You can also burn them to regular CD's.After trying both MP3 and AAC formats, I settled on the AAC @192kbps. 128kbps is fine, but with 20GB, I've got plenty of room.The 20GB iPod is the better buy, since it includes a case, remote, and docking station. None of them are necessary but definitly worth having, plus you get the extra 10GB. An included USB cable would be nice but since most newer computers include firewire, and USB won't recharge the iPod while firewire will, most people will better better served by getting a $...firewire pci card, if their computer doesn't have firewire already.My only semi complaint is the 8 hr battery life, I've yet to drain the battery, but 14-16 hrs would be nice. I've picked up a car adapter just in case, and usually have the AC adapter with me if I feel I'll be running for more than 8 Hrs.
I have heard about Ipod issues, but so far mine is amazing. Toys come and go, but this is a toy that actually has a major impact on your life if you are a music lover. A piece of art.
This is my second iPod, and I'm just as happy with it as I was with my first. There is nothing wrong with this iPod. For those people that complain about the battery life, all you need to do is plug it in at night, let it charge while you sleep, and you're ready to go for the next day. I've never been without my charger for more than 6 hours or so, so the 12 hour battery life is more than enough for me. The interface couldn't be easier, the buttons are easy to use, and plus it looks cool. You can't go wrong with this new iPod. I recommend getting laser engraving, because my first iPod was stolen, so an engraving of your name and phone number couldn't hurt.
Why spend more than you need to. Amazon is way overpriced on the 20GB iPod model. Spend less and buy it direct from Apple.
Usually I never post reviews but for the ipod, i will!!!I bought the 10GB which I am returning the amazon right now. Reason im returning is because I love it so much, i am going to buy the 20GB heheIt took me about 15 minutes before i was able to play songs on my ipod - didn't read the manual ofcourse, and after like 30 minutes i mastered it!!If you're good at computers and stuff, the software part is not hard at all, its very easy. If you're not, it'll take you some time to learn musicmatch, but dont worry because theres a great tutorial in the musicmatch program!Which one you should buy?I recommend the 20GB. Reason is that the 10GB does NOT come with case, remote, and dock. These 3 accessories is about $50 extra. The 20GB has these 3 items included so it would be best if you pay like $70 more and get the 20GB with those accessories.Any negitive stuff about Ipod?- Too bad Microsoft didn't think about this idea, because I would pick Microsoft anyday over Apple.- 10GB, again theres no dock, remote or case which sucks since I paid so much money.Thats about it, hrm I bought a firewire pci card for $10 and installed it - Plug and Play. Then i transfered all my kazaa downloaded songs (about 100) to the ipod, the songs took about 20 seconds for the most which is crazy-fast!!If you're looking to buy an Ipod, i recommend buying it, and buy it from amazon because you its shipped very fast - i ordered it day before yesterday and got it today via UPS!!!Hope my review helped :)
With Apple hard at work on the next-Gen iPod, now may not be the best time to buy. Here's what I'm hoping we'll see when the new Pods show up late this summer, in order of request:1) High-quality line-in for recording. Current solutions are awkward. What we need is line-in for recording lectures; reporter interviews; concerts; and for Garage Band musicians to record jam sessions on the fly. This one feature would demolish the entire Minidisc market in one fell swoop, but Apple is probably worried about the additional complexity and the certain complaints about bootleggers from the recording industry, who they need to support iTunes.2) A better camera dock solution. The current Belkin kit ($99) is awkward and slow. An on-iPod solution (such as an SD card slot or mini-USB2-in jack) would greatly enhance the iPod's use as a digital wallet. Just think: Professional Camera geeks are shelling out $1,000 to $2,000 for measly 1GB-4GB flash cards, when they could have 40 GB for $499.3) An optional color-screen model. Viewing pictures, downloaded home movies et al on the fly; album art; games.To be useful, the screen would have to be somewhat larger than the current screen, and possibly require and entirely new form factor. But surely apple can do a much better job than the laughably awful $699 XPods that Microsoft will be pitching...4) If we're really dreaming, how about giving the high-end iPod a TiVo-like option? Have a TV dock that includes video and audio in-out and records shows, etc. onto the iPod. How cool would that be to record &amp; carry 30 hours or so of your favorite video whereever you want? Sony already has a clumsy attempt at this with its GigaPocket technology; surely Apple could do it one better.
This has got to be the coolest looking Mp3 player ever, and with the funtionality to match it's cool looks.  My only gripe is that it is not compatible with the WMA format, but I will gladly use a converter just to have this player.
The problem you are having is caused by a bad operating system. Switch to mac and you'll never have any problems again! Why didn't you think of that? Because you were dumb enough to use windows in the first place!
Here are the reasons why you should buy an iPod:1. It is compact, you can take your ENTIRE CD collection with you. The iPod slips very easily in your pocket and is pretty light.2. It is extremely easy to use. Plug it in and it automaticcally all the songs from your computer (iTunes) to your iPod. Very very fast connection and updating. It only takes about 4 seconds to update an average sized album. Amazing huh?3. It's very very convenient. One thing I really about the iPod is that you can create playlists so your songs can play in a particular order. You can make as many playlists as you like and it'll take like 10 seconds. If you want to burn the songs into a portable CD player, it'll take a good 20 minutes, AND you get worse music quality. You can change your playlists as many times and you want.4. It's got a lot of other features on it. The games are really fun. You can also put notes, calendar, and contacts on it.5. The sound is really good. You get equalizer and you can adjust to maximize the quality of music depending on the genre.6. The design ROCKS!Some not so great points about the iPod:1. It scratches very easily and unless you don't mind that, you're gonna have to buy some kind of case for it, which will make it slightly bigger (but some will make it more fashionable).2. The battery really doesn't last that well compared to some other mp3 players out there. To get the most out of your iPod battery, do not fully discharge it before you recharge it. (There's no memory effect.)Supposedly it lasts 18 months if you listen to 6 hours of music a day. (Still not that bad!)3. The price is pretty up there... But say, you use it everyday for the next 1.5 years, the iPod costs 75 cents a day. (Referring to the 20GB version). And chances are you ARE gonna use it for more that 1.5 years.Some final words:Go for it, you really won't regret the purchase. The iPod is a timeless thing. The iPod really opened my eyes to music. I now listen to a wider variety of music. With iTunes, purchasing songs you like can never be easier. Once again, GO FOR IT!! NO REGRETS!!
This is great. Now I have two of them. I bought one of the original 5 GB models and thought at that time they were expensive, but soon found out that even the smaller model would keep as many songs as I would ever want for a business flight.I realized the iPod was so much more when I had disk problems on my Macintosh. Luckily I had a backup copy of my OS on it and used it to boot my machine. I was back in the saddle in a minute, and in fact, I accidentally continued to use the iPod as the startup disk for that whole session while working on huge graphics files!The iPod can be used to transfer files from work to home and vice versa. Contacts and calenders make it easy to keep track of things without a PDA (even though you can't add anything without using a PC/Mac). I have used both iPods with an old Pentium III PC and the music transfer is smooth as silk. I did a lot of shopping this time around and the other players out there just don't have what it takes. Either the  controls are in goofy places or the software isn't intuitive. While you CAN learn to use anything, why should it be a pain?I now have one of the 20 GB models and can store large presentations on it when I travel, and since they usually have a PC at the other end, I can leave my laptop at home and am much happier not having to lug that around.PC and Mac users will benefit from this device, especially if you are innovative, or you happen to find innovative software which is widely available and cheap or free. One example is: Before my flight, I can download newsbites and sports scores and quickly transfer it to the iPod for a diversion at the airport or on the flight. For the person visiting family, you can bring along the latest digital pics, long lost recipes, etc. and transfer/print them when you get there. (My parents don't do email that well)While the iPod isn't a PDA, it has many of those functions and is a lot more fun. Most importantly, the iPod is an AWESOME and versatile music player.
I bought a 20GB Ipod at Apple's new store in Tokyo's Ginza. (another Windows user who forgot to buy the USB adapter, and had to return for it the following day) The CDROM included doesn't include Itune software (instead Audible Manager - which is horrible). Many futile attempts to figure out how to upload my library via Audible Manager, Music Match and Media Player. I searched Google, downloaded Itunes. I almost returned it when I thought I had to subscribe to Itunes and my personal collection wouldn't upload.Well, I'm soooo glad I didn't. Ipod simplicity is elegant; the wheel nav, basic LCD, and overall design. Finger touch is sensitive beyond belief. Itunes complements the Ipod very well. My entire world, life, and memories through music are now with me... hard to put this into words. Apple has welcomed me to the future...
the iPod is a great mp3 player. i have windows XP and it's worked like a dream thru iTunes and i know a bunch of people who've had a great time thru EphPod. i really suggest getting this! a tip- get the firewire especially if you're getting a 20/40 gb iPod. the uploading takes NO time whatsoever (10 minutes for 10 gigs!). and for all of you who think the battery thing is horrible. Apple has changed it! you're battery can be replaced for free under warranty (in the last month, replace whether or not you need to) and after warrany it's 100 dollars. And the same thing fo the rio! it's amazingly easy to use and a great machine!!!!!!!!
(This is a review I wrote for the 40GB iPod. Most of it applies to this model as well.)What I like best about Amazon reviews is that, unlike Consumer Reports or other technical reviewers, they come from people who own the product and use it every day. Hence a disclaimer - I got my iPod a week ago.That being said - it is awesome. My iPod is connected to my PowerBook, where I have almost 5,000 songs stored in iTunes. All I have to do is put the iPod in the cradle and it automatically syncs. The first time took about 30 minutes or so - after that it hasn't taken more than a minute or so. It's much easier than other MP3 players. (For Christmas last year, I bought my dad a Rio MP3 player. Teaching him how to load songs onto it was a huge pain.)The sound quality is as good as it gets for an MP3. I bring my iPod everywhere and am listening to songs I forgot I have. It's also forced me to go through my music library and make sure everything is labeled properly (if it's not, it's going to be hard to find on an iPod, as it doesn't have a search function).The games it comes with are mindless timewasters, which is what they were intended to be. The music quiz is pretty cool though. The address book and calendar functions are useful, although a bit of a pain to update if you don't use Mac's Address Book and iCal, as you can't use iSync.The only complaints I have are minor:-When attached to the remote control, the earphone cord is too long. While it can be tucked in a pocket if you are wearing normal clothes, it's a pain when you go to the gym or for a run.-There's a slight pause between songs, which is annoying when listening to a complete concert.-Like many newer cars, mine doesn't have a tape deck. Hence, the only way to play my iPod through the car stereo is through an FM transmitter - most of which have lousy reputations.-The functionality of the calendar and address book could be improved, although I'm sure that will come in time and iPods will be fully functioning PDAs as well.
I've always been a skeptic of Apple, and I'm the kind of person who would never buy a Mac. All the same, I must admire the iPod.First, let me say that I was very glad to learn that Apple issued a firmware fix for the iPod that corrects the infamous battery problem.That said, on to the review.Asthetics: 4.5/5 A sleek look with a mirror-like chrome backing out weighs any problems I have with the fact that the face plate of the iPod is plastic.Speed: 4/5 The longest delay I encountered while using the iPod was the load time of the games. However, it should be noted that the iPod wasn't made for USB 1. If you have more than 1GB of music, consider a firewire or USB 2 card for your pc.Storage: 5/5 It'll take me well over 3 years to fill my 20 GB.Navigation: 6/5 Nothing could be better than entirely touch sensitive buttons!Battery: 3.5/5 On optimal settings you'll get 8hrs of music, and that's about 2 hrs less than the Dell DJ.Sound: 5/5 I am no audiophile. That said, I find the iPod's built in EQ, remote, and headphones wonderful and above my expectations.Compatability: 2.5/5 My biggest problem with the iPod. I was really annoyed that the only way to get songs to the iPod was by transferring all your music and ratings to iTunes (even though iTunes is a fine program). Also, no included USB cable (though one is available for $20 on apple.com) and no support for wma delayed my use of the iPod by about 4 days.Accessories: 5/5 I was completely wowed when I saw what you could add to the iPod. FM transmission, use as a hard drive for your digital photos, and about 10 more hrs of battery are all available as hardware accessories. Also, using special software, you can copy eBooks, contacts, appointments, notes, news, and weather to your iPod.Overall: 4.5/5 The iPod isn't perfect, and it's a hassle if you have an older computer or if you have all you music in wma. However, it is pretty close to perfect. Overall, I'd definitely recommend it, though it's steep price might drive some people to ask for it as a gift.
If you're looking for an extremely compact mp3 player with a lot of memory, this is the way to go. This thing is tiny and will fit in just about any pocket. 1.5 GB means you can put over 300 songs on there. It is very easy to add songs. All you have to do is drag and drop the files from the computer into the player window. This item comes with a carrying case, charger, 2 USB 2.0 cords (one for home and one for travel) and media player software. Creative says you should install it but it is not needed to use the product.One thing I dislike about it is the size of the keys. If you have big fingers you might find it hard to change tracks and adjust the volume. The directions are also not great. Some people might have trouble navigating the menu.Overall a great player - highly recommended
This little machine is wonderful.  It's software is great but the speakers that come with it suck.  I had to go buy so sony ear bud ones and they are great.  The battery is a big problem, because it will not let me go past song 10 unless I put the old battery bad in the player!!  This is really upsetting and one day I cyied b/c it would not play my favorite song #11.  What if anything can I do about this little problem.  The machine is perfect I got it for Christmas and I already wants to mess up!!Some one please save me from breaking it.Thank you to the people that read this.Thanks,Jim
Perfect.  No problems!  Sleek look.  I am very happy with me purchase  And Reccommend it to others.
The card adapter lets your sd card work in any device that works with compact flash.  Really works out great with the archos devices.
I use my adapter for smart media cards.  It works very well.
I am using the Archos Adapter to read Memory Stick Pro media. Performance exceeds my expectations on speed and ease of use in transferring data into both a Nixvue Vista portable storage unit and into my PC via a Compact Flash reader.  I am very happy I purchased the Archos Adapter.
I tried to get one of these through amazon and every other website that had it listed.  Archos is NOT producing these anymore.  If you go to newmp3technology.com they support all archos products.  They have an adapter that is a 5 in 1 that works great with my Archos 300.  They carry a full line of products.  I also purchased the leather case which fits the box like a glove and has a handy belt loop and stand with it.  Next will be a new battery!  check them out for all your archos needs!
If you have any of the Archos AV400 unit (20, 80, or 100GB) and you travel a lot taking hundreds of pictures with your digital camera, this is perfect for the following reasons:1.  You can view your pictures better with the bigger screen compared to the ones with the digital camera.2.  You can backup your picture files.3.  You can manage and rename your picture files.4.  BEST OF ALL - no need to buy additional/bigger capacity memory cards.  Just dump the pictures into your AV400 unit and your memory card is free again to store new pictures.Perfect too for sharing files with other PDAs or celfones that use memory cards.  Transfer is faster and it will not eat up the onboard memory of the PDA/celfone during tranfer since it is direct to the memory card.  But you need to keep it in a  protective casing when not in use to minimize particle (e.g. dusk) accumulation that may hamper the reading of media cards.These option and features was one of the justification for buying an AV4100 and choosing it over the AV700.
I used this product with the Archose GMini 220 20GB version which I bought in 2003.  Backpacked Europe this summer with both Archos products and did not have any problems. Worked flawlessly with a Sandisk 1GB SD card.
This is the perfect mp3 player if you're looking for something small and easy to use.  It is really tiny, hooks up to your machine via a USB port.  Very easy to add/delete songs.  It uses 1 AAA battery and it will last for a few hours - not bad, but not that great.  Overall this is great for anyone!
This MP3 player could NOT be any better.  The speakers are incredible and the sound totally blew me away.  Such great sound coming from such small speakers!  I am a music major, so the voice recording capabilities were just an added bonus!  Admittedly, the controls were a bit much to get used to, but once that was mastered, using this became a breeze.  I would recommend this product to anyone.
i like it because it comes with the speakers and it can hold 80 songs i dont know why you would want a mp3 player that holds 1,000 songs
I have 135 songs on mine. The one AAA battery lasted 9 hours. Either everyone else got a lemon or they don't know how to use it.Oh yea, I bought mine for $29.00 on clearance at Target, that includes the speakers and amplifier. Mine has never had a problem when it was bumbed either.
It's a Walkman, it plays tapes and catches a radio signal. It runs on a battery, comes with a case that can be clipped onto your belt loop or your jeans - the product picture does however show a pair of earbuds coming with the Walkman. Mine came with a cheap and painfully uncomfortable pair of on the ear headphones - I couldn't say anything about the sound quality of those as I tossed them and used the pair of over the ear headphones I bought in the same order (see my other reviews).The device works and that is all I expected, if you've ever had a Walkman before then you know what they're like.
Excellent product to own it, true to its performance. This product gives a remarable performance with pencil cells and has a crystal clear audio performance. The clarity is so good that I would recommend this product to everyone.
My old cassettes now have a new life.  This is great for listening to my old music.  The sound through the earplugs is great.  My old Tina Turner and Rod Stewart have been resurrected.
Great for listening to tapes and radio while you exercise or anything very reasonable...good gift idea!! Good for anywhere a must have!!
I have been looking for a good tape player it's hard to get better then a SonyI have many tapes that I want to play this is perfect for my needs. I loveAmazon for hard to find items
this radio has a great sound, good price, plenty of presets. people at work ask me "is that a walkman"? they want one and think its great you can still find them. good job sony. it takes only one dbl A battery, but you wouldn't know it from the power that comes out. its definately above ave. the a.m. and weather ch don't come in great, but the fm ch come in better than the radio in my vehicle. only reason a.m. doesn't come in great is im in a processing facility and im in a thick concrete building. otherwise its great, and the battery for the radio lasts long! its sturdy for a small radio, ive dropped it on marble and concrete floors and no damage, worth every cent
Didn't think I could get another one like my first one years ago.  I will never part with it.  Never ever.
So very easy to use.  LOVE It !!  I purchased this cassette player to listen to some tapes I collected from &#34;way back when&#34; while out walking or biking.
The sony walkman is an old tool that still performs very well.  They are ideaand portable to carry in a shirt pocket.  The controls are very simple to operate.Loading a tape is very easy as well as changing the battery.
I really can't review the product because, after we ordered it, we learned that someone else had purchased the same thing for the intended recipient. So I'll just say the seller sent the product on time, it arrived in excellent shape, and sending it back was easy and hassle free.
I was told that sony no longer made walkmans and I was very excited to find that is not correct.  Amazon.com has everything.  I was so pleased to get my walkman.  I was pleased about the service and delivery was in a timely manner.  I will order again.
Everything it was promised to be! Couldn't be more pleased. It is easy to operate and has withstood a couple of drops on a hard surface already.
Since I continue to read books on tape, I needed a reliable, well made cassette player. This one is perfect for me and has everything I need.
this walkman is my xmas present, and i am excited about it, it came in on time and in excellent condition
I use this on my bike rides to listen to books on tape. Lots of used books on tape available now that players are hard to find. This player is not bothered by road shock and works well with lots of vol.
I was going to give me cassettes  to Good Will, But found this item on Amazon.com. I love this player , works very well. Bought in the ear Earphones. I am happy with my purchase. Sony is the best anyway.Thank you.
Excellent clarity of sounds. Compact. Can fit most shirt and pants pockets. Enjoy your cassettes any where you go. There is a weather band, also. For all that this Walkman does it only requires one (1) AA battery!
I received my (Orange) BenQ 125/256MB MP3 Player as a (2004) Christmas gift. Not only does it look expensive, it sounds GREAT! I love the USB/AC travel charger that was included. Plus, the fact that I can fully re-charge the player from my computer's USB port in a short time. No need to purchase batteries anymore. The charge last up to 10 hours of playing time. The Q-music software included isn't needed if your OS is Windows XP, which mine is. I use Window's Media Player 10. The process of transfering music is really simple. With the 256MB, I can load approx. 60 songs, depending on the lengths of these songs. You can transfer downloaded music from the internet or rip music from your CD's into the player. The earbuds are comfortable and the stereo sound of music you hear from them is absolutely out of this world! It's like hearing every instrument and every vocal tone in surround sound, just from those two earpieces. I'm so serious, I can't say enough good things about this MP3 player. Your music will stream it's title while playing and there's a blue back light, that you can press that allows you to see in the dark. Okay, a negative... the radio reception isn't that great, it's like I have to stand still to keep a good reception. Because the antenna is a part of the earphone device. However, the voice recorder is great. Also, another great accessory that comes along with this player is the black leather case and the neck strap, which is great when working out at the gym, or just walking around the mall and etc. Let's see... did I forget anything else? Hope not. Because I suggest this user friendly MP3 player to anyone who reads this post. If you love music, you'll love the crisp stereo sound that is produced from this powerful little player.
In a nutshell the positives for this player are:+ Ultra small+ Incredible battery life from the built in rechargeable batteries+ Tight and expensive-looking manufacturingThe only two negatives I would have are:- Horrible headphones - replace with a good pair from Sony etc.- Mediocre user interface on the LCD. Especially for volume up/downOverall a great buy. The 256MB player holds 40+ long songs, which is enough for any workout!
I just got mine in the mail last week, and I gotta say I love it.  This is my first Mp3 player, but I am not new to electronics and computers.Quality is grade A and the styling is pretty cool too.  I was pleasantly surprised at the volume and sound quality.  After listening to punk rock for the last 20 years or so, I need it loud...and this does the job.  I only need to crank the volume up to 3/4's.I've taken it running twice, and over the weekend I wore it for 8 hours straight while doing yardwork and building a fence in the back yard.  I wish it had a belt clip of some kind, but I just tuck into my belt, and it stays put.  It never faltered and still hadn't died when I put it on the charger.The case for it is very convinient and helps protect it from scratches and such.Over all I'm quite happy.  I'd definitely buy their stuff again.
As a college student I use the mp3 player for my foreign language classes, the usb drive for my class photos, the radio for radio (npr) and it just works.  It isn't the easiest thing to learn but after a day I could fiddle with it still in my pocket.  The radio can be staticy but moving it a foot or two usually fixes it.  The repeat section function is very usefull.  The 256 mb is just barely big enough for what I need.  It feels solidly built and is pretty darn small.  They should have given one of these to each Duke student instead of the iPods.  Sorting mp3's can be a hassle but is fixable.  It isn't completly intuative but it is the swiss-army knife of this new century.
I like this player a lot.Size - This MP3 player is very compact and lightweight.Look - The brush aluminum look makes it very modern and stylish.Built-in USB Plug - This is a saver if you plan to use it as USB flash drive.  It will save you to bring along or buy an extra USB cable.  And since it is retractable, it doesn't make the player any larger when it is not needed.Rechargeable battery - This is one of best feature that I like the most.  I don't need to worry about buying batteries.  Addition to the AC adapter, it also allows me to recharge the battery by plugging it in to the computer's USB port.Earphone - The material of earphone that came with this player is only so so.  It has a very plastic feeling.  But the sound quality that it puts out is not too bad.Radio - The receiver is not very strong.  I constantly getting weak signal and have to point the device to different position to get a better signal.  But it is still better than the other players.MP3  - It plays MP3 and WMA.  The sound quality is very good.  It is definitely above average.  It also puts out nice bass.
This little thing has it all. Synchronization with text is great(one drawback is you program it one line at a time with each song yourself). It is so light and the size of two matchboxes. You can also program the start up and end menus with a black and white picture of your choice. I had it for 2 days now and learned as much as I could. The manual is on the cd rom. I prefer paper because it is hard to navigate its 40 pages. It comes with a little grey bag and a black holder and strap.The radio is nice. I tried the microphone and was surprised to find out it works without a mic attachment.You can use it for storage transportation too. It really has a good sound quality. I can truly say that the crazy teens and niave kids of today can shove it with thier ipods. I didn't waste my christmas wish on an overpriced, overhyped item. I know I still have cash left in my wallet.The fact it can hold about 100 songs is great for the price. I would definately buy this product!!
I bought this MP3 player after returning the 125 Joybee from BenQ  I was satisfied with the Sound quality of the 125 so I opted for this model as I wanted a better menu functionality ...this one has better navigation with the menus. The Sound quality is great the headphones supplied with the set are short and I don't like the fact that the left ear headset cord is shorter than the right ear one. I am using the same USB cord that I have for my digital camera (This Cord is always plugged into my USB Port) it is good that the cord is universal in nature now with the same cord I can transfer pictures as well as music.Transferring mp3 files is as easy as drag and drop you can create a directory structure in your Hard Disk and just drop it into the additional drive that shows up the moment you plug this into the USB port. The FM reception is good I tried recording a sound via FM and it was good. The e-reader is a neat feature though I did not find any use for it so far maybe I will use it to store my shopping list (Txt files can also be dragged and dropped).The Joybee 150 can also be used a storage device.Overall a good value for money ... search the net and you will find good deals for it ..
Este reproductor ben-q te da calidad a un bajo costo. El grabador incorporado trabaja genial aunqe colocandolo en baja calidad graba casi 7 horas de conversaciones. Los controles son facil de usar, lo que mas me gusta es que es muy peque&ntilde;o cerrando la mano lo cubres completamente. trae incorporado un equalizador, puedes elejir entre 5 velocidades de reproducci&oacute;n---muy lento hastra muy rapido, tiene una funcion de reproducci&oacute;n donde seleccionas un intervalo que se repetira el tiempo que lo necesites, muy bueno para aprender un idioma nuevo.las pilas son internas y se cargan al conectar en el conector USB.en fin tienes un gran reproductor a un bajo costo y que tenga un gran estilo, lo recomiendo ampliamente.lo compre cuando tenia un menor precio en amazon, esten pendiente a prox rebajas.
Read below for my first review. It has been a good while since I wrote that--and it has stayed flat and clean on my Tacoma dashboard. It sits in the sun on work days--garaged otherwise. I highly recommend this product--but note that it may be that it does not do well on other dashboards. Things stick to it nicely--it does not glue them down, but  holds them under normal driving conditions.Not sure about the edges curling--that would be a bummer. That said, I put mine on my dash a couple of days ago--at work it is in the hot sun and so far no edges have curled. I'm wondering if it has to do with the texture of the dashboard rather than the pad itself? It works very well--and I wonder why I did not have one years ago. I can park my cell phone and glasses case on it--and other things that tend to get lost in the crevices of my seat. For those who have success and failures, I'd suggest listing your make and year of vehicle so it might be possible to see if the edge curling correlates with specific makes/models. Mine is attached to the dash of a 2003 Toyota Tacoma Prerunner.I will update if the edges curl--but some indicate it happened with their vehicle overnight. My dash was quite clean--Armor-alled--as well. Think about it--it would most certainly curl if it was attached to a dash with any kind of film (dust or otherwise) on it.
After buying a few of the cheap pads and being disappointed with them, I bought this. It is worth the money. It goes much longer between having to wipe it down. But yes, like any of these pads, you DO have to wipe them down because eventually dust will cling to the surface and you won't be sticking your device to the pad; you'll be sticking it to a layer of dust.To wipe it down, I use pre-moistened glasses wipes with alcohol. After a quick wipe, it's as sticky as day one. Also, I bought this &#34;super size&#34; version and cut it down into smaller pieces and had no problems doing so. Now I have 3 pads for the price of 1 big one.
Bought the super sticky pad, I use this in my vehicle on my center console to prevent my phone and whatnot from sliding all around, works great!
I bought 20 sticky pads for my family and friends. They loved them. I've received calls saying it was the best gift they received this year.
Did a good job of stabilizing our GPS so it doesn't slide off the dash.  Large size was just right.
I bought this pad about 2 years ago to hold my sunpass transponder on the dash while I drive through tolls. The sunpass had to be in a specific place on the dash in order to work. This pad was the only thing that I could find and it works perfectly. The black color blends well with the dash and the sunpass transponder no longer slides all over the place. It has remained sticky for about 2 years, has not faded and can be easily cleaned with the same wipes that I use to clean my dash. Actually, I am here because I want to buy one for my wife's new car.Note:This pad has been subjected to Miami Florida heat for two years.  Highly Recommended.
and I found it to be a great product still. Sold my vehicle that I had it in and regretted not taking it out. But found it here and purchased it for myself and my boyfriends truck. I love this larger size for the truck dash.
Handstands Super Size Sticky Pad - Black  holds very well, I've yet to have anything slip off it yet.Using this pad to me is like using Super Glue with a release when needed.
I used this in two places after cutting it in half. One part went into the little tray under my single din aftermarket radio. The other half went on the dash right infront of the clock/temp display. I drive a 2009 wrx and it holds a pair of sunglasses wile driving a canyon road with speed, wile anything on my seats or trunk slides all over the place.
It's been great; exactly what I was looking for.  I also bought a second one for my wife as well.
This works great.  I put it on the dash of my Jeep.  It looks good and holds my phone even over bumpy roads.
Big! Its a decent size. More than decent. Works as expected. Holds my galaxy note in place just fine. Plenty of space for exta things
Works great and sticky. I used it on my 2002 tahoe center console as my phone would slip off when I hit the brakes. I would recommend this pad to anyone with similar issues.
Great for setting things on the car dashboard; they don't fall off when the car is moving.  Very &#34;sticky&#34; so they will need to be washed periodically because they accumulate all kinds of dirt, etc.
Works like it sez, put this on top of the center console of my 1994 Bronco, and it hold my phone in place, doesn't fall off when I open the console.
This was a great price and was exacltly as described.  The larger size was a good fit for the middle console flip top storage of my truck.
I use it to hold three remotes where I can always locate them and it works great. I like the fact when lint or dust sticks to it you just rinse and it is clean again.
This is exactly what I was looking for, in my new car.  My phone stays in place, and my sunglasses dont slide around anymore!  I just wish it wwas a little bigger.
We place it on the dashboard and keeps our glasses sitting there.  This size one works much better than the smaller ones.  We have tried both.  Spring for this bigger size.  It'll last you for years.
I bought this for my car as I travel a lot and my phone was always sliding off the seat .  this holds it in place no matter what.
Great large sticky pad that works with my ipad shaped frame to hold both of my iphones in place in my Jeep cab.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT!  Forget the lousy reviews.  I have been using these Handstands Sticky Pads for over five years.  They are vastly superior to the gel pads.  As to the complaints--first, decided where you want to place the pad and clean the dash to remove any greasy vinyl treatments.  The pad will stick fine.  Clean the pad periodically with soap and water.  Occasionally the edges will curl a bit.  Simply peel up the whole pad and reposition.  Problem solved.  Not that it was a problem to start with.  ...Highly recommended.
this is so handy to have in the car. I mainly use it to hold my iphone but is helpful for any small items.
Best sticky pad that I have ever used. It has a large surface area and really works as advertised. I bought several to put in my and my kids cars. Works better and is cheaper than pads bought in auto supply or hardware stores.
Such a simple idea, and it really does work! Plus, it fits perfect in the flat area of my dash ;)