All you need to know is that mine broke the first time I used it. The clear top didn't fit on the base and when I went to dismantle the inner arm it broke in my hands.It may have been defective.  I don't know.  But, I certainly wouldn't recommend it.
The cheap plastic paddle broke on the first batch of strawberry ice cream.  I am now upgrading to a Lelo.If I had it all to do over again, I would never have bought this!
While I have concerns regarding how long this OXO product will last, it's easier to learn to use.  The spiral is sharp and sinks into the cork more easily than a lot of the elaborate corkscrews.  But the levers (wings) don't allow much leverage and thus more force must be applied.Downside: the levers are all plastic and so is the fulcrum.  This is where I expect the device to one day break down since these are moving parts against each other along ridges.
I've had these for a number of years and I haven't had the problems that others have had with the labels wearing away, but I found that I preferred using theEndurance Spice Measuring Spoons by RSVPfor a number of reasons.First, the RSVP spoons are stainless steel.  I prefer not to use plastic with food whenever possible, especially now that I've learned more about the dangers of plasticides leeching into food products.  And although leeching normally only occurs when the object is subject to very hot food/liquids, I can be sure that when putting my stainless steel measuring cups into the hottest cycle of the dishwasher, no chemicals will be liable to future leeching.  But the main reason why I prefer the RSVP spoons is the shape.  They're long and narrow instead of round and wide; this way, they fit perfectly into the little spice jars that you buy at the supermarket.  With the Oxo spoons, I have to invert the spice jar and hope that not too much pours into the spoon.Finally, I found that the triangular "ring" that holds all the spoons together is flimsy and useless.  I lost it immediately.  The chain that holds the RSVP spoons together works perfectly and keeps all the spoons from floating in different directions in my utensil drawer.
I bought two of these and they both met the same fate: a small crack in the bottom that rendered them useless. At this price I expected a little more. They didn't last more than a few months.
I love good Italian wine, but try to limit myself to one glass a day for health reasons.  I purchased this gadget at a local wine store and assumed that meant it was useful.  That was a big mistake!This gadget doesn't do anything including seal the wine in the bottle when stored on its side in the wine cellar. Some of the time a bottle on its side won't leak, but it is just a likely to leak.  I tried buying another set of stoppers and having my husband seal them as well as myself.  No change made a difference.  Sometime they work, and sometime they don't.Additionally, when you buy a nice Brunello or a Super Tuscan do you really want to risk it become an expensive bottle of vinegar, I don't.I purchased the wine stoppers for my foodsaver and am much happier with those.  At least they don't leak.  Although I do finish the bottle as quickly as possible just to sure.
I originally gave this product a five star review but after using this food grinder several times I noticed gray or black metallic looking material in our ground meat. Friday when I was putting away the food grinder parts I noticed a black/gray substance rubbing off onto my hand or fingers. It seems as other reviewers have written the food grinder is literally eating itself up. I can not state whether the gray/black substance found in the meat, and behind the blade is metal, but it sure looks like it could be. (I noticed the metal gray or black material behind the cutter and grinding plate when washing it.) I am sending this back to Amazon as this seems to be a poorly designed product. Normally KitchenAid makes good products so I am surprised how this one did not work right.Finally, the ground meat turns out very light and tender. It's too bad there might me foreign matter in it because of this seemingly poor design.Do not recommend.
Don't waste your money! It worked great for about 2 weeks then the sprayer cracked. Apparently this is very common. A friend told me the same thing happened to her as well.
Cheap, flimsy construction with less structural integrity than a tin can.  Worse, the interiour has a strange, metallic odour that does not wash out and that you certainly don't want to transfer to anything you intend to eat.  It has been years since I have seen a truly high quality mister but this is surely the worst.
But u get what u pay for, and Whirley-Pop is made to fall apart - it also no longer has wooden handles. If u wanna popcorn popper that will last, check out the Great Northern Original:Great Northern Popcorn Original Stainless Steel Stove Top 6-1/2-Quart Popcorn Popper.
My box looked perfect condition, new, and opening it appeared the same way. As soon as I took the theCuisinart DLC-2ABC Mini-Prep Plus Food Processor, Brushed Chromeout of the plastic wrap, though, it smelled like someone sprayed me directly in the face with RAID insect spray.  I advise either opening outside wearing a mask and letting it sit there all day before bringing inside or buying a different product.
I have one of the Silpat's which is more expensive and love it for baking.  It saves messy cleanups and is more environmentally friendly than continually using parchment paper.  When I saw the Matfer product was made by Silpat and was significantly less expensive, factoring in the 4 for 3 promotion, I bought two.  The first two that came were absolutely filthy, having grease marks all over the edges.  In addition, the white edging was peeling/flaking off both mats.  Amazon's return service was a dream and I reordered replacements for the two defective mats.  Well, guess what - the replacements' edges were also peeling/flaking off.  I've returned these to Amazon and once I get my refund will purchase the more expensive Silpat product.  Don't waste your money on these less expensive items.
I bought this supposedly handy baking sheet about a year ago, but used it for the first time today when I ran out of aluminum foil.  I popped it in the preheated 425F oven with some leftover pizza for 8 minutes.  After about 2 minutes it started smoking and set off our smoke alarm.  At first I thought this was due to some poor oven cleaning, but the smoke started pluming quite abundantly after another 2 minutes, clearly emanating in all directions from the baking sheet.  Obviously I'm not the only one to have this problem, but it does seem I got a defective and that this is not par for the course.  I just hope I don't get sick from inhaling whatever that stuff was.
This is a beautiful coffee pot and the brew was terrific.  No complaints there.  My problem was with the design and layout of the clock.  When the coffee was brewing, excessive steam would rise and completely disable the clock.  The steam would get inside the mechanism which could only shorten the life of the timer I so desperately needed.  It would take an hour to regain visibility and after a week, I returned it as defective.  The second pot did exactly the same thing and I decided there must be better out there.  I can't recommend this great looking coffee pot, even though it made a really good cup of coffee.
I've commented on others' reviews, but wanted to get this up there where people can see it readily.  I liked this coffee maker a LOT since I got it just over a year ago.  It has a few little quirks, which you'll read about in other reviews, but made good coffee and I hadn't had any problems with it.  UNTIL last week.  It auto-brewed like normal and my husband had taken his coffee and left the pot with the remaining coffee (2-3 cups worth) for me to drink later.  I came into the kitchen perhaps 20 minutes after the brewing to find the pot BOILING...literally, a HARD, rolling boil, there was a little smoke and the kitchen smelled like burning wires.  I cringe every time I think of what "could" have happened if I hadn't been there!  I removed the pot, unplugged the unit, and poured water into the reservoir in hopes of cooling it down - which worked.I was outside the return time for Amazon so I contacted Cuisinart to inquire about the 3-year limited warranty.  They "normally" charge a $10 replacement fee, plus require you to pay to send the old unit back to them.  They were willing to waive the $10 return fee, but I paid $9.95 to send the old one back.  I haven't yet gotten the replacement, but after doing more research, I've decided that I don't feel safe using it.  I've contacted the Consumer Products Safety Commission (1-800-698-2772) and suggest that anyone with a similar problem do so.  I think that this coffee maker should be recalled.I'm adding more here in hopes that this review gets refreshed and up to the top again!  In addition, I've commented the following on another's review:"I'm one of those who posted in an earlier posting about the fire hazard on this coffeemaker.  I am SHOCKED that it is still being sold!  People - if you are looking at this coffeemaker, I suggest you keep looking.  Yes, it makes great coffee and looks great, as many reviewers have said.  However, please give more weight to the safety issues than the coffee or the looks.  As far as I can tell there have been no injuries from this...but it seems just a matter of time.  If you insist on this coffee maker, don't ever leave it alone on the stay warm setting!"
I have a friend who bought this "time saver" and it has been used exactly once and then put away into permanent storage. The basic premise of the Pizzazz Pizza Maker is that it cuts the time it takes to "bake" a pizza. Now I'm as busy as the next guy, but I am dumbfounded that anyone would give up the counter/shelf/cupboard space for this gigantic appliance in order to make a pizza in 12 minutes rather than 18. Unlike a conventional oven--which heats the whole pizza, including the crust--this oddly designed unit heats the top of the pizza, but the crust never gets to that satisfying mouthfeel that an oven-baked pizza does so effortlessly.This is the kind of device for people with absolutely limitless kitchen space and lots and lots of discretionary income. In other words, if you think it's a good idea to spend righteous bucks on a device that actually does a worse job of cooking pizza than a cheap pan, then by all means have at it.
I bought this based on all the reviews I read here. It is one of the most useless kitchen gadgets I own. Have been using it for a couple of weeks and have not yet managed to not have burnt popcorn. I have used 5 or 6 concentrator cups so far. Each one is a total burnt up mess after use.  The directions say use 1/3 cup of popcorn and when it stops popping it is ready. Right!! By the time all that corn pops it is practically on fire. So I tried less corn, less time. Then all you get is a lot of old maids and still burnt. Next batch less corn, less time, much lower setting. Still slightly burnt, lots of unpopped kernals. Haven't been able to reuse a concentrator yet. This may work if you have a very low wattage microwave. I may try once more at about 40% power for a minute and see what I get. This thing is definitely a pain in the butt!
When I first received this set of measuring cups I wrote a stellar 4 star review about them. My primary reason for buying them was because I needed a good quarter cup measure. Secondarily, I liked and still like the design of these measuring cups.My previous 1/4 cup measuring cup was not accurate. When filled, to the level it provided too much content (i.e., it held more than 1/4 cup so it wasn't accurate). So, my first trial of this set was to use the one cup piece and measure 1/4 cup of water. I did that and then I poured the water into my other measuring cup that I knew was inaccurate and it OVERFILLED it. So this OXO held even more content than my existing on.The title of my review is appropriate because I really liked these but I'm disappointed because I need to return them and search for a better one which is a bit of a hassle. Fortunately the merchant I bought this set from uses fulfillment by Amazon so the return will be relatively easy.
This machine would get 4 or 5 stars if it didn't break within a week or two of use.I purchased the Artisan for Christmas 2005.  It failed (gears froze) a week after receiving it.  The replacement unit failed on it's second use. I am now awaiting my third replacement.Kitchenaid sends a replacement in 5 days and picks up the failed unit.  That is good customer service. However, each unit has failed within short time, if the third one fails, I will request my money back and purchase a different brand.Update March 2008: The third mixer was the charm.  It's been working perfectly. Sorry to be so late getting back on this.Update Sept 2009: The third mixer is starting to act up.  The stirring blade is bumping the side of the bowl. You can see the mechanism is not spinning properly any longer.  Only a little over a year and now it needs repair. No quality here. When it works, it's wonderful.  But 3 times means you're out.
I have owned multiple KitchenAid mixers over the last few decades. KitchenAid was once on the short list of companies that could be counted on to stand behind their products.Picture me working away on some holiday baking with the help of my newest and most fabulous KitchenAid mixer from the 600 series. Now picture the entire front, bottom piece of said mixer suddenly breaking off and bouncing off the bowl, which sent both the bowl of dough and the large piece of mixer clattering across the floor. Quite the surprise!The mixer was over a year old, but rarely used compared to my smaller Artisan mixer. The big gun, the KitchenAid 600, was reserved for big jobs, so it was next to brand new when it disintegrated before my eyes.It turns out the Professional 600 mixer has a known defect that causes the appliance to fail. If you do a little research, you will easily find multiple complaints about the "planetary gear output shaft assembly" (aka PGOSA) uncoupling from many models of KitchenAid mixers that have elliptical movement.I called KitchenAid customer service and explained what had happened. The customer service person acknowledged the issue, but advised me that it happens "very rarely." She really seemed to think I would find it comforting to learn that in the whole time (almost one year!) she has worked for KitchenAid, I was only the third person she had spoken to about the problem.I cared as much about being "only" the third person as much as she cared about hearing I had used my mixer less than twenty times before it failed. It did not matter to her at all.Despite the almost new condition of the mixer and the multiple references to the mixer having a known defect, KitchenAid will not fix or replace my mixer because it is over a year old and out of warranty.For the record, I understand what it means to be out of warranty and know KitchenAid is well within their rights to blow me off. Since I am out of warranty, I am at their mercy and have no recourse regardless of how many times I have used (or not used) the mixer. I also understand that some companies choose to stand behind their products if they are aware of a problem.Sony is a great example. They handled all costs of repairing a television of mine that was WAY out of warranty. In fact, they told me about the defect and offered repair immediately, no hassle. Sony is now the only television I buy just because I know they stand behind what they sell.I subsequently wrote KitchenAid pleading my case and again citing multiple references to the known defect, but I received no reply. I resent the letter to the customer service address, plus sent a copy to Whirlpool's corporate address. Again, I was completely ignored; not even the courtesy of a reply. I have stopped holding my breath waiting for a reprieve.Chances are if you buy this mixer, you will not have a problem. But, think about what might happen if you do have a problem. KitchenAid used to stand behind their products, but being gobbled up by Whirlpool obviously changed that. I encourage you to check out Viking and Cuisinart mixers.
I read many of the rave reviews, but this was one Amazon purchase I have regretted.  This is a precision German kitchen tool (extremely sharp!), no doubt about that.  But in my opinion, it's inappropriate for casual home use.  First, there is a cumbersomeness to it when taking it in and out of its protective container - I thought I would accidentally cut myself so many times.  The plastic pieces are meant to be easy to remove and put together, but they get jammed together, but leaving them out for convenience would mean danger.  The pain of having to be this extra careful prohibits casual use (i.e., not worth using for slicing potatoes for only 4 people).  I also did not want my four year old to be watching me use it, lest she try it on her own when I am not around (you know children).  I have decided to give it away today.  To be fair, it's a great product for a caterer or a small start up restaurant.
Just threw out a full batch of once delicious homemade yogurt ruined by this thing.  I see in other reviews now that this is a common problem and for some, after a few uses things apparently improve, but I'm not interested in throwing out any more batches.  Yes it totally worked at reducing the yogurt to a great consistency, but the yogurt also was gray where it touched the screen and tasted just like it had been run though a rusty window screen stored in the barn--maybe not that good.  That can't possibly be good for you. Even now, hours later and after eating lunch, that taste is still in my mouth. The whole point of making my own yogurt and using organic milk is for the healthy properties.  The strong metallic taste of the resulting thick yogurt is clearly not healthy in any way.I thoroughly washed the apparatus before first use, which was an attempt to thicken some yogurt that hadn't fully 'gelled'.  Didn't work as that yogurt was too thin and just ran though, so I washed the device again in preparation for reuse.  After greatly enjoying some of a new and perfect batch of yogurt, I decided to thicken the rest of it with this thing. The resulting taste and appearance of the thickened yogurt leads me to believe there's been some bad chemical reaction. Perhaps this only occurs with homemade yogurt that has live cultures, don't know.  Whatever results from its contact with that screen is not anything you should be eating.  It tastes like lead. I'm really disappointed. The screen was well washed twice and still ruined the yogurt.  There's no way I'm going to keep throwing money (and lots of time) down the drain hoping things improve with subsequent batches.  This device is going in the trash.  If I still had the box and receipt, I'd return it.  I'm very unhappy.
Arrived with a scratch right through the coating which looked paper thin.  Based on another review (item is now made in China) I wonder if this isn't the same quality it used to be?
i can't wash it in the dishwasher. it rusts if left wet or unused.. to much work for me. i threw it out once it rusted. too bad.
We thought this was a great product, for the two months that it actually worked.  We received it on April first, and by June 12th, it was no longer able to open cans.
Before I bought this, I used to use a regular spoon.  I would leave rock hard ice cream on the counter to soften.  More often than not, I would forget about it, and would return to an inedible soupy mess.  This scoop can go right through rock hard ice cream, without much effort.  Don't want to know what the special chemical coating is, cause it sure works well.  No rusty springs, no malfunctioning parts.POST SCRIPT 2011 - It is year three, and flakes of the special coating on the spoon part are coming off.  It is scary.  I am buying a different brand.  Never again.  I expected lifetime use.  Was I naive.
With three cats that like to throw up everywhere, I am constantly cleaning spots out of my carpet. I have aBISSELL Spotbot Pet Handsfree Spot and Stain Cleaner with Deep Reach Technology, 33N8A, but really don't like the circles it leaves in the carpet. I have been in search of another machine that has the same cleaning power as the Spot Bot, but doesn't leave the tell-tale circles behind.The Bissel Spotlifter has some good qualities, but overall, I do not recommend this machine because of major flaws that render it useless.PROS:+ Long cord+ Easy to fill solution tank+ LightweightCONS:- Small solution tank (not a huge con since this is supposed to be a handheld model)- Small dirty water reservoir (not a huge con since this is supposed to be a handheld model)- A BIG CON - The solution sprayer is activated manually by squeezing the lever repeatedly, which is a pain the butt and your hand. In addition, the sprayer releases very little solution for your effort.- The BIGGEST CON - The machine does not have enough suction power to suck up the solution from the carpet. Yes, I did hold it at the correct angle and applied the correct amount of pressure.
Well, I am sending my new Hoover SteamVac back after only one use. I was so thrilled yesterday when I finally got my product put together (which was really quite easy) and the first time I used it, I though "self", this is great! It worked like a charm and it picked up so much dirt that I was utterly amazed at how well it worked. Well, the honeymoon lasted one use! Today, I went to finish the job and clean the living room (I cleaned the dining room yesterday) and now I have a soaked carpet and the thing will not suction. I read all the directions, did everything, took all the pieces I could take off and cleaned them again (I had already done that) and nothing. It even sounds different today than yesterday.So, that is when I called Hoover. They told me that they get 200 calls a day (!!!!!!) regarding this same problem and it is that the return tank is very "touchy" and it has to be just right in order to get a suction. Well, I did everything they said to do, twice, and no dice. It did not work. They said the only thing left to do was to take it to a repair shop. Well, the repair shop is only about a mile from my house but the repair person said that it would be at least 2-4 weeks and possible more to get the repair done if a new part is needed. A NEW PART? The thing is brand new! Used once! I asked her if I should send it back to Amazon, she said she could not tell me what to do but also reminded me again about the length of time to get the thing fixed.I took that as a sign and cleaned the machine as best I could, reboxed it, and UPS is to pick it up tomorrow. The other thing that drives me crazy is that the front nozzle area that picks up the water to go to the return tank cannot be taken off to clean it. I did the best I could and I really would have liked to get it spotless, but that is never going to happen. With the rented Rug Doctor, you can take everything apart and clean and I like that aspect. I have to say that when this machine worked, I was amazed (and it out-cleaned the Rug Doctor) but I really do not want to spent $134 plus cleaning solution costs to clean only one room!Unfortunately, maybe I did my homework too well. All of the consumer reports said this was the best with the least problems. I was going to get a Bissell as my Bissell vacuum cleaner is excellent. I think I will try one more time when I get my refund, puchase the Bissell from Amazon. I will not puchase another Hoover - 200 calls a day to customer service convinces me that there must be a problem!
Well I am sorely disappointed after reading all the reviews about this machine. It took over 45 minutes to put together and worked for all of 10 minutes before the handle release mechanism cracked off in the mody of the machine. There are almost no metal parts to this except the bolts that hold the handle on. It was poorly packaged by the manufacturer and then shipped in the original box by Amazon allowing for damage. I suspect the housing of the machine was cracked before I ever started using it. The handle wouldn't stay up very tightly and if the handle doesn't stay in  place the machine doesn't work right. Once again, another very unappealing purchase.
I bought this Brita water filter pitcher to filter water for my Keurig coffee maker and it does a great job of doing it. wished I would have bought this a long time ago instead of wasting money on bottled water. this pitcher is slim and does not take up much room in the refrigerator. this does not hold much water only about 40 ounces but I'm happy with it.(UPDATE)  looks like I spoke to soon on this Brita water picture. well the filter is now leaking black carbon sand like pieces into the filtered water. I didn't notice it until after I filled my brand new Keurig coffee maker with the water from this pitcher and started brewing coffee the machine started to make a grinding noise. I turned off the coffee maker and dumped out the remaining water that's when I noticed the black sand like pieces in the sink. I then looked in the bottom of this pitcher and noticed the bottom was full of the stuff. this sand stuff screwed up my new $$$ coffee maker I'm very POed about this junk and what it did to my keurig coffee maker. and YES I did follow the directions word for word before using this brita filter.
Very poor quality product but for the price it let me test out firsthand a brita product. I do not recommend this at all. It is very cheaply made and a lousy design.
How come the Pyrex and Kimax labware I have will keep the graduate marks on them through hideous chemicals and severe dishwashing and the Pyrex measuring cup for my kitchen lost ALL of its markers after 2 trips through a HOME dishwasher?I bought this because the 55 year old one from my mother had lost all of its markings.  Now this new one is just as useless.
I ordered this pizza stone from my new Breville Smart Oven.  I needed a 13" pizza stone, but not a larger stone.  This product arrived in good condition and very quickly, and looks like it would be perfect.  However, the stone does not fit into the oven.  It just barely doesn't fit.  Taking out a tape measure and measuring the stone, it is 13" on the very top (surface) of the stone, but the thickest part of the stone is probably about 13.25 inches -- the center/middle of the stone.  This was enough to make it not fit the oven; I couldn't close the door completely.  Frustrating, because it was very close!The surface is 13", but it widens in middle by just a few tenths of an inch before being 13" on the bottom again.  Close enough for most ovens if you are looking for a 13" stone, but if you need one EXACTLY 13" to fit a space -- this is not for you.
I bought the Zoji because I'm gluten intolerant and thought it would be great to have a machine that I could program to make the gluten free breads.  I've tried to get it to make a loaf that is evenly browned, but it just doesn't want to.  All my loaves are extra dark, not burned, but really well done and then the tops are not even browned.  The heat doesn't seem to circulate well.  It's not worth the money, in my opinion.
I had several questions concerning this machine ie: has the issue of pan warping, the flaking of the non stick, and the leaking of lubricants been addressed in X-20.  This has been a serious issue with the V-20.  I used their web-site for questions and comments. I recieved no reply.  After further investigation it appears that this was NOT remedied.  I tried calling four different times----after extreemly long waiting periods, I gave up.  The Breadman Professional Series Model TR2200C is a comprable machine.  My questions were replied to immediatly.  Knowing that both bread makers are rated very high I chose to go with the Breadman.  There is a considerable price diffenence too----the Breadmans cost is about half.  Consumers Reports did rate the Breadman the best of all the models tested.  Customer ratings at Amazon indicate both machines to be equally satisfactory----both are very good units.  If ZOs' customer service was up to par I probably would have ordered the X-20.  I find it very irritating that a company does not have time for potential customers, and especially after you purchase their mdse.  If you are willing to put up with this aggravation you would probably be buying a good machine.
the magnet didn't stay on - i glued it 2ce until it fell of and broke- waste of money but besides that i loved it and wished they made a better one.
Have had this thing for six months and have to say that we are pretty disappointed because based on advertisement and so many positive reviews we expected A LOT more.Good:1. fun to watch for the first month.2. impressive movement technology (excludes vacuuming).3. does a better job than a broom and pan when new.4. let it go and leave (kind of...not really).Bad:1. no way this thing vacuums well enough for a standard house carpet. not even close. borderline false advertisement. we only use it on the laminate floors.2. to say it can vacuum a carpet that pets have been on is TOTALLY bogus. don't care what brush attachments you have on. we have two black labs and a cat and this thing is worthless on carpet. anyone who says it works well with pet hair is either lying or just a plain slob that doesn't care.3. can not just turn on and go. it gets stuck on any number of things including cords (including its own charge station cord), drapes, sloped furniture legs, toys, etc. basically have to stage the room for vacuuming or be around to watch it.4. loud, loud, loud. plan on being in another part of the house if not outside.5. takes a long time to clean.6. doesn't always self dock properly so you have to park it yourself or it might not be charged the next time.7. total pain in the butt to clean. dust/dirt gets into the unit and is pretty much impossible to get out. i have to use an air compressor every month and am not sure everything is out.8. way overpriced.9. doesn't always respond to the remote control.10. docking station is an eyesore.it's a great idea but needs a lot of work especially for the price.1 year Update:  battery pooping out after just one year.  stops running after less than 15 minutes.  takes at least 30 to clean a small room.Worst household purchase i have ever made!
I chose this one based on price and no other criteria.  It's small and the element turned green so I chucked it.
Although I've owned this kettle for several years I stopped using it shortly after purchasing because the water boiled in the kettle has an off-flavor. I've done all kinds of things to try to clean the kettle but it seems to be due to the materials used in its constructions. It's inexpensive and fast but I'm sorry to say that it's now in the trash. I'd like my teas and coffees to taste the way they're meant to taste and if I go to the trouble of filtering my water I see no point in boiling it in this kettle.
I can't tell you how disappointed I am with this KitchenAid mixer. They used to be considered top of the line but I don't believe  they're  made for the long haul. I bought mine knowing it would be handed down to my kids but now it sits collecting dust while I figure out if it's worth repairing. I was able to get a few good years out of it but then the motor began straining under the pressure of a double batch of cookie dough and there is a definite burning smell emitting from the top. The lift no longer glides up and down but drops with a thump and the paddle seems to be hitting the bowl in one area. I have tried adjusting the screw to no avail.  The finish held up remarkably well so that's a plus but the mass manufacturing of KA will be their downfall. I can not recommend KA Pro mixers if you want a quality product for years to come. It has been a huge failure!
I left this on a red hot handle on my pan, left the kitchen for five minutes and smelled something burning, came into the kitchen and this was smoking a foul black smoke which was coming from INSIDE of this. That's right, the inner fabric on this smolders and smokes when it gets hot. The entire house within five minutes was filled with a noxious black lung choking smoke and it didn't stop until I put this under running water. I am glad it was not on any longer or it might have ignited into flames. This was smoke like when a petroleum storage container catches fire, which I have seen. It sends up huge quantities of black choking stinking smoke. Whatever the lining material of this is, it is obviously petroleum based polyester which cannot withstand high heat.Here it is, fifteen minutes later, with all the windows open and ceiling fans on at high speed and my eyes still burnand lungs still struggle to breath. The stench has permeated the entire house.Let's see the features listed:"Thick terry lining feels comfortable against the skin" (against the skin? the lining? This is what caught fire, the lining, simply from being in contact with a hot handle.)"Scorch-proof coating protects against steam burns" (This was too hot to touch and had to be removed by grabbing it with a pot holder. Of course, it was ON FIRE so that was why it was hot.)"Resists temperatures up to 450 degrees F" ( Not true. It caught fire at 400 degrees.)
For years I had a hand crank machine with a cannister you put in the freezer to freeze. I got many, many years of excellent service out of this manual unit. My wife and I would frequently make ice cream, and we really enjoyed it because we could make healthy and delicious frozen treats with lower fat and sugar content. One day when cleaning the cannister I damaged it. We decided to "upgrade" and purchase this automated Cuisinart unit. We liked the idea of not having to hand crank it, we believed Cuisinart to be a quality brand, and we thought the unit looked stylish and attractive.What we found is that this unit will make ice cream  . . . sort of. The issue is that compared to our old one, this one makes very, very runny ice cream. The canister does not have enough cooling capacity and can not make a reasonably firm batch of ice cream. The mixture comes out runny, and with about the consistency of a smoothy. We found it necessary to put the ice cream in the freezer to thicken/harden it after coming out of this unit. I understand that these units do not make hard, solid frozen ice cream, but compared to the manual unit I had before, and compared to the old school hand crank/ice/salt units, I found this unit to produce an unacceptable product.
I've been using this product for about 3-4 months now.. and eggs blew up twice.  Seems you have to keep with the same brand/size of eggs or if you buy another brand (even if the same size), they'll take less/more time and then blow up in a microwave.  Very scary to hear the huge BOOM and extremely unreliable!  After the blow up, the microwave is very hard to clean - but the worst is the top part of the egg cooker, blown up egg sticks to it and nothing will scrape it off.. i finally threw out mine!
So.  All-Clad: great name, great reputation.  This crock pot doesn't live up to it.My unit heats very unevenly.  Meat comes out either tough or super mushy, when it hasn't in machines that cost an eighth of the price.  For the amount you're going to pay, I expect food to be cooked very well.There are very limited features, also.  There's no hole for a temperature probe, and while the stainless chassy is lovely to look at, there really isn't much you can do programming-wise.  It's a shame, because this had the potential to be amazing.  Cuisinart's crock pot looks far better overall - or even the new InstaPot machine that can act as a crock pot or a pressure cooker.If you've got the dosh and are looking for a nice high-class kitchen appliance, skip this and check out a Cuisinart, Breville, or an InstaPot.
One would expect with the name All-Clad behind it and a price to match, this would be the nicest slow cooker on the market. Instead I was shocked upon unpacking it to find little dimples and chips in the ceramic insert, particularly on the bottom. I've never seen such issues with a slow cooker directly out of the box before. The size is also an issue for me, it's very wide making it difficult to use the slow cooker bags that I like to use for easy cleanup. This is the first slow cooker I've had that they don't fit into. I also did not like the controls, there is not enough contrast to read them easily if you have a fairly dim lit area that you are using the cooker in. It lacks features some other cheaper slow cookers include like a built in meat thermometer. Finally, the temperature on low was too high. It cooked my meal too fast, making the meat tough and hard to chew. No way I would recommend this to anyone, even if it was 1/4 the price!
The first one sent to me arrived rusted and corroding around the cups.  The replacement arrived considerably better but, still with signs of rust around the rings.  At $4, you certainly get what you pay for...  Second one is going back for a refund this time.
After being pleased with the Dirt Devil Air Power Stick Vac I was excited to try out the Wet/Dry Cordless Hand Cleaner.  That excitement was short-lived.This thing has the poorest suction.  I know handhelds in general have a poor reputation but I find it a bit arrogant for Dirt Devil to have dubbed this "Extreme Power".  One of the reasons I wanted it was to clean up the daily cat litter mess my cat leaves for me.  If the litter is fairly dry it will get some of it up but if it is on the wet side (and those of you who have cats know what I am talking about) it won't pick it up!  The most impressive thing it picked up for me so far was some flour that had spilled on the floor.  But one would expect that to be an easy cleanup right?  Well, cleaning the debris collector and filter after THAT was not fun.The vacuum comes with a wall mountable charger base.  I haven't bothered to attach it to a wall however because it rarely leaves the closet where it resides.I will keep looking for a handheld that might actually do the job.  Until then I will use my broom and dustpan and paper towels.
Using this board is like trying to cut food on top of something that has been oiled.  It even feels like it leaves oil on your fingers when you touch it.  A good cutting board will be slightly dulled and will  somewhat grip food so that it doesn't slide while cutting. The food slides all over this board.  It's almost like cutting on glass but not quite as hard.  And I hope that EVERYONE knows not to cut on glass!My daughter who is a professional chef can't stand to cut on this board.  This board is a hard slippery piece of plastic,  and I wonder if it doesn't dull the knives  as well.  I bought this for my Mother who needed a cutting board, (not for myself)  and my daughter and I are both forced to use it when we visit my Mom.  It really takes the fun out of chopping and I think it was a total waste of money.  As far as keeping any chopping board from slipping,  simply put a damp kitchen towel between the counter and the board, and it will go no where.
Our first one got it's little electronic brain fried when the power went out right in the middle of brewing one day. I don't blame the coffee maker for this, I only bring it up to say if you spend the dough for a Keurig put it on a surge protecter.The replacement we got (thanks to the retail store's generous return/exchange policy) has finally died after almost 18 months. I won't bother with a detailed review about the expense and quality of K cups, other than to say if you decide to buy a Keurig get the "my K-cup" so you can use your own coffee. But I wouldn't do it. A $170 coffee maker that doesn't even last 2 years is unacceptable.
If you buy one of these, get it from Costco because they take everything back.  Keurig will replace it while under warranty but after that you are on your own.  And it will fail fairly quickly after about a year.  We have had four of these in our family, and the one with the longest longevity made it to almost two years, the others failed at just over the one year mark.  None were used for more than a couple of cups of coffee a day.  Followed every instruction for descaling, cleaning, tricks to make it work again.  No success.
?Using it for more than a year now, with the egg-poacher non-functional since six months. This is definitely a great product idea, only if it was made keeping longevity in mind. The toaster part is running perfect as expected, but the egg poacher stopped working after about six months of use. And I didn't saved the receipt to be able to return it to the store. It sucks to pay $40 for this fancy poorly manufactured product when you can buy a reliable 2-slice toaster for less than $15. Hope someone in this company is reading these reviews.
As other reviewers have noted, this mixer spins way too fast for practical use. To give you an idea of just how fast it is, the slowest setting is as fast as you would need for beating eggs. For anything doughy it just lacks the needed torque. Or in other words, speed does not equal power for churning something that is viscous.Save your money and buy something with more power.
My wife wanted to try this using  her regular Dunkin Donuts grounds.Easy to use, but very weak coffee.  To get a drinkable cup, used two separate brewings in the smallest of the 3 sized cups.  That means 2 scoops of coffee for one weak cup.  Including the cleanings between the 2 brews and after.  It would have been a lot easier to use  a regular brewer.If it wasn't included as a bonus in our purchase, we would have returned it.My wife likes Caribou Daybreak from the Keuring.  It's a weak but very drinkable cup of coffee.Thumbs up for Keurig K Cups.  Thumbs down for this contraption.
Got a LEMON! Had to return!  Put 4 brand new batteries in.....and would not work...no light came on total dud! Amazon sent UPS return label...and it was picked up from my front porch! ....so no hassel to return! I bought another item/set and Love them! Did not want to chance getting another lemon with this one!
***EDIT*** June 11, 2013- I navigated the Itouchless warranty maze. Numerous e-mails, scanning and sending my receipt, followup e-mail, and I am told I have to send back the old lid, pay them, and they will ship me a new lid or repair the old one.  ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME! I have to pay them to send the new lid and pay for return of my existing lid (about $12 according to USPS). This is simply horrible service.  The product worked for 5 months. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT unless you are ok with the warranty terms. If I could, this product would be rated zero stars and the customer service negative 10.*******************ORIGINAL REVIEW*******************I usually don't wait 5 months to review an item.  Instead, I review the item after a week or so of use, and usually go back and update a review if there is an issue, although you cannot change the number of stars in the rating scheme at that point.  This time, I am glad I waited.The garbage can worked fine for about 5 months then just stopped working.  Sounds like a gear is not engaging. This is only 5 months of limited, light duty, use. I am very surprised quite frankly.  To buy a product and only get 5 months of use out of it seems absolutely absurd by any standard.Now, I understand there can be deviations among reviewers.  But you have to ask yourself how many people are reviewing the product only after a few days versus how many wait 5 months or so.  Then, in the first case, how many reviewers actually come back to edit their review after a product failure. I venture to say very few do so.My wife's project this week is to make contact with the company and see how well they support their product.  It's simple, just send me a new top.  I will update my review after I see how the company responds.  At least, that way, you will know what to expect if you buy the product and it fails.  Check back in about two weeks for the update.
This tool is easy to use but it broke after 8 pineapple so give it 1 star. The bottom come loose and wont slice. Don't think I want to buy again and don't recommend it to anyone.  Checking the plastic version review and it broke easily too. Maybe that's why its so cheap and poor workmanship.  Don't buy it.  The five star reviews probably didn't slice more than 8 pineapple lols.
The B-70 appears to have a design defect on the LCD screen - it refers to modes that do not exist, such as "Brewing."  They should release an updated model with an LCD screen that more accurately describes the three modes it is capable of: "Making noise," "Clogging up," and "Shutting off, ha ha!"We've been through two B-70s in the last month (thanks to Costco's generous return policy), and are about to have to start in on our third.  I'm not willing to keep screwing over Costco with returns on defective products that are due to the manufacturer's poor design, so from here on out, Keurig is going to have to send me a new machine every time one of mine begins short-cupping and turning itself off (on average, after making about 10 cups of coffee).At least my B-60 lasted about a year before the design defects rendered it inoperable.  The B-70 lasts a laughable two weeks!  If the design trends continue, I expect the B-80 that they'll eventually come up with will include great features like "breaks before you even get it out of the box!"
Final Update-I'm done. I have received 4 brewers now and this last one is now starting to act up. I would avoid this particular brewer. Something has recently happened that has drastically affected this brewer. Ignore all of the old 5 star reviews and only concentrate on the most recent and you will see what I mean.We are going to try and return it again but we hope to get the lower end Mini or Elite. I have friends that have these and got them about the same time and they have yet had a problem. DO NOT BUY THIS USED FROM ANY OF THE OTHER SELLERS. They most likely have the same bum brewers and you will be stuck.update 4-14-2010I went through 3 brewers that all had issues with the pump. I have changed my review back to 4 stars because Keurig is a top notch company. To their credit they replaced my brewer 3 times without cost to me and gave me some free coffee for the trouble. They identified a problem with this platinum brewer's pump and stopped sale of the brewer until the issue was resolved. I have been using my new brewer without problem for 4 weeks now and I'm even using tap water. The other brewers had issues after 2 weeks or less so I think I have a winner. I know that this brewer has been redesigned because it performs differently now. I have noticed that when this new brewer pumps it starts the pumping with a burst which is noticeable by the sounds that each brewer made. It starts out strong for a second or two then slows down to a regular pumping. The old brewer would lazily pump at the same rate then stall and shut itself off. I think this new turbo pump has fixed this issue.I wish all companies stood behind their products like keurig has. As you can see from the reviews this brewer had a bad 6-9 months. I believe the issue has been resolved with the new pump and I would highly recommend this product  to anyone. FYI-if you are considering the brevell stainless unit you should know that the only difference between that brewer and the platinum is the stainless steel case. So unless you need stainless steel to match your kitchen you should get this platinum brewer instead and save some cash.Original review 2-18-2010 4 starsOK this is what happened. After about 2 weeks and 4 gallons of bottled water, the unit was starting to have trouble pumping water into the heater. FYI-It pumps twice during a brew. It pulls half of what it will use on the fist pumping then after the brew it will pump again. Ours got to the point where we would brew a cup then it would shut itself off during the second pumping. We would turn it back on. Brew another cup and it would shut itself down again. We noticed it was not pumping the same amount of water when it was new. So, something was blocking the flow. We are supposed to get a indicator when the unit needs descaling. That never showed up. So I did it any way. I actually had to do it twice to get it working again. Ever since descaling the unit it has worked flawlessly for the last 2 months and we have gone through about a dozen gallons of water. We are quite happy with the brewer now and I am surprising myself by giving it a positive review after the first month. What I discovered is that the unit was shutting itself down because it knew something was wrong. The built it safety devices would not pump the water if it did not detect enough flow during the pumping.So if your unit is doing the same thing don't freak out-descale it. preferably sooner than later. It is very simple and does wonders. We do ours every 2-3 months regardless if it needs it or not. We keep the unit on overnight and let the white vinegar sit in the unit. Just so you have a reference point We typically make 3-4 cups a day. If you make more than this you will need to descale more often.We absolutely love this unit and can't see going back to the mr coffee anytime soon. Some people have mentioned a noise problem. I find that hard to understand. Our Mr coffee gurgling and dripping is 10 times louder than the kuerig.Our fav flavors so far are Timothy's German Chocolate cake, Green mountain's breakfast blend coffee and Newman's own extra bold.Update: 3-2-2010I have changed this review to a 3 star product. For over 150 bucks for the brewer, I have to descale way to often. Even tho it still works, this is a nuisance that needs to be addressed by Keurig. Keurig Customer service has agreed and are shipping me a new brewer. There must be a bad batch of brewers that have been sold because the most recent reviews have leaned to the negative side and customer service did not even inquire much about the brewer. They simply told me they we sending me a new brewer. The customer service has been excellent so far. I hope this brewer works better than the last one as I am now very addicted to the german chocolate cake.
Got one that was red white and blue which I liked.Now...the instructions say 'a cooling gel that stays cool for DAYS' (my emphasis). Really?  This didn't stay cool for an hour and we have used similar items that stayed cool for at least four hours.To be honest the thick strips of terry cloth which we soaked in ice water and keep in the refrigerator between uses, work better than this item and they cost me $1.00 to make 10 from clean old thick bath towels.
I got this for myself for when I'm working outside on hot days in the garden or even playing with my 2 year old so that I can stay cool...well, it was a total waste! The packaging claims that if you soak this in cold water for 10-15 minutes, it will crystalize and be cold for DAYS. Days? How about 15 minutes! I followed the directions exactly and it went from totally flat to round like a hot dog, so I put it on and went outside and within 15 minutes it was room temperature/lukewarm! Basically you spend about as much time soaking it to get it cold as you spend using it! Not to mention the fact that your shirt will be damp around it even if you try to wring this thing out. This is not a long term cooling solution at all, though I do find it useful for when I get swelling on my toe from gout because I can easily wrap it around that for a few minutes to help the swelling go down.The fabric is so thin and feels really cheap - it's basically a skinny bandana. When it arrived, one of the seams already had threads that were undone! So the quality is very low. I received the American flag design (unfortunately you can't choose the color/design you want) and the red dye used on this, bled in the bowl - it looked like I'd soaked a bloody rag! Having to tie it around your neck in public too is pretty unattractive, so I didn't use this in public, just around the house/yard.If you're looking for something to keep you cool, this isn't it - it's cheaply made, overpriced junk! You could wet a paper towel and get the same result!
We have several other Cuisinart kitchen products which we've found to be dependable and stylish.  We purchased this microwave to complement these items.  We brought the microwave home and tried it out; it was five times louder than any other microwave we've had.  Sounded like some of the internal stainless steel parts or fan were loose.  Called Cuisinart and their customer service was clueless.  Wound up taking the microwave back to where we purchased it.  Found a GREAT DEAL on a COOKS MICROWAVE/CONVECTION at JC PENNEY on sale for $99.99 (1/2 price).  Works great and is so quiet you don't know it's on.
Tea kettle was purchased about 5 months ago, recently it started leaking - it actually rusted through right under the handle - water seeping out.  Very disappointing, especially with so many good reviews.
These worked well for about 2 weeks. Then EVERYTHING I hung with them fell off the walls. Sort of like dominoes. You would here a sytematic *thud* every few hours, as another picture fell off the wall. 8 items in total. NONE of them were heavy or even medium weight. We are talking small, thin pictures. 4 of the pictures were 4inches by 6inches and very lightweight.I would stick the pictures back on the wall and within a day they would fall again. I tried ew strips and the whole preparation process again, but I still had no luck. I even used extra strips.I followed the directions EXACTLY as written on the package. The sticky comes off of the wall, but not the picture itself. I don't know if it just doesn't like the paint used on my walls, or what.I am bummed.
I appreciate what OXO stands for - they try to make kitchen utensils that are usable for people with fine motor issues, like arthritis. And, in the process, they've produced some fine products even for the rest of us. This, unfortunately, isn't one of them.The premise of this spinner is simple - it translates an easy motion (pressing down on a wide plunger) into a difficult one (spinning a bowl). So far so good. And, the spinner does handle even heavy spins very well.However - while the outer bowl is stainless, the inner basket is plastic (and the lid is clear plastic), which eliminates any "non-plastic" advantage.Furthermore, the center post, which contains the spinning mechanism, extends down into the center of the bowl. That post isn't only plastic, it's plastic with screw and vent holes in it, and no way to take it apart for cleaning. The interior clear plastic lid can be taken off, but that's all. (And, as an added bonus, the first time I used the spinner dark shreds of plastic came out of the post into the bowl contents).Many people seem to like this spinner. If you are the kind of person who wants to thoroughly take apart and clean a kitchen device before using it, however, or if you're trying to live a plastic-free life, this won't be suitable.
Panasonic was a bad experience for me compared to all of the other shavers I've had. it is the hardest razor out there to use simply because you have to hold it perfectly 90 degrees to your face at all times or you don't get a good shave. Forget it if you have a two day growth you spend twice or three times as long shaving because it refuses to cut the longer hair and it pulls your beard when it bogs down (Ouch!). If I missed a shave I would actually break out my Mach 3 over the Panasonic because I didn't want to spend the extra time and pain to shave which is stupid I should just shave with a blade instead.I ended up with a Braun 9595 which I am completely pleased with. It IS the best shaver out there, Period. Stay away from Panasonic don't waist your money like I did.
(update: This review was updated on 11-2-09 after I got to compare the Bissell as well as add notes about the Ladybugg steamer at the bottom)I live in a neighborhood where EVERY home is "green built certified" this means that, to have that certification, the builder built no homes with carpet. All the main floors are polished concrete and the upper floors wood. The bathrooms all have tile and/or slate in every home.Because of this, as you could imagine, steam mops are quite the neccessity...not only because they get the hard surfaces better than anything else, but because they are also "green" and clean chemical free. I'll be honest, for us...that's a bonus but we weren't cleaning chemical free before. We like chemical free for our pet's paws but I'll confess I was mopping with chemicals before I got my steamer and just kept the pets out of the room while doing it because, up until then, I couldn't get it clean any other way.Okay, so that said...we decided to have a steamer show down to compare 5 different steamers because my friends and I knew as long as we are in these homes we are gonna have to have a steamer to get all these hard floors clean...we may as well figure out which one to buy next go round. Because my own home is graced with 2 cats, 3 dogs, and two gregarious cooks, my kitchen floor (which had not ever been cleaned by a steamer since my steamer had just arrived) was the testing spot.Mind you, I vaccuum twice per week and do a mega mop twice a week. I THOUGHT I had pretty clean floors in spite of my pet capacity.I thought wrong. These picked up dirt so well it's scarySo here's the results:1. steam mops are the mac daddys of clean floors. What these things picked up was tremendous and no comparison to my vigorous prior constant major mopping.2. So now I'll break down the elements of each mop we used and then go into more detail about each at the end.We tried out:"S": The shark by Europro"E" The Envirosteamer by Eureka"H" the haan steamer"M" the Monster"B" The Bissell Green TeaCORD LENGTH: so you don't have to stop and unplug and replug in somewhere else:Shark ( will be referred to as S):20 feetEnvirosteamer (will be referred to as E): 25 feetHaan: (will be referred to as H)19'8"Monster (will be referred to as M): 25 feetBissell (will be referred to as B) 17 feetSTEAM TEMPERATURE: this is a primary element. The hotter the steam, the more dirt picked up and hot steam will also kill parasites, mold and mildew and loosen more dirt:S 110 degrees. lameE 220 degrees. very hotH 212 degrees. very hotM 266 degrees. hottest...although the envirosteamer and haan seemed plenty hot enough. The shark didn't clean nearly as well and this was one reason. 110 degrees just isn't going to melt off stuck on grime.B 125 degrees. Note that, because of this low steam temperature the manual said that if I wanted to sanitize the floor or pick up caked on spills, I had to "hold the steamer on the spot for 15 seconds but no more than 20 because that could damage some floors". Now I don't know about you, but if I can sanitize with one swipe of the other steamers because of their sanitizing temps my floor will be done WAY faster...and I also don't have to carry a timer to worry about the extra 5 seconds where my wood floors could get damaged when I have to hold the Bissell for 15 seconds on my wood but no more than 20! My sink water is hotter than the Bissell so it would take less time to use a regular mop if I have to hold the steamer on every spot of my floor for 15 seconds to sanitize. Just sayinBUILD:We found how it was made corresponded with issues with the steamer. The Shark, for example, was quite flimsy and they actually sell replacement handle kits because so many people have issues with the handle breaking! We know this because my neighbor's shark broke and the store had a replacement handle kit on the shelf because he said "it happens often". That's an extra cost.Envirosteamer: Was 5.4 lbs which made it lightweight but strong enough that you didn't have to press down to clean. Very well made and strong partsHaan: not made as well as the envirosteamer but it's more expensive so this was a surprise. A bit flimsy and you need to press down on it more to clean at 3.15 lbs.Monster: hefty and well made at 9 lbs but a bit too heavy unless you want a good workout. (Note: They have changed the Monster handles on the mops now and they are all plastic and people are having breakage issues)Bissell: It's 8.4 pounds but that includes a water filter that you have to get for this one (see notes below)WATER CAPACITY: Very important because having to stop and add more water just adds on to the time you have to spend cleaning, especially if you are cleaning a hallway or livingroom or some other area that has no sink:S: only holds 10 oz of water. Lasted for 10 miinutes of cleaningE: holds 20 oz. of water. Lasted for  over 20 minutes of cleaning (we stopped at 20 and it was still going)H: holds 11.83 oz of water. Lasted for 13 minutes of cleaningM: holds 17 oz. of water. Lasted for 15 minutes of cleaningB: holds 13 oz of water, lasted for 12.5 minutes of cleaning AND you have to undo and remove the tank from the machine every time you fill it up then hook it back on and the steam tank is on the handle rather than the base so the steam doesn't flow directly out after heating up which may explain why it's not as hot once it leaves the machine. The way this mop is made the water flows past heating elements which can, according to Bissell, develop calcium deposits on it so this is the only mop where, because of this, you also have to use a water filter with it and replace the water filter when there is build up which means an extra 12 bucks every few months. The better mops are made to heat the water in a metal tank so this is not an issue and you pour the water directly into the tank.STEAM HOLES: We found a difference although you'd think they'd all be the same. The shark and Bissell only had one hole that the steam came out of so it wasn't cleaning things on the edges, just in one spot. All the others had steam coming from bottom and sides.SIZE: The taller it is the less stooping, the wider the mop head, the more it coversS: 40"Hx12"Wx7"D. Apparently built only for the height of a small child to push unless you want to bend over and push.E: 50"Hx13.25"Wx6.75"D  (the fact that this depth was smaller made it reach under applicances better...it fit better under things)H: 50.5x11.5x7.5M: 48x12.7.5B: 45.25H (this was uncomfortably short as well) x11 x8.4 (even though this didn't fit under cabinets because of the depth it did swivel the best)Conclusion of comparison: First it must be pointed out that, in order to use the shark and the Bissell, you had to keep pumping the water. This was the most annoying feature of anything...the others just steamed on their own and didn't wear out your fingers. Hated this feature of the shark and Bissell. We liked that the Monster and the Shark and Envirosteamer and the Bissell came with 2 cleaning pads rather than one. The Haan only came with one at the time of the review (I double checked since when she bought hers it was also only one and as of today, that hasn't changed) so that ups the price even more because I can't imagine only wanting one to clean. All worked well on sanitizing mattresses and showers. too.But the winner picked by all of us unanimously as the mop we want to have for our next steam mop order?The Eureka Envirosteamer. It picked up the most dirt, was made as well as the Monster but was less expensive, held the most water, emitted the most very hot steam so it sanitized as well and quickly wiped up caked on spills, lasted 3 times as long with one water resevoir fill-up as the others, and had a cord as long as the monster. BUT if you have carpets than I might recommend the Monster because it has a carpet attachment that allows you to steam clean your carpets and it picked up pretty close to the same amount of dirt as the Eureka Envirosteamer, and had close to the same features...a bit heavier though but that may make it last even longer. It is costlier, but to clean 2 surfaces I would think that might make it worth it.UPDATE: The Haan just started including 2 pads with the mop according to the product description page. Not that this changes our opinion since it didn't work as well and the parts were flimsier, but it should be noted that this issue of not having enough cleaning pads has now been resolved and is equal to the other mops.ANOTHER UPDATE: 1. The Shark came out with a new machine that holds more water and has a longer cord BUT it still only heats the water to 110 degrees so it won't sanitize or get rid of trapped grime at this "bathwater" temperature.Another update: I haven't tried it yet but was told about an even better mop than the Eureka Envirosteamer but I can't personally afford it...still, it's worth mentioning in case you can. It's called the Ladybug XL2300 and is a canister steam mop. It heats the water to 298 degrees (woah!) so it's a super sanitizer but it's over a thousand bucks. It also comes with 6 towels. I didn't include it in my review because I haven't ever tried it and I wanted to only include mops I personally tried but it's got great enough stats that, even though it's out of my price range, I thought I'd pass it on as a super sanitizer when I read about it.Also: Don't spend money buying extra pads for the Eureka. I was in a pinch and used a kitchen dish towel...the rectangular kind...just clip on both ends. It worked just as good or better...because they are thinner so the steam penetrates faster and therefore reaches the floor hotter. However, I would recommend still only using the thick pads that come with it for your wood floors just to be safe. But the super hot steam penetrating the dish towel worked excellent on tile and hard floors. Also, you can flip both the towel and the pads that come with it on the Eureka to double the usage...when it gets dirty, just flip it over and use the other side.  I use several old dish towels with this but I like best the kind that just have a bit of texture but no squares sewn on them...but they all work great. So do the pads.
I have been searching for a while for a basket strainer that will actually hold water in my sink. Several conventional stainless steel strainers have been tried and trashed. The one currently in use holds water only after fiddling with it several times.Then Mrs. Boilermate found this OXO sink strainer in BB & B, and based on OXO's reputation for good products she purchased it. At first it seemed like a good idea, but it has several drawbacks.Though it may be a minor detail, it doesn't hold water. This thing is more of a pain to try to seal the cheap stainless steel baskets. Because the basket is silicone it moves all over the place. Also the plug is more like a flat flap and doesn't really seat in the hole, but sort of sits on top of it. But the flap is only slightly bigger than the drain hole so centering it so it covers the whole hole is tricky because it is so flexible. More times than not it doesn't seal. I've even tried some of the tricks other reviewers have suggested, but I'll be darned if I can get this thing to seal reliably.Mrs. Boilermate has better luck getting it to seal than I do, but even she has to try several times to get it to hold water.Secondly, it fits over the drain rather than inside it, as most strainer baskets do. This means when you drain the sink there is a ridge around the drain and some of the little bits in the bottom of the sink don't make it to the strainer basket.Other reviewers have reported that it gets slimy after it's been used for a while. I don't expect this to be a problem because I don't expect to have it long enough. In short, this thing is just not worth the hassle and it's going in the trash.
This product was thought up by people in the Bodum marketing department trying to come up with a gift idea -- who wouldn't want a hot chocolate maker as a gift? The problem, is that making hot chocolate is very simple. All you need is a pot to heat the milk and whisk to stir in the chocolate powder or solids. This product is at best a serving piece. Do not buy.
Put your herbs in water in a jar or put them into a flat plastic container in the fridge and use them up as quickly as possible.  This item is a waste of money.
As a long time gardener who has dealt with the problem of how to keep my recently picked herbs fresh in my refrigerator, I'm sad to report that this product is a total waste of money.To do what this product does, all you need are the cylindrical plastic disposable food containers you get a supermarkets. Herbs last just as long in them. And since they have more volume, they work better.Save your money and use the containers form the supermarket.
Update (3/31/13):  When I received this Victorinox set as a review item, I thought it was a nice starter set that kept its sharp edge for a long time.  In fact, I still use these knives on a daily basis.  I liked the knives so much that I recently ordered a set for a relative.  The knife set came in yesterday, and what a disappointment!On 2 of 3 knives, the fibrox handle is substantially smaller & the knives don't have the weight that the original set has.  The paring knife is a joke - it feels like one of the cheap grocery store knives that you can buy for one dollar.  In fact, I looked for the name "Victorinox" on the handle because I was sure that the knife had been switched out. No, Victorinox was on the handle of this appallingly cheap knife.  The slicer knife is no better.  It is a different shape & much more lightweight.  The chef knife still has the same weight & a slightly different handle grip.  Overall, the set is a complete and total disappointment. I would be embarrassed to give these as a gift.  They are going back.Victorinox has a loser in this set.  They need to think about quality & go back to the old design.  Pictures are posted of old design/new design (new design on the left, old on the right).________________________________________________________________________________________________________This Victorinox set comes with the following knives:8" Chef - 405208" Slicer - 405344" Utility (Parer)- 40811I received this set right before Thanksgiving, so all 3 knives were put to a test immediately.  They were a joy to use. All knives were razor sharp and cut quickly and easily through both raw & cooked food.At first I was dubious about using the knives because I have small hands and feel more comfortable using small knives.  The Victorinox utility knife size is a little larger than the paring knife I've used for years. But, after using the Victorinox for just one cooking session, I've now converted to the Victorinox.  The paring knife's handle is just slightly bigger than my grip and my hand is able to get a good grip on the handle.The Chef knife has a flatter handle, so it is easier to grip (the handle is more flat than rounded). The length of the grip is the same as the utility knife.  The knife isn't too heavy or bulky and I find it easy to use.The Slicer handle is ever so slightly rounder than the Chef knife handle & seems equivalent to the utility handle.  The grip is the same length as the rest of the knives.  The metal portion is slightly longer than the Chef knife, so the Slicer appears to be a fairly long knife, and, for me, just a little too long to handle precisely (my spouse likes this knife).The Fibrox handles were new to me, but they did as advertised and my damp hands did not slip when I was slicing & chopping. They feel plastic-ey, but are probably more sanitary than wood handles. It didn't take much time getting familiar with the handles and use of the knives.All in all, this is a good, go-to knife combination for its price point.  Hand wash and hand dry and this set should last for a long time.Recommended.
I had great hopes for this vacuum, and was thrilled to receive it as a review item. However, it did not meet my high, or even my low expectations. The quality is very poor, the parts are of flimsy material and are easily scratched, dented, and even easily broken. I suppose that I had expected something a bit more like a Dyson, the color and design, plus the clear plastic which allows you observe the fill of the dirt compartment were obviously meant to evoke a whiff of Dyson.I would recommend saving your money and getting a real Dyson, which can be had for $299 at certain times on Amazon. This Dirt Devil has weak suction power, in no way comparable to Dyson, or even other "regular" vacuums. The cord is very thins and easily crimped while vacuuming, a big problem. The vacuum does not vacuum very well on stairs or in tight corners, and it is difficult to rapidly change directions, also- it is heavy.This vacuum has a cheap appearance, and the build quality is quite poor. The main function of a vacuum is to vacuum, and this Dirt Devil doesn't even do that very well. Try a Kenmore, that is a good and well-functioning vacuum. But, my best recommendation, is to buy a Dyson, either the Dyson with the ball, which makes it a dream to use in tight areas, or the other, cheaper Dyson machines, with regular wheels. The suction quality of those is spectacular, well worth the money. Unfortunately, this Dirt Devil just does not make the grade.
UPDATED 2/28/13:I can with all honesty and fervor say that I hate this machine.  The whole purpose why I wanted this canister vac was for the hose/power nozzle attachment.  The handle was bad enough, coupled with the fact that the hose twists into the oddest directions and makes it very difficult to hold.  I have now found that the hose does NOT suck up swept up piles of dirt like my old EXPENSIVE Dirt Devil from nearly 8 years ago would/did.  I have hardwood floors and rather sweep and suck up corners of dirt.  This garbage, literally pretends to suck up and when you move spits it all out.  I took apart the housing, canister and attempted to remove the hose from that darn handle to no avail.  There is no clog, yet this thing spits dirt back out.  When testing with your hand, there is suction, but yet not strong enough to pick up dirt.  I am starting to think that it is because of the heavy, clunky handle; it can not flow properly.  DO NOT RECOMMEND!  Stay away.I say ergonomic because of the shape you believe that it will be comfortable to maneuver.  Wrong!  We have had our vacuum cleaner for about 8 years.  It has seen a lot of dirt, hair and whatever 4 pets, 3 kids and 2 adults can throw at it.  As of today it still operates but different plastic parts have broken off and the filters are beyond being saved.  That is a machine that I would gladly re-buy today if it was still available.  This Dirt Devil; I would not.  Since moving into this apartment where there are hardwood floors throughout, I have wanted a canister vac where I could sweep the mess into the center and suck it up.  I find that vacuum cleaners tend to scratch the surface of hardwood floors.I was excited when I saw that the arm is telescopic.  I can reach the top of my curtains or cabinets if I desired.  Then came the part of putting everything together.  In my mind, starting from 5 stars, we were now on 4.  Detaching and reattaching is just a bit cumbersome at the end of the day.  For instance, when you attach the bottom to actually vacuum rugs, you not only need to fit it onto the telescopic handle, but you also have to plug it into the side of the canister.  My parent's old Eureka canister vac from the 80's was like this.  It is 2013, yet the styling and design mimics and is extremely reminiscent of the 70/80s.  That is not what I want in a household product.I loved the fact that you are able to tote along all the little attachments that inevitably disappear with other vacuum cleaners.  There is a small contraption that attaches to the telescopic pole.  The bad side to this is that it makes the handle just a bit heavier.  This is a bagless machine with a rather small canister.  The filter in the center of the canister CANNOT be washed.  It should be vacummed :) per their instructions.  There is another filter behind the mechanism that can be washed.  The light bulbs can be replaced on this model if necessary.  I experienced a bit of trouble when it came time to remove the canister and empty it.  You need to lift the top of the vacuum and press a button that will allow you to lift out the canister.  We lose another star, which brings us to 3 because the automatic rewind electric cord is only 18ft long.  My old model had a 24 ft one.  This is necessary for stairs.Finally we lose the last star because for my purpose this machine is just too clunky!  My husband, self and 10 year old daughter used it and came to the same conclusion.  The handle without the head attached is just too weird and large to lug around.  The handle is HUGE; so huge that I believe I would rather hold it from the pole.  It's not easy to maneuver around and then you find that the canister drags behind you.  When I attached the carpet roller piece, we used it on a rug that has not been cleaned in many months and had much litter on it.  It didn't do so great with the litter or pet hair.Do not recommend unless you go to your local store and actually feel the handle.  It's plastic and it's heavy.  The roller doesn't allow maximum suction.  Stay away from this dud.
There's a price quality ratio that is critical when you buy things. At $150 this is a rather poor purchase. At $80 it is just barely worthwhile. At $35 it would be exactly a good value for the price.This particular waffle iron is definately NOT "professional grade" as this product is described. It is incredibly light weight, way over packaged, and just feels cheap.Inside the box - the waffle maker (grounded three prong plug), a drip tray, measuring cup, and instructions / recepie book.My particular sample arrived with a cracked base. No big deal, I'm pretty handy, 6 screws and I got to see the inside of this unit. The silver base is styrene plastic (good for me, since I could glue the crack), the wiring inside is light weight (certainly safe, but not professional grade by any stretch), and the black base is a more flexible plastic. On the outside you'll notice the handle is a very cheap plastic. The two metal stands are thin metal. The griddle itself is non-stick coated. The drip tray is relatively thin metal. The temperature controls and on/off switch are cheap "parts bin" items. And the rotation just feels cheap.This unit is nothing like the ones you may have seen in hotels at continental breakfasts. I would guess this particular "professional" waffle maker would last maybe one day in heavy use.At $150, there are much much better waffle makers. At $80 there are better:Krups FDD912 Expert Waffle Maker with Rotary SystemSadly, I just can't recommend this waffle maker at this price.
My husband and I bought this cleaner about one year ago. We have only used it twice, and my grandmoth used it once. Then the brush stopped spinning, and it stopped spraying water and solution to the floor. We replaced the brush, and it started spinning again, but still no spray. I took it completely apart and could find no clog, and it seemed that the pump and everything was still working. Then, I turned to the heating element that heats the water. I opened it up, and it was full of crusty gunk. I cleaned that all out, and it started spraying again. The only thing with this cleaner is that for a carpet cleaner that is supposed to be for "pets", it doesn't exactly do a very good job. We've had several puppies over the years so there have been serveral puppy accidents. I would always put the cleaning solution on heavy traffic and go over the carpet in a slow motion. Making sure to suck up as much fluid as I could, when I would get down to smell the carpet, it would still have a urine smell to it. It would take several times of shampooing the carpet and letting it dry to get out the pet smells. I would recommend another cleaner NOT this one.
After less than three months, this machine failed. It kept sealing the bags before all the air was out, and there was no way to prevent it because the pump would stop sucking out the air before it was really done, which told the heater it was time to seal. UGH. To have this happen after three months of fighting with it to get the machine to even accept the bag properly, and having bags continually leak because of an incomplete seal--not to mention all the bag waste--was the last straw.Just don't bother. Really.
First off I found the styling of the vacuum handle to be uncomfortable to hold. It was awkward to manuever and the only plus was the positioning of the power button. Most importantly it took a lot of work to get a small area clean. I tried it on a 2x3 area and after repeatedly going over and over it, I could still see visible pieces of loose dirt. Also, if using it to pick up anything aside from hair it is just as likely to spew it back at you as it is to suck it up, which of course just draws out the cleaning process (not to mention aggravating allergies with the added dirt flying in the air)
I was so excited to try this carpet cleaner, but it was a disappointing experience. It was easy to assemble, and has a pleasing design.  We decided to try it on our tiled laundry room floor first.  There were a couple of lightly muddy footprints that we went over and over and over before the machine was able to clean them off.  I assumed the roller would act as a buffer and whisk any light soil right off, but it's too soft to be effective, I guess.  As far as carpet goes, we tried it on our berber style living room carpet, but it didn't seem much cleaner at all. It did dry a little faster than my Hoover F5914-900 SteamVac, but what does that matter when it only cleans a fraction as well? The brush attachment appears to work best, but it's an awfully big machine to have if the only effective part is a small attachment.
I have a Bissell Spot Bot and I purchased a Bissell 9400 ProHeat 2X Select Upright Deep Carpet Cleaner for my boyfriend; both are superb products!  However, I cannot phathom what Bissell was thinking when they produced this carpet cleaner.  I tried it on an area of carpet that was only slightly dirty; but the results were very disappointing.What they got right:- Easy assembly- Sleek vacuum design- Useable power tools (power nozzle is good)- Easy carry handle- Excellent power cord holder- Nice power cord release mechanism (no need to unwind cord from power cord wrap because you can just release the latch to drop the cord to the floor)- Vacuum powers itself nicely along the carpet so there is hardly any pushing action required by the userWhat they got terribly wrong:- The soft  PowerRoller doesn't clean; it's excellent on hardwood floors but that is not what this vacuum was designed for.- The carpet does not dry in 30 minutes as stated UNLESS you hardly use any solution.  Without using much solution, you might as well blow on the carpet with your mouth to try to dislodge the dirt because the results would probably be the same--which is no cleaning.- The solution tank leaks around the cap when filled appropriately.  I tried several times to reseal the cap but there was always some solution seepage.- The dirty water collector tank also has water seepage even if you don't go above the fill line.- I tried for 45 minutes to clean about a 6 x 7 area of carpet and it still looked as dirty as when I started.  I then used the power tool and some elbow grease and tried again which gave me better results but still not good enough.  My Bissell spot bot can clean the same area wonderfully but not this vacuum.- By the time the hot water reaches the carpet it is either lukewarm or too cold to be of any cleaning use.In summary, if the Bissell didn't leak all over, this vacuum would be excellent (but perhaps overkill) for cleaning a wood floor because the cleaning pad buffs up things nicely (I tried it my wood floor).  However as a carpet cleaner, you would get better results by wetting a washcloth with warm water, applying some soap, getting down on your hands and knees and using some elbow grease to clean your carpet.
I was very enthused to try the Bissell 7350 out. I have always adored carpet cleaners and greatly treasure their usefulness. We have between 2-4 cats and we both work from our home, so the quality of our air is very important to us. We have tried out many carpet cleaners over the years, from several manufacturers, with varying levels of success.The one we use currently is the Bissell ProHeat Select 9400M, so a similar shaped model but with actual brushes on the front instead of this "paint roller" gadget. I was curious to see how this 7350 compared with our ProHeat. We assembled the 7350 very quickly and set it up to give it a try. First we thoroughly vacuumed the carpet - a nice, low berber carpet, ideal (one would think) for use with this non-scrubby system. After the vacuuming we thoroughly went over the carpet with the 7350. The water that came up was only the mildest color. There was pretty much no "dirt" or such in the resulting liquid. Stains on the carpet seemed completely untouched.Then I waited a day so that the carpet could dry thoroughly - and I went over the exact same carpet with our regular Bissell ProHeat. The water came up VERY dark with a lot of dirt in it. It was clear that the 7350 had done nothing at all on the carpet. Even the second pass with the ProHeat - with water only - brought up a darker color water than the Bissell 7350 had done on its very first pass.Remember, this was on a low carpet. The "paint roller" front couldn't get into that low carpet to get the dirt out. If someone was using this on a thicker carpet, I doubt it would do much of anything at all.We then tried the 7350 on our linoleum kitchen floor. The thought being that the floor was nice and flat and the paint roller front might have at least half a chance cleaning that surface. The 7350 did actually do reasonably well on the floor, taking up some light mud but failing if the mud was anything clingy. Also, because it is so "high" as a unit it doesn't fit underneath the standard overhang of the cabinet bottoms, so you would have to do all of those lower areas by hand. These are areas our Scooba fits into very nicely without any issue.As bad as this all was, it really wasn't the worst part. The worst part was by far the noise. We have a Scooba and Roomba which we love, and those are about 80db. Our BissellProHeat is louder, at about 90db. However, this Bissell 7350 is not only an ear-shattering 110db but has a high pitched shriek to it which is nasty. Anyone who uses this in their home should not only be wearing ear protection but ensure that any young kids or pets are far away. Their ears are far more sensitive to damage than adults' ears are.There's also a leakage problem with the tank, but really in the end that is the least of your worries. And while it has a "power wheel driver" which is supposed to make it easier to push, Instead, it yanks the unit out of your hand at too quick a pace, meaning you actually have to "pull back" on the 7350 so that it goes at a good, slow pace to clean the carpet. It makes it hard to control what you are doing.In fact, in playing with the unit it doesn't seem like it even actually "vacuums" the carpet. What it seems to do is spray water onto the roller - then roll the soft, wet paint roller over the carpet to "mop at it" like you might do with a wet towel. Then it vacuums the *paint roller* to get the water or dirt off the roller that might have gotten picked up on its pass. Which pretty much explains why it can't get in-deep dirt or do much at all.Add onto all of this that you are supposed to replace the roller every six months - probably having to buy a special item directly from them. So if they stop making that roller, you're out of luck. Also, because you pre-mix the solution into the water from the beginning, you can't do a "rinse pass" as you do with other units. You can only do a soapy pass and then hope you've gotten it all up.I would definitely NOT recommend buying this unit. I would recommend their ProHeat 9400M as being awesome, and it is really odd to me that the same manufacturer came out with two such different ends of the spectrum. I can't even think of who I would give this to, between it working so poorly and its eardrum-damaging noise.
I really wanted to like this kettle:  visually appealing, heavy, sturdy, and a brand that I've been pleased with in the past.  Unfortunately, the thing was a nightmare to use:  constant error messages telling me that the pot was too full or not full enough, when it was just below the maximum fill line, and more error messages when I would try to adjust the temperature.  I also thought the pot would maintain a constant temperature throughout the day, but it shuts off after 20 minutes or so.  That's actually a safety feature, not a defect, but if you want something that will keep the water warm for several hours, you should look for another kettle. One final point:  this is a heavy kettle, so you might want to think twice before you get it for someone who is frail or has arthritis.
This is a review of Sodastream as a company, not the particular product. They simply cannot handle their success, despite raising prices they cannot keep up with orders. Since you're locked in to their system, and the chances of not being able to get refills is very high, this is at best a risky purchase, at worse - if they go out of business - a total waste of money. I am now trying to get my money back from them, since they could not fill my order and did not tell me there would be a delay. Caveat emptor!
When I got the SodaStream Starter Kit unpacked, I was immediately disappointed to see that all of the syrups included artificial sweetener, not just the diet ones. In fact, every SodaStream SodaMix (except for the myWater products) contains Sucralose, which I don't like the taste of; however, it is better than Acesulfame K, which appears in most of the syrups as well.  It is funny to me that SodaStream makes a big deal about not using high fructose corn syrup.  Worse yet is that SodaStream advertises the syrups with Sucralose as naturally flavored and only deems the syrups containing Acesulfame K as naturally and artificially flavored.  Sucralose is, in fact, an artificial sweetener.I decided to at least give the flavors an honest try since they have generally positive reviews.  After 5 different flavors produced extremely disappointing results, I chucked the remaining syrups into the trashcan.  I tried some third party syrups, but I didn't really like the results.  I even tried to make my own ginger ale with homemade simple syrup and grated ginger.  It was okay, but far short of a good store brand and not worth the effort.For me, SodaStreams Starter Kit felt like a novelty that worked as promised without delivering anything worthwhile.  I can easily find better and healthier sodas.  I like seltzer, but making seltzer with the SodaStream is actually more expensive (and laborious).  I honestly don't get why these are so popular and highly rated.  it might be cool if you could carbonate juice or wine, but that supposedly breaks the machine and probably produces unsanitary conditions after a few days.  Also, not that I care at this point, but SodaStream really should include a full size C02 canister.
oh,oh,lured by a big fancy review and a reasonable price I bought this. The price keeps dropping because it does not work! I like all the features, but I cleaned my small kitchen floor four times, and its still dirty. really bad.I have been borrowing a shark, for a year, and that floor would be clean now! the first time through!A fancy long review , with lots of numbers convinced me the shark was a poor buy. wrong , wrong, wrong.Also the tank runs down in about 6 mintues, the shark runs a lot longer. I can do my small kitchen 2x plus laundry , plus the small bathrooms on one shark, with one pass and they are clean, really. I have two shelties, and take in board and train dogs.I know mud on floors, I wear slippers in house, or go barefoot, so I want clean floors.the floor is was not clean after four passses, shark maybe two.what a unfun cleaner. I like the clips I like the feel, I ran it four times per amazon to get it to steam,, no steam just a fancy warm dishrag. now can I get it back in the box?the shark works great and I will buy one locally.*** two hours later, walked across kitchen floor, cleaned 4 times, still yucky, will beg amazon to forgive me and take this back.I am a long time honest reviewer, not a shoclk.next day tried again,again dirty floor, I can hold om hand onthe bottom of the steamer, and its not hot.I went to bimart, bought a shark mop, one minute to get it running, had pouring hot steam in two  mintues, burned my hand checking.Did the kitchen floor in one pass, bathroom , laundry room, lots of water to spare. The shark mop is perfect for my needs, and stores great. Ups will pick up the eureka.
We just tiled our whole house in porcelain tile, so I thought I'd give this Eureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer,313A a try.  Well, that was a colossal waste of money.  As others have noted, the first couple of tankfuls of water ran through the machine quickly.  After that, however, it held the water and (supposedly) worked.  However, I had been expecting gouts of steam to come shooting out of the machine to clean the floor.  Nope.  Instead, there was just a trickle of steam.  Plus, it actually takes longer to mop a large floor with this steamer than it does with a wet mop.  You have to be much more precise with your motions and refilling the reservoir takes longer than dipping a mop in water and wringing it out.  The biggest problem, though, is that the steamer just doesn't clean as well as a wet mop.  When I'm done mopping with a standard wet mop, the floor is clean.  With this steamer, I ran a wet cloth over the tiles after I was done and it came up dirty. As Scotty would say:  "The more they overthink the plumbing, the easier it is to stop up the drain."  Just buy a good old fashioned wet mop, save your self some money, and do the job right.I rate this steamer at a Bad 1 star out of 5.
Yes, this new stick vacuum works better than my expensive Oreck. No kidding...I used the oreck first, then went over the same area with this vacuum and there was dirt, litter,  and cat fur in the cup! OK, the only negative is that you have to empty the dirt cup often, That is if you live in a mountain town with 4 cats, or elsewhere with lots of dust/fur. Small price to pay for this ultra light-weight easy to use vacuum. And there are no bags to buy! There were no instructions for changing a belt either (which I assume it has). Info said to go on website or call. Does this mean no messing with a belt? I will investigate. In the mean time, you can't go wrong with this handy vacuum. P.S. Just went to the website. Yes, there is a belt, but it appears very easy to change when necessary.UPDATE 10/25/2012: Battery will no longer charge. They have asked ME to pay for the return for a ONE TIME ONLY replacement. I bought this 5 months ago and the battery is supposed to have a 2 YEAR warranty. Well, apparently NOT!!! I wonder how they can justify losing a customer over something so cheap as a battery. UPDATE: Amazon gave me a huge discount on a new battery! It has been working flawlessly for months. I will never stop shopping at Amazon! The customer service is the best.
i consider these fans the 'kleenex' of the small fan realm.we have had 3. either purchased or given to us over the years. ALL of them have died or broken. it seems to be pretty cheaply made. sure, for the first year or even two it works fine. but eventually they will stop spinning the fan blade or the 'height adjustor' will just flat out break and end up shooting the air straight up.look elsewhere.
I quickly returned this shower curtain because of its strong industrial chemical smell. I cleaned it with soap & water then hung it up and left the window wide open all day but it continued to emit it's strong odor.And so I neatly packed it up and returned it.If you are so inclined, look-up: "the dangers of vinyl shower curtains"  and "Chemical-Emitting Plastic" online.
It's only a shower curtain liner, so how bad could it be?  Quite bad, actually.  Made of inferior materials, it emits a nauseating, oily odour that permeated an entire floor of my house before it was discarded out of self defence.  Avoid, obviously.
This product was a miserable failure with my two Australian shepherds. The comb doesn't really get at their thick undercoat and they're terrified of the suction and the sound of the vacuum cleaner so close by.It's easier to just take them into the back yard and go over them with a Furminator. It doesn't scare them and they enjoy the attention.
Out of the box, this was a pretty impressive little device, and I'm including my original 4-star review below.  However, within a few short months I experienced the same kinds of nasty problems identified by so many other reviewers.  For me, it was the disgusting brown liquid that got stuck inside the attachments that only shook loose when the blender was running--dripping this nastiness right into my food.  YUCK!  There is NO way to clean it out and I don't dare use it again after ruining recipes both with the wand and the whisk attachments.  They went straight into the garbage.  I still have the little bowl, but be warned that it is NOT dishwasher-safe and is now warped such that the top doesn't fit well and the blades are scraping the sides.  Who needs this hassle?I can no longer recommend this blender at all.********* My original review:**********I'll come back and edit this review if this device lets me down, but so far (about a month), this is a handy immersion blender which compares decently to the Cuisinart and KitchenAid immersion blenders I've owned in the past.I've had some trouble with other kinds of immersion blenders.  I had to buy theCuisinart CSB-77 Smart Stick Hand Blender with Whisk and Chopper Attachmentsthree times as the bottom portion can be ruined in the dishwasher and inevitably one of my kids would forget and put it in.  After the third ruined one I just gave up.  I also was disappointed in my KitchenAid immersion blender, which had a motor failure shortly after the warranty ran out.  So I know all about  problems with this kind of device.So far so good on this one, though.  I'm trying to keep it out of the dishwasher, so I can't yet say if it shares the fatal flaw of the Cuisinart, and so far the motor is fine (but the KitchenAid was too, for quite a while).  It compares reasonably well to those other brands, and I really like the mini chopper bowl.  It's perfect for a single onion.  I have tried the various blade attachments, and so far the whole aspect of changing the blade attachment feels gimmicky--I can't see a great improvement in function by swapping out the disc for the spinning blade, for example, and it's just one more thing for me to keep track of.For smoothies, whisking, frothing, and chopping, it seems to function fine, although I was disappointed when I tried to puree a soup.  Although I held it in the soup for a number of minutes on the "turbo" mode the soup was still disappointingly lumpy.  I ended up dumping the soup in my Vitamix for a true creamy puree, but I'm pretty sure the Cuisenart or the Kitchenaid would have been able to truly puree it.  That was the primary use I put them to before they broke.For this reason, I guess of the three brands I would still say I prefer the Cuisinart, since I never had motor failure with that brand and if you can keep the bottom portion out of the dishwasher it is a very effective pureeing tool.  However, this product is not bad either, if you don't plan to puree much with it.
I was excited to receive this tray.  I thought that it would help me to organize my &#34;potions&#34; drawer.  My tray came cracked and damaged.  Pieces of sharp plastic were everywhere and I will not be using it.  It was a mess and we had to grab our cats because they were near the tiny sharp pieces of plastic.  It did not seem to be pretty at all in its cracked condition.  I noticed lots of five star reviews for this but again...mine is not usable.
I have a Rowenta that cost about 3 times as much as this Panasonic, and it's worth every penny.The Panasonic simply cannot compare to the Rowenta. The Rowenta glides easier and puts out more steam, allowing you to iron faster, producing better results. A key difference is that the has pin sized holes for steam all over the metal iron plate, but the Panasonic is an old fashion design that has only several large holes around the edge.If you want to get the wrinkles out of your clothes quickly, you're going to have to spend some money.

This vacuum may say 23.6 pounds, but it certainly doesn't feel that way when I'm using it. It's probably in part because most of the attachments aren't on board, thus reducing weight. However, even though it is a 12 amp vac, it doesn't *seem* to have the same power as other 12 amp vacs I've tried. I have found this is great for bare floors and low to medium pile carpeting. Our carpet is not deep plush and I find myself questioning how well it would work given what feels like less power, but I can't really give an opinion without having tested it on a surface like that. It seems to pick up the same amount of dirt that others in its class do, so maybe it's just me.Most of the attachments are stored in a black bag separately from the vac. I hang this bag around the handle when I'm storing it, and then put it in the room where I know I'm going to use them when I get it out to clean. This does make it lighter and less cumbersome for everyday carpet and floor cleaning, but I find that I am less likely to use the attachments since they are not on board with the vac. This is a matter of personal habit that could easily be broken, but I feel it is worth mentioning.The vac itself is a pleasure to use for everyday pet hair removal, and keeping the house spiffy because it does feel lightweight compared to other Bissells. If you've read my other reviews, you'll know I have a cream point Himalayan cat, a variety of Persian named Mr. Bigglesworth. His hair is fine, cotton-like, and he produces it as fast as I can vacuum it off of floors and furniture. This vac does an excellent job removing his fluffy, long fur. He is our only pet, so I don't know how it would work on short, coarse pet hair.The one on board attachment is a wand that is jointed, so you can use it at an angle. This is a nice feature for tight and hard to reach spots, and it's very easy to snap on and off the handle. There is also a button just below the power button for turning the brush on and off, so I won't worry about it overheating when I'm just using the attachments, and allows for more power for the hose. The canister removes as one enclosed unit with a handle, so you can take it outside to empty it and clean off the debris that always gets stuck around the top part without letting the dust poof back into your house, and without having to drag the whole vac out to the trash can. The bottom opens with the pop of a button, so theoretically you won't ever have to reach in to get the extra clinging to the top. However, you're going to have to reach in there & pull out some dust bunnies once in a while even if you empty it every time.I don't usually think much about how attractive a vacuum is, but this burgundy vac is sleek and compact, making it look nicer than other vacs. There is a bit of a trade-off for functionality versus weight on this, since the attachments are not on board, but it feels lighter in use. If you don't mind storing your attachments separately, I think this is a great vac to consider for everyday use. Overall it's a four star vac that I would buy for myself and recommend.09/29/09 UPDATE: The recline sensor broke, which caused rotating brush to stop functioning after about 8 months of using it twice a week on low to medium pile carpet. Not all of our rooms have carpet & with the hallway, I would say I was vacuuming about 3 average sized rooms worth of carpet with each use. Considering the short length of time I had it and light use, it should have lasted much longer. I can no longer recommend this model.
Who would have thought that a microwave box contained a murder mystery?It all started with this really cool idea, a desktop portable device to warm up soup and coffee. Somebody had a genius idea. But then the idea got killed along the way. Head overseas to design the actual physical product. Start with a very pretty cool looking box, add insulation, a shelf, microwave shielding, a magnetron, carrying handle, and controller; and all of a sudden the product is virtually dead. The interior became so small that only cups and popcorn bags fit inside (no plates). Then somebody decided, the case couldn't be scrimped on, it is a thing of custom made beauty. And the controller had to be a custom made chip set that works completely different from any microwave ever sold. So where to cut costs? Oh, yes the magnetron, make this an ultra low wattage unit - the price point will stay affordable.The idea goes off to be manufactured in China. Nobody thought to worry about quality control or all the problems with custom made parts.So what arrived in the box? A very pretty little box that looked so exciting. It turned out to be a completely dead unit. Plugged in, the timer counts down 10 seconds and resets. The unit makes no noise, maybe could be the world's quietest microwave. But it doesn't even begin to warm water.Aw darn, a defective unit. With most companies this would be a phone call, email, or letter. Not so with poor iWavecube. Seems something has gone wrong with their business. Their emails come back undeliverable. It is impossible to submit a form from their website. And there is no phone number to call. So my poor little dead microwave sits and can't be used. It appears that iWavecube has gone out of business and left no forwarding address.So the murder mystery, who killed this product? Somebody had a good idea. But somebody didn't know how to design a good product - they had a good idea of esthetics - but they had no experience with developing a useful product. Somebody had no idea how to work with a Chinese manufacturer to assure manufacturing quality. And somebody didn't know how to market this product correctly (a sweet picture of a guy holding one of these on the website just doesn't cut it).I think the answer to the mystery is somebody.Update August 19, 2013: This thing is back and available again? The company originally selling this went belly up a long time ago. Is it possible somebody has purchased the company and is now selling functioning units? I would love to see a review from somebody that actually purchased a current unit that functions. That would be too amazing. Rising from the dead. The original had so much promise, so much advertising and buzz everywhere. And then the units were just garbage, completely non-functioning and nobody to repair them, or make good on a warranty. Wow, incredible if real live useful microwaves are shipping now.
When I plugged this iron in it hopped three times then squatted down with its evil little red light flashing.  No heat. I tried a plethora of settings; high heat, low heat, steam, no steam.  No heat, just that Frankenstien walk then squatting down.  When I turned the "i-touch" button off the iron heated quickly with boiling steam. I got a dime-sized burn on my stomach from a spurt of boiling water when I lifted the iron from horizontal to move it.I couldn't get through on the Oliso customer service number.  When I sent them an e-mail explaining I was doing a review for Amazon.com and I needed a solution for the iron I got a call-back from Kevin.  After he guided me through all the settings again with no results, and suggesting Amazon had sent me a used iron, he gave me instructions for sending the iron in under warranty.I tracked the iron to Oliso in San Francisco (after it was miss-routed to Hayward, CA ) and it supposedly arrived there on Nov 6, 2013. I sent an e-mail asking if the iron had actually arrived..... No answer.Nov 14, 2013 I sent Kevin an e-mail asking the status of the case.....No answer.This iron has been on the market since at least 2009. If they don't have the issues ironed out (sorry) by now they probably never will. Without the i-touch feature you just have a very heavy, expensive yellow iron.  If the landing gear deploys and won't retract you just have a very expensive yellow door-stop.The iron has a year warranty; add three months if you register the iron. Big woop!  Judging from my experience consider this;  If the iron breaks down twice you lose about two months use of the iron.  At the present cost of $18.50 per trip, standard shipping, you have spent enough to buy another medium price iron from de longi, Panasonic , B&D;  or numerous other manufacturers.If you think you just have to have this iron my suggestion is keep another iron as back-up .If I get the iron back, or a working re-placement I will be back for an up-date of this review.UPDATE: Nov 30,2013. As promised I'm back to do an update. I received the first non-working-out-of-the box iron on Oct 27,2013. I got the replacement iron  on Nov 27.2013, one month and $18.50 shipping later. This iron seems to work very well for the moment. I like the long cord and the ball and socket swivel. The iron heats quickly and raises and lowers the way it's supposed to. The settings are easy to read. After being burned by a spurt of boiling water from the first iron I'm a little leery of the steam but it seems to work alright. I guess the question is "Are you feeling lucky?". If you get a working iron, fine. If your iron doesn't work and you have to deal with customer service you might be singing the blues.  Of course, there's no guarantee how long the iron will last.
I had high hopes for the Progressive International Adjust-A-Slice and Julienne Mandolin, those hope were met with disappointment when the product arrived. The item is poorly engineered in my opinion. It is lightweight, and feels rather flimsy. The safety guard on this unit is an absolute joke. With the guard in the "lock" position, you can still cut yourself on the slice blade if not careful, and if the vertical blade bar is set to julienne, 4 or 5 of the vertical blades stick up through the guard on the left side far enough that you'll require a trip to the local medical center for stitches. The little clear plastic food pusher barely has enough handle to get a firm purchase on, and is really quite uncomfortable compared to the one that came with a similar unit I purchased a decade or so ago from a different manufacturer. Overall, the build quality of this thing is something I'd expect to find at a dollar store. I absolutely do not recommend this product.
I love citrus scents so was delighted to try this. First there is barely any scent to the water. Secondly it didn't seem to clean as well as regular tap water.  I had to go back over the floor with the tap water to get the good clean I usually get with my steam mop. Thirdly it is way to expensive for the size of the container depending how much tile you have it could only last 2 maybe 3 cleanings. Sorry I like Bissell products but this one just doesn't live up to the Bissell reputation.I cannot recommend this product with the results I saw.
I use steam cleaning appliances almost exclusively to keep my house clean. My city has freakishly hard water so I always use distilled or de-mineralized water in my steam cleaners to keep them working properly and extend the life of the appliance.This water by Bissell is de-mineralized and comes in a 32 ounce bottle. When you open the bottle, the citrus smell is light and fresh but rather faint. By the time I finished steam mopping my kitchen, the smell has completely dissipated. Just in case my nose had simply become accustomed in the time it took to steam mop, I asked my son, who came home an hour later, to tell me if he smelled anything in the kitchen. He didn't. And even when I told him what smell I was asking about, he said he still couldn't smell anything citrusy.This IS de-mineralized water and it DOES work well in in a steam cleaner. The problem is that it doesn't work any better than the much-less-expensive, distilled or de-mineralized water you can buy at the grocery store. The only difference is the added scent, which disappears almost immediately.I love all the Bissell products I have (and I have several), but this one is a fail in my book.
I really love OXO products and it breaks my heart to write this low rated review.Most non-custom and even some custom homes have very little storage space in the shower area. The OXO Pole Caddy seemed like a great product to increase shower storage in a small footprint - but it isn't so! This product is an example where the individual components are greater than the sum. Each component of the Pole Caddy is manufactured to the highest steel/rubber quality - quality that we have come to expect of OXO. The issue with the Pole Caddy is one of bad design.The Pole Caddy adjustment is advertised from 5 to 9 feet, but you can use just the top and bottom segments to get down to approx. 4 feet. There are two possible ways to adjust the height - remove a section for applications that require heights of less than 7 feet; for heights greater than 7 feet you need to connect all the sections and extend an inner tube in the bottom section. You connect the segments using a male screw type connection between segments.  Both these adjustments are inadequate to provide a stable base for hanging the shelves. The pole caddy is very unstable and you can feel the pole caddy buckle at the segment joins - due to the fact that the screw type connection only goes 1.25 inches into the segments. In my opinion a 3-6 inch screw connection would provide greater stability. To further deteriorate the stability, the rubber ends of the pole do not seem to grip either the ceiling or the shower pan (fiberglass or tile). I would expect some sort of large suction cup or non-slip rubber grip at least on the bottom side of the pole.I attached the bins/shelves with their friction-hold design and they seemed to hold on well, but the minute I placed a couple ~30 oz. shampoo bottles and a few other body wash bottles, it became extremely unstable. The final straw was a medium intensity nudge from my elbow and the bottom rubber grip gave way - Besides being inconvenient, it is dangerous (we have kids use the shower and there are razors, heavy bottles, etc.)I found that the stability improved marginally if you did not use the bottom segment extension. If you are within +1 inches of the following measurements, you will get the greatest stability from this product. 4 ft. 1/8 in.;  5ft. 1/8 in.;  6 ft. 2/8 in.; 7ft. 2/8 in.NOT recommended.Pros:* Good concept* Well finished components* Friction-hold design works - can position bins/shelves at any position along the poleCons:* Badly designed joins (too short - only 1.25") keep segments unstable at connection points* Very unstable - bows and buckles.* Ceiling and floor grips do not hold - need suction cups/better grips at top or bottom to keep caddy stable* Extension on bottom segment increases instability* Can be dangerous if it slips out of place* Racheting mechanism is not truly racheting, i.e., no moving it back and forth to extend the caddy for a tight fit. You just extend the pole with your hands and click the lock into place
Update: 13 months and it's dead! (That's one month out of warranty.)Original Review:Normally I don't RTFM (read the manual) but for this product I suggest that you do because the filter is in a plastic bag.  You have to open up the unit to remove the plastic otherwise the filter won't work.  Surprisingly, you don't get a warning if you leave the plastic bag in.This filter has two basic modes of operation: automatic and manual.  I use the automatic mode with the sensitivity switch set to High.  On this setting, the unit is off most of the time and the water lasts about 2 weeks (in my kitchen).I presume that when it turns on, depending upon what the sensor detected, it goes into different modes.  Sometimes it's going full blast and other times it's on the lowest setting.  I have no idea how or why it works this way.  Regardless, it never stays on very long which saves energy.I like the design and quality.  If the filter lasts 5 years, I'll be a happy camper.  Compared to my other air filters, the maintenance is almost nothing.
This arrived with several problems and Delonghi's way of managing the issue creates difficulties for customers. The first problem I had was that the hose, which has two plastic tabs to connect it to the machine, had one broken tab. To replace it, you have to order parts online after proving that you purchased it recently by submitting a receipt. Ordering a replacement hose seemed pointless since one of the two tabs on the back of the machine which the hose attaches to also was broken. To test the machine out, I had to duct tape it to the back.When I got the hose securely attached, I had another problem with the machine that could not be solved with duct tape. This problem was with the machine's ability to cool a room. It alternated between blowing out rather hot and cool air. I thought this might relate to the way I rigged the hose, but a call to Delonghi's support in which I told them how I'd attached the hose made it clear that this was not the issue. They had no answer for my problem other than returning it to the manufacturer for repair or driving it to one of their few repair centers. While they offered to send a FedEx label and pay for shipping, the box that came with this literally falls apart when you open it. It comes in three separate pieces held together by plastic straps (also, my box had a big dent in the back where it was damaged during shipping so it wasn't exactly intact - though the dent didn't appear to reach the machine or any of its parts). I couldn't use the original box so the only way to ship it to DeLonghi for repair would be to buy a new box (DeLonghi won't provide one, I asked) for around $40 from a special packaging sales store. Also, DeLonghi only uses FedEx so, if a location isn't convenient for you, you're out of luck.I should also add that this is an immensely heavy machine. It weighs about 75 lbs. and, though it has wheels, is &#34;portable&#34; mainly in name only. It is incredibly hard to move around and it would be extremely difficult to box it and transport it in a compact car (which is what I own).Even if the machine were working, there are some other negatives that are worth mentioning. The fan on higher settings can be quite loud and there is no way to change the airflow (no movable vents). If you'd like the air to blow in a particular direction, you're out of luck. Also, the hose is short (and DeLonghi doesn't recommend a longer one), so you have to put the air conditioner on a (very sturdy) stable platform if you're using a higher window. You're also not supposed to put it too close to the wall so it takes up a lot of space. In a small room, the footprint could be a real problem.When I spoke to the service representative about my problems, he also indicated that setting the temperature too low relative to the temperature outside can create a problem. He said you should, at least initially, set it within 10 degrees of the external temperature and then slowly lower the temperature further once the room has cooled. I couldn't test this functionality since my air conditioner (which I used in a single room with the door closed) was heating the room it was in more than cooling it.On the plus side, though these pluses don't help much, DeLonghi's support people are polite and try to be helpful. The return/repair policies aren't under their control (nor is the quality of the machine or its parts). Also, the remote control function is nice and I imagine it would be very convenient if you purchased a working machine. If you get a lemon, as it appears that I did, then things are going to be very troublesome for you.
Lately, I have been seeing a lot of products entering the market that exploit the germaphobic natures of buyers by selling UV-C wands, etc.  The claims that UV-C can eliminate many germs and bugs is absolutely true. But not in the context of consumer usage.  The germs must be exposed to the UVC light for several minutes in order for it to be effective on that level.  Not something that many consumers would be willing to do.  So if your item was in a UVC chamber, you would definitely have sanitization.  But if you wave the light over it, even slowly, you will not.  Many of the products don't disclose this, and only base the claims on theoretical values and not real life situations.  In addition, UVC can cause cancer if overexposed on the skin.  You won't get the characteristic redness and sunburn that you see with UVA and UVB. It just goes straight to mutating your DNA.  In addition, many laboratories employ the use of UV spectrum lighting to disinfect fume hoods which are these glass enclosed work cabinets.  Regulatory agencies have found that if there is an airflow in the hood, the UV light is ineffective, to the point that we cannot even use it to pass inspection for proof of sanitization.Enter the UVC bed vac.  Based on my aforementioned point, sanitization at the 99% is impossible. Not to say that there may not be some germ killing activity involved. For me, this device was worth a try just for my peace of mind for my mattress b/c of all the nasty bedbug outbreaks I had been hearing about.  The safety mechanism that prevents you from exposing yourself to the light also prevents it from working when you go over a mattress that has quilting or uneven surfaces.  If the device is not flat, the light will not turn on.  The vac part when detached is pretty decent suction-wise.  But when you attach it to the base, the suction is distributed over a much wider area and then becomes a light breeze.  It was not even able to pick up any hairs that were on the mattress. So Then, what good is this vac for?  I think the filtration mechanism for the vac itself is a bit better than most handheld vacs. But that is all I use it for.I would be more open to buying this if there were studies done by a consumer group that really showed its germicidal capabilities by trying to grow bacterial culturesand proper technique on its usage.
I agree with the other reviewers that this product is poorly designed.  It can only be used on a totally flat, non-shiny surface.  It has 3 optical sensors and 1 mechanical sensor that all must be triggered to enable the UV light.  That means you need about 2 square feet of totally flat surface to make it work.  You could easily disable the safety sensors with masking tape to keep the light on but I would not recommend that due to the dangers of UV exposure but because of these sensors, this product is useless for vacuuming upholstery.  It may be good for vacuuming a mattress but that's about it.I also question if the UV exposure is adequate to kill any bacteria but I have no way of testing that.  You would likely have to move the vac very, very slowly to get sufficient UV exposure to the surface you are cleaning.The vac can be removed from the UV base and used as a dust buster type vac but the nozzle is awkwardly shaped and not angled enough to be useful.  The unit comes with a brush and crevice tool.  Those are not well designed either and they reduce the suction significantly.  The vac itself is fairly powerful but when you insert it into the UV base the width of the pickup is so wide that suction is greatly diminished.I really tried to find some useful purpose for this vac but I could not.  My advice is don't waste your money.
While the items I cooked on this grill (omelets, mini-donuts, meat, pancakes) using the included non-stick heating plates were adequate, I didn't feel safe using the grill for a number of reasons. First, the quality of the non-stick coating wasn't good and it was apparent that after a few uses, this would start coming off migrating into the food. Second, there's no place for liquid or grease to drain - it leaks into the area below the heating plate to where the coils are and that's a fire/electrocution hazard. Third, there's no on/off switch or any type of shut-off mechanism if you forget to unplug it and that, for obvious reasons, is not good.I think the idea behind this grill is excellent but the quality is extremely lacking. It would be nice to have George Forman or another reputable manufacturer create something similar but safe, high quality and long lasting.A disappointment all around.
I saw this on TV, but I can't believe what came in the box was the same product. Since there are just the two of us now, my wife really wanted to use this for easy breakfasts, lunches and light dinners. In two days, she made blueberry pancakes, strawberry waffles, plain waffles, hamburger fajitas, and a couple of omelets.Results were uniform, uniformly bad. The blueberry stuck to the Teflon "pans". In fact, everything stuck to the Teflon pans. Strawberries got the same result and in both cases, the batter stuck to the pans as well. Nothing cooked evenly, and it got to the point when we wondered if they had photoshopped their entire commercials. Is that even possible?Before you start believing that the grill was too hot, the eggs never got done, and the omelets certainly didn't just flip over. The only thing that flipped was my wife.The piece de la resistance was melted cheese sandwiches. The key word is "resistance," since they resisted coming out of the teflon pans. AND, to top it off, it was not easy to clean. The plates/pans didn't clean in the dishwasher, and it took some elbow grease to get them clean with a dishrag and detergent.The food was edible, but that's about as far as I'd go with an evaluation. We have packed it up - the one thing that was easy to do - but now we don't know what to do with it. We can't give it to charity. That wouldn't be charitable. We can't give it to friends. We have so few to start with. We can't give it to our kids. They wouldn't take it. I hate to recycle it, but...
REVISED THE DAY AFTER FIRST REVIEWED: The pump stopped working after only six cups of coffee.  Fortunately, this was purchased at the big box store that takes things back at any time.  The Cuisinart SS-700 is being returned for a refund.  First impressions are not always correct - 1-star and no more!oRIGINAL REVIEW: I love my Cuisinart DCC-1200, but as the sole coffee drinker in the family I had to reheat coffee, in the microwave, throughout the day.  The DCC-1200 brews wonderful coffee, but I never thought that it was as good if I used the 3-4 cup brewing option, nor was the microwaved beverage as enjoyable as when the coffee was freshly brewed.  Receiving the Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System as an early Christmas gift solved that problem.The unit is solidly built; fairly low in profile so that it sits nicely under standard kitchen cabinets; and is an attractive addition to your kitchen.  Its footprint is, however, about twice that of the DCC-1200.  Nevertheless, because it fits underneath your cabinets, it does not take up useable front counter space.The Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System is easy to set-up using the instruction booklet.  The tank is very easy to fill while it is attached to the unit; that is important if you are a short individual or do not have much hand/grip strength.  I pour water which has been filtered in a Pur pitcher into the tank.  Because Cusinart recommends changing the filters every 60 uses, I hope that by using filtered water I can increase the useful life of the Cuisinart filters.I particularly like that Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System does not have to remain "on" as do the Bunn coffee makers; it takes about 4 minutes to heat the water once you turn the machine on.  When heated, the water temperature is approximately 192 degrees; you can adjust the temperature downward if you prefer your freshly brewed coffee at a lower temperature.  The option of being able to choose from five cup sizes is a particularly appealing feature of this product.  I did find that brewing a 12 oz. sized cup resulted in a weaker coffee than I prefer.  In addition to using K-cups, the "ekobrew Cup, Refillable Cup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers" fits this machine perfectly and will help save money after the initial cost is recouped through not having to purchase prefilled K-cups.I am pleased to be able to have fresh, hot coffee at any time - no more microwave reheated java for me!  In my opinion, this is a five-star product.  If you enjoy having every cup of coffee brewed fresh moments before you drink it, you may like the Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System as well as I do.  If you read the above update, you will see that my rating has been adjusted downward to one star - it would have been zero stars if that were an option!
5.30.2013 UPDATE: BUYER BEWARE! Worked great for a few weeks until the pump starts to hardly work.. It will make 1 cup fine but when it goes to pump more water it will not work and will make require you to unplug, reset, and or remove/replace the water tank 10-15 times before it starts working again! My keurig branded machines never suffered any of these problems after many years of "abuse." but the kicker is that the warranty is limited and when you call in they will be happy to replace you're machine for the low low shipping cost of $50! BEWARE!!***Previous Review Redacted.***
When I was easily able to pick up the lightweight box I knew this was going to be trouble.  In short, the pictures give a misleading appearance of thick foam on top of a two-inch memory foam topper.  The reality is the polyester "fiber fill" is not even close to the two-inches of claimed thickness (my comforter has more fill) and the fiber will flatten to nothing in less than a week.  What you are left with is simply a two-inch topper at a four-inch price.The foam itself is okay but not fantastic.  At three-pound density it's soft and lightweight and the new foam smell went away in a week.  On the other hand I sink through it easily at 190lbs. I want support from a topper so I tend to look for thicker, higher density toppers; usually four-inch thick, 5lb density foam.  High quality 5lb foams will be supportive without being rock hard.  This topper is best if you are lightweight or the pillowtop on your mattress has flattened and you just want that sinking-in feeling again.To Sleep Innovations' credit, the "mattress pad" is nice quality and it zips up around the memory foam to help protect it.  If this were being advertised as a two-inch lightweight 3lb memory foam topper with mattress pad then I would say it's a good product.  However this was originally sold as a four-inch memory foam topper and has since been changed to a "four-inch memory foam and fiber mattress" topper.  This is still inaccurate and it left many purchasers feeling shortchanged as you can see in the other reviews.  One star.
This is the first coffee maker I've ever had that did not come with coffee filters at all. Some come with a few paper filters to get you started, others include the gold tone permanent filter. This had neither so I had to go out and buy filters in order to brew my first cup of coffee. The angle is awkward to pour the water into the coffee maker. The timer is fantastic, and brew strength selector works well.Unfortunately after about five pots of coffee it now ceases to heat up the water, and brews cold. I'm surprised, I thought Mr. Coffee would have done a better job.
See Update below:My kitchen floor is a dingy old linoleum.  This product did a pretty good job of cleaning the floor. It did a good job of cleaning just day to day grime as well as a few sticky dried stuff on the floor.  It also cleaned a seam that is a good dirt catcher but hard to clean.I was also impressed at how quickly I was able to get it out of the package, assembled, and up and running.  --  Only two parts to assemble both very intuitive to put in place.There are three modesVacuum -- not bad at sweeping -- some things like a onion skin I had to lift the cleaner to get the dirt to pick up it did not do a great job of getting dirt along edges -- best to sweep those areas first then vacuum it up.Clean -- brushes spin and cleaning fluid can be applied to the floor.  Did a great on the floor over all however edges and toe kick under the cabinte area not as great.  Overall very happy with how it cleans.Dry This mode is somewhat deceptive.  This mode is just basically a wet vacuum mode.For large floor areas this is a great product.  For getting along the edges and in tight spaces not so great.09/02/2012Just moved into a house with a large kitchen.  The floors where filthy... and until I got on my hands and knees they continuted to be filthy.  I tried several different ways to get this item to work (very slow movements back and forth, putting lots of formula on the floor, and pre-treating withKRUD KUTTER KK32 Original Concentrated Cleaner/Degreaser, 32-Ounce).  Eventually went to good old floor scrubbing.  --- This product could be good every day cleaning however not deep cleaning ---  Even with my larger kitchen floor I don't think it is going to be worth dragging this out to clean my floors.10/26/12I'm down to one star.  I really don't see this doing much cleaning at all.  It can get the floor wet... it can clean up a wet mess.
ARGGHHH  I hated this thing!  You had to start with ice cold milk.  And then keep your finger on the button -  and that HURT after a bit.  And you have to use a ton of batteries.  The worst part - after you froth up your milk - adding it to your hot coffee or cocoa - it turned your hot beverage to lukewarm or cold in the case of my espresso!  YUCK!  You can get a $2 frother that works just as well.  Don't spend the money on this one.  I have a Nespresso Aerocino and adore it.  It steams the milk, it plugs in, and you push one button for half a second to whip the milk.  For the price of this thing, save your money and get a real Latte Milk Frother.
First, to anyone considering purchasing a gadget like this, I've noticed that most of the positive reviews are from folks who sound as if they've probably never owned (or needed) a frother before.We've tested several frothing devices over years, including a teeny/tiny device found at a dollar store (yes, dollar store) - and they all worked much better than this one by Bodum.This was such a disappointment. First, it takes FOUR AA batteries, which is excessive for a small appliance that has one, simple task. Then, to my dismay, my rechargeable batteries didn't have enough juice even to turn the device on - we had to buy new batteries just to test it out.The frothing blade isn't ~really~ a frothing blade. It's a mini whisk. And it's very cool looking (goes up & down on a spindle), but it is very poorly designed. It does not froth well at all - it's both slow & ineffective.I tried to froth whole cream & half/half, both of which were too heavy to produce hardly any results. It only increased in volume by about 15%. On regular milk, it takes a full 2-3 minutes to froth - it's much easier (and quicker) to froth by hand with a normal whisk! In fact, I believe a normal blender (with a normal blade) would do a better job.But with my past frothing devices (magic bullet, thunderstick, frothing blade attachment on a hand mixer, etc), you can froth whole cream to make whipping cream, ice cream, sorbets, mousse, and a whole variety of desserts. This one doesn't do anything like that.This is the most inferior frothing device I've ever seen. This one comes in dead last.
well, the cooking vessal part is made of strong glass, easy to assemble, nice little recipe book enclosed. The 800 number for help directs you to leave a message but you can't because the mail box is always full so no help from the manufacturers customer service & I can't tell you how it works because it does not come on to heat up to use it. I tried several outlets even though they all work, this does not. I'm waiting for vine to let me know what to do with this item. If they replace it and it comes on I'll update my review.Amazon contacted me & said they can't replace this as they can't get ahold of the company that is selling it & that they are not going to sell this item on amazon.So now I check again and see that amazon IS selling this item. Just keep in mind that it may cook faster, if it comes on, but it will still use the same amount, if not more, of electrically so you won't cook any cheaper and it looks to me like it would not be safe to leave the house with this thing plugged in.
I've had a Kuerig for over a year and while I was waiting for an upgrade I saw this brewer and wanted to try it.If you use one pod the water looks dingy, barely any coffee was brewed with it.  Use 2 pods and it takes forever to brew a cup and it is too strong.  I used this machine once and will never use it again.  I know there is going to be a difference in a $200 brewer compared to a $20 one, but this was pathetic.  Maybe I should try it once more to see if it is any different?  It is hard to believe this product has 4 stars.  What am I missing?  Stick with your regular coffee maker until you're ready to spend the money on something that works.Once I use it again I'll update this review if it produces anything remotely drinkable.
The Black and Decker is my fourth rice cooker (I've had an Oster, a Panasonic, and a White-WestingHouse -- all "basic" rice cookers). It does the job, and FAST, faster than any of the other rice cookers I've owned. You can start off cooking a cup of rice and have a piping hot and ready-to-eat pot of fluffy white rice in 15-20 minutes. And it's non-stick to boot. NOTHING sticks to it.There are, however, a few things I don't like about this rice cooker:- Rice On The Bottom Of The Pot A Little HardHard from being slightly burnt, that is. I've tried varying the quantities of rice and water I use, but regardless of the amount of rice and/or water I use, the rice from the bottom of the pot tends to be very slightly burnt. The other rice cookers I've owned do not have this problem.- Plastic Steam Basket And Plastic On The Underside Of LidConsumers have been voicing for quite a while now their concerns about chemicals (especially BPA) leeching into their food. Yet, most manufacturers seem to continue to disregard for these concerns.High temperatures, plastic, and food should not mix! I have removed a piece of plastic on the underside of the lid and I will not be using the steam basket. To remove the piece of plastic, I simply unscrewed the handle, took out the piece of plastic, and re-screwed the handle back on.As to the function of the piece of plastic under the lid, my guess is it serves as a collection point for the condensed water on the lid so the water will drip back down through the middle of the steam basket. Food arranged on the side of the basket will thus remain drip-free. Since I won't be using the steam basket, this feature (assuming I'm right about my speculation on the function of the piece of plastic) is of no use for me.It's a shame that the steam basket isn't made out of metal (stainless steel, even aluminum would have been preferred). It would have been a very useful feature for me as I often cook my food by steam.- Poor Steam Vent PlacementThe steam vent on the lid is placed too close to the handle. You might risk getting burned if you're not careful. The vent should really have been placed further away from the handle towards the rim.- No "Off" ButtonThe rice cooker has to be unplugged to turn it off. Otherwise, it stays on the "keep warm" mode and food will eventually burn if left in the rice cooker long enough.---In summary, the Black and Decker is a serviceable "basic" rice cooker. This lid has to be modified if you're concerned about chemicals from plastic leeching into your food.[Update March 30, 2014]I've been using this rice cooker at least twice a week for 3 months now. I've been careful to not scratch the Teflon coating by using only the plastic rice paddle that came with the rice cooker. Still, the Teflon coating is starting to lose its nonstick properties and I'm now getting stuck-on rice on the bottom of the pot. The solution around the problem is to unplug the unit after the cook button pops up and wait 10 minutes before scooping up the rice -- but it's a hassle![Update April 28, 2014]Rice cooker is completely dead. The keep warm light isn't lit when the rice cooker is plugged in. The cook light won't light up when I press the cook button and the rice cooker is stone cold. It's been about five month since I acquired the rice cooker. Guess it's back to the Panasonic I've had for over a decade!
After more than 24 hours in the freezer, and more than 12 hours for the mix being in the refrigerator, with three different batches (ice cream, frozen yogurt, and a sorbet) with recipes from the manual included the machine box, it ALWAYS has the mix frozen to the side and bottom of the bowl.  It's usually about 1/4 inch at the top and nearly an inch thick at the bottom of the bowl.  Plus, it has taken anywhere from 7 to 9 minutes to be at the point mix is coming out the feeder opening.  The mix at the top is about soft-serve consistency.  I was hoping to read someone else had this issue with a solution for why it does this.  Wasting almost 1/4 of the mix is irritating, especially if it's chocolate!  I use all high quality ingredients and flavorings.  Any help out there??  If no one can give me a solution, it will be returned to Amazon tomorrow afternoon.  The plan was to make ice cream and I'd really prefer to keep it but have it work betters I'm very much hoping someone can tell me what I'm doing wrong or different.
I had an ice cream maker similar this that failed miserably.  I was so hoping the product had been improved and couldn't wait to try it out.  The teal color is very pretty and the unit is so simple a child could operate it safely.  I read the product manual and my daughter and I decided to try the vanilla ice cream. The freezer bowl contains a gel liquid that has to be frozen prior to use so after cleaning the unit I placed the freezer bowl in the freezer and left it for 48+ hours.  Ingredients were placed in refrigerator to chill as recommended.Today my daughter and I plugged the unit in, removed the freezer bowl from the freezer and turned the unit on.  I poured the ice cream mix in and we both sat down to supper thinking we would have ice cream for dessert since it claims to be ready in 20 minutes.  We checked at 20 minutes and the mixture was the consistency of soup.  We checked again in about 5 minutes and again in the next five minutes....still soup.  After another five or so minutes we gave up, poured the ingredients into a plastic container and placed in the freezer.  We are now waiting for our home freezer to do it's magic...At the least maybe we'll have a milkshake before the evenings over.  I'd like to think we did something wrong but we followed the instructions exactly and the finished product was Cold Vanilla Soup.  So disappointed!
George Foreman GRP4EP Platinum Evolve Grill with 2 Grill Plates, 1 Deep-Dish Bake Pan and 1 Mini Burger InsertThis is my second GFG and much larger than the Champ it replaces. I always felt cramped for space cooking on the Champ but it was easy to use and store.  This one is much, much larger so you get the benefit of a big wide grill area but you've got a big behemoth to store too. I did make room in my cabinet and it all gets put away. I like the timer and heat settings that are adjustable on this model. I do wish the included cook/instruction book was clearer on how to make these adjustments for different foods. It really lacks detailed instructions. There are quick cook guides printed on the device that help but Google-ing on the Internet was more helpful than either standard option.  I have learned to underestimate the cooking time. It is quite fast and you can easily burn or overcook your food. I've made steaks, hamburgers fish and vegetables with the grille. With a bit of trial and error and note taking, most come out really nice.One thing I really LOVE about this GFG is the removable cooking plates. They are also dishwasher safe! I'll post some before and after pictures. It is truly easy to clean! A joy! I've also noticed that the price has come down from when I first got it from Amazon Vine. I think at approximately one hundred dollars it is a good value, considering the included baking dish and slider plate. If you hate cooking and want easy this is a very good choice. I'll strike one star for less than stellar documentation.Update: August 21, 2011I've been Googleing the residue issue but not really finding an answer, but found other examples. I have been having issues with the underside of the grill plates releasing a black dust on my hands and everything that touches them. It's not on the food side but it is very worrisome. I uploaded a picture. I haven't contacted the company yet but saw someone who tried and got no answer. Disheartening,I'll report back when I get an answer. For the record I do dishwasher them and I use Finish tabsFinish Powerball Dishwashing Tabs - 90ctwith the red ball.
I'm an inveterate amateur baker, so I was thrilled to find these, and looking forward to making batches of nano-brownies and micro-spaniards. Unfortunately, while this mold may be suitable for cold-molding, I can't consider it suitable for baking.Upon opening the plastic package, I noted a sickly-sweet chemical smell. After washing the molds by hand, and then in the dishwasher, the smell was much stronger, to the point of being offensive (I used the sanitize cycle, which does heat stuff up).After airing out overnite, the smell had faded, so I decided to test to see if would transfer to food baked in the molds - I mixed egg whites with an equivalent amount of milk (an extremely scent-neutral mixture), and baked it in the molds at 350 for 20 minutes (I should have done that for only ten, to avoid any Maillard reaction). I also sprayed half the mold with cooking spray and left half ungreased, to see if this would make a difference.After baking, the smell (and taste) was very noticeable in the custards from the greased half of the mold, and slightly noticeable in the souffles from the ungreased half.I'm one of those people who is very sensitive to odors and odd chemistry, so YMMV. But I will not be using these in my kitchen.
I have a Wilton silicone baking pan that I use for cookie bars and brownie bars.  It is a much better product.I am using the muffin pan to make brownies and inject them with Tres Leches.  When I filled them they were tough to get into the oven as they are very jiggly.  I then had to turn them 1/2 way through cooking and I was convinced they were going to fall in to the oven.  There is nothing to them.The Wilton is much sturdier and has silicone handles on the ends to help guide into the oven, the Freshware has no handles.  If you look at them side by side, you can clearly see that the Freshware is about 1/3 of the silicone as the Wilton.I gave them one star as it could be successfully used to make chocolate or candy in the refrigerator, but I will never use again in the oven.  The risk of dropping them is too high.Not recommended for baking.
I am new to baking with silicone and was very excited to try this muffin pan. It is made of food-grade silicone but it is definitely not non-stick. In fact it was very difficult to clean. Because it is made of silicone it is recommended that you use a baking sheet underneath. It needs the added support to keep the silicon from just sagging in and causing the unbaked ingredients to spill out when you pick it up. Learned that the hard way. I was disappointed  in two areas. First, the size of the muffin cup itself is smaller than a standard size muffin. I tried my usual cupcake recipe, it makes a dozen cupcakes, it was a bit of a surprise to note that by the time I filled all the muffin pans I still had leftover batter. In fact I had enough leftover batter to make 3 more cupcakes after baking the first batch. Secondly, it was impossible to get the cupcakes out without leaving parts of them behind. I did use a bit of cooking spray as per instructions but my cupcakes still stuck. All in all I ended up with tiny cupcakes that looked awful. They still tasted great but I would not recommend this product.
I notice that the several other reviewers who marked this product up are either not using it for food stuffs, or are using for foods that don't require baking. It's great that people are finding another use for the product, though my review specifically addresses it as bakeware.I've used silicone bakeware before, so I'm very familiar with its finicky nature. First off, it's not nonstick, despite what the description says. Even the "owner's manual" that comes with the product says 'more food sticks compared to old aluminum bakeware.'  You still have to lubricate it with a fat in some way, and/or use paper cups, and the manual says this, as well.  It also suggests that you adjust the amount of liquids in recipes down to compensate for foods that stick.It's also worth noting that foods brown before they are done in the middle when baking with silicone.  The same is true for this pan.All of that said, what bothers me most about this pan is the cup size isn't standard.  The overall footprint of the pan looked smaller when I opened it, but the cup size is smaller, as well.  Not quite a mini, it's not a regular mold size.  The width seems to be on par with a standard pan, but the height isn't. Paper cups take up most of the internal space, and I couldn't fill them as specified by my recipe to make only 12 muffins.  I tried two different kinds of paper cups, and both were hulking in this "standard" pan.If you're OK with modifying your use (plan on getting more than 12 muffins from a 12-muffin recipe, likewise smaller muffins) and recipes to enjoy this pan, try it.  If you have tried and true recipes that you want to use in a silicone pan, try another.  This one will require you to change your approach to baking and possibly the recipes, themselves.
I have been baking for 50 years!! I make lots of cupcakes as they are the a favorite where I work.  This silicone muffin pan is a pain in the butt!!  There are too many restrictions, ( temp, care etc) and I just do not have time to be so attentive.  I will stick to my regular metal pans ( 2- Food Network  pans) . This pan does not make the typical size cupcake and since most recipes will produce  16 to 24 cupcakes you either need two  of these  or have to wait while the pan cools before  adding more batter for the second batch . Another pain in the butt!  You still have to use a cookie sheet ( at least I did ) to provide stability on an oven rack, another pan to wash. I don't know about others but I just do not have the time to be fussing around with this silicone pan. I really saw no advantage to using it.  My metal pans work great, I have 2 metal cupcake/muffin pans so I can do one batch and have it over with. My metal pans cost a little more but they will last alot longer and I think are better quality. I do not recommend.
I was excited to receive the silicone load pan for review, I bake bread on a weekly basis, so I thought this would be quite useful.I made my banana bread recipe, that is always delicious, moist and perfectly done throughout the entire load.  NOT with the Silicone pan.  What a disappointment.  The loaf did not turn out fluffy, instead it was very dense, the inside was done perfectly, but the edges, wherever the pan touched were very dark, not burned, but dark and overdone.I have made banana bread on a weekly basis for years and have never ever had this problem until using the Silicone Pan.The pan is also a very strange size, long and skinny, which of course is obvious because it is stated in the description, but I just have to wonder why the pan cannot be made in a regular loaf pan size?The one good thing about the pan is that it was very easy clean-up, my bread did stick in a few places, but everything wiped out perfectly.I would not buy this pan, nor would I even want another free one for review!  I'll stick with my pans that bake better even though they are more difficult to clean.
I have been envious of all the interesting shapes of silicone baking pans in my nearby chef supply store, so was eager to try this one.First, some data.  Each mold is about 1/3 cup in volume (N. American cups; Australian cups are a different size), is just under 1 inch deep, and at the top the width is just over 1-7/8 inch and length is just over 2-7/8 inch.  The overall dimensions (11 inch by 10 inch) fit in my countertop oven.Cooking at 425, the overall size of the pan grew by about 3-4mm in both length and width, and since the rimmed tray I had it on was just the perfect size for it when cold, it had an undulating shape when I was through baking because it grew larger than the tray rims could contain.I followed all their first time use instructions:  They said to either rinse it under hot water or put it in the dishwasher.  I did both of those, after previously scrubbing it with suds.  They said to apply oil, I sprayed it with canola oil.  They said not to cook at hotter than 446 degrees, I put it in a countertop toaster oven at 425 degrees. I used a metal supporting tray.I made some moist drop biscuits and baked two in the two center molds (I put water in the remaining molds because it said not to put it in a hot oven when empty.  The biscuits rose nicely and had a nice crust, and they came out of the molds very easily.  But when I removed them, I got a strong whiff of warm rubber.  I tried eating some of the crust that had been touching the mold, and detected a faint set of of other tastes, possibly rubber (maybe I had olfactory fatigue after just sniffing the rubber fumes).  After letting the biscuits cool a few hours and trying them again, there was a definite rubber taste. (I'm one of those people who detect & identify aromas better than many others.)Too bad.  Even if I let them outgas for some time, I will always wonder what they are putting into things baked in them.  So even though it is marketed for "baked goods", I will only be able to use them for non-food crafts.  However, I really wanted something for baking gifts.
I was hoping to use these little molds to make interestingly shaped savory foods and chocolates.  However, when I tried the mini-loaf pans in this line, a rubber taste was imparted (see my review "Rubbery Tasting Biscuits" to see the multiple ways I tried to clean it before first use).  So I will only be able to use these molds for crafts.I measured and each shape seems to hold about 1.5 teaspoons of fluid, depending on surface tension (N.American measures; Australian measures are different).Since this is marketed for food use, I have to give it one star.  But it is probably worth 5 stars for craft use, once I figure out what I want to do with it.
As an enthusiastic amateur cook, I was looking forward to adding this mold to my kitchen collection, and adding molded chocolates and flavored butter pats to my repertoire. After a bad experience with another mold from the same vendor, however, I've decided I can't use this mold either.The other mold arrived with a faint chemical smell, which got much worse when that mold was washed (and heated) in the dishwasher. Upon doing some more testing, I determined that this smell did in fact transfer to food (The review is here: http://www.amazon.com/review/RP0CQH8DEMM6U/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm).This mold didn't have an obvious smell when I got it, and was no doubt from a different batch. But upon heating and testing I've discovered that the smell is detectable, though at a lower level. I'm not willing to take the risk.
First of all I got this item for free - I thought it would be perfect for my family. I got the item but the instruction book did NOT explain how to use the product - so I did a little online search. I tryed it twice the first time the rice was OK but when it went to the warm setting (waiting for family to all arrive home) and stuck to the pot and browned a little. The second time I used it the rice was almost too wet and mushy...  What is the point - Rice is simple to cook - A pot of boiling water and a few minutes - Viola - Rice.  In these economic times use the Pot of water and skip this new applicance to litter your counter tops.
I'm not an experimental cook. When I get a new product, I like to have an idea of how to use it. Although there are limited instructions in the manual, there are no recipes at all. This is a multicooker. The idea is that you can cook different ingredients in the sections. But what's the order in which they should added? How long should one cook before the next is added?I received this to review for Amazon. If I had purchased it, I would have returned it.Although the product is not available on Amazon at this time, it is available on georgeforemancooking.com. I called them today as I did a few months ago and there still is no recipe book available.A big miss for George Foreman, in my opinion.
I like the look of theOster BLSTDG-B Designer Series 7-Cup Glass Jar 6-Speed Blender, Black with Stainless Steel Accentsand was excited to give it a try through the Amazon Vine program.  I wondered how well it would blend given that the bowl is so wide at the bottom, how does everything pass through the cutting blades?  I tried two recipes, one sweet and one savory.First I tried just zipping some strawberries, aloe vera and limeade together.  I blended it much longer than I would have in my regular blender and was dismayed to see that there were at least 4 strawberries not cut at all.  I zipped it again with no improvement.  I poured the unblended mixture into my regular blender and in less than 60 seconds, it was completely ready to drink.Next (after washing) I tried making a salad dressing consisting of water, lemon juice, tahini, salt, pepper, and 1 clove of garlic.  The garlic was completely not cut at all no matter how long I whizzed it.  I tried low speed = uncut.  I tried high speed = uncut.Useless blender.Oh, Oster, why did you put on the market a blender that doesn't blend?  Didn't Oster's motto used to be it made your life easier?  Not with this blender!Now it is:PowerPerformancePride in ResultsNot with this Blender!PassDoes it really matter that it looks pretty and has an unusual lid?  does any other feature matter if a blender doesn't perform the main function it is supposed to perform - blend?
Man does this thing look good on my counter!  Nice black plastic base, lots of control buttons, silver accents and the oval glass just looks hip and fresh.  Good thing it looks good cause that's all it's good for - looking.I tried to make a Yoplait frozen fruit smoothie (find that in your freezer case).  You add milk or juice and chunks of fruit.  The thing could NOT break the frozen chunks down.  I'm serious.  So this is the best looking non-blending blender in town.Buy a real blender and give this one a pass.
mid-April '11: Have not heard a peep from these people and after all these emails, have come to the conclusion that customer service sucks. They don't even handle it themselves, its a completely different company that seems to handle multiple brands. So I called the number given in the email. Of course you have to go thru a huge maze of menus, its clear they're trying to get you to email them by giving you their website over and over and over while you're on hold(indefinitely, I never did get a live person after being on hold for 20 minutes). This thing is going in the attic, in the event maybe a bread pan shows up in the mail in the next year or so. After that it will meet the garbage can, which makes me so sad because I do NOT throw away appliances...but then again, I've never had such a piece of junk before.March '11: They still haven't sent the replacement paddle or bread pan, which they told me would ship out in early Feb. It's more then annoying that I have to keep seeing this thing on my counter, but as of now it's just a large paper weight and I'll have to email Breadman AGAIN to ask where my items are.Dec '10: I am at the point of extreme exasperation. I started using this bread maker this week to make gifts for Christmas. I made 4 loaves of bread, and the last one didn't seem to go right. Today when starting my 5th, I noticed the real problem. The paddle is no longer spinning or kneading anything. When you empty the ingredients, it spins fine. Isn't this thing suppose to be built to work thru dough?! I've already had to email breadman about the paddle scraping, now this. This model has too many problems for it to be a good purchase. I hope to get a new, different brand bread machine in the future. I love making bread with a working machine, but its no fun to have to fiddle with it when it doesn't work properly. In the end I wasted a lot of $$ on igredients, my last loaf was a hockey puck.Original Review Nov '2010: have never owned a bread maker, but always wanted one. My father had one when I was a kid and it was HUGE. About 5 times the size of the bread it actually made. Thankfully, the Breadman Bread Maker 1060 is sleek and not a hulking object on your counter top.This machine is so simple to use. Not too many buttons to make it confusing, but just enough to let you tailor it to your taste. I've had it for less then a week, and I already made Guinness cheddar bread, cranberry banana quick bread, blueberry almond whole wheat bread and cranberry apricot sweet bread. I've tried 4 of the 14 settings. So far, everything has been delicious and perfectly baked. I didn't find the machine to be loud, it was on par with my dishwasher(but let it be known that my dishwasher is older then I am and mustard yellow). Since I'm used to that, this was nothing in comparison. People with more modern appliances might find it a little loud.The manual/recipe book is great. Gives lots of information about different ingredients, etc so you can learn about the process. I also figured out that its best to use "bread machine yeast", before getting it I bought "active dry yeast", and I still don't know if that'll work or not. There are about 10 recipes per baking setting, so plenty to choose from to get your feet wet.The only problem I had so far was at some point the kneading paddle scraped the bottom of my bread pan. I have no idea why or when and it doesn't seem to be doing it now. It was disappointing to see, since it removes the nonstick coating and will eventually rust, so I'll need a new one. I emailed Breadman to see if they'll replace it under the warranty, they emailed back immediately saying they would ship one out to me, but that it was currently "out of stock" and it would send as soon as it was in stock. I'm still waiting and its been over a month, I'll update if and when I finally get one.
I happily squeezed several lemons. All appeared to be well. The unit quickly (and loudly!) really cleaned out the inside of each lemon half. However, we waited and waited for the juice to come out. It never did! It just pooled inside the unit, and there is no way to get the juice out of it. I have no idea what is wrong with it; the parts in question do not move. I had to tilt it upside down (mind you, a container with no middle) to get it out. Also, the storage is very awkward. You have two top units, and one small base to store it on, which tends to topple.I am not inspired to use it on more complicated fruits and vegetables if it can't get lemon juice into the container.
EDIT: On Saturday April 21, this machine died...no power what so ever, would not work in any outlet, no display, no bread. I am sad.I have never ever used a Bread machine before, I am not good with gadgets! If the instructions are difficult, you can expect me to get blurry eyed and maybe try to use the item at a later time. The instructions for this machine are so simple. There is virtually no assembly required! Its a big machine, and I had to make room for it BUT I think its small enough to store underneath in a cupboard when not used.The recipes that come with it are also easy to follow. Just add each ingredient in the order listed, follow instructions, and walk away. I made two of the recipes, the white bread and the french bread. The white bread I chose the light crust, and the 1 pound recipe. The French bread I made dark crust and 1 1/2 pound recipe. Both were so yummy and came out perfect.The Breadman Bread machine cleans up in a snap, basically all youre going to wash is the measuring cups.My only issue about the whole thing is that it is a little loud, but for fresh bread I would tolerate a screaming Banshee.
The title says it all: it doesn't power-on. Too bad--I was looking forward to playing with this and attempted to run the required preliminary "Rapid-White" cycle that burns off the mineral oil used in manufacturing. Plugged it in, no beep, no display. Alas.I'd be willing to take a shot with another one but I doubt there are any more available in Vine (if it's replaced, I'll delete this review if the product merits a revision). However, at this point in time, suffice it to say that the Breadman BK1050S's shoddy feel is confirmed by the fact that mine doesn't work straight out of the box. Just another piece of PRC-made junk. Why we surrendered our manufacturing base is beyond me. :(Update: I was informed that the machine is mine to dispose of (how green--I'm sure the landfill on Staten Island will appreciate the addition) since I can't be supplied with a replacement. The review stands and caveat emptor, prospective buyers--you might want to look into a Zojirushi instead. And many thanks to my fellow Voices for the negs.
(See the bottom for my update)This will review will cover three things: using the Breadman, manufacturing defect, and customer service.Use: This is the first bread maker I've owned. I don't know a lot about bread making, but found the directions to generally be clear and straightforward, and the machine easy to use. You simply dump all the ingreadinits in the Breadman -- liquid first -- and then set the mode to the type of bred. For my inaugural loaf I made 100% whole wheat. Overall I was pleased with the results. The bread was a bit denser than what I typically buy at the bread store, but that didn't affect the taste.The instruction manual comes with 55 recipes for bread, 18 for dough and 12 for jam.Manufacturing Defect: I've been unable to make a second loaf because the kneading paddle (piece of the machine that mixes the dough) scraped off a the non-stick coating on the bottom of the bread pan (see my attached picture). I'm certain I didn't do anything wrong -- it looks like due to a manufacturing defect there's not enough space between the paddle and bottom of the bread pan.Customer service: On a Sunday night I filled out a customer service form on the manufacture's website. On Wednesday they emailed me back with some follow up questions about the model number. On Saturday they responded saying that they would replace the kneading paddle and the bread pan, but they were out of stock of both items. As of the date when this review was written, that was over 14 days ago.While the response time was good (but not great), the wait for the replacement is unacceptable. If the item is out of stock for more than a week (and especially more than 2 weeks), then they should just remove a paddle and pan from the box of a new unit, or just send me a new unit and ask for the old one back.I was satisfied enough with the one loaf I made that I'd like to recommend the Breadman, but it's hard to do so given the problem with the paddle and pan, and long amount of time it's taking to get a replacement -- if I was shipped replacement parts immediately, it would be a whole other story. Maybe I got really unlucky, but this is the first time in years that I've had a problem with an appliance right out of the box.UDPATE: 5 months later I have yet to receive the replacement parts. Customer service keeps telling me they are out of stock. I think that's BS -- they're hoping I'll give up or forget. If the parts really were out of stock for so long, then they should have just just removed them from a new machine. Given how terrible their customer service is, I strongly urge people to not buy any Breadman products.
I received this product about 2 months ago, and it was missing the kneading paddle.  Without that tiny piece of plastic, this bread maker is completely useless.  I sent an email to the company, and they replied to tell me they'd ship the part as soon as it was available.  Apparently, it's been unavailable for a couple months now, so my new bread maker is doing nothing but collecting dust.  I can understand certain things not being in stock at all times, but waiting over 2 months for a 10-cent piece of plastic is pushing it.Sometimes, reading a warning about a seller's customer service is just as useful as a product review, so even though this isn't about the product itself, I thought it could be of some use to anyone considering buying it...>> Update: Now 4 months later, and not a word from the manufacturer. Doesn't look like this company stands behind their products.>> Update II: I sent another email, asking for an update on the replacement parts, and they basically said: that part still isn't available, and we have no idea when or if it ever will be.So if you buy this, beware - a warranty is worthless if they don't make replacement parts.
I was happy to get this.  I have an older Brita water pitcher in my fridge that I use.  I haven't changed that filter in forever - but I don't use it that often.  I know they tell you to change these (expensive) filters every few months, but if you don't USE them very often, then what's the point?  But I digress.-So I got this water pitcher.  And I was excited because of it's claim to be "5x faster".  And it IS - fast, I mean.I opened it up, washed the pitcher and the top lid and followed the instructions to run the filter under cold water for a few minutes.  You can see just in doing that step that it's much faster in filtering water.-The first thing you should know about this pitcher is that it's BIG - about as wide (or wider) than a gallon of milk.  This is why the filter works faster: the filter itself is a big disc that fits on the top of the jug.  The surface area used to filter water is much larger than the filter used in the Brita pitchers.  I liked my old Brita filter because it was slim and I could squeeze it into my fridge no problem.-The filter goes on top, and it doesn't even really click in or feel secure.  It's just a giant disc sitting on the top of the water pitcher.  Now, I was able to fill the pitcher up with no problem - you'd be surprised at how fast you can pour water onto this filter and see it pour through the filter.  BUT:  I worry that someone (ME) might not pay attention and might pour water into it just a bit TOO fast, thereby allowing the regular tap water to overflow and spill over the sides of the filter and into the jug.  This is a big design flaw, I think.  I don't see how this filter is very snug or secure on top - And it's white, so it's hard to see where the top of your water is that you're pouring into it.  A few times I stopped to check and make sure it wasn't overflowing because I couldn't tell.  With my old Brita - you COULDN'T cause tap water to flow inside the jug, because the top unit was a seperate compartment.  So - it's the lesser of two evils: This new one filters MUCH faster, but if you're not paying attention, you could easily cause tap water to spill inside the jug.  The old one took much longer, but I could quickly fill the top resevoir and then set it back in the fridge to allow it to filter that water.-The lid really doesn't feel secure.  It sort of fits snugly onto the center part of the filter, which itself doesn't feel secure to me.  I really was not comfortable pouring water.  I expected the top to come off.-With that said, I still haven't gotten to my main gripe: there's nothing covering the part where you pour out the water.  There's like a big 1 inch hole/gap at the part where the water comes out.  I don't understand this at all.  My old Brita pitcher had a plastic cap that would automatically open when you tipped the pitcher over.  I know it's not air-tight, but it was better than nothing.  I really am not comfortable with leaving this water sitting in my fridge soaking up odors and/or possibly having something fall inside it (dirt? bug?).-I still haven't gotten to taste.  It was fine.  I checked it against my older filter, and they were the same.  This new one didn't blow me away, but it was an improvement over plain tap water.--PROS:* Speed. Filters water much faster.CONS:* While filtering, water could easily flow over the top of the filter and inside the pitcher.* Size.  I know more is better, but this thing is HUGE. A slim design is what I need.* Top is not snug.  At no time did I feel confident that the filter or top lid were securely in place.* Nothing covering the opening where water pours out.--***** UPDATE 12/12/2011 *****I threw it out.  Once, while taking this from my fridge, I noticed there was a BUG floating in the water.  That really turned my stomach.  I immediately threw this thing out.  My place is CLEAN, trust me, so I have no idea how this bug made it in there.  I think once I left it on the counter after filling it up - and it probably got in through that huge opening in the front that has NO cover on it.  Because of this, and because of it always spilling through that uncovered opening every single time I took it out of the fridge: One Star.  I bought a new Brita which filters much slower, but DOESN'T SPILL!!!
I live in an area where the tap water tastes good, so I've never looked to filtration to improve the taste. What I want from a filter is to remove the things in water that might be harmful -- heavy metals, bacteria, parasites, etc. Imagine my surprise when I read the instructions to this filtered water pitcher and learned it doesn't filter out ANY of those things. What's it good for, then?On top of that, the pitcher is incredibly top-heavy. It takes up a HUGE amount of room in the fridge, and is very difficult for children to use because it's so awkwardly designed. Finally, because the filtered lid doesn't actually cover the spout, the thing sloshes water around in the fridge any time it gets knocked around by an over-eager rummager.Sorry, 3M. I usually adore your products but this one needs to go back to the drawing board!
I used to associate high-quality with the Bodum brand, after their beautiful double-wall glass cups. Being an electric water kettle fanatic myself (see myZojirushireview), I was thrilled when I saw that Bodum has an electric water kettle in the Vine newsletter. Maybe they have some innovative design up in their sleeves?I am sorry to report that this kettle has been less than impressive, even after taking its price point into account. Yes, the heating element is concealed so cleaning is supposed to be easy, and the kettle is cordless so everyday usage is supposed to be convenient. However, these two pros are both negated by two design flaws. The smaller one is the fact that the lid cannot be fully opened---it is hinged in the middle and so you only have half of the opening to insert your hand for cleaning... if you hand is small enough in the first place. The larger one is safety. This kettle insists on bringing water to a boil after it has been started. There is no "off" button, and if you unplug it/lift it off the base in the middle of a boil and then replug/reseat it, the kettle will resume boiling on its own. Normally this is not a big problem (though a negative point already), but coupled with my experience that this happened once even after I have already emptied the kettle, I no longer trust that this kettle can be left plugged in when not in use and we ended up having to unplug it all the time... so much for the convenience of the cordless feature! (Eventually we shelved this kettle from the office. It's just too dangerous.)Sorry.
Purchased because of the laudatory reviews on Amazon. Item arrived on time, well-packed. But immediately out of the box it was defective! When the unit was turned on, the motor whirred but did not grind any beans and no grinders were moving. Unplugged and reset it multiple times, same result. The unit was well constructed of sturdy materials and the burrs were metal (as opposed to other brands with plastic burrs). Esthetically it was pleasing but it did not work, so repacked and reshipped it to Amazon. I purchased another Cuisinart grinder instead.My review is for that particular unit and is no reflection on the brand, which I am led to believe is good.
Dear old KitchenAid hand mixer,It's true that I doubted you. That jazzy red Bodum caught my eye, with its retractable cord and colorful housing. Yes, I strayed.Unlike you, dear KitchenAid, that Bodum turned out to be all looks and no performance. In the hand it feels clunky and out of balance. The retracting cord turns out to be attached to a crank, awkward to use and hardly an improvement. The cover on the speed button fell off immediately. And when I asked it to cream some butter for cookies, those Bodum beaters just couldn't handle it. All it wanted to do was sit on the counter and look pretty.So. old KitchenAid, take me back, will you? I promise not to replace you. And when your final day comes, I swear I'll choose another just like you.M. Feldman
I really needed a good hand mixer and thought this was going to be the one. Here is why it wasn't:#1- It is very large and clunky and not at all well balanced. It is over 2.6 pounds, I think it's more cumbersome than my mothers old 1950's Oster!#2- It is very noisy. It starts out OK for a brief second and  then sounds like it's grinding rocks, really loud annoying sound. My husband said it was the cooling fan coming on but it was a grinding sound like it was going to rattle apart.#3-I tried to cream butter and sugar and within seconds a good third of it was thrown all over the counter and up the walls. I tried a very large tall bowl and the same thing happened. There is no low setting at all, when you turn it on it goes from high speed to warp speed in 5 useless settings shooting food all over the kitchen. I have to wonder if the maker of this mixer has ever baked anything!#4-The mixer comes with dough hooks which I found amusing. The power is so high I would have concern for my wrists holding on to it. Who makes bread with a hand mixer anyway, just silly! I think this would have been better suited for mixing concrete in a bucket maybe they should market it with longer beaters for that purpose. Bodem, stick to the intended purpose of a hand mixer and don't try to make it something it is not. It also comes with a little whisk which threw eggs right out of the bowl too! Way too high power right off the bat this desperately needs low settings to be useful.#5- I liked the idea of the retractable cord but it takes a lot of turns to get it back inside. Not to much to complain about there I still liked this feature even though it takes some time to retract it fully it's better then a lose cord.I could have lived with the weight and cumbersome size but the noise and NO low speed makes this completely useless to a home baker. Bodem, put a couple low speeds on this mixer and  you might have a descent product, warp speed is just not necessary in a hand mixer and you always need to start on low or everything flies out of the bowl.
We were eagerly anticipating our Bissell Easy Sweep. We were hoping to use this to touch-up our home when "surprise company" calls from the lobby. When the box arrived, I thought it was the DVD collection I have ordered. While I was initially concerned at how (unbelievably, impossibly) petite the package was, we decided to maintain an open mind. About thirty minutes later, our open mind slammed close ...Cons:-Yes, the handle is extraordinarily flimsy. (I cannot imagine it enduring much abuse or even long-term use).-It has precious little power. (We have Berber carpet which has a VERY low profile. The sweeper literally stalled-out on it. The grinding sound was not inspiring.) (And, it did a pathetic job on tile ... I had to repeat the same area over and over just to pick up a little debris. Using a Swiffer cloth would have been MUCH faster).-The bristles on the beater-bar are positioned in VERY wide intervals. So the sweeper misses the majority of debris (the affected area has to be gone-over again and again).-Another charger, another outlet consumed, another few dollars added to your electric-bill.Pros:NoneI know this item may be tempting, but I highly recommend old-school carpet-sweepers likeBissell Swift Sweep Sweeper. They are MUCH sturdier, have MUCH better pick-up, are MUCH quieter, are MUCH easier to clean, and do not take-up valuable space (since this must be charged, it's difficult to stow it away in the closet. Thus, this unsightly sweeper is "on display" in one's home. Yay).
There is exactly one thing i've found that this product does well: picking up dry cat food on a hardwood or tile floor. So if your main reason for considering a powered sweeper is that your cats are really messy with their kibble, give this one a shot.If there's anything, anything at all you want your powered sweeper to do other than that, you'll be unhappy with this product. Here's why:1) It can't clean edges. The cleaning brush can get no closer to the wall than about 1/2 inch, on the sides or the front. So unless you're going to do a first pass with a broom to sweep all the dust and debris into the middle of the room, this product will not do a good job.2) It's hard to steer. The handle connects to the base with a mount that allows full rotation, presumably for getting hard-to-reach spots, but it's so loose that you can't steer in a straight line. Getting the sweeper to exactly where you want it is unreasonably difficult.3) It's only good for picking up medium-sized stuff. As i said above, cat kibble is the perfect mess for this sweeper. Cat litter is too small - most of it just gets rearranged on the floor. Dust just drifts right back out again. And anything larger than kibbles won't get picked up at all.4) It only works on hard floors. Despite the packaging's promise that it works on low-pile rugs, even on super-low-pile rugs like doormats the brushes slow down so much that they can't pick up anything at all.5) Pet fur just gets tangled around the brush, so if you have pets, assume you'd spend as much time cutting mats of their fur off the cleaning brush as you spent sweeping it up in the first place.In addition to all those major flaws, it just feels like cheap garbage. It sounds like a caffeinated hamster provides the power on a poorly maintained exercise wheel. The 'hands free' emptying button is awkward to push, and you'll probably just end up using your hands to close the compartment afterward, so your hands will get dirty anyway.Even if someone offered you one of these sweepers for free, i'd advise against taking it. It has almost no redeeming features.
Given the high cost of this knife and the newness of the ceramic blade trend,(it's new for me, anyway), I was a bit disappointed with how this knife performed. The blade itself didn't seem all that sharp and while it did cut the vegetables nicely, it wasn't as effortless as I had anticipated. The handle doesn't fit my hand all that securely and cutting with this knife is not as comfortable as I had hoped. Honestly, it won't be the knife I go to first when wanting to slice up something in my kitchen.UPDATE: My son was using this knife tonight and the blade separated from the handle and cut him slightly. Whatever glue they used to secure the blade is NOT high quality and such a flaw could really injure someone. User beware! I have to give this one star because of this.
After opening the package, I grabbed the first thing close at hand - which, like the other reviewer who posted here, just happened to be an apple.The very first apple cut very impressively. It was the next apple (and the apple after that) which were the problem. The blade became amazingly dull - I had to press noticeably harder with each apple I sliced. If the knife loses quality this fast, what happens after I use it for cutting something more substantial than an apple?Edited this review to make the following observation: the knife itself is clumsy and difficult to handle, and what felt 'strange' in my hands like a dulling knife blade was in fact, not a blade losing sharpness, but rather a knife that was badly designed in the first place. You have to apply way too much pressure on the handle at an odd angle. The knife just isn't balanced right. Also, my blade (as noted by another reviewer) is not securely anchored to the body of the knife. I actually don't plan on using the knife at all because it doesn't feel safe in my hands. I have plenty of mid-priced ($20-40 each) quality knives in my kitchen, and none of them feel this cheap in my hands.If I'd paid for this knife, I would have taken it back to the store for an immediate refund, even if I'd only paid $20 for it. Had I paid only $10 for it, I would have just thrown it away.
Not only is this cheap plastic, it is virtually useless.Every single piece of banana gets caught in between the "blades" and you have to finger push them through only to have them crushed into mushy pieces.This is the worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon.It can't slice bananas, it only destroys them.
Why do companies bring products to market before they're perfected or before they've managed to solve all the issues the products claim to address?This thing doesn't even unpeel the ****ing bananas. How am I supposed to slice something that isn't unpeeled? This is bull****.
The spoons are very pretty and initially worked great.  Now after using for several months they are starting to separate at the seams where the different colors of bamboo meet.  I'm afraid to use them as food can get trapped in the cracks now. This was pretty expensive to only last a few months.
I received this Rachael Ray Tools Bamboo 5 Piece Tool Set in Orange from Amazon Prime for review.  If there were a way for me to return them, I would have, as they arrived cracked and falling apart.  Needless to say, I never used them and cannot recommend them for puchase.
After seeing the 4 and 5 star ratings of this product, I figured it was pretty good. Not so, if one reads the reviews. Only one person thus far has said it made good French Press coffee. These are my problems with this product (and at least one of these was so for most other reviewers):1. Used coarse ground coffee and my coffee still had grounds in it. Don't even bother trying with regular ground coffee: undrinkable, unless one likes sludge. I tried it, out of curiosity.2. Having to pour one's cream and sugar into the sip hole is difficult.3. The directions say "stir", but that's not possible through the sip hole. That was the second indication that little or no thought went into this product.4. The plastic sleeve shifts.5. After using it a second time, when I unscrewed the lid, the press came unscrewed, and is now stuck at the bottom of the mug. I have not figured out how to remove it without damaging it.6. The plastic sleeve has the words "bodum THE BEST WAY TO MAKE FRESH COFFEE & TEA" embossed on both sides. Simply having "BODUM" on it would have been fine, but for all that advertising, this product looks more like a pharmaceutical giveaway than what I'd expect from Bodum, the company that introduced the French Press to America, and not just an overpriced travel mug, which is what I will use it as (if I ever get the press out of it).7. Even as a thermal mug, it isn't that great. I left a hot cup of coffee in my car for an hour and a half. When I returned, my coffee was cold.
When I received this item and opened the box I was a little confused because there were no instructions included. I left it on the living room floor for a day until my spouse could figure out what to do with it. Once he figured it out and we got it together it was much larger than I thought it would be. It has six separate compartments that snap together to make one large unit or you can personalize it and make it several smaller units. This will sit nicely on a desktop or workbench or it includes wall mounting materials. Great also for a kids room, they can separate their toys (for Polly's or Lego's~). ******UPDATE: After owning this for a few months we've found it impossible to use and have since thrown it away. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM.
*UPDATE 11-18-2011It broke!  It just stopped working.  Dead.  Threw it in the garbage.  Hubby & I both looked at it & found nothing wrong.  It simply died.  What junk!  We don't have kids.  It simply sat on our counter top & was used by both of us everyday.  In the first 3 months or so I was the only one using it a mere 2 times a day to make tea.  Hubby accidentally broke his glass peculator so he started using this too.  Now we are back to using our Cuisinart electric water heater.  We bought it used at a yard sale for $1 & have been using it for years!June 13, 2011I decided to try this out because I am a tea drinker & my husband is a coffee drinker.  This seemed to be the perfect solution for us.  When it arrived & I unpacked it, I was a bit surprised by how small it is.  This is both a positive & negative.  It's positive (for us at least) because we have a teeny tiny kitchen with virtually no counter space.  The long shape & small size means we can tuck it toward the back of the counter & still use it while having most of our counter space.  The negative is it makes about 2.5 cups.  The water reservoir says it is 5 cups maximum or 20 ounces.  What Bodum considers 1 cup is actually 4 ounces NOT 8 ounces (I measured it)!If I am using the machine for tea, my husband has to wait until I'm done & vice versa.  This can be annoying when we both want a hot morning beverage at the same time.  I don't like that the water reservoir is plastic.  I prefer glass over any other material esp. when it concerns something I ingest.  I feel a little better about it because the little pot/glass the brewed liquid sits in is all glass.  I LOVE that I can start my tea & walk away & not have to worry about it getting cold if I get caught up in something.  I like to brew my tea to death, so I don't worry about over brewing.My husband said he has to use too much coffee with the machine & it still tastes watery & weak.  He thinks it's a waste of coffee.  He also doesn't like the 2.5 cup brew maximum.  He normally uses a glass peculator on the stove top to brew his coffee.  He doesn't use this unit anymore.  He tried it a couple of times & feels it is a waste unless he wants one cup of coffee.So it looks like this unit is better suited for me!  I use it almost every morning.  I like the idea that when we have company, I can offer french pressed coffee as well as percolated for the coffee fans in my life :o).  I love how it hardly uses any counter space at all.  I think this is one of those items that needs to suit your lifestyle.  I guess if my husband didn't want a gallon of coffee in the morning that was super strong, then it would be the perfect machine for the two of us.  Looks like it's "my" tea maker - until company arrives!
Five stars to one star.Nice job, Dirt Devil.Original review:Perfect for a small place, this Dirt Devil has more suction than you'd guess.Wonderful not having to use bags, and easy to empty.Filter can be rinsed clean.Hose has great suction, a real plus (but do yourself a favor and stretch it out full when you set it up, as it'll go twice as far after you do that for a  minute or three).Easy to assemble, took two minutes.Nice long power cord.Somewhat thin plastic, but seems to be holding up fine.At less than fifty clams, it's a bargoon for those who don't like to vacuum but know they have to!Updated review, 10/2/12:Unless I'm vastly mistaken, black smoke pouring out the bottom of a vacuum cleaner is a bad thing, right?Yet another Made In Crapland piece of crap.Big sigh.Cheap is cheap for a reason, clearly. What's the single most vital thing in a vacuum? The motor, quite obviously. So when a vac is this cheap, guess where they probably skipped on quality?Yep, the motor on this little devil is toast after less than ten hours' use. TEN! Used it about five minutes a day for the past few months, simply picking up lint and some doghair off a light carpet, nothing major at all, and then two nights ago, POOF!!Clouds of black, acrid rubbery smelling smoke coming out the bottom of this piece of TOTAL JUNK. A message from the Head Devil, perhaps.The things I liked in my original review are good, but what good is ANY feature on a vacuum when the motor ain't working?Funny thing is, my better half had a Dirt Devil in 2006, a taller bigger one, and the exact same thing happened, minus the black smoke. At least she got six months' use out of it.In short, and let me emphasize this:AVOID ALL DIRT DEVIL PRODUCTS.Period.They make them like they're just out for a fast buck, but vacuums should last years, correct? One time is one thing, but two bad units out of two is unforgivable. Frankly, Dirt Devil can go to hell.I sure am glad I got this for free, because that is precisely what it is worth: nothing.Want a reliable vacuum?Buy a Bissell or a Hoover.But whatever you do, DO NOT BUY A DIRT DEVIL.Sincerely,A very honest reviewer, vine or otherwise.
Our wonderful $200 Sears vacuum needs to be fixed, so we have been using the Dirt Devil Quick Lite Plus Vacuum Cleaner in it's place for the last few weeks.CONS:No retractable cordBottom hose doesn't stay in where it's supposed toPretty noisyPROS:No bag--both ecofriendly and economical!Fairly decent suction, picks up pet hair tooLightweightGREAT Price!This vacuum isn't ideal, but hot diggity, for a vacuum under $50, it's pretty awesome.**UPDATE May, 2013**Dropped the rating to 1 star because the engine is making that 'overheated' and 'about to burst into flames' smell. We had to unplug it quickly and our house smelled like burning engine for about an hour. So much for "eco-friendly" when you have to throw an entire plastic vacuum in the landfill.We're taking our old one to the fix-it shop instead of buying another cheap one like this model.
I had high hopes for this blender.  It was the size I needed, and my first few smoothies were great.  Then, a piece of ice got caught in the blade, and the motor seized up and burnt out.  Well, there's not much you can do with a blender that won't blend.
There's a few things I like about this carpet cleaner but without suction it is worthless.I have an old Hoover..maybe 5 yrs old and it's suction is 10 times greater than this Bissell.The Bissel is bulky, and the power button is on the lower front and you have to bend over to turn it on or off. A big deal at my age after vacuuming.  I tried to use the duster brush...First the rotating brush on the bottom of the unit was tearing my carpet so I felt the need to prop it up off the floor and secondly they forgot to put bristles on the tool and thirdly without the suction it really did a poor job.Very disappointed....
We love burgers and we really love stuffed burgers so I really wanted to love the Stufz burger maker. My husband looked at it and said &#8220;neat, if that really works&#8221;. I said &#8220;why wouldn't it work?&#8221; Well after attempting to use, it doesn't work.For years, I've used a patty maker. The kind that just presses your patty so that your patty has a uniform shape and stays together better on the grill. I thought this was similar so I didn't see a problem before I used it. I tried to use it but it just doesn't do what it says it does. It doesn't make that pocket for the stuffing. I could never get a well to form.I feel bad having to leave a one star review because I was given a complimentary product from the manufacturing in exchange for an honest review. My honest opinion is that if I had paid for this, it would be going back for a refund.
I didn't know anything about this product until the As Seen on TV people contacted  me to test it and then post a review... so I went into this totally 'blind'.  I thought it was a very good ideaI came out of the experiment older, wiser and poorer by about 6 bucks - the ground meat and fillings.I couldn't get anything to seal, when I did manage to get on burger done and cooked on my George Foreman - the middle never cooked.  Nothing like a burger with unmelted cheese and cold bacon inside!This is a good idea that just doesn't work for most people.  Perhaps we just don't have the patience, or have received defective products - but it would have been less costly for me (in time and money) to got out for burgers.
First of all the color is not &#34;sage&#34; but Army Khaki green. The pocket is too high up on the apron to be useful. It is near my bust line. The fabric is very thin cotton (Made in India) and I doubt that it will prevent my clothing from getting splotched with grease stains or other cooking splatters. I haven't washed it yet, but having bought aprons and used them for almost seven decades, I can tell you it will wrinkle terribly and shrink too. There are far better aprons with more substance on the market than this one. It is not my idea of a good apron. N self-respecting chef would wear this apron.
I received this item for free through the Amazon Vine program, and I have to say, it's a pretty useless invention.First, it requires 6 AAA batteries.  Second, it is HEAVY and huge.  Third, it makes a loud, obnoxious WHIRRRRING sound every time you use it.  Fourth, since it's activated by tipping, if it falls over in your cabinet, well, all your things will be nicely seasoned.  And let's throw in number five--it's ugly.As someone else mentioned, the pepper comes out very slowly.  For the salt side, you have to buy lumps of salt.  My supermarket doesn't carry LUMPS of salt.  And what would be the point of grinding your own salt anyway?The ad for this grinder touts its one-handed use while cooking.  Seriously, I cook a lot and never once thought, "If only I could grind my pepper with one hand."I'm puzzled by this item and don't recommend it.
Sometimes you have to wonder why something was invented. The Bodum Bistro Automatic Gravity Activated Salt and Pepper Grinder, Red is one of those items. Who thinks up this stuff? And why? And who in their right mind would spend money on something this ridiculous? Not me, certainly. I got it for free through Amazon Vine, and even at that price it cost more than it is worth.This is a solution in search of a problem. What problem would that be? I can't imagine. Perhaps a one-handed cook who prefers to buy salt in large chunks, to be turned into small chunks "on the fly"?So what is wrong with it? Let me make a list.- The batteries. I had to make a special trip to the store to buy 6 triple-A batteries before I could even try this thing out.- The size. This is a big, heavy tool. If you have weak hands or carpal tunnel or a small spice cabinet, then forget it.- The texture. There are large embossed "Bodum" letters on the side, making the handling experience even more unpleasant.- The color. Fire-engine red doesn't really go with my kitchen. It comes in black, orange, red and green. Is there something wrong with white? Or stainless steel/silver? Who picked these colors?- It didn't work. Really. Only the pepper side would dispense pepper. The salt side ground twice, and then quit. Tipping and shaking and jiggling didn't get it started again, but it did get pepper all over my kitchen counter.- No lid. A lid on the pepper would have helped when I was trying to jiggle the salt.- The size. For a utensil this huge, you would expect it to hold more than one tablespoon of peppercorns, wouldn't you?- The speed. The pepper comes out SLOOOWLY. Probably the salt would do the same, if it came out at all, which it doesn't.- It didn't work. Did I mention it won't ground salt? Why does anybody think they need to grind salt anyway? Is it a status symbol thing? "I buy salt in bigger chunks than you, because I'm a foodie and you're not". I don't get it at all.So forget it. This stupid thing is getting banned from the kitchen. I'm trying to think of some other use for it. Bookend? Boat anchor? Truncheon? How about this:Buy it and send it to the obnoxious kids of casual friends who are always sending you thinly-disguised gift requests in the form of graduation announcements, weddings, and showers. Put it in a box and mail it off, and you will feel satisfied that you sent them exactly what they deserved.
My normal disclaimer: I received this through Amazon Vine for free to review (as did anyone else whose review is labeled as a Vine review). This being said, I do always rate things just as if I've paid for them.I'm not really sure I'm THIS lazy. Yes, I'm lazy but too lazy to grind my own salt/pepper/spice? Not really.If you do a lot of cooking and use a grinder for salt/pepper/spices, then this might be a life saver, given it just requires you to tilt the grinder, it begins its grind and you tilt it back up once you have the perfect amount of seasoning on your dish. If you do a lot of cooking and only have one hand free, this is for you (I don't have this requirement often and if I do, I just set whatever is in my hand down; for you, this is probably a 5 star device, no question). If you like a ton of salt/pepper on your dishes and your hand/wrist fatigues quickly with a manual grinder, this one is for you. I guess if you have a disability that prevents you from using a regular grinder this might be good for you as well. It's nice, but the reality of it is that it is completely unnecessary for me as I don't use ground spices frequently nor do I have a problem grinding the salt/pepper when I do season.One thing you need to contend with when it comes to regular grinders is batteries. This thing requires SIX (6) batteries! To me, that's just insane. I can't justify the added cost to the grinder for what little I really need an automatic grinder for. As the other Vine reviewer stated, purchase yourself some goodSANYO eneloop 4 Pack AAA Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries. Just remember to purchase 2 sets of 4 so that you have 6 batteries.An option you might want to explore to save on batteries is theCuisinart SP-2 Stainless-Steel Rechargeable Salt and Pepper Millswhich is rechargeable right from the "dock." Of course, if you keep your grinders on the kitchen table, there may be no outlet close by or you might not like the look of it on your table. I guess my point is that there are other options available. And then you have the MSRP of that puppy... $130. No thanks.For the MSRP of this single device, you can easily buy a pair of automatic grinders, such as theKalorik PPG26914 Brushed-Stainless-Steel Battery-Operated Salt-and-Pepper Grinder Set. There are options out there, but if you want to save space, the Bodum is the one to buy since it's a single device.Refilling the grinder is a snap. Open the one end, pour in. You can also easily set the fineness of the grind, which is awesome (any good grinder should offer this, of course).Pros:simple to filleasy to useno cordsselectable finenesscan be used for any grind-able spicesalt AND pepper grinder (or dual grind-able spice grinder)fastCons:Priceuses batteries (keep stock on hand)only necessary if it fits a need you have (I don't have any need for this grinder)The grinder is well built, without question. It's easy to use. It's easy to fill. The problem is, how many people really grind enough spices/seasonings to really justify the added cost of an automatic grinder? Not me, that's for sure, but for those that do, this is a really good grinder in my experience.UPDATE 8/31/2011- Roughly 3 months into ownership of this "wonderful" device and guess what? The pepper mill portion no longer functions at all. I'm going to email Bodum and see what a replcement process will put me through. Will update when I know more.
I am extremely disappointed with this towel set. This material is way too thin for a bath towel, there are already loose threads that had to be cut off, and there's also a noticeable and unpleasant odor as soon as any of these towels make contact with water. Repeated washing didn't take care of the problem. There's nothing for me to recommend about these towels at all.Edited to add: The bath towel is ridiculously difficult to get dry after even moderate use. It stays heavy and wet. I had to put it outside on the swimming pool fence to get it dry - inside the house, the towel never dried. Not a good product at all.
I received this vacuum and used it for about 10 minutes and it did an ok job.  I put it away to use it later.  The second time I got it out to do a real cleaning, I used it for 10 minutes (on a hardwood floor, no less) and it overheated so badly that it shut off and would not start again.  I contacted Hoover and they told me that it was designed to do that and that I should check the filters or look for a reputable repair service (after 20 minutes of use? really?).  I used it again and the motor did start working again, but when I tried to vacuum my rug, it literally picked up NOTHING.  I picked it up and sat it down on a piece of fuzz, ran it back and forth, and it was still there.  So, after a total of 30 minutes of use, I have ordered a Dyson and will throw this one in the trash.
I wrote the following review in July, 2011.  But the blender quit this weekend.  It did not last a full year.The Black & Decker 475-Watt 4-Speed Metal Blender is a good mid-range appliance.Many mid-price blenders now have plastic blending jars, and, unfortunately, this is usually the first part of the blender to break.  The B&D; has a 48-ounce heat-resistant glass jar.It also has four speed settings - mix, blend, chop, smoothie - that should suffice for most users.  Actually, I use ours primarily for smoothies and have had no problems.  The ice crush option also comes in handy for summer drinks.It's dishwasher safe.  And easy to clean.  It's also loud, but then I've never had a quiet blender.The all metal drive delivers, but since so much of the blender body is plastic, calling it a 'metal blender' rather than a blender with 'an all metal drive' confuses the consumer.
I've had this vacuum for less than 6 months, and it has already broken twice.  The problem is in the junction of the wand with the head--there's a fragile plastic connection here that has twice snapped off.  I was able to get it repaired the first time, but to my dismay it just snapped off again--and this is not an easy fix. Also, the cables within the snapped area are looking frayed, so I worry that there has been some significant friction, and I think the entire vacuum is a shock or fire risk right now due to this fraying.Here are some other bad features:It's loud!  It's definitely not something to use while the baby is asleep or while carrying on a conversation.The heavy wand head is overkill for my wood/tile floors, and is awkward to get around tight corners.  It also cannot be moved sideways, but must be constantly moved in a front-back motion.  I feel this makes it harder for me to quickly vacuum the edges of a room.It's relatively heavy for its size.  It makes vacuuming the stairs a bear.If it weren't for its tendency to break, I would probably still recommend the vacuum for its good qualities (highly effective at getting up dirt, dust, and pet hair off hard floors and carpet; no bags; and various nice details like attachments' stowage, retractable cord, and easy set-up).  But given the issues I've had, I would be mad if I'd paid good money for it.Instead, I recommend theElectrolux UltraSilencer Green Canister Vacuum Cleaner, EL6984A, which is extremely quiet, can have sideways wand motion, and is much lighter to use.  I've had it for longer than the Hoover and with far fewer problems.  Bags are a little bit of a pain, but not as much as I'd feared.
This Bodum Electric Grill has a couple of things going for it:- It looks great and evidently that's what you're paying for (more on this later)- The cooking surface is two-sided (one flat, one grill-like) and can easily be flipped. It's also got some substantial weight to it so it feel like it's good quality and the instructions say it's dishwasher sageThat's about it for the good stuff. Here's the bad:- Overpriced compared to the competition. Almost 4 (FOUR) times the price of other grills that perform better- Extremely bulky. This is a big massive beast. Definitely not something to leave on the counter or hide in a corner- As many others have mentioned there are no temperature markings on the controls so there's no way to tell what temperature you're getting out of it.- It just doesn't get hot enough. In my tests I had a hard time grilling anything. In fact I gave up and just went back to my a pan on the stove. And this is after pre-heating.- There are plenty of hot and cold spots on the grillI received my grill from Amazon Vine for evaluation purposes. If I had purchased it I would have sent it right back. Since I get to hold on to it I'm putting in the garage with the other junk I never use.
The CBTL milk frother does a fantastic job. It's much faster than other frothers I've used, looks good and is easy to clean.Unfortunately, it doesn't last. I first had a problem when the plastic frothing attachment broke. I contacted CBTL customer support and they shipped me a replacement at no charge, which was nice. Then, after only three months of light use (once every other day) it stopped working altogether. Getting a replacement from customer support required sending them proof of purchase to get an RMA, then shipping back the frother. I received a brand new replacement... which failed 4 months later. At this point, I'm sure I could get a replacement again but I don't feel it's worth the hassle.My trusty oldCapresso frothPROtakes longer, but at least I can count on it.
This product is easy to use, easy to clean, and makes great frothed milk for your coffee drinks easily and quickly.  Period.  It's small and easy to store.  The cord is a good length.  However, I am concerned in reading all the other reviews about the reliability of this unit.  It seems like many reviewers are complaining about it failing after just a couple of months.Right now I am happy with mine - it works great and if it keeps working, highly recommended.  I will return to post the reliability in a few months.UPDATE SEPT 2013:Sorry, folks, took me some time to remember to come back and update this review, but this frother died a month after I started using it.  From reading the other reviews, it appears many others have experienced reliability issues.  Downgrading this from 4 stars to 1 star.  Sorry, I cannot recommend this product.
So, I just got this a couple of days ago, and I have to admit it is awesome!  Great coffee, great cappuccino, great espresso, etc.!  I think you get what I'm saying here.  However, just like Keurig  machines, this "one packet per cup" is just SO wasteful!  Yes, the taste is yummy... and I've been making about 3 to 5 cups a day between regular and decaf.  Once my packets are up... just not sure what we will do.  Will update in the future.  The milk FROTHER is a FIVE STAR item though.  Works great.  Would be better if it had a heating aspect to it though.  Only frothsUpdate on 1/20/12 - I would NEVER recommend this machine.  We have had this for approximately 6 months.  It does not get even daily use - just several times a week.  We started out using it a lot, but with 2 coffee drinkers in the house, brewing  a full pot is more economical.  Now we just use in the evenings for decaf or on the weekend when we are home more.  We have already had to send the machine back to the company for a replacement.  Now the replacement is doing the same things.  Often it will "blow up" the capsule and not brew the coffee.  Or it will not brew a full cup, only a tiny amount no matter which size cup for brewing is selected - not even enough for an espresso cup.  We have followed the directions for use and care.  I would expect a lot better results from such an expensive item.Update on 4/22/12 - With pretty poor customer support from their end, we have given up on this unit and are recycling what we can/ trashing the rest.  Again, this product is not recommended in any fashion.
I thought these would be nice so that I had a designated pair of scissors strictly for use in my herb garden. I love most OXO items but there is nothing much I liked about these snips. First of all the handles are not ergonomic at all and hurt after just a few uses. The other issue is if you snip herbs that are even a little woody like rosemary and basil the handles cross pinching your finger tips and after the third blood blister these went flying in the trash. As for poultry forget it, same issues and the rubbery handles would make me concerned about holding salmonella especially the opening where the metal goes into the rubber. The outer part of the handle is all rubber and flexible, the inside of the handles are rigid and have metal inside. The only good thing is they come apart for washing, but so do real poultry shears and even some scissors. These are just very uncomfortable to use and they simply don't work well for much of anything except making blisters.
UPDATE:  My induction cooktop turned out to be defective.  While making grilled cheese, the cooktop suddenly stopped heating up the skillet.  Then, I smelled a terrible burning smell.  I quickly unplugged the cooktop, but the smell continued.  I can only guess the mechanism inside was still melting or burning!  Normally, I would return the cooktop to the manufacturer, but something just kept smoldering in there and so I threw it away (in an empty metal garbage can).I also wrote to the company to complain about the issue and no one replied to my email.  I would have thought that someone complaining about a defective item would have at least elicited some response from the company.  However, BergHOFF didn't reply to my complaint.Below is my original review.  I had liked this item, but obviously, there are some quality control issues going on here and no longer recommend this item:I'm not a fan of cooking in general.  I usually go with the easiest possible method in order to cook food and that usually means the microwave.  The BergHOFF is great though and makes it fun to cook outside the microwave.  I'm fascinated by induction technology.  Basically, when ferrous material (the cooking pot) comes into contact with the cook top's surface an electromagnetic field is generated.  This field heats up the pot.  The heat is pretty much instantaneous like a gas cook top.  Boiling water took about the same time as it would take in a microwave.The pot itself is also really nice.  It feels extremely sturdy and well crafted.  It is almost too sturdy in that it's very heavy.  I'm a weakling, so I use two hands when it's full and still hot.The cook top's controls are simple to use.  I didn't have to read the instructions to figure out how to work the cook top.As others have commented, the cook top is large, so you need a decent amount of space on your counter top.  I'm willing to give up the counter space since this is so much more fun to use than a regular stove.  In fact, if my stove broke, I would not probably not bother to replace it and just use the BergHOFF instead.
This vacuum is in the vein of the Hoover Windtunnel model but is a vast improvement, in my opinion. I think it is better for the following reasons:-- quiet operation during the normal mode (still not as quiet as my electrolux green, but getting closer)-- the vacuum head is much smaller and easier to maneuver into corners and smaller (usually dog hair/dirty) places. It is also easier to lug around than its much bulkier Windtunnel ancestor.-- the "super vacuum" function (sorry, can't remember the patented name for it) is great, but does make the vacuum cleaner noisier. This function is the one way in which this vacuum is better than the best vacuum I own (and I probably own 10 of them by now) in that you can vacuum carpet almost as well as a bulkier model (like my giant Kirby). Because it is lighter it doesn't bear down on really thick shag carpets like the Kirby, but it does a respectable job and is much easier to haul up and down stairs.-- works very well on tile and wood flooring-- very easy to empty and the fact that it doesn't need a bag is great (and much cheaper than  my other vacuums)Cons:-- cheap, cheap hose that gets kinked at the drop of a hat. Not sure what Hoover was thinking with this incredibly cheap and flimsy hose, but it is really irritating and makes the job of vacuuming last longer than necessary.-- odd shape of the canister that tends to get stuck on corners or furniture. It would seem like the fewer ridges and such that protruded from the canister the better. This one seems to get hung up on corners and other items in the house. Maybe it's a necessary part of the design, I'm not an engineer.-- difficult to empty canister without getting your hands filthy-- it's still quite a bit heavier than my electrolux, which pretty much does comparable cleaning. Maybe this wouldn't be an issue in a single story dwelling, but I own a 2-story bed and breakfast and we are toting vacuum cleaners around every day, several times a day and this unit just seems heavy (let me put it this way, I reach for the much lighter Electrolux Green, first)Overall, I'd say the best feature of this vacuum cleaner is the lack of a bag. It is wonderful to not wonder how fast your (expensive) bag is filling up, which is definitely the case with the tiny (expensive) electrolux. This Hoover is great for dealing with real nuisance items like leaves blowing in the door every time you open it, straw/hay/grass all over the place. The Hoover picks it up and I don't feel bad about wasting yet another bag.NOVEMBER 2012 UPDATEWe had to start using this vacuum cleaner heavily when we broke our Electrolux Green. This didn't last more than two weeks. The mechanism just started making a whining noise and not sucking enough to pick up anything. We looked at the main unit and the spinning, cleaning head and couldn't see what could be causing the problem.This is the second Hoover I've had in the past year and they just don't last long, in addition to some of the awkward design problems they seem to have. I hate to throw it away, but we live in the boonies and getting anyone to fix anything is practically impossible. I guess this will join its mate in my barn, too new to throw away, but not able to to do the job.
pros:-quiet-pours very well-fairly fast-heating element is concealedcons:-doesn't beep when done-tacky LCD with not too obvious controls or symbols-has plastic in it (water gauge), I have no idea if it's BPA or other possible bad-chemical free-has "THE SHARPER IMAGE" logo under the water level gauge, sorry it's not very tasteful.-controls are in the handle but won't turn off on their own so to avoid vampire draw, I would either have to unplug or remove kettle from the base.EDIT Dec 2013:Some stuff is peeling off the bottom so now it's contaminating the water? Changed rating to 1 star.
I've been moving over to glass storage containers and getting rid of plastic in my kitchen. I recently bought the Pyrex  14 pc storage set and that is what I am comparing the Boroseal set to.The Lids: While prettier to look at, my experience with snapware lids leads me to believe that these lids simply will not last. Repeatedly locking and unlocking them will cause the platic to deteriorate and, eventually, for the tabs to snap off. This has not happened yet but the lids are very similar in quality to the plastic snapware that I still own. The hinge connection is very thin. Also, while the description on Amazon states that the lids are BPA free, nothing in the box suggests this. The product is made in China and I will be uncomfortable storing anything hot using these lids.The rubber seal: These require removal for cleaning especially if you are storing liquids in these. Skipping on this leaves it a breeding ground for bacteria and fungus. There is no dip in the channel the seal sits in so it is really difficult to pry them out. You can use a knife to do this but knicking the seal would make it another spot for bacteria to grow.The containers : These are pretty standard Pyrex-like containers. It is a little annoying that the pieces do not stack but, in the instructions included, they are not supposed to be stacked anyway!?!?Packaging: (If this is important to you, as it is to me)Considering that the product only contains 4 dishes and lids the box was way too large. While padded with cardboard there is further padding with plastic and bubble wrap. Pyrex had it's entire 14 pc set nested and packed snugly with paper and cardboard alone. After unpacking that set, everything was recyclable.Bottom Line: Where it comes to using glass storage containers I will continue to look to Pyrex. Their lids and containers are made in the USA and that makes me infinitely more comfortable regarding food storage. The Pyrex lids do not have the easily breakable snaps on the sides, nor do they have a seal that needs to be removed and cleaned. And - to top it all off - they are cheaper!
UPDATED November 2013:  This review merited updating quite a while ago. Once this product hit its first birthday, its productivity went down, down, down.  It has been steadily readying itself for a trashcan.  Even after dismantling sections of the unit to remove clogs, the unit will not pick up hair or pieces of dirt to a standard that would lead me to proclaim a room clean. I find that the unit needs to be unclogged every week or so; it is an ordeal to keep this thing operational. I stand by my opening comment below, that prospective purchasers should look at other options until Hoover can redesign this.  A vacuum should last longer than a year.  I shouldn't feel that I need to go over a room with another vacuum after using this one.OLD COMMENTS:One of my favorite vacuums is made by Hoover, but it is not this one.  Besides the Hoover Windtunnel, I have used aHoover Platinum Lightweight Upright Vacuum with Canister, Bagged, UH30010COMand aHoover Zen Whisper Multi-Cyclonic Canister Vacuum - SH40080.  The Windtunnel has several positive features but also several negative features that prompt me to recommend that a potential purchaser of the Windtunnel consider another option until Hoover can redesign the vacuum.Pros:Maneuverable:  One of the reasons to select an upright is the ease with which it can be moved around corners.  The Windtunnel is fairly maneuverable.  Its weight detracts from this characteristic.Hose is easily popped out:  I love how the hose can be popped out easily so that crevices and couches can be cleaned as you maneuver about a room.  With the pop of a button, the hose is removed and just as easily replaced.Cord length- I haven't run across many vacuums with a 30 foot cord.  I can do my entire first food without having to plug the machine in a different outlet.Air-powered hand tool - Amazing.  This little gadget is affixed to the hose and operates like a mini vacuum head.  It is perfect for cleaning couches and steps.Each tool has a place - I typically hate tools affixed to a vacuum because they fall off or don't have a place on the vacuum so you have to store them somewhere in the house.  The Windtunnel has a specific spot for each and every tool.Grabs smaller items (dog food, glitter) well - It is easy to use this vacuum on hard floors.  I frequently have dog food and food particles that need swept in the kitchen and this vacuum does a good job picking those items up.  I also have carpets and it seems to do a good job on carpet as well.Bags last - Hoover knows how to make bags last on a bagged vacuum.  I get about six weeks out of one bag, which is less than with my Hoover Platinum but still good considering that I have pets and vacuum several times a week.Cons:Design flaw- expandable stretch hose - Did I get the runt?  My stretch hose with attachments barely gets to fourteen feet and that is an effort to achieve.  I love having an expandable hose where I can position the vacuum at the base of the steps and use the hose to clean the steps.  Unfortunately, the hose is really designed for steps that are maybe eight to 10 feet high - not 17.  Stretching the hose required considerable effort and heft.  I got a little workout.  If you are not strong, achieving this 17 feet reach is going to be difficult.  More than this, however, I feel that stretching the hose to this length is dangerous.  If you drop the stretched hose, it will snap back - not creep back - potentially hitting the wall, a child, a pet, or even a window that might be positioned on the steps.Design flaw- dial hard to turn:  The unit has a dial to enable the machine to adjust to different floor types, but the dial is on the base of the vacuum head.  There are two issues with this.  The first is that people with poor backs could be in an uncomfortable position to have to readjust the dial to different floor types in the house - my house has three floor types.  The second issue is that the dial is very, very difficult to turn.  You are supposed to push the dial in and then turn.  I lift weights on a regular basis and this dial was not easy to spin.  If you will always use one setting, then this design aspect may not pose a problem.Design flaw - Hand tool clip:  There is a clip on the front of the vacuum that the user must affix.  This clip holds the air powered hand tool, which happens to be the heaviest attachment for the Windtunnel.  First, the clip is very difficult to attach properly.  Second, the placement of the heaviest attachment on a somewhat insecure clip would lead me to advise you to wear shoes while vacuuming.  The air powered hand tool is not heavy like a brick but it is still of sufficient weight that it falling from the handle to your foot will lead to pain.Design flaw - cord exit point -  I couldn't understand why I was constantly stepping on the cord of this vacuum.  I never step on my Hoover Platinum's cord.  After examining both units, it was clear, the exit point for the electrical cord from the machine is at the bottom of the unit - right by the feet.  Now, do this a few times and there is probably no damage.  Do this over the course of a year, and you will likely end up with a cord that is pulled out of the machine.  The Hoover Platinum's cord exits from the top of the machine, which elevates the cord sufficiently to reduce the likelihood of one stepping on it.  UPDATE:  There is a little clip near the top of the handle that will allow the user to clip the cord up.  It is actually labeled, if you look closely.Heavy:  This machine is so heavy.  It takes a bit of effort to push about and you don't want to be carrying it to a second floor.  If Hoover wanted to create an option for folks that just can't get a workout in each day, this would be the product.Vacuum head is wide:  The head is fifteen inches wide and this sounds good because it makes it seem like you can cover more carpet in less time.  With a wider head, however, it is harder to get into spaces between couches and between dining room chairs.  With a wider sweeper head, you may need to use the attachments or move furniture.Plastic, plastic, plastic:  It is pretty much all plastic.  Many types of plastic are brittle and subject to breakage.  Nearly everything on the Windtunnel is plastic.  I prefer metal and sturdy cloth.Loud:  Vacuums are typically loud so this isn't a huge con in my book.  This vacuum is definitely louder than the Hoover Zen.  It is especially ear piercing when the air powered hand tool is attached.Other points:Assembly required:  Some assembly is required for the Windtunnel.  It is not a lot of work, but does require the user to find a Phillips screw driver.  It is necessary to attach the handle before the front cover.  If the user attempts to attach the cover before the handle, it will not affix securely.  This is covered in the directions but adventurous types may throw the directions under the couch.Air quality:  With the Hoover Platinum and Hoover Zen, I noticed a very distinct difference in air quality when I used them.  I didn't notice that so much with the Windtunnel.  I don't know if that means it is picking up more or less dirt/dust but I perceive it may be less.Country of origin: This product is made in Mexico.Concluding thoughts:I don't think the Hoover Windtunnel is better than the Hoover Platinum, which requires bags and comes with a stand-alone canister component.  The Hoover Platinum really made me a tough evaluator when it comes to vacuums.  It has a lot of what I value in a vacuum.  The bags last (up to ten weeks in our house), the product picks up substantial amounts of pet hair and dirt (from humans and animals alike) and is of a very sturdy, yet lightweight, construction.  It isn't clunky since the canister is a separate component that can be used when needed.  It has one height setting.  It has no hose.  Additionally, it is easily maneuvered around corners.  The beauty of the Hoover Platinum is its simplicity. Some folks want all the attachments to be on a machine, if needed.  While the Windtunnel is fully equipped, its other flaws make it a vacuum that I would avoid.UPDATED: After using this product for a considerable time, I cannot recommend it.  What started out as a three star vacuum is more like a .25 star unit.
2ND UPDATE:  I started out loving this vacuum cleaner which replaced my Eureka Boss.  Now, as stated below, the suction channels clog up and the floor pedal no longer stops the brushes from rolling.  I contacted Customer Service who was no help at all.  I even took my Hoover to the only authorized repair shop in town.  The guy tells me there is no way to fix it, he can only clean it (just like I did).  He said it was a faulty design by Hoover!  Repeated calls and emails to Hoover are ignored.  I even took pictures of the vacuum parts that were clogged and emailed them, but still no relief from Hoover. BTW  Hoover is owned by Techtronic Industries located in (where else?) Hong Kong China.  Enuf said.*****UPDATE HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THIS VACUUM:-- Suction channels are clogging big time....only about 1/3 of debris makes its way to the bag.....Even disassembled all the roller/brush parts, cleaned out the hoses, made the vacuum look brand new....still doesn't work right;-- Floor pedal lever no longer keeps the brushes from spinning like it's supposed to.  Have to keep my foot on the pedal firmly to prevent the brushes from spinning when using the hose accessories.I looked to see where I can take this vacuum for repair:  The only place within 50 miles of my house is in a seedy area downtown on MLK JR Drive.Emailed Hoover to see what my options are...will update if/when I hear from them....meanwhile wish I had my Eureka Boss back.I received this vacuum through the Amazon Vine Program in return for a review.  I don't give a lot of five star reviews, but I had been looking for a replacement for a Eureka Smart Boss VacEureka 4870GZ Boss Smart-Vac Upright Vacuumthat I've had for more than eight years and that I liked so much I overhauled it myself with new parts.  I doubted that this $150 vacuum would rival my beloved Boss Vac.  But it does!  First, it's about five pounds lighter than the Boss Vac.  My wife always complained she couldn't push/control the Boss because of its weight.  (so guess who does the vacuuming?:) This Hoover is not light.  But it glides over carpet and floors easily.  The things I really like about it are the little extras such as:--extra extra long cord.  Who likes having to change outlets in the middle of cleaning?--extra long hoses that stretch and then retract out of the way.--tool holders that ACTUALLY hold the tools.  (I note that one reviewer had trouble affixing the tool holder to the handle.  I thought it was a little "tight" but it's designed that way so the tool holder doesn't work its way off and thus become useless.  (I got a bunch of "onboard tools" from other vacs that no longer onboard but are stored in a box in my garage.)--Hepa filters (don't know why anyone would buy any cleaner without them).--easy to assemble.--easy to change parts (belt, filters, bags)--"touchless" bag disposal is nice to have but surely not a necessity.--effortless (and I do mean effortless) switching from bare floors to carpet.  (MY Boss Vac took a lot of muscle to change).Can't believe this vac is only $150.  Amazon rocks!
The fact that I got one for free from the Amazon Vine program doesn't detract from the desire to throw it away the day I received it.The only reason I'm not is because of the rules of the Vine program.However, if it were not for those constraints, this would already decorate the inner recesses of my garbage bin and be on the curb for pickup tomorrow.When I opened it, I had hopes.  Granted, I have never been impressed by anything from Dirt Devil before, and was somewhat biased because I've used Dyson for so many years and have yet to find something that worked as well in my opinion (including a Eureka vine offering last year), but I thought a canister van would be handy for more awkward places like stairs and such.  Plus this would be something I could have my 8 year old use to clean up his mess when he gets chip crumbs on the floor or something.But as I said, I still had hopes.  The size was right, the weight was decent, and they have a small holder for the little attachments on the handle - always one of my pet peeves, a vacuum that can't store it's own attachments.  What impressed me the most were the wheels - they're similar to wheels on some airline baggage, that allow full 360 degree rotation.  Not just the front (as I"m used to on canister vacuums of the past, from wheel can turn and rear are fixed), but all three wheels (one in front, two in rear) can pivot in all directions.  I don't know how many times I wished for something similar so I could just shove it SIDEWAYS with my foot while using it, rather than having to have forward motion of some sort to move it at all.  That's a very nice feature, and I was looking forward to it.  And the metal extending tube was nice as well, giving some flexibility and allowing use when standing straight up.Got it assembled, nice and easy, no tools needed, took about two minutes.  Pulled out about half the cord, and that's where I started to think this wasn't going to go well.  It was a real struggle to get the cord out and the foot pedal to release the spool didn't have any impact.  So I plugged it in, and used the highest suctions setting.  Tried it on my carpet, which isn't deep or thick, and it didn't spin very well at all.  Pushing forward just about totally negated the spin (it uses an air turbine to spin it, not a motor and belt, so it's totally dependent on a lack of friction and suction power to let it spin well).  Pulling it backwards would let it spin alright (since that would be the direction of spin) but not much.  Even little things like chip crumbs had to be gone over two or three times to get picked up.  And the end of the beater bar that the wand inserts into doesn't have much of a range of motion, leaving it somewhat limited.  Not to mention there's no "lock" to keep the tube in one position.  So if the handle you're holding twists at all in the female end, then it's just going to be twisted off center.  They should have had at least some kind of a "lock" to keep it secured and in one position.Alright, I thought, that's fine, I have a nice vacuum for the carpeted areas.  I can use this for my tiled areas, or the stairs that get almost no traffic going to the basement.  So I tried it in the kitchen and the performance was acceptable on the bare floor.  Worked it around the whole kitchen, under the edges of the cabinets, and the edge suction worked alright in this environment. Same with my mud room coming from the garage - cleaned alright, but even on the flat runner I have to protect the floor (no nap really at all) I had to go back and forth a few times to get it to pick up the tiny little stones that got stuck in the bottom of my son's shoes in the sand he was in at the school's playground.Then came the final straw for me and any vacuum - the cord retrieval.  This one didn't.  I mean, not at ALL.  Explains why I had problems getting it pulled out in the first place.  I depressed the foot pedal, not knowing if it would simply be spring driven and pull it in on its own, or if I'd have to give a little tug to unlock it and let it then reel it in.  Neither.  It would not go in at all.  I pulled out a little, still nothing.  I pulled out a little more, nothing.  And in case it was off the spool a bit inside I ended up tugging it bit by bit all the way to the end, so there's nothing that can be binding it.  And it will not go back in.  I can stick my finger inside the opening enough to feel the outer edge of the reel, and can push on it and get it to move about 1/40th or so of a turn, but it would take me an hour to reel in the whole thing at that speed.  I tried for 5 or 6 minutes, hoping at some point it would "catch" and start moving, or whatever was binding it up would loosen and let it work, but it did not.So I'm stuck with a vac that doesn't clean carpets very well, is only adequate on hard floors, doesn't have a very good way to secure attachments to the end of the wand to keep them from rotating, and can't store the cord.  The only real upside was the wheels, which does me no good when the couple good ideas are lost in the overall poor design.So I'll wait for the requisite time needed for vine items, then this will go into the trash.
The concept of the Ambia ACH-120 Portable Two Zone Ceramic Heater is ingenious. A dual-module heater where one of the modules detaches and can be moved up to 6 feet away from the base unit? What a great idea! The heater also generates a decent amount of heat. But the big problem I have with it is the noise it makes. The fan itself is pretty noisy. And because it has a thermostat that cycles the unit on/off in order to maintain a desired temperature, the unit goes on/off quite frequently. To make matters worse, it's not a gradual on/off, either. It's a very abrupt on; and a very abrupt off. And when it goes on, there's a pretty loud click that accompanies that, too. I haven't owned a lot of ceramic heaters. In fact, I only have one other one. But that one has a fan that gradually slows down/speeds up in order to maintain the desired temperature. That approach is much less annoying, in my opinion. The noise this heater makes when it goes on/off even scares my cats. I really like the concept behind this unit. And it does a decent job of heating up a small room. I just don't like the noise it makes. One last point: It would be nice if this heater had more than just the one fan speed setting. A low/high option would've been a nice feature.UPDATE (2/16/13): This heater has been retired from use because of two reasons. 1.) The right unit only works intermittently now. It became a crap shoot as to whether or not the right side would work every time I turned the heater on. Sometimes it would. Sometimes it wouldn't. I felt like it was unsafe to operate the unit. 2.) My wife discovered that while the heater was running the plug got incredibly hot. Not just warm, but HOT. We never plugged it into an extension cord or power strip; only a grounded wall outlet. But the plug got so hot it was almost too hot to touch. Again, it seemed like a safety issue. We already disliked the very noisy fan and the loud clicking noise it made when it came on. The safety concerns were the last straw. I would recommend staying away from this heater.
Edit 12/15/11:I absolutely loved this little heater (see the original four star review below) when we first got it and had merely used it a few times to review it. But now that it's cold, it has proven unreliable or worse. The primary heater - the one attached to the base - began cutting out more and more often when it warmed up.  The bad thermostat will only let it turn on for about 60 seconds now.  (I check it, but don't dare leave it on.)  We've continued to use it until we acquire a new space heater since the removable heater still works. It doesn't really give off enough heat for the space we warm - it's not supposed to - but far better than nothing.However, two nights ago, the working heater's thermostat started going south as well.  It turned off twice, after about an hour each time, but came back on again.  Same thing last night.Worse, we tried the original side last night, too, and it came on for less than a minute - and sparked as it went off.  The heater is dangerous and only fit for the trash can.It's a pity, because we absolutely adore the idea behind this two-pronged heater since we each get our own personal heater to turn on or off as we like.Original 4 Star Review:This little heater is the answer to a problem we've had for years - my husband and I usually sit kitty-cornered to one another when watching television, and one of us ends up too hot or too cold, depending on who's getting the lion's share of the heat. (Oscillating heaters don't turn quite far enough to accommodate our layout.)We like to keep a space heater beneath the end of our tall glass coffee table.  Even with a regular space heater, this helps direct the heat where we want it, but with the Ambia heater, it works ten times better.  I can tilt one side of the heater up slightly and suddenly our pile of cold cats moves off of me to sprawl luxuriously on the warm table top, leaving my hands and laptop free to work.  The tilted unit gives me the amount of heat I want -- I prefer to be on the cool side.  My mate turns the other heater directly on himself and happily toasts himself in ways that would have me running for the chilly outdoors.I really like the fact that the heater is easily separated.  I've brought it to our office, where our desks our about five feet apart and we each get the amount of heat we want, where we want it.  He turns his up high, I keep mine low.  It's great. Quiet, too.The one big drawback is that the heater doesn't turn off if it tips over -- and it will do so fairly easily if the units are separated.  Or at least it will if you have cats or dogs moving around. Or little kids. Because of this, careful placement is important.  Also, it's vital to unplug the heater when not in use because it's very easy to leave on without knowing it. The heater faces become very hot very fast and I think a tipped-over heater on carpet could well be a fire hazard.Also, if you have cats, be careful. Dogs, too, probably. Felines have a different sense of heat than we do and can practically set themselves on fire before they realize they're too hot.  Don't let your beasties cozy up too close to the heater face. And keep little kids away - they'll burn themselves, too.Even with the drawbacks, I love this heater and recommend it!
I received my chair this afternoon and put it together soon after. At first I was impressed because of the quality of the construction. The base is metal, the arms are metal with leather padding. The overall look is great. So why 1 star? The build quality isn't all that it seems. I'll upload a few pictures showing what I'm talking about. But I noticed that on the back of the chair, the part where you screw the back to the arm rests on the sides one of the bolts was bent and I am unable to secure the back on with all 4 bolts, instead I could only use 3. I attempted to bend the bolt back and couldn't get it to budge. So now I have a pretty nice chair with the back held on with 75% of the screws. For a cheap big box chair I would expect something like this. But spending over $100 on what is classified as an "executive" chair this should NOT have happened.Because of the build quality of the chair I received and the fact I should probably return it I am rating this down to 1 star. I will attempt to contact HON and see if they can send a new back piece to this chair and if so I'll revisit this review, but for now due to the fact the chair I received was damaged and unable to be fully assembled I have to give it 1 star.Also note, when opening the box there is a "revised" set of hardware to assemble the chair. Don't use the set inside the box with the chair pieces but use the pack that says "revised". Apparently this chair had other issues at one point.I do ask if you find my review as not helpful, please leave a comment so I can update the review to make it more helpful to you.
This iRoomba 780 series has a MAJOR design flaw!  It is NOT designed to pick up pet hair!We have two rescue dogs, and our floors need cleaning daily.  This Roomba lasted 3 weeks before it had to be replaced. The problem is when the hair gets trapped around the axle shaft and it causes it to fail!
Let me preface this review by saying this is the first water pitcher/filter i have used. Unfortunately it was not a good experience. I generally just get water bottles in multi packs or a gallon and will continue to do so.One thing that really annoyed me was that it takes ~10mins to load the pitcher up fully. The product says it is 3x faster that other filters, but can that really be true? It would thus take other pitchers 30mins which seems unlikely; but like i said, i dont have any previous experience with other water pitchers. If you dont have a place to set it up under the faucet its even worse; cause then you have to hold the pitcher.Also i dont think it filters the water very well. I still get a slight unfavourable taste from the water after filtering. Nothing undrinkable mind you but it disturbed me still. Maybe i have just gotten used to the taste of packaged water in water bottles.I looked around on amazon for other filters/pitchers and there are alot of cheaper ones than this that look like they would also work better. The only positives i can seem of this product is that it can hold a good chunk of water and it looks nice aesthetically.So to sum up i highly recommend you avoid giving your hard earned case to this product.
Takes for ever to filter water...u have to stand at the tap for a few minutes to allow filtration to occur.  Pointless.  Filters are expensive.  Other brands work better and faster.Would have been great if they had a place for water to sit before it filtered down into the main jug.Do not recommend. 1/5
I have both the vertical and horizontal variants of this heater, and I've posted pictures of them together for those who are considering both.  Other than aesthetics and footprint, the primary difference is that the Ach-220 has a digital thermostat.  This is a plus for most people, but for users of a separate timer thermostat, it is a deal breaker, since the unit will not turn back on after a power failure.I have noticed a few complaints in the reviews.  While I don't doubt their honesty, I can only judge the unit I was given.  In terms of the thermostat, the temperature it displays is identical to the one measured by my home thermostat.  It correctly shuts off and on to maintain the temperature I set and puts out a good amount of heat.  Also, there is a complaint about the lack of a locking mechanism for the two units.  I thought the same things until I read the manual, and found that the two unit do indeed lock together if you slide the top on in the correct way.  I can pick up the unit and the bottom half does not try to fall off.The unique aspect of this heater is the ability to heat in two locations, which is very handy for more evenly distributing the heat in a room. Drafty rooms are managed better, with less of a "heat pocket" only around the heater. It is also good for directing at one person from multiple locations to avoid one side feeling cold, or allowing two people to have their own. In the latter case, those two people need to be close together. It may be more practical to buy two space heaters and set each to low power. Speaking of settings, this unit allows either side to be on individually, or both to be on simultaneously. There is no low power setting which allows both sides to output heat. I think this is a fine compromise to avoid too many controls.Overall, this is a good heater with a clever twist. In terms of heat output, it does well, as any ceramic heater with this power usage should.  Noise is typical.  I have had both quieter and louder, so this is not the right heater if you need silence.  Otherwise, if the price is right, I would recommend it.Edit:  I have lowered my rating after getting the "thermostat glitch."  What seems to be happening is that heat accumulates near the thermostat and has nowhere to go, so the recorded temperature is far too high.  This makes the thermostatic control - turning on and off - worthless.  It can take around an hour to regain an accurate temperature setting once this happens.If you like this idea, I suggest the horizontal variant, which does not have this issue.Edit2: Although not mentioned in the manual, there is a website for customer service: [..].  I will let you know if they resolve this issue.Edit3: I have had no reply from customer service.  It seems that they do not exist.
This product is too expensive for what amounts to a plain old blender made out of plastic. Yes it has a spigot and a huge collar so you don't slop ingredients all over the place, but so what? Is that worth what can amount to an extra $75 dollars spent?At first, I was impressed with what the sellers of this product claims it can do. So far, I have found it can do nothing that I need it to do. It does not really shave or grind or chop up ice so there goes my hopes for yummy, slushy coffee drinks. It did not take the lumps our of the ice cream when I was making milkshakes so there go my thoughts of having smooth, cold, thick, diet breaking shakes. It did not chop my almonds into a fine grind. So no Hungarian Almond or Walnut Kifli! Frankly, I am not even going to waste perfectly good meat or poultry to find out if I can save a few cents by grinding my own. And no I'm not going to use it for making quick breads since it is so easy to do so with a bowl and spoon and not have something that is such a pain to clean at the end.And why would I want to use this product to grind my own meat when the fact is, it would take me more work to clean the machine  since it is so difficult to clean.For the life of me, I cannot figure out if this machine can go in the dishwasher and apparently the manufacturers cannot figure it out either since the box then the manual give conflicting reports.
I started with a simple protein shake - almond milk and protein powder - and that went fine. I added banana to the mix the next day, and that went fine.Then I added a frozen banana and ice. This thing doesn't blend. It mashes. And that kind of sucks for something that should, y'know, blend.The next day, it wouldn't turn on. I hit the reset button and it was fine for anything not frozen.The next day it wouldn't turn on, period.1 star for performance and reliability. Tossed it. Not worth the frustration.
At first glance, the Earth Pan nonstick cookware is a nice addition to any kitchen.  The cookware has an excellent nonstick surface and the attractive designer look makes them nice enough to store in plain sight.  Unfortunately, this cookware failed within 30 days of regular use.  I uploaded pictures to show the outer surface peeling off to show bare metal and the non-stick cook surface flaking off.The cookware was never stacked and was always hand washed.  No metal utensils were used.  This is completely unacceptable and I discourage you from buying products by this manufacturer.I did call to find out about warranty.  The factory warranty is 90 days and they informed me that to take advantage of warranty replacement, I should box up and ship defect pots into them.  They would then review the condition of the pots and send me replacements as warranted.  Personally, given how quickly these failed, I don't see that as being a very good deal.  Shipping costs of these heavy pots would be significant and I have to assume the new pots would fail just as quickly.PROs-------------The sandflow surface truly is "nonstick" (details below)Attractive finish lets you store them in plain sightHandles stay cool to the touch during useHandles are oven-safe to 350 degreesPerfectly flat bottoms mate well with smoothtop stovesCONs-------------Bottom surface is a bit thinner than other cookware I've usedOutside finish began peeling off within 30 days of first use.Non-stick surface began flaking off within 30 days of first use.PERFORMANCE-------------A key attribute of nonstick cookware is the performance of the nonstick surface.  I'm pleased to report that the Earth Pan sandflow surface is so far a perfect nonstick surface, comparable to brand new teflon.* Fried eggs slide right out of the pan with no scraping.* The residue of boiled chicken stock rinsed out without touching the pot.* Burnt cheese also rinsed right out without any scrubbing.Another key attribute is how well the cookware actually cooks your food.  The Earth Pan cookware is also excelling in this area.  The pans have a machined bottom surface that perfectly mates with a smoothtop stove.This perfect mating allows for fast, even heating.  Hash browns cooked in the frying pan came away evenly browned.  A dab of butter melted evenly across the surface and did not pool; further evidence that the cookware has a flat bottom.DURABILITY-------------I can't yet speak to the durability of the nonstick cook surface.  I am using the small frying pan 5 days a week for breakfast so it's getting a lot of use.  I will update this review if the nonstick surface begins to decline.  Also, I'll post a 1-year update in February 2013 regardless.MISCELLANEOUS-------------The external bronze color is kind of sparkly, like the paint on a high-end car.  This contributes to the stylish appearance that, in my opinion, makes this cookware handsome enough to store in plain sight.The handles of the pots and the lids stay cool to the touch during use.  You don't need a heat mitt to handle either.  Further, I tested the handles in the oven and indeed they did not suffer any discoloration or other issues after 40 minutes in a 350 degree oven.  This is consistent with adveritised claims by the manufacturer.The handles are sturdy which gives one confidence when handling the cookware.The included lids form a perfect seal on the two pots.  Also, the large lid forms a perfect seal on the large frying pan.  Sadly, the medium sized lid is about .25 inches from being a perfect fit for the small frying pan.  The manufacturer does not advertise the lids as being interchangable but it sure would have been a nice touch if they had done that!Because the pots are square to the bottom and about 1/2" taller than my old tapered pots, they hold water lower from the top which is helpful in reducing boil-over.One slight negative is that the bottom of the frying pans and pots is a bit on the thin side.  I've used frying pans with beefy 3/8" heat sinks.  The Earth Pan cookware seems closer to 1/4" in thickness.  That does allow for swift heating but also means that addition of something cold to the pan will more quickly take heat away from the surface.  This isn't a major negative but something to consider.SUMMARY-------------Overall, both the pots and the frying pans have been great additions to my kitchen and I hope to get many years of good use from them.
This scale uses button batteries. I prefer a scale that uses standard AAA or 9v. batteries. I am more likely to have spares of those on hand when needed.Pressing the on/off button, it takes about 4 seconds to "boot up." It will weigh in lb/oz, ml, fluid oz., and grams. In imperial mode it reports fractions instead of decimals for partial ounces. Though it may be a matter of preference, I prefer the decimals, as it is easier to read at a glance. Unlike some scales it will remember the mode between uses. The scale will weigh up to 11 lbs./5 kg.The display itself is decent. The numbers are large and the blue back lighting is nice. The back light comes on every time the weight changes, a feature I like.To me, the calorie reporting abilities of this scale are more of a gimmick than a useful feature. Entering information is like texting on an old cell phone, and is painfully slow. There are faster and better ways of obtaining the calorie content of foods.Using this scale as a scale is an exercise in frustration as well.The buttons are small and close together. They will inevitably get gunked up with food or liquid. Cleaning between the buttons requires a Qtip or something similar. Any cleaning liquid will most likely will seep inside around the buttons.Unlike other scales I have owned, this scale does not have a separate weighing platform bit senses weight thru the four feet on the bottom. As such, the entire body of the scale senses the weight. If you don't have the scale on a completely flat surface you will get inaccurate readings.Since the entire body of the scale senses the weight, pressing buttons affects the reading. I know, for instance, I use about 8 oz. of pressure pressing and holding the on/off button turn the unit off.It doesn't report negative weight as other digital scales I have owned do. For anything below "zero" the scale simply reports "negative load" instead of, say, "-5 oz."Finger pressure also affects the "zero" (tare) feature. If you put a bowl on the scale and press "zero" the weight of the finger pressure is added to the weight of the bowl. When you remove your finger, the scale will revert to "negative load." The only way to get a O.O reading with the empty bowl on the scale is to put the bowl on the scale and then turn it on.This really comes into play when you want to do multiple weighs. A recipe may call for 400g flour, 180g. chocolate chips, 60g Baking soda, and 5g. cinnamon. I would normally weigh them into the same bowl, zeroing the scale after adding each ingredient. So I put the bowl on the scale and turn it on. Weigh the flour. Press "zero." The scale will read "0.0" until I remove my finger, then reports "negative load." The only way to weigh the rest of the ingredients is to transfer the contents to (or use another) bowl, re-zero the scale by turning it off, putting the empty bowl on the scale, and turning it on for every ingredient. You simply cannot do multiple weighs (multiple ingredients in the same bowl) with this scale. This is a deal breaker for me.Had I paid for this scale it would have been returned. It will now be relegated to postal scale duty.
I really wanted to like this but I just cannot.. Have tried to put it through the ropes 4 or 5 times now and it just doesn't perform well. Leaves alot of stuff behind and doesn't even go to some places so I guess there is not much else to say...It did not pick up well on my: Carpet, Tile, Hardwood or Bamboo floors! One nice thing I can say is that it holds a charge pretty well but thats the only thing good about this "devil" machine!
Its not often I write a bad review but this one is well deserved and hope this will save someone out there from wasting their hard earned money on this cheesy vacuum. First off lets start with making it know that I am a robotic fanatic and have owned many of them ranging from Roomba, Neato, Samsung, And Electrolux Trilobite. I currently own a Roomba 535 and a Neato XV11 of which both are very well built and work very well.Ok now for the Roommate. I received it over a week ago and when the post master handed me the box I thought nothing was in it because it was so light. I opened it and my first thought was this must be a toy. It is made of very cheesy flimsy plastic and yes I know it cost less than a Roomba or Neato but it is not even in the ball park for quality or what it can do. Mine was already broken right out of the box. One of the plastic covers that holds the wheel in is broken making it unusable. Also the main battery is missing. I made a call to Royal customer service and after a very long wait on hold I finally spoke with a rep and explained my problem. She was not at all knowledgable about the product. After a run around she said she would have to order the battery but did not know what to do about the cover. All the while I am thinking why not just send an exchange unit but that was never even considered. She comes back to the phone and said she found one of the vacuums in the back and removed the used cover and said she would mail it to me. Wow this company is really cheap! Whenever I had a problem with either the Roomba of Neato they promptly send a replacement unit and then I would send the defective unit back. Never have a dealt with a company that would take used parts off and send them to me.Ok well after a few days I received the plastic cover and installed it. I still to date have not received the missing battery so I can't verify if it will even work. From my inspection of the unit it is really more of a toy than a robotic vacuum. I really caution anyone considering buying this. You will be throwing your money away. Please spend the extra money and buy a Roomba or a Neato you won't regret the extra money spent. So all in all bottom line is that I would in no way recommend this to anyone at any price unless maybe 25.00 or less but even then not sure. Sorry for the bad review but I am being honest.
Update Jan. 25: I used the Dirt Devil vac to sweep the bathroom and family room. The robot vac did very well when it came to cleaning up "dust bunnies" but for anything larger not-so-good. This vac could be considered a machine that dusts floors. If you want a heavy-duty vac then you'll have to upgrade to a different robot vac or sweep the floor by hand.
Update: At first this seemed like a decent product but over time it has failed. While the unit overall still works it grinds way too much and adjustment doesn't work. I recommend theCloer 5218NA 12-Cup Bitterness Eliminating Coffee Maker, Stainless Steel/Blackalong with a decent burr drinder. A lot less hassle.-------------------------------------------------------The video isn't great but should give you an idea of the Breville's easy operation.First a little bit of reality. A decent grinder like the Rancillio sells for over $300. A good espresso machine can cost close to $1,000 and far more. So what can you expect from an automated coffee maker that has a grinder and retails for less than $350? The Breville YouBrew may be the answer. It gives you a decent flavor with a nice set of extras at a reasonable price.I roast my own coffee and I drink it black (let's face it, if you add cream, flavors, whatever, the flavor doesn't matter much). I have the Rancillio grinder, I have a French Press, a vac pot, a Technivorm (certified for its temperature but not a great brewer), and have had several coffee brewers over the years. The French Press and and vac pot are about as near perfect for coffee flavor as you could ever get. But I've been searching for that every day when you have limited time one button coffee brewer for years.The Breville YouBrew has some great features and the price is very attractive for what you get. It is the sturdiest hunk of machine I have ever had for a coffee brewer. The entire outside shell is a brushed metal. It looks great and is compact considering it not only grinds but stores beans as well.Water TempYou can NOT test the water in the cup to qualify the brewer. The importance of water temp is when it hits the grounds, which is inside the machine. I don't have a way to test the actual water temperature at that point. And Breville has made no claims that the machine does produce the true water temp needed. But the ultimate test, flavor, is pretty good to me, not the best but it is good and a treat to wake up to.LikesNot only does the display graphically show you how much water is in the brewer as you pour it but it beeps when it is full. There are lots of icons to show size of cup, strength of coffee, time, time left to complete, etc.You can brew right into your mug. It's very simple and you can select the size of mug. Or you can brew into the thermal carafe.It comes with a burr grinder which works well and is not that loud compared to other grinders. Generally you grind to the type of brewing method. In this case the grind was set to work well with this brewer. You can use pre-ground coffee as an alternative.Once coffee is ground and pushed into the basket there is a rotating door that prevents moisture from getting back into the beans. This is a huge plus. Other brewers with grinders allow grounds to be stuck and get wet which will ruin the flavor.While you do have to empty the used grounds between brews, the basket and basket holder completely remove to easily empty the grounds and wash the parts.Don't likeMajor problem with instructions: For auto brew at a specific time the instructions say to press the program button until it says Time Now, then press Start - THAT IS WRONG! It will start grinding forcing you to clean it. Leave the Program at Start Time (it will be circled by a red light) then press the Start button.A thermal carafe can be nice to have and it doesn't leak but the design of the carafe makes it hard to pour the coffee.The instructions say you must wash everything by hand and the parts are not dishwasher safe. Kind of takes away from the automated process.SummaryA lot of thought was put into this brewer. While it doesn't produce perfect flavor it will make a decent cup or carafe of coffee, manually or automatic at the push of a button. Right now it's the best auto brewer out there at an affordable price.
I had high expectations for this set. All three of my children like to help in the kitchen and I thought this would be perfect for the younger two.The positive:  The mixing bowl is a decent size and would be useful in the kitchen as long as spoons or whisks are used to mix the ingredients. The measuring spoons are actually functional.The negatives: The measuring cup doesn't measure in cups or any portion of them.  There are ounces and metric measurements.  I admit, this would be a good tool in teachiing math. However, the set is aimed at a group too young to be doing such calculations.The whisk and spatual are tiny. They wouldn't do much good...even in the mixing bowl that comes with the set because even that bowl would be too big for those tools to work.The cookie cutters are useless. Not sure if they'd even cut Play Doh and I have no idea what most of the shapes are.My kids used their new baking set in the bath tub and had a ball.  It is virutally useless in any other room of the house.If you are looking for a baking set for make believe play, this is a good one. Otherwise, total FAIL and not worth the money.  Items from the dollar store would be a better bet for young bakers or even for make believe play.
I can't quite think of the saying about making something that is pretty easy...into a long, tedious chore for no reason.  What is the elbow one? Go around your elbow to scratch your behind? I dunno, but whatever it is, it suits this Leifheit sushi maker.I've been making sushi (California rolls included) for a long time. It's a bit messy and can be overwhelming when you first get started. But once you get the hang of it, it's totally fine. You would always wonder why on earth you got this kit to do something so easy. That said, it would be a fun gift to give someone who has not made sushi, and is just getting started.  The basic idea behind the kit is simple, and it does make a pretty nice roll, albeit small for the efforts!  It's also very plastic and clumsy. Soooo ultimately I would say this is a nice gag gift or cutsie item, but not for serious sushi fans.If you do want to learn how to roll sushi easily, just get on Youtube and look for videos on it. Or ask at your local restaurant, most of them love to go over it with patrons!
OK, so let's get the obvious out of the way. For unknown reasons, the instructions and recipe book included with this "Leifheit 23064 Perfect Roll Set" are in German. Only German.  So unless you speak German, you are at a disadvantage as to how to use this and the recipe book will be useless.But even if you happen to be fluent in German, this isn't really a good product. Contrary to popular belief making roll sushi isn't really all that hard. It requires little skill and no more equipment than aBamboo Mat. There is a reason why any sushi chef you see at a restaurant uses a bamboo mat and not a little rolling machine when making sushi--it is faster and easier.But even though I am a proficient sushi-roller (as anyone can be in a few minutes after being shown how to do it), I am always curious about kitchen gadgets and wanted to give this a try.  It is easy.  It actually reminds me of cigarette rolling machines which work on the same principal, and is probably how this was invented.  Someone saw someone rolling cigarettes and said "Hey!  I bet you could make a bigger version of that and roll sushi!"  You place down your nori (rolling papers), set in the fillings (loose tobacco), then you cinch it tight and walla!  A sushi roll (cigarette)!So what are the problems with this?  First off, it isn't any faster or easier than the traditional bamboo mat method.1. The machine is small, and can only take nori of a certain size.  So before rolling, you have to take the little nori-template and carefully cut your nori to the correct size.  This wastes a lot of nori, since standard nori size and the nori-template do not agree.2. Obviously, all your filling ingredients will need to be trimmed to this exact size as well.3. After you put all the ingredients in and roll, you get very short sushi rolls, maybe two or three bites.So if you are making sushi rolls in any quantity, like for a party or even for two people to share, you are going to have to spend a lot more time cutting and trimming ingredients, rolling and cutting them.Aside from being more time consuming, it is also messier than a traditional bamboo mat, and takes up more space in the kitchen.  And it is less flexible.  You can only make the exact size and width of sushi rolls that the machine rolls up.  No futa-maki here.If you want to make rolled sushi, pick your self up a bamboo sushi mat and spend a few minutes browsing the internet and learn how to use it.  You will be amazed at how easy it is, and happy that you didn't waste money on a fancied up cigarette roller.
I wanted to like this iron, but it has so many flaws that I can't recommend it. After opening the box, I sought out the instruction booklet to see if anything needed to be done before the first use.  Instead of written instructions, they chose to use poorly designed drawings in a light print that makes it nearly indecipherable and it was near impossible to determine what these cartoon-like drawings were intended to communicate.As for the basic features, there are three steam settings and there are also two buttons that you can depress - one for a shot of steam and the other a spray of water.  One thing I liked about the iron is that the hole for water has a plug.  A small, uncovered container with a pouring spout was included with the product for filling the water tank, which I've never encountered before - odd, but nice.The iron itself is a pretty blue; unfortunately, this proved to be a design flaw because the water tank is also blue and no matter how hard I tried and how much light was in the room I was ironing in, I couldn't see the water level. The iron didn't seem to get all that hot and at times there was little steam, even when set on the highest of the three steam settings and at almost full temperature.The iron is also rather heavy and long and instead of the smooth glide I had expected from the makers of T-fal, I found the iron cumbersome and bulky to use in comparison to other irons. An odd feature is that the iron is about 4 inches longer than the actual ironing surface.  This creates an extra long and heavy iron with no apparent benefit.  The end of the base is covered with a plasticized coating that I imagine is intended to grip.  Unfortunately, as I would move the iron into place to set it down, it always seemed to grab and drag across the ironing board cover, making it more difficult to put into place, which was irritating.The worst design flaw by far and the absolute deal breaker is that the iron leaks.  At first I thought it was just on the lowest steam setting.  However, after weeks of use, I've discovered it leaks at any steam setting - or without steam.  The water comes out at the tip and I can't find any rhyme or reason for what causes it.  This is disastrous when you're ironing anything that shows water spots, so I can't recommend it for any type of delicate fabric.  I'm afraid I really can't recommend this iron for anything, for as pretty as it is, it has few redeeming qualities.  Fortunately for me, I still have my old iron and will return to ironing with it and will retire this one.
This machine does the job of cleaning carpets and removing spots and stains from pet mishaps very well. It is easy to use, heats the water quite hot and has a very, very handy portability not found in previous models. The power unit is removed from the home unit easily and the weight is such that it is easy to carry. The only handicap that we have found is that the power cord could be longer, allowing for fewer changes in power sources. We are quite satisfied with it so far.  If it could be rated at 4 and a half stars, that would be our rating.I am amending my review of this product as it is only a year old and it has just burned up completely after a few uses, almost taking the house with it.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!If I could give it negative stars, I would
My wife tried it first. Mushy pineapple ensued. I figured she must be doing it wrong. So I tried it on another pineapple. Watched their online video, and it looked easy.Inserted it, started twisting. After the initial twist, not much was happening - it stayed at the same level, producing juice. Twisted for a while more, not much progress. So I applied some more pressure.could see a bunch of shredded pineapple.  Started producing 2mm thick slices. Then no visible progress. Applied more pressure. And so on.The thickest I got was about 4mm, with much shredded in between.I don't like it.
I adore fresh pineapple and am always looking for an easier way to cut it. While it isn't hard to cut once you start, something about the task is always a little daunting enough to make me put it off a bit.That's why the OXO Good Grips Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer caught my eye. Having enjoyed good experiences with plenty of Oxo products in the past, I expected a lot from this pineapple slicer.The card that the slicer is attached to has instructions for use on the back. When I read them and tried to use it, I didn't think I was understanding the instructions correctly, so I stopped and looked up this tool on the Oxo website. I was unable to find it by browsing through the fruit and vegetable tools category, but was able to find it quickly when I used the site's search tool. Lucky for me, Oxo was thoughtful enough to put a video of how to use the Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer in addition to putting the written instructions online as well. A quick view of the video told me that I had indeed understood the instructions correctly - I just didn't like how it worked.You see, the slicer has these blades at the bottom that perform the slicing. What I found was that twisting and pushing iitt into the pineapple mashed up the fruit quite a bit more than I was happy with, leaving me with a lot of juice and some mushy pineapple. I've posted a photo on this product page of my results.Perhaps with practice one could achieve better results from this slicer, but I honestly don't think I'll use it again. I just can't justify mashing up `practice pineapples' when this slicer really isn't much easier or faster than slicing it with a knife.As much as I like Oxo products, I really can't recommend this pineapple slicer. For me, it is a waste of drawer space in the kitchen.
The Rowenta RH8551U1 Delta Force 18V Cordless Bagless Energy Star Rated Stick Vacuum Cleaner with 40 Minute Runtime and Floor and Carpet Functions, Red is an Awesome Cordless Bagless Stick Vacuum! It gets into every nook and cranny due to it's triangle style. I've tried ALL the stick vacs, and ROWENTA RH8551U1 is certainly the most powerful and easy to use.UPDATE 4-18-14: Haven't even had a year and notice does not perform as well. It was great for around first 5-6 months, then performance was not as impressive. Overall this vac is great for a quick and easy vacuuming yet not worth $150.00.
After using this for a couple weeks and loving it, the interior of the mug developed a micro fracture - I could tell because some of my tea ended up between the two layers of glass and would not come out.  This happened after I put it in the dishwasher.  This product does not say hand wash only and lasted all of two weeks.
I've had this teacup type mug for a few weeks now and even got some special herbal teas to try it out with.  I had a little problem with teabag stings breaking off, but that was hardly the fault of the cup or the tea bag buddy.  I've no problem with the tea bag buddy per seh, but the mug is another story.  I notice bubbles coming up from my tea, and realized the paper thin glass on the interior of the cup at the bottom broke and was letting water into the insulated interior of the cup.  Was the cup too cool and the tea too hot when I put it in, maybe, but this should be designed for that.  Anyway, drinking "glass" pieces is not my favorite thing to do, so this product bombs out as being dangerous.  Back to the drawing board guys, thicken and temper the glass.  I'd probably not buy another thing like this again unless it was heavier, and said Pyrex on the glass.
I didn't look at the price for this but I wouldn't give $5 for it. It is a large mug that feels like plastic & does NOT keep the tea hot for very long. My ceramic mugs & Corelle mugs keep my tea hot twice as long. The green lid is very flexable so good for squeezing the tea bag but that's the only part I liked & I like tupperwares tea bag squeezer better as it not only squeezes the excess flavor out but gives you a place to lay the tea bag, this does not because if you use the lid to hold the tea bag then you can't use the lid at the same time to hold the steam in. It's what the mug is made of that makes it cool off fsater.UPDATE: I was using this for a cup of tea, I had finished the tea and when I went to reach for something my arm knocked it over, it just tipped over on the wood table it was on, it didn't fall to the floor or hit anything else and it BROKE, just that easily.... I'm guessing if you took another mug and hit it lightly with this it would break. Only the lid is worth having, I use it to put on top of full cups of tea as I walk into another room and set it down, keeps it from spilling & it keeps it hot longer but when you remove it it has hot dripping water on it so be careful.
After declaring this steam mop a dud and relegating it to the garage, I decided to give it a second chance because the pads on the Eureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer didn't work well with my new, more heavily textured wood-look tile.The pads for this machine did work better.  Yay!  Maybe this one is worth a second look.Alas, no.  After mopping a long hall and part of a family room, the machine quit making steam.  Okay, that's what happened before.  Turned on and plugged in?  Check.  Water in the tank?  Check.  So I gave it about 15 minutes to regain its composure.Turned it back on, to the lower setting.  Waited for that clicking noise to go away and for steam to be produced.  And waiting.  Maybe the higher setting will work better.  Waiting.  Waiting, waiting, waiting.  Clicking noise, no steam.  No flashing lights this time, just a failure to function.So, I'm sad to say this one is still a dud.(Original Review)I'm a fan of steam mops.  I love the homely but practicalEureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer,313A.  I also love the prettierBissell Steam Mop Hard-Floor Cleaner, Green Tea, 1867-7.  Both have advantages, both work well, and both have some minor disadvantages.I really hate this new Eureka steam mop.  Since the homely Eureka one worked so well, I thought this new one would be even better, and it is a two-in-one so can be used as a hand-held steamer too.When I took it out of the box, it seemed pretty flimsy, lots of plastic.  It was easy to screw together, and the very short handle is adjustable, although still fairly short at its longest.  I thought the idea of the velcro pads were great, just put the pad on the floor and push the mop down on it.  It took 3 or 4 tries before it stuck at all, but once on, it did stay on for a brief bit of cleaning.Brief because the machine just doesn't work.  The steam is inconsistent and comes out of only one hole.  Sometimes I'd get quit a bit and sometimes none at all.  The head swivels but creaks and groans while it is doing it, apparently resenting being asked to do housework.  The low profile of the head is nice though.While I still had plenty of distilled water in the tank, my just-cleaned floor looked streaky.  Hmmmm, no steam coming out.  I changed the adjustment from high to low to see if that would help.  Nope, lots of noise but no steam.  I unplugged it, waited a minute, and plugged it back in.  Then all three lights, the green on light, the red medium setting light, and the blue high setting light all started flashing.  Unplugged again, waited again, and tried again.  Still no success.Even when it was working properly, this one was harder to use than my others.  It took more effort to clean my porcelain tile floors.  It comes with both a cotton and a microfiber pad, but there is no information about why one might be better for some floors than the other, so I used the cotton one.The long handle and the steam mop head detach so it can be used as a hand-held steamer but I never got that far.  This one went in the garage while I finished cleaning my floors with my old, faithful cleaner.
The first few minutes I used this product, I was impressed.  It seemed to have hotter steam and be cleaning better than my Shark Steam Mop.  Then, about four minutes after turning it on, it stopped steaming and all the lights on the front of the unit started flashing.  I consulted the manual but there was nothing about this problem in the troubleshooting section.  I checked the water, and, even though the container was still at least a third full, I added more and unplugged and replugged in the mop.  It worked for about twenty seconds and then stopped steaming again with all lights flashing.  I once again attempted to re-start the mop and it worked for about five seconds before the lights again came on and the steam stopped.  After searching the internet, I found this is a common problem but could not find a solution anywhere.  Eureka customer service was little help, telling me to take it to a service center.I had high hopes for this mop but I cannot recommend that anyone purchase it, lest they have my experience and get stuck with a useless mop the first time they use it.
I am not a big fan of using non stick and usually only use cast iron but I actually really liked these pans especially for sticky things like eggs or cheesy foods. They are not heavy at all and the grippy handles are especially nice and securely riveted or so I thought. They are very comfortable handles to hold and do not get hot. I actually really liked these pans and gave them 5 stars till I used them to fry something and after the pan of oil sat on the stove a day the stovetop had oil all over it. I thought maybe the pan got bumped but after wiping up all the grease and coming back to use it later, there was oil all over the stove top again! I lifted the pan and could see a stream of oil slowly leaking from one of the rivets down the side of the pan all over the stove. This could have been a huge fire on my gas stove top but luckily I saw it before I lit the burner! I am so disappointed, these seemed to be really nice and they are fine if you never put anything in them above the rivet level but they are not pans that I would recommend, they are a fire hazard and big mess!
How do I hate these sheets? Let me count the ways.1. Nowhere on the lable, on the Amazon site, or sewn into the sheets themselves is a description of what fiber they are made from. They are described as Deluxe Brushed Microfiber which is usually polyester. They feel like polyester. They feel so slick and awful I do not want them on my bed because in the summer in Arizona to sleep on a poly sheet is like sleeping on a plastic trash bag.2. They are called Supreme 1500 Series, to make you believe they might be a 1500 thread count. And indeed, they might be, but there is no claim to an actual thread count, only "Deluxe Brushed Microfiber." The package boasts, "4 pc Bed Sheet Set - 100%. Yes, it is indeed, 100% a bed sheet set.  So what???3. The package also states, "100% Manufacturer Guaranteed" but not for what or against what. Perhaps it is just guaranteed to be a bed sheet set.4. The small print states, Pillowcases 20"x30", and they do fit on some old pillows but are tight on new, faux-down ones. The pillowcases are not hemmed all the way around, only on the front, perhaps to tuck in the back over the pillow itself, however the hem is too shallow to do that and hangs out like a loose napkin, exposing the side of the pillow. The hem is uneven, and after one cold water wash, the thread sewing the sides up has shrunk and puckered the sides. If you like Belgian-style curtains with poofy seams, you might like the effect. However, it's still a polyester pillowcase. Also, there is a nice double row of satin-stitch glossy embroidery on the front of the pillowcase hem (the part that IS sewed down) yet it is off-kilter by 1/4" on one and 1/2" on the other, as if the piece went through the embroidery machine at an angle.5. The image on the Amazon.com site shows a deep, chocolate brown even though the color is described as Mocha Light Brown. The ones I received are somewhere between caramel/pumpkin and babycac. Perhaps they really are the Mocha Light Brown, because the name sounds closer to reality than the photo looks.Positive points:1. The label claims "Accommodates mattresses up to 16"," and they do, in fact, quite baggily, so much tucking is in order.2. They make excellent nearly impermeable dust covers for furniture and the guest room bed. In fact, I may actually purchase more of these cheap sheets to use for dust covers.3. While the manufacturer spent less than pennies each producing the sheets, there is a remarkable plastic zippered bag around them, with square metal frames on BOTH sides, and a four inch shiny gold tassel hanging from the zipper pull. Turn the label over and write a child's name on the back and replace it, and many a kid will have fun filling the sturdy package with My Little Pony goodies or Hotwheels cars.
I was excited to see bedding in the Vine program, but right from the start, my excitement faded. The plastic package is sturdy, with a zipper that matches the color of the sheets and a charming tassel on the pull, as well as metal reinforcements. They certainly went to some trouble with this - it's a shame it ended there. The card inside was strangely uninformative; it didn't give a thread count or state what material was used to create the microfiber. Never mind "Supreme 1500 Series" - it's meaningless and clearly not the thread count. The next disappointment was in the thinness of the material. In fact, when the box arrived from Amazon, I thought it was a book, it was so light. I put one of my own sheet sets against it and sure enough, this is lighter by a lot. If you hold it up to the light, you can see objects right through it! The microfiber is like a very, very mild suede, which is soft but not smooth, so I didn't find it too comfortable. Considering how thin the material is, it was surprisingly warm, which makes me pretty sure it's made of polyester. The care tag recommends cold water, which is not optimal: everyone from my allergist to Consumer Reports to books on home care say the same thing: bedding should be washed in hot water because of dust mites. The care tag is also slightly misleading, grammatically. It states: Do not use bleach and on the line below it states: Dry clean, or iron. It took me a second glance to understand the missing comma. They do NOT want you to dry clean or iron - at first reading, I thought they DID! The tag acknowledged that this was made in China, but did not state the material as required in the US. Years ago, I worked in retail and learned of a material known in the trade as "crash" - it was literally the sweepings of lint, dust and stray fibers from the workroom floors, reassembled into a fairly soft and flimsy cloth. It would not surprise me in the least to learn that these sheets are made from something very similar. As other reviewers have noted, the threads were not trimmed, stitching is erratic, hemming pulls in the wash...in short, these bargain sheets are not really a bargain because of their quality. I can't believe they'll hold up over time. Overall, there were only two things I liked about them: the color was a pleasant mocha that goes with almost anything, and the packaging is so sturdy I can re-use it - probably for longer than the sheets will last.
I was trying to figure out how to use this.  I'm not a frequent coffee drinker although I have taken a liking to a flavored blend on long trips.  I thought this might work like the really good coffee makers that use steam and such to extract the coffee without the bitters.  I'm not really sure what borosilicate is and why it's dishwater safe, but like a double walled tea cup I got on the VINE some years ago, when this goes to hot and the glass expands it proved too stressful for the thin glass.  I've had many good thick glass pyrex things that have lasted for years, but I guess you have to pay for them.  The moral of the story is, don't buy anything cheap that will be stressed, either by heat, cold, or physical pounding, the cheap ones don't last.  This seems especially true for kitchen most stuff.  Exceptions perhaps are dinner plates, pots, pans, cups, silverware, they are mostly safe items even cheap, but coffee makers, breadmakers, blenders, mixers, it's buyer beware.  This coffee press is now occupying space in my trash can.  I guess if I want something to make interesting coffee, I'll look to one of those cartidge units, they seem to be a good idea.
The Primula Tempos Coffee Press (6 cup - Black) is an attractive press. Unfortunately the glass is weak and broke after third usage. Buy a BODUM or a Stainless Steel French Press. Makes a great cup of coffee. It is very easy to clean too. Overall, a substandard coffee/tea press.
I write this to replace my initial positive review of this product. When I wrote that positive review I was aware that several reviewers had received defective units but because the one I received initially worked as it should, my focus was on a perfectly functioning Capresso kettle (though I did note that Capresso's 1 year warranty on this product requires consumers to pay return shipping costs when returning units that develop problems). I said I would update my review should the Capresso stop working as it should; this is my update. I first had a problem with the Capresso yesterday (a few weeks after first receiving it) but after fiddling with it (unplugging it and plugging it back in, fiddling with the dial, etc.) I got it to work. This morning it again failed to work and no amount of fiddling made a difference, so I now feel compelled to warn prospective buyers away from this product. (Should you buy a unit that fails or begins to malfunction while it is covered by Capresso's 1 year warranty, you will have to pay the cost of returning it. Given the size of the box you would need to use to return it, I'm guessing your cost of return would be between $10-$20.)My opinion of this item has changed now that the unit I received has inexplicably stopped working. That's it: it just stopped working, without being subjected to any abuse whatsoever and no power surges. For a few weeks it worked beautifully and I loved it. But thank goodness I had stored my trustworthy Braun electric kettle and have resumed using it. I bought that kettle from Amazon in 2008 (that model is currently unavailable from Amazon but it's called the Braun WK200W Aqua Express Electric Water Kettle) and it has worked perfectly ever since and continues to work perfectly now that the Capresso has failed. I dug it out of storage this morning when, after fiddling with the Capresso for about 15 minutes I realized that I had a defective Capresso kettle. The Braun worked like new as soon as I filled it with water, plugged it in and pressed pressed "On."Given the number of reviewers who report that they received defective units and given my own experience, I think it's obvious there's a problem with this model in general.
***Update***Rating changed to 1 star as the kettle failed after less than one month. The Capresso Kettle will turn on, but it shuts off in less than a minute without heating the water at all.Original ReviewElectric water kettles vary wildly in price. This one is much more expensive than any other I've purchased over the years.One reason for the higher price of this Capresso kettle is the feature that allows one to choose a temperature setting. At our altitude of about 8,000 feet the boiling point of water is about 15 degrees lower than it is at sea level. Therefore, since it's not accurate at our altitude, the temperature control feature does not equal a higher value to me.Aesthetically, the Capresso kicks butt when compared to many of its brethren. Its black and chrome details, coupled with a beautiful glass carafe and nifty futuristic blue on/off light make this the most attractive electric kettle I've seen. As a function before form type of person, I normally don't pay significantly more simply for design differences. For me, being pretty does not warrant paying lots more money.The Capresso's capacity of about 1.5 liters works fine our purposes. In fact, it stood up to just about every comparison I made to our old electric kettle. It is everything I want in a kettle including bringing water quickly to a boil, shutting off automatically and being cordless.Overall, I really like the Capresso, but I will stick with thisAroma AWK-115S Hot H20 X-Press 1-1/2-Liter Cordless Water Kettlewhich has the same features I find most important at a much lower price. It's not as pretty, but it does the job.
Straight out of the box, this appliance is attractive. Unfortunately, in my opinion it is a piece of junk. I waited a while before writing my review hoping that I would like it more but I'm finding that I like it less with each use.When boiling the 48 ounces of water, my pot boils over and does not turn itself off automatically. When boiling less water, it turns itself off but does not always reach the appropriate temperature.Unattractive lines appear when steamy inside my glass carafe that resemble a snail's slimy trail and I am unable to remove them.  It's been like this since the first time I boiled water in theCapresso 261.04  teaC100 Temperature Controlled Water Kettle.I just called Jura Capresso  to inquire about these two issues and was told I need to send the appliance back at my expense for their evaluation. I merely wanted advice and was offered none other than to send in the Capresso tea C100.I really like the idea of a glass carafe. Inside the glass carafe is a white silicone gasket and stainless steel humpy heating element. The lid is a non removable silver plastic that requires two hands to lift up. The instructions stress that one not attempt to remove the lid. The carafe sits atop an electric base with its sturdy handle to the side and it can be placed either positioned right or left. The water level lines on the glass are only visible when the handle is on the right side as I guess more users tend to be right handed. If the carafe is not positioned properly on the base, it will not heat. The base dial offers five temperatures and if the dial is not positioned exactly on the spot, the heating will not begin. When the dial's blue light illuminates, the heating element is operating. The egg shaped base combined with the carafe handle on the side creates a larger footprint than I find comfortable in my kitchen. The glass is the one advantage to this product.  It's important to only boil water in this appliance unless it's being cleaned with vinegar or a decalcification product.I rarely leave a one star review but cannot give this product any better rating.UPDATE:One week later.....  Blinking blue light after two or three seconds, then the appliance shuts off.  This is a useless product that now will take up space in the landfill.  Can't even use the glass carafe.UPDATE NUMBER 2: Received a replacement exchange which worked well for about 3 weeks until it suddenly stopped working. Blinking blue light in this unit, too. I really can't believe it happened and appreciate that I had a witness in the kitchen this time.UPDATE NUMBER #3:  Received a third replacement after shipping back the second unit.  This one arrived with several spots on the base missing the silver finish.  A copper color was visible and I took close up photos to document the time which was minutes after I signed for the UPS delivery.  Because the unit worked, I overlooked the blemishes.  This morning, after three weeks of nearly daily use, the base once again displayed the blinking blue light.  I'll be receiving a fourth unit sometime next week after I return this one to Jura Capresso tomorrow.  The customer service representative claimed she has not received a single phone call regarding any problems with this product.  I did not ask how long she's been working the phones.FINAL UPDATE: Replacement arrived DOA. I'm done.
The kettle simply stopped working 3 weeks after I acquired it. It no longer heats/boils the water after I turn it on. It appears that this is not a isolated instance since there are a number of reviewers who have the same problem. In addition, this kettle has a number of shortcomings you should be aware of:o Minimum 2-1/2 Cups WaterPer the instructions, the metal dome in the kettle needs to be submerged (with at least 2-1/2 cups water) whenever the kettle is in operation.o Water Temperature Not MaintainedThe kettle turns off once it reaches the preset water temperature. The temperature of the water is not maintained.o No Easily Audible Alert When Water Reaches Preset TemperatureWhen the water reaches the preset temperature, there is a soft "click," which is easy to miss.o Plastic LidThe lid is made of plastic, which might be a deal breaker for those with concerns about BPA.Barring the issue of quality control (which Capresso needs to address), this tea kettle is a servicable unit. I hope the points above will help you make an educated decision on whether the Capresso teaC100 is right for you.
I travel a few times a year and I like to attempt to sleep during the flight. Easier said than done. I can never get my head on a comfortable enough position and I always end up with the worst neck pain. This is a good enough pillow. It's not earth shattering in terms of confort but it is ok.The pillow takes next to no space to store and bring with you on the plane in its deflated state. It even comes with a storage pouch. It takes very little effort to inflate the pillow but you do have to bite very hard on the valve. The pillow provides good support on either side of our head so you can lean your head to the side and rest. But, it provides no support for your neck or the back of your head.It is not perfect but, in a pinch it will do. I hate carrying the big neck pillows so this is a nice substitute. It has a ways to go in terms of design but, it is a good start. I would love to see another incarnation with a lot more neck support. Price wise, it is way overpriced for what it is.I received this pillow for free from Davidsbeenhere for the purpose of a review.Update:5/11/13 I have to retract this review. This pillow chokes me. Strangles me. Literally. I have a small neck and this thing is too tight around my neck. It is not soft. The last trip was not long enough for me to adequately assess this. This is a horrible pillow. It provides not support for the back of your head.
Not my way to cook eggs at all. The eggs cooked so I gave it 1 star but they were dry and ugly looking, a dark color, not like a light fluffy omelette you cook in a pan and I could have made it quicker in a pan. I ate most of it because I was so hungry, otherwise I would have thrown it out. It was dry and tasteless.... What a waste of 3 jumbo eggs and a a little cheddar cheese with a light dusting of salt and pepper, just like I always make it. In the pan it is light, fluffy and flavorful not like this horrible mess. I won't use this item again for any reason and so glad I got it in the vine program and didn't waste my hard earned money on it.
When I opened the box and saw this, I laughed. It's a little plastic dish that folds over. That's it. This cost about twenty cents to manufacture and sells for ten bucks.It works poorly. Following instructions, I put beaten egg in both sides and cooked for recommended time. Result: overcooked to a gritty plywood consistency on the outside, runny and uncooked in the center. Add fillings, flip and cook a bit longer. Almost inedible. And why exactly is this easier than a proper pan cooked omelet?Better idea; take your ten bucks and buy some organic free range eggs from your local farmer, which will do the world economy more good than filling your house with one more piece of cheap plastic dreck. Only good thing about this is that the plastic is recyclable.
I love omelets! For me, it's the best part about going to a conference: an omelet station in the hotel restaurant on a morning when breakfast doesn't happen to be provided. However, I've never been able to make them at home, so I procured the omelet wave as means of being able to reproduce a palatable substitute. Alas, I was lulled into a false sense of hope with this product. I should have been suspicious when I saw the very large gap between the two halves of the device. I recall thinking to myself "this is going to leak when I flip over the one side," a prediction that sadly came to pass, leaving me with raw egg all over my counter. Part of the problem is the directions instruct you to flip one side while still slightly liquified. Perhaps I'm not flipping it quickly enough, but such instructions, combined with the gap between the two sides, seem destined to make the product leak. To add insult to injury, the partially cooked section did not even release from the top half of the dome, so that it was stuck to what became the "lid" of the device. To make matters worse, the eggs never really cooked all the way through to my satisfaction.I can't speak to any of the other features of the product because I immediately disposed of it after the failed attempt. I had neither time nor eggs to see if I could develop sufficient technique to prevent dripping, nor did I really want to experiment with times and cooking power levels to determine what the optimum range is for using this product. Perhaps some people will find this acceptable, but I do not feel that a "gadget" designed to make breakfast easy should require this much effort!
Folks, bottom line is that you can not get a good omelet out of this device. It is a cheap plastic dish, not worth the money, and not worth the shelf space.First, by the time you go through all the steps, it would be quicker, easier, and you would have a better tasting omelet to just make it in a non-stick pan on the stove top.Second, It is almost impossible to get a properly cooked omelet in this device. It is either runny in the center, or tough on the edges.As I said, it is much simpler to just make the omelet on the stove top, but if you insist on making an omelet in the microwave, there are much better ways to do it than with this device.Get a cereal bowl. Put your vegetable and meat ingredients into it. Heat in microwave for about 45 seconds. Next put an egg in the bowl and vigorously mix. This will beat the egg, and also get the ingredients distributed throughout the egg batter. Now put the bowl back in the microwave for another 45 seconds. This will cook the "omelet" and the ingredients will be distributed throughout the egg. Now, if you want cheese put some grated cheese on top, or a pre-sliced piece of cheese on top. Put back in microwave for ten seconds. Now you have a good omelet, and the only difference is the cheese is on top and not in the middle, but the flavor is spot on. There, you can do it without this ridiculous gadget.
I have three cats that like to throw up everywhere, so I am constantly cleaning my carpets. I wore out my old, clunky SteamVac and was really hoping this cleaner would do a great job and take up less space. The assembly was extremely easy, and I was surprised at how lightweight and compact the machine is. But, the smile on my face disappeared after I used the machine for the first time. I was extremely disappointed in its performance.The biggest flaw in the design of this machine is that the brush bar is stationary. With no brush movement, the carpet is not agitated during cleaning. I cleaned areas of carpet that had old, set-in stains and fresh spots, and this machine didn't effectively clean either kind. My carpets look almost as bad as they did when I started. There are some pros to the design of this product, and I wish I could give it more than one star, but if it cannot perform its basic function (cleaning carpet), it is completely useless.PROS:+ Lightweight and compact+ Large solution tank for the size of the machine+ Long cord+ Easy to assembleCONS:- Does Not Clean Carpets Effectively - This is really the only thing you need to consider.- Brush is stationary/doesn't agitate the carpet - Cannot effectively clean carpet- Dirty water tank has vents/holes at the top - Water can easily slosh out when the tanks fills up- The opening you use to empty the dirty water tank is in an awkward location, which results in water spilling out while trying to empty the tank.- The included solution smells gross - Doesn't affect the performance of the machine, but it offends my nose.- Doesn't have a handheld/manual attachment.- The attachment for cleaning wood floors has to be purchased separately.
Having just gotten a large (and heavy) Hoover steam cleaner that works very well, I was hoping to use this small cleaner for quick pickup jobs, like when the cat throws up on the carpet.  No such luck! Here's my experience with the Bissell ReadyClean Upright Deep Cleaner.PROS:None I could determine because I was never able to assemble the machine so that it actually put the cleaning solution on the carpet and then vacuumed it up.CONS:The handle assembly must be attached firmly to the bottom part of the machine such that the join is unnoticeable and tight.  I put in the two screws provided and turned on the machine.  Nothing happened.  So, consulting the trouble-sho0ting feature in the product manual, I unassembled the screws from the holes marked with arrows and tried again.  Still nothing!  Although the join is firmly attached, air leaks in so no cleaning solution comes out.I suspect an defect in the manufacture of the handle assembly.Because I could never get the machine assembled properly, I can not comment on the functionality of this product.  Too bad, because the idea of a light weight cleaner certainly appealed to me.  However, I cannot recommend this cleaner.

These things are the biggest pain-in-the-butt to put together. I'm a navy wife, my husband is gone a lot, so I have put together a TON of different pieces of furniture. I am not some simpleton who can't figure out how to put together a couple plastic cubes, but these things are complete garbage.The directions are pretty much useless, so you might as well toss them. The shelf and the door have this brown paper on it that is near impossible to peel off cleanly, no matter how slow or careful you are, leaving you to scrape off little bits of paper, which can be pretty time consuming. Of course, you can just leave them there, but that would look terrible.Once you finally get these put together, they're pretty weak. Stacked milk crates would be better storage than this. I can't BELIEVE the price of these things...at the time of this review, One Hundred Dollars! Seriously?? No. I wouldn't pay Ten bucks for these. Glad I got them for free, because these will absolutely not be making our next military move. Right into the trash they will go.
I got this and wondered why other people had issues...it worked fine for me.  Well, the first three times.  Then, it began getting noisy and grinding and the blades would turn.  Figured out after struggling for 1/2 hour that the crappy plastic parts of the "stems" to hold the accessories (blades, shredder disks) broke!  After only 3 uses!!  I am so disappointed in this!  This went in the trash today and I'll never order another Oster product again!
*** UPDATE 06/17/2014 ***Mr. Coffee did once again replace the defective unit, this time with a slightly different model which is still working strong after about 3 months.  Until they get the quality control fixed on this model I cannot recommend it.*** UPDATE 03/22/2014 ***About 90 days into the replacement the unit has begun to show the same signs of dying that the last one did.  After brewing a large coffee if I try to make another cup shortly thereafter it will only brew a small cup which is about 1/2 the desired volume.  Since both machines broke within just a few months I'd have a hard time recommending this unit to anyone.I will be contacting Mr. Coffee to see what they can do about this situation.*** UPDATE 12/18/2013 ***The Mr. Coffee Single Serve Coffee Brewer did eventually die on us after about 9 months.  It seems there was a bad run of the machines that had all sorts of issues with them.  For now I'm leaving this as a 5-star review because Mr. Coffee was very easy to deal with and sent us a replacement machine quickly after we contacted them.If this new machine holds up than it's still a pretty good bang for the buck for anyone looking for an inexpensive Keurig brewer.  I will update this review if I have any issues with the replacement unit.--- ORIGINAL REVIEW ---I bought this machine four months ago on Amazon and it has been used daily since then making anywhere from one to four cups of coffee on an average day.  There are a lot of coffee makers in the Keurig space and my wife and I choose this one solely because of the price.  At the time it was $59 delivered from Amazon so we thought we'd get one and compare it to the Tassimo machine we had.Overall we're very happy with the machine, the only glitch we've run into is that three times now the machine has brewed the smaller size when the larger size was chosen.  This is over hundreds of cups of coffee and not really a big deal as running a 2nd small brew cycle filled the cup.The quality of the brewed coffee seems identical to my parents' Keurig machine that cost three times the price.  Of course their machine has a huge water reservoir and can make 5 different sizes of drinks.The reservoir on this machine hold enough water for two large drinks and then you'll need to refill it.  For us, it's no big deal, we just refill it immediately after making a cup so it's ready for the next one.The bottom line is this machine brews as well as any machine that takes the Keurig K-Cups.  If you don't mind having only two cup sizes and refilling the water every time you use it then you'll be more than happy with this unit.
Updated review 5/26/2012:At first I was enthusiastic about the coffee maker - it seemed easy to use and made a nice cup of coffee.  And so it seemed for the first 10 cups of coffee I made.  Then I filled it up with water and started it just like I had before and it no longer seems to work.  The light went on, it made some gurgling noises, and then nothing happened. I have no idea what happened since it worked the day before and I didn't do anything to the machine, but this is a sad disappointment.Previous review from 5/6/2012Easy to use & makes good coffeeOverall, this is a nice little machine.  It is very straightforward to use, I didn't even need to glance at the directions.I did not have any problem with leaking - it worked as expected.  I thought the coffee was quite good - I especiallylike the Green Mountain Hazelnut coffee - expensive, but easy to use for a quick cup of coffee.  I made a cup for myfriend who felt the coffee was too strong, but I disagree and thought it was just fine.All in all, a nice, easy to use, economical machine.  No complaints from me!
With the name "Crock Pot" on the box, I was expecting something more like the larger units I had grown up with. This small unit is pretty much worthless. I was expecting it to be a small version of the popular crock pot slow cookers. What I found is this is an ill conceived and pretty much useless product.First, it does not get hot enough to cook anything. I had thought I could use it for sauces and such things, but found it does not get hot enough. Also, The design is very long and narrow, so it does not really lend itself to many food items. Then, as far as keeping gravy warm . . . you certainly can not have the unit on the dinning room table because of the cord. So, I am left to wonder if the idea is to keep the gravy warm on the cabinet, and then move the boat to the table without the heating base, why not just leave the gravy on the stove simmering until serving.So, bottom line is that I wanted to like this product but found it to be of no use.
I don't know if I just got a defective one or not but there were no button holes or other holes that would let me actually hang this shower curtain up. It is all straight seams without any form of getting this on a shower curtain rod of any sort (or any other rod). It is a beautiful curtain, a bit heavy and thick (not see through) and appears very high quality except for that one little thing that would make it usable - namely a way to actually use it.I have to be honest and say, at this price point, I don't think there should be defects this large. I'm disappointed as it is beautiful and certainly would go with my decor wonderfully. I cannot give it more than a star as its primary function cannot be done thus there is little use for it.
This washcloth is of good quality and actually feels double-ply in thickness.  Since it is white with a stripe it appears very hotel-like in looks.However, what I don't like about this washcloth is that it gets heavy when wet and the soap seeps into the cloth like a sponge so there is no lather.  I don't consider this washcloth useful for washing for this reason  (it is not a high-pile towel which tends to lather better) and for that I give it 1 star.No towels ever look new after they are laundered and these are no different; however, they (I received 2) still launder nicely but seem to have shrunk just a wee bit.I'm going to use these washcloths for other purposes. To me they make good finger towels, trivets for hot plates, and are nice to double up when lifting up a pot lid if I don't have a pot holder handy. Nevertheless, I would not buy them for this reason.The current price of $9.99 is very steep for this towel even if it were a five-star product.  I hope the price listed is for two washcloths as Amazon does not say this currently in the advertisement. I received two washcloths in the package that arrived for review.Personally I would not buy these because it makes a good towel but is heavy when wet and prevents soap from lathering.
I am really disappointed in this item.  I usually use a cheap Melitta pour-over (bought at the grocery store for $1.99). That makes a GREAT cup of coffee, but I like a HOT cup of coffee, and to achieve that I have to place a Tupperware lid over the top of the Melitta while each batch of water is draining.  So, even though it is cheap-looking and majorly over-priced, I figured this Kuhn Rikon would solve that minor inconvenience of a separate lid because it already has a lid.  So, I boiled the water, put in PLENTY of coffee (more than I use for my pour-over---I like it strong), and let it steep for 4 1/2 minutes. The booklet recommends 2 - 5, so I figured I was safe with 4 1/2.  It was as weak as tea! I couldn't drink it.  I don't understand why, though, since the coffee should have been tasty and strong after having steeped for so long.So, it's cheap-looking, over-priced, and makes weak coffee.
The first order arrived with the cup in 5 pieces and no real instructions so I could not figure out if I could reassemble it.  After calling the manufacturer, I wrote amazon & explained my dilemma and they sent a replacement (Yay Amazon!).  The second one arrived and although I really wanted to like this product, it was SUCH a disappointment.1) the plastic feels very cheap and I don't think will hold up to much use2) nowhere could I find out if the plastic has BPA which I avoid whenever possible3) the brewed coffee had an off taste (which I NEVER experience with my coffeemaker) and was weak4) cleaning is a real pain in the butt since the cup does not disassemble for washingI cannot recommmend this product at all.
The idea of brewing a quick cup of coffee or tea without using the coffeemaker appeals to me, but unfortunately this brewing cup didn't work. Everything seemed okay until I tried to press the button on the top of the cup to release the coffee, but the button couldn't be pressed down anymore than it already was and I wasn't able to get any coffee out into my cup. I tried a few times, but still no luck. Very disappointing.
Once upon a time I thought that it might be ideal if coffee was available in an IV drip.  As a full time mother of the multitudes and grad student who also worked a 40 hour week and tutored, it was not unusual for me to consume a couple of 12-cup pots of coffee a day.  And then suddenly a couple of years ago I woke up one morning and realized that I hadn't had a cup of coffee in weeks.  I switched to a 4-cup coffeemaker (have yet to find a good one) and then various gizmos that make coffee a cup at a time.  The Melitta cone & filter is easy to use and great when made in the larger pot, but the coffee isn't as strong as I would like when you use the single-cup cone to make just one cup.  A French press makes great coffee, but it is hard to keep hot and real mess to clean up.  Enter theKuhn Rikon Single Cup Easy Brew, Red.First and perhaps most importantly, you rest this on top of your coffee cup while you pour in the boiling water - after which you need to put the lid on.  It seemed very unstable to me - even the slightest nudge would have sent boiling water and coffee grounds flying across my counter and all over me.So, I put some great coffee into the gizmo, put the gizmo on the coffee cup, gingerly poured in boiling water and waited five minutes as specified - and then I pushed the magic button. . . . . .It was impossible to see how much coffee was going into the mug, so I quite nearly overflowed the cup (a pretty big one) and still had liquid left in the "Easy Brew".  I then held the "Easy Brew" over the sink and kept on pushing the button to drain it. That was when I noticed the coffee grounds escaping out the bottom all over the sink along with the last of the coffee.  Suspicious, I added cream to my "coffee" and watched in near horror as the grounds all came swimming to the top.  Poured the coffee down the drain.  (You should see the inside of the thing!)So here I sit at nearly 6 am, coffee-less.Grandma's $0.02 - This gizmo doesn't work and it isn't worth the trouble to clean it up to try again.  If I didn't have to keep this around for 6 months just in case they want it back, it would go straight in the bin.  Back to the French press . . . .  or maybe I'll just have tea.
Although the package was incredibly wrapped - nice box inside the Amazon box, taped all the way around in small bubble wrap, when I opened the box and too the Easy Brew out I heard a weird rattling noise.  "That can't be right," I thought to myself.  And sure enough, whatever is rattling is jamming the flow button.  Booo!  I am so upset - I was really looking forward to this.I got the red one - and with enough use, it would have probably stained.The other thing - I am worried about - is that this is plastic, very cheaply made plastic and with hot water and the acid from the coffee - won't that cause weird plastic molecules to seep into my hot coffee?  I checked the small print on the box - MADE IN CHINA - that's always a red flag for me.Not that it matters because it is broken.There's a video on YOUTUBE to show how this is supposed to work - I won't post the link because it will get removed, just search on Easy Brew Video.
When I unpacked the product, I could hear something rattling. When I held it up to the light I could see plastic parts under the filter screen. Of course, it didn't work at all.I see I'm not the only reviewer who got a defective product. The manufacturer clearly needs to put a quality program in place.
I guess the idea is that you brew a small amount of coffee or tea in this plastic doohickey and then push a button to open a valve that sits on the bottom of the cup under a fine strainer.  I say, "I guess," because there's no way I'll ever know for sure since the button I'm supposed to push doesn't work.  I think the mechanism is what I hear rattling around under that fine strainer I mentioned, which is permanently molded into the base of the cup.Too bad.  Because I love coffee gadgets.However, even if I had gotten a working one, I'm thinking the inability to take this thing apart and clean the valve and strainer would have made this product not my favorite thing.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter. She has been wanting this and I picked it up off her wish list for her birthday. I received a phone call a few days ago. When she took it out of the box to use it she set it on the counter and noticed it wobbled. She took out the rest of the items out of the box thinking everything would set up fine. Well after taking a closer look she noticed one of the feet were missing from the bottom. There are supposed to be four that hold the bowl steady, there are only three. Looked through the box and it was nowhere. She lives out of town so she calls me up and I told her to box it up and we'll try to return it before the Amazon 30 days are up.I guess this company doesn't care what they are shipping out anymore. Very disappointed, especially since this was a gift and it was something she had really wanted.
Calling this an oil-less fryer is a flat out lie. The very nature of fried food is the oil.Big Boss Oil-Less Fryer is essentially a countertop convection oven that quickly bakes food (well, not all that much faster than a conventional oven, but there is no pre-heat). That's it.What's particularly ironic about the product name, is that not only do does the cookbook that comes with it suggest spraying the foods with oil, but the product also comes with a spray bottle for oil! So much for it being "oil-less"!So when you make something like french fries, all you're doing is spraying the vegetable with oil and then baking it -- something that your conventional oven can do, only better with less cleanup. I tested the Big Boss on a few vegetables and found that it consistently undercooked them. But perhaps the bigger problem was clean-up.Big Boss is heavy, clunky and needs to be carefully cleaned by hand. If I'm going to bake vegetables in my oven I can put them on a non-stick reusable baking mat or parchment paper. Clean-up takes seconds. And even with fish/poultry, it's a lot easier to clean a baking pan.And then after you're done cleaning it, it is yet another appliance you must store.Bottom line: save your money and use your oven.
2.5 Stars for the time being.I was really excited to have the opportunity to review this product, as I have its big brother, theBig Boss Rapid Wave Halogen Infrared Convection Countertop Oven, and I love it."Hot dang," I thought.  "That Fryer will be perfect for football season snacks!"  Nice thought, but it really didn't perform as expected.The Fryer works similarly to the Countertop Oven - it works through a combination of Halogen, convection and infrared heat.  The Halogen light turns on and off throughout the cooking process.Pros:The size and design of the Big Boss Fryer and the Big Boss Countertop Oven are similar. (See product images.) Big Boss has improved the design of the handle since the Countertop Oven came out.  On the Countertop Oven there is a switch in the handle that must be pressed in (in other words, handle in the down position) for the unit to work.  The switch is poorly situated, and looks like it could be easily broken off.  The handle on the Fryer has a completely different design.  The handle still must be in the down position for the unit to work, but the switch is now on the top control unit, and is unlikely to break off.  (See product images.) This design change is a definite improvement.Cons:The timer dial shows about six minutes of time on it when it is completely off.  Obviously, it wasn't installed quite right.  (See product images.)The one recipe we tried was somewhat yukky.  We thought for the inaugural run, onion rings would be perfect!  The onion ring recipe just did not yield a tasty result.  The recipe calls for the onion rings to be rolled in a bread crumb mixture instead of being dipped in a batter.  The result was a lumpy mess that did not cook evenly,  (see product images) and tasted like cooked onions topped with crunchy bread crumbs.  While they didn't taste Bad, they sure didn't taste like traditionally prepared french fried onion rings.  Soo disappointing.The bread crumbs also stuck to the fry basket.  I think in future, I will spray the basket with Pam before putting any food in it.Yes.  I will try it again.  However, I am in the midst of packing up my stuff to move, so for now Big Boss Fryer is sitting in a box, waiting for football season.If, in the future, we can get better results with different recipes, this review will be updated.Right now I remain hopeful....UPDATE:  January 2013  Changed rating to 2 starsNope.  This gizmo just doesn't cut it.  If you want fried food, get a deep-fryer.UPDATE, March 2013:  Downgrading the rating to one star.  Further tests of different recipes yielded results much like the first tests. No one in the family wants to dig it out of the cabinet and try it again.  The "fryer" is at this point is about as useful as a doorstop. It will probably be donated to the Salvation Army.
I have two major complaints with this. The first is it is not very stable with tub surrounds and must be used on a steady surface suce as tile or a sturdy wall. It cannot be used on a tub insert or tub surround that has any "give" to it or it will fall down every time. Complaint number two is that it has way too many cracks and crevaces in it and is a pain in the butt to keep clean. Mold and soap scum build up constantly and must be scrubbed with a toothbrush to reach all the cracks. This might work good on a wall as a make up shelf but not in a shower for wet items.03/17/2013- Wow! Apparently telling the truth about a poorly made product gets "un-helpful" votes from the manfacturer and his employees. I guess the truth hurts.
UPDATE: 2 Stars removed...the shelf (being used on tiled walls)  falls down when the grip  fails.Original review....I was very anxious to install this in our bathroom. Boy was I surprised when, for the first time in 8 years, I realized that our shower/tub surround does not have 90 degree corners! It has plenty of storage areas & a unique design, but I can't attach the shelf to a corner because...there are no corners.I had another idea.  There are two recessed areas in the surround that can hold, soap & short bottles, so I tried putting the corner portion of the shelf into a recessed area & attaching the shelf at the top of the recess. That idea wasn't successful  because I didn't have enough room on one side to press the 6 1/4" grip pad to the surround surface.I had to prove to myself that this corner shelf can be pressed onto a corner, so I carried it around my house looking for a corner it would work on & am happy to say that it attached very nicely to a plastered wall which has a bit of swirl design.This shelf is  very easy to install & it's designed so you can put shampoo bottles upside down on it...great, great idea! You can hang your washcloth over the guard while it dries; you can hang your razor & scrubbie or scrub brush on one of the loops.  A lot of thought went into the  OXO GG Press Sure Corner Caddy's design.This is definitely a 4 star shelf. I rated it at 3 stars to call attention to the fact that you might might want to check your tub surround to be sure it has 90 degree corners before you order this shelf.  Keep in mind that the each grip pad is 6 1/4" long x 1 1/2" wide so you will need at least that much space on each side of the corner to attach this shelf.
I got thee hooks to hold a flag for display on July 4.  I am disappointed.  I put the hooks out about two weeks in advance so they would have time to set.  As soon as I put any weight from the flag on the hook it came off.  I would recommend these hooks only for the lightest and unbreakable items.
I use a couple of 3M hooks to hang my potholders on the wall behind the stove. I've been using the3M Command Small Wire Hooks Value Pack, 9-Hookbut while they worked very well, they are white. When I saw that 3M made some clear hooks, I thought these would be a little less noticeable, so I ordered them.I removed the old hooks, then thoroughly washed the area I wanted to hang the new hooks on with a Clorox wipe. Then I wiped the area with a dry paper towel, wiped it again with rubbing alcohol, and then another dry paper towel. For good measure, I waited about an hour before I actually tried to hang the 3M Command 17091CLR Clear Medium Hooks. The wall behind the stove has a plastic shield attached to it and the old hooks adhered very well to this.I can't say the same of the 3M Command 17091CLR Clear Medium Hooks. They didn't last five minutes. If I don't hang anything on the hook, they stay. If I hang even one potholder on the hook, it falls within minutes, even though they are supposed to hold up to two pounds.I should also mention that the sticky strips that come with the hooks have a wall side and a hook side. I made sure that I am using the correct side to hang them. I even removed the first two strips and tried the second two strips that came in the package, but they are just as unreliable as the first two.If you have a hankering to have an empty hook on your wall, these are for you. If you actually need to hang anything on the hook, don't waste your money on these.
I got these to hang a hand towel in the bathroom. I'm using similar (but not clear) hooks in the kitchen for dishtowels, and that works fine. Unfortunately, these stayed stuck to the wall for less than an hour although I followed all the directions. So if what you want to hang weighs significantly less than a hand towel, maybe it'll work, but otherwise...useless.
I was completely disappointed with this vacuum. First, there's way too many different attachments and pieces, with no place on the vacuum to store all these gadgets and gizmos. (I agree completely with the other Amazon reviewer - there's already too much junk in our lives, and we need less clutter, not more. I was highly annoyed after unpacking the vacuum, when I realized that I'd now have to keep track of even more vacuum attachments, hoses, extenders, etc.)Second, the canister is extremely awkward, and the design of the entire vacuum feels counter-intuitive, that is, nothing is located where you would expect to find it, including the on-off switch. Third, it's way too complicated for a vaccum. I've owned vacuums my entire adult life, and never had any issues with any vacuum before, but this one gives me a headache. It's just too frustrating to use, and ultimately, I just don't like it, which is the ultimate fail for a vacuum cleaner. If this was given to me as a gift without a receipt to return it, I'd have ended up rolling it into the back of some dark closet and forgetting I ever owned it.
Some things there is no need to exist.Here, OXO invented two kinds &#8211; TWO KINDS &#8211; of napkin holders.They take up a lot of space and are overdesigned pieces of steel and plastic.Just get a largish river stone or rock to keep napkins down.  Really.
I was looking forward to trying this product. It looked cool in it's colors and styling and I liked how it was supposed to dispense one napkin at a time. Well, it looks good and does dispense one napkin at a time, but that is the end of the positive features. It would only hold 16 regular napkins. That means that for my family of four the napkin holder needed to be refilled after every fourth meal, or sooner. So I would be refilling the holder every other day. We didn't even bother refilling it, just went back to your old regular style holder which holds about 50 napkins!
Update: 6/23/2013: I am downgrading my review from two stars to one. I have tried repeatedly to use this juicer and have nothing but problems: It will *not* juice carrots; it constantly jams. Read below and you will see that I am a very experienced juicer and I have been juicing regularly for 15 years. I now notice that Amazon has a caution up about this product. I don't know if the reasons are related, but I would wait until that is resolved before you buy. Here is the original review, slightly edited.Before I begin the actual product review I want to say two things: One is that I'm a very experienced juicer, I bought my first Champion masticating juicerChampion Juicer G5-PG710 - BLACK Commerical Heavy Duty Juicerabout 15 years ago and I loved it. I gave it away (big mistake) because it hogged a lot of counter space and it weighed as much as a lawn mower. It was a beast, but it was great (more about it in a minute). I also own a BrevilleBreville BJE200XL Compact Juice Fountain 700-Watt Juice Extractora centrifugal (non-masticating) juicer. For those new to juicing, a centrifugal-type juicer basically chops up what you insert and then spins at a very high rate to create juice (that's a horrible definition, but Google the types and you'll read more); a masticating juicer uses an auger to grind that stuff up. When you have a good masticating juicer you end up with dry pulp in the pulp catcher and clear, pulp-free juice (and lots more of it) in the juicer catcher. Centrifugal juicers are faster and cheaper, but produce less juice. The pulp coming out of a centrifugal juicer is usually quite wet--an obvious sign that not all of the juice has been extracted.OK, second, there is often a lot of fuss in reviews about what a pain they are to use, that you have to chop things, peel some things, and that they take forever to clean up. All of this is somewhat true. But anyone who juices knows this isn't an instant high--you have to be willing to put 15 mins of work (including set up and clean up) to get a couple nice glasses of fresh juice. Also, fresh produce is not cheap in many parts of the country, so juicing is not always that cheap. Still, for those willing to put in a small amount of effort, the beauty of creating your own fresh juice in any blend you want (and organically if you buy organic produce) is a wondrous thing.So, that said, here are my thoughts on this NS-950 juicer, in pro and con fashion and I will tell you in advance, I am not thrilled with this juicer. It has a lot of issues.Pros:* It's a nice looking juicer and has a good solid feel and a nice big handle for moving it around. I like the handle a great deal.* It seems well made, it is solid, though I'm not thrilled with all of its design aspects.* I like the design of the juice catcher and the pulp catcher.* It has a 10-year warranty. That is very impressive given that most kitchen appliances give you a year. We'll see if they honor it.Cons:* There is nothing even remotely intuitive about assembling this. ALL juicers take some getting used to and you have to read the manuals carefully. The drawings in almost all manuals are hideous (the drawings for this are OK, but too small) and so, before you get too frustrated, you really have to take time in learning to assemble and disassemble these things. This is worse than most of them: it took me nearly a half an hour to figure out what went where--AFTER I read the manual a few times. Some things seem well designed (the upper juice configuration snaps on solidly to the base, for example), but some seem less than great (the auger is awkward to insert).* The manual is somewhat light on details and advice, I think. It is adequate, but just barely. The juice booklet they give you with it has some great ideas for juicing but it was translated by someone for whom English is obviously a second (or third) language. How is this for a lulu of a sentence: "It is recommendable to drink natural juice in order to absorb all retained nutrients." Huh? And it gets much worse. Hey, I'm a technical writer, hire me to write your manual.* It JAMMED on the first use. I was making a mix of red delicious apples and carrots and it jammed on 4" lengths of carrot. I have never had a juicer jam before. They say when this happens, just hit the reversing button and it should clear. Not even close. I had to disassemble the entire upper juicing component and then use my fingers to scrape out the carrots so I could restart it. That to me is a deal breaker. If you were using a Champion juicer (the one mentioned above) you would never see it jam on anything. Ever. You can grind bricks with a Champion, I think (yes, joking). This unit works fine on soft fruits but I bought this to make carrot juice. Grade? F.* The pulp exit tube is FAR TOO SMALL. It's really a joke. The exit tube for pulp on the Champion is well over an inch in diameter, I think, but this one is tiny. IT was constantly jammed and each time I clean this unit I have to insert a small tool (a chopstick works) into the exit area to clean it out. Wow, what a pain!* The chute for inserting produce is tiny compared to my Champion or my Breville juicers. You have have to cut everything into tiny pieces. What a pain.* It is not silent! It's not particularly loud or annoying (though they warn you of a strange screeching noise that it makes) but it's not even close to silent. It does SCHREECH at you!My conclusion? I would not spend $400-500 on this juicer. Research other brands of masticating juicers and think about owning a Champion. There is, I gather, a reason most juice bars use Champion juicers and I regret that I gave mine away. As I said, I also own a Breville ($100) compact juicer and while it is not as efficient at extracting juice, it's a ton easier to use and to clean. And it does a darn good job. I've been using the Breville for a couple of years and I'm very happy with it. So, if you want a fast, inexpensive and reliable juicer, check out that Breville (I have a review on that page). If you want a solid masticating juicer, check out Champion or read more online reviews.I'm not giving up on this juicer. I will keep using it because I like to make sure I give everything a fair shake. And I think this unit *did* produce quality juice that was clear and free of pulp. (By the way, you can save the pulp you create with any juicer and use it to make muffins--it's fantastic, so keep that in mind if you're baking and juicing the same day.) But for now, much as I hate to be unkind, having a juicer jam on me is a real deal breaker. I'd give this 3 or even more stars based on its solid feel and quality juice, but I can't give it that because of it jamming on carrots, so I'm giving it only two (maybe 2.5) based on that and its somewhat outrageous price. If you disagree with my review, please feel free to comment. I can sometimes be persuaded to upgrade if I think I've been unfair.
This juicer has too many things going against it, so it is a disappointment.  There are lots of parts, but not enough instructions.  Cleaning, even with the touted 'tool' is not easy.  There are not enough recipes.  The pieces of food have to be cut into small bits to insert, which defeats the purpose.  I have had it awhile, to give it time to grow on us, but it is not happening.
First off, this does not make a good cup of coffee. Second, have fun washing it in the dishwasher, it capture a lot of food particles!!! Oops... Third, from the photo, I thought it was coming with the great primula glass mug. Nope. All around a bad deal.
Sometimes you just need a single cup of coffee, but frankly, this isn't Grandma's favorite way to produce one.  While thePrimula Coffee Brew Buddy Single Cup Coffee Maker, Redis an OK tea strainer, it certainly isn't a substitute for either a drip coffee maker or a French press.  Worse, it is miserable to clean.Grandma's $0.02 - Grab a cuppa on the go instead.  Not worth the mess!
Didn't find this mit to be particularly comfortable to use.  Prefer the fabric type.  It worked fine of course, with  no heat transfer, but I'd prefer something more fashionable in the kitchen - and I'm hardly an artist.  Also, there is a particular noxious odor from the rubberized sufrace that is emitted from this glove when you use it to transport a hot object.  I do not like this at all.Edit:  I'm changing the rating to one star.  This mitt is tight fitting - I've never had one as tight as this.  Honestly, this mit is worse than even those free mitts you might've got from a political campaigner giving them out with their name on it.  This thing just sucks. I do not know how anyone could screw up an oven mitt but the deed is done.
Granted it's meant for women, but geez.  My husband can't even use it AT ALL.  It takes me at least 20 seconds to get my hand in there.  Granted, I have larger hands than normal.  But still.  If I'm cooking dinner and trying to get something out of the oven, I don't want to have to stand there struggling just to put the oven mitt on.  When you're trying to get dinner on the table as quick as possible, this hinders instead of helps.  There are a lot better oven mitts out there that are more effective and less costly, like the silicone ones (OXO or Orka are good ones).It is a good material, and very heat resistant.  That's about the only positive quality it has.  It's overpriced and too small.  I wouldn't buy it.
When I saw this item, I thought it was a fantastic concept and that it would be great to carry breakfast or lunch with me to work.  Bad idea.  Looking at the item, the presence of the spork assumes that this is meant to be taken out and about and is meant for portability.  Unfortunately, the same thing that allows the "Pop N Go" to be collapsible also prevents it from being truly useful, sturdy and protective.  This is a primarily silicone item and it is squishy.  Squishy on the outside means anything you put inside of it is going to get squished too.  For $25, you can buy several Rubbermaid or Tupperware containers that will do the trick better.Let me explain how I tested this:1) I used a thin substance to replicate salad dressing and placed it in the container (both sides).  I placed the lid on while the container was expanded.  Firstly, a strange vacuum was created and when placed in a bag and jostled around a bit - it leaked badly.  There is no such thing as an air-tight seal on this container.2) The Spork utensil kept popping out of it's respective slot.  It is held by very small and flimsy tabs that will quickly wear down.  With a bit of time, the Spork is going to be history and you will have lost it and it's cover.  Bummer.This is just a failed item all around.  I'm unsure how the Pop N Go even made it to production.  It's flimsy, it's pricey... I am unsure what it is good for except storage in the fridge.  I could see value in a space saving set of these created for storage purposes only.  That is a feasible use ... but to tout this item as a meal box to go doesn't work.This Pop N Go does not travel nicely - if you travel with it and have any drippy, sticky, goopy substance (read soup, stew, salad dressings, etc) then they will leak with any amount of jostling.  Save your money for a lunchbox.  1 Star.
It's ok.  Nice that you can put it in the dishwasher.  Nice bright color.  However, the fact that it isn't liquid tight is a real deal breaker.  I don'e need something like this to put a sandwich and cracker.  Any bag will do for that.  If I can't put whatever liquids in it and drop it in my backpack or my kids lunch sack and have to worry about it leaking both in to the other compartments or even worse all over our stuff then forget it.  It does collapse down but doesn't save that much room from the original size.  In fact the fact that it is so soft makes it even more of a liability in that it can crush your food, push up on the lid, or twist/deform enough to open the lid while in your bag.
This does NOT heat a room. I put it in my bedroom which I keep the door closed so by the time I go to bed, it's down to 58 to 60 degrees. The room is 12' x 14'. Not that large. It was hard to find a place to even put this as it says to keep 3 feet away from any furniture and I only have 4' between the bed and the closet in the largest open area in my room. I put it there, plugged it in, shut the door so it was only heating this room and let it run for an hour and it only brought the room temperature up by 4 degrees AND it had to run constantly to do that. I have a LASKO brand tower heater that oscillates and it warms my room up by10 degrees in about 20 minutes or less and barely runs during the night to hold the temperature I set it at. It also has a feature that I can set it to turn off after 8 hours and I use that all the time in case I forget to turn it off. With all the warnings this thing has, like the cord may get hot (and it did) and it was plugged into the correct type of outlet and keep it 3 feet away from any furniture and don't set on carpet or rugs and it gets hot to the touch while running, etc., etc., etc.... Cords should not get warm, much less hot, when plugged into the right type of grounded outlet. I'll just toss this thing as I feel it is UNSAFE to use in any room and I certainly would never let it run while I am sleeping. Glad I have my tower heater and it's 6 years old and still works like new so go look at LASKO's heaters, you'll be glad you did.
I have owned Lasco heating and cooling products for a good long time and tried theVornado TH1 Whole Room Tower Heateras spare heater for my office.  The winter this year has been brutal and I was excited to try this new heater because it leaves you to expect so much from it.  But this heater really fails to deliver even partially on what it promises.My office is barely 10' by 10'; so approx. 100 sqft.  I had the unit on high all morning and was really surprised it was not actually spreading out the heat.  Sure if you sit right next to it you will feel heat but that quickly dissipates and does not propagate out into the room, truly disappointing.  In a couple hours of having it on, the temperature didn't change from the 62 the room was when I turned the heater on.  Some heaters can raise the temperature nearly 6 or 7 degrees in 15-30mins so not even one degree in over 2 hours is really unacceptable.  While this heater may look nice and stylish, it is simply not a good performer, regardless the setting you have it on.I have had some noisy heaters in my lifetime, and most have been rather tolerable, however this heater seems exceptionally noisy.  More so than some of the louder air purifiers I have owned.  A heater without a remote control is an inconvenience however, this is something you should be aware of before buying so I won't fault the unit for that.Save yourself some grief and avoid this heater.  My Lasco which cost less than half this Vornado is more powerful at a lower wattage.  I expected a lot from this 1500 watt Vornado but it has failed to deliver and I would not recommend this heater.  I will be returning my Vornado.
This is a Krups combination espresso and regular coffee maker.I wouldn't recommend anyone buy it, but I wrote most of the review before I tried to pull a shot of espresso, so read on if you want the full review.The espresso pot holds two long shots.  The coffee pot is what is called a 10-cup and takes a #4 cone filter (book says #3, but Amazon doesn't sell unbleached #3's, only 2's and 4's; I actually used #2s for this review); no filter is included.  There is a steam wand for frothing milk, but no milk pitcher is included (a steel pitcheris recommended to get the best froth.)  This machine has no grinder and includes a clock and a program setting which will activate the coffee-side of the machine once at a specified time not more than 24 hours in the future.  There is no cup warmer and a measuring scoop with a flattened bottom does double duty as a tamper, though you are told not to tamp grounds tight.I am comparing it to my current setup, which is a very basic Braun 4-cup coffee maker and a 1988 Krups Espresso Novo.  Whole beans, highest quality and drenched in oils; and RO water are used; I grind at brew time with Braun blade and La Pavoni burr grinders.  I probably drank 5 times my usual daily intake while writing this review, so if I go overboard, please blame the caffeine.Unboxing was easy, not too much waste, and it would be easy to repack the unit.  On inspection, it's a handsome piece of equipment, all black plastic, except the drip plate under the espresso portafilter, which is gray plastic.  I liked the manual cord winder beneath the unit so you don't have extra cord all over your counter.  Water is loaded into the espresso boiler from the top; inspection reveals some sharp edges in the cast aluminum boiler.  The portafilter is narrower and deeper than usual, suggesting to me that pressures and extractions might be on the dicey side.  The steam wand swings out to the user's left, requiring left-handed frothing and at least a good 6-8 inches of free space on the left of the unit.On the coffee side, the filter holder swings out, requiring about 6-8 inches free space on the right of the unit.  The filter holder is ridged black plastic, nothing unusual here.  The carafe is glass and a very odd shape: its fat base narrows down considerably to fit onto the 4-inch-wide heating element.  (My Braun and Zojirushi 4-cups each have a 5-inch-wide element; the Krups carafe is 6 inches wide just above this weird base.)Java, first cup:  the coffee brewed quickly, quietly and, sadly, with little aroma.  I had music playing and my usual sonic cue that the coffee was done was not audible.  A red light indicating brewing comes on, then goes off; a green light comes on indicating ready; I am 5'10" and had to back 8 feet off to be able to see either of these lights in my bright kitchen because they are recessed too far into the panel.  About 25% of the water was lost in the brewing process, same as my little cheapie.  The carafe poured easily and did not spill everywhere when I wanted to pour swiftly, a major problem with some carafes.  Flavor was bright, bitter and clear and the coffee was much hotter than I am used to: altogether a superior extraction.  I like to use coffee machines for years and hand-clean them; this was, of course, missing that flavor, but the oily bitterness of a nice complete extraction more than made up for it.  Cleanup was swift and easy.Espresso:  This thing doesn't make espresso.  I compared it side by side, identical conditions, to my 25 year old Krups Espresso Novo.  Now a purist would scoff at that machine, but after looking at the price tags on La Pavoni Europiccolas for the last decade, I've never managed to pull the trigger and buy one, so I think it'll probably be my home-espresso standard for the immediate future.  My standards are at least 8mm of crema; a nutty, buttery, just-baked-bread aroma, sweet caramel flavor notes, and a super oily texture on a ristretto; tongue-burning hotness in a prewarmed demi-tasse; total destruction of that fishy smell that is common and appropriate to true freshly-roasted full-city beans; and no burnt/sour/bitter after-coat on the tongue. I shot one just before trying the machine under review and it was as usual - better than usual, actually, because I bought some really nice beans for this review.First I tried filling up the boiler on this machine.  (Meanwhile I set down the filled portafilter, which promptly tipped over and spilled.)  I pressed the button, thinking it would heat and build up a head of steam - my old machine took 124 seconds to be ready.  This machine did nothing for 15 minutes.  I then read the manual and found out that you have to pre-load the boiler with the exact amount of water you want in the carafe, and then just let it go through at its own pace.  Since the options are two demi-tasses and four demi-tasses, you can't shoot straight into your prewarmed cup - you must use the carafe.Already I was skeptical - espresso is made by swiftly forcing a cylinder of overpressure steam through a tamped grounds cake with no headspace - but I did what the manual suggested.  In about 2 minutes I had a carafe full to the '2' mark.  There were 2 mm of listless crema which did not come through in the pour from the carafe into my demi-tasse.  The coffee was about 110 degrees at that point.  The taste was ashes, bitter cinchona bark, fresh-beans fishiness, and a tongue-coating burnt bitterness that lingered foully.  The difference between this and my old machine was night and day and I spat this machine's product into the sink.Inspection of the portafilter was revealing.  Larger bits of grind had clearly FLOATED in the headspace.  There was no disturbance of the surface of the cake by jets of steam, something I like to look for in an espresso maker.  The cake was tamped tight, suggesting that some overpressure had taken place, and when I knocked it in the trash it came out in one piece.  The plastic filter-lock also popped off its hinges, though, so the filter and filter lock also fell into the trash, and the side of my index finger that was holding the filter lock on, slid up the handle to the metal filter holder and got burned - second degree, too, nice blister.  (I swear that's not why I'm giving this machine 1 star, though - could've happened to anyone on any machine on any given day.)After this, I actually took the time to fire up the steam wand.  Surprisingly, perhaps, it was almost as good as the old machine.  The wand wouldn't reach the bottom of my standard issueKrups 20 oz. steel pitcher.  Really getting stiff foam with a home machine like this takes some practice - it's nothing like using a commercial 6 atm machine - and this was complicated by the fact that my practice has all been done using my dominant right hand.  I used my right hand for this, too, but it was the wrong side of the machine - lefties should love this wand - and it was awkward.  Foam was decent, not super, certainly didn't form peaks or serve as a surface for mocha art.  There was also an extra step; after I was done foaming, I shut the steam off and then the manual instructs me that I have to let all the steam out into a vessel of cold water.  That took like another 30 seconds.Seriously, Krups?  I don't shoot espresso into a carafe.  The left side of this machine is a small drip coffeemaker.  Don't try to sell it to me as an espresso machine.  As part of this review I went to BB&B; (needed a steel pitcher, couldn't find mine) and noticed a few Breville machines -one with a built in grinder- and actuallyone Krups machineas well - that look like they'd build up 15 bar and do it more or less right.  All of these were metal, had super thick groupheads and portafilters - yeah, I am the kind of guy who uses the word grouphead, live with it - and were priced about three times as much as this model.Summary:  Right side works just as well as a lot of $30 coffee makers with clock on the market - and better than some, though I prefer myZojirushi Zutto.  Left side is worthless unless you want to make hot chocolate.  Therefore, one star.  Consider moving up into the higher pricepoints; getting a dedicated 15 bar espresso-only unit; or buying a used Espresso Novo #964 in the usual places (if you do, make sure its steam wand has a black rubber tip with a steel snorkel, and that the snorkel has the little black plastic doohickey on its top end.)
Let me start by saying that I used to have a small Krups espresso machine, and loved it.  It provided me with a good cup of coffee that I could make just to my liking, and a great froth with hot milk.  I was so hoping to get that same affect with this new Krups espresso machine.I'm sure there was a brainstorming session of the Krups engineers where they decided to make their machine look cool and kinda techy.  Because after all, you can't just put out a good machine that works the same as the last machine.  Surely, nobody will buy it unless it looks like it's been updated.  Well, not if the new design keeps it from working at all.So, where to begin:1) There's this oval-ly shaped shelf with a silver railing that serves no purpose whatsoever.  Unless you imagine teeny little people hanging out up there and clutching the railing so they won't fall over.  It makes it difficult to tell just where the filter holder fits underneath it.  I had to tip it over and fill my way around.  Good thing it wasn't hot yet!2) Let's hear a big sigh for this one...SIGH...the frothing tip is too close to the machine, and it's too far down to be able to put a normal size silver frothing  mug underneath.  The tip does a horrible job of frothing milk.  If you can call it frothing, because I didn't get a bit of froth.  In fact, it didn't even heat up the milk - just sorta warmed it up.  I should give it negative 5 stars for this because the best part of an espresso machine should be the milk frother.3) The lid to the water reservoir is just too large and a major design goof.  It's designed to be palmed and turned one way or the other.  But, you would have to have Schwarzenegger sized hands to be able to do so.  I turned my hardest and still didn't get it closed enough.  The steam was so hot it burned my hand when I tried to turn the knob from espresso to steam.4) The knob on the left to switch between espresso, off and steam is too difficult to turn.  It's very difficult.  It's ridiculously difficult.  And, because it sits directly beneath the lid, where all the hot steam is pouring out of, it makes it even more difficult to turn.  I threw a pot holder over the lid to cut down on the steam and had to use two hands to turn the knob.5) No "Ready" light.  A light goes on when the machine is heating up.  However, there's no light that tells you it's ready to steam milk.  Since it suggests that you steam your milk before making the espresso, it should have a ready light so you know when it's time to switch from espresso, where it needs to be to get hot, to steam.It gets one star only because I can't give it less.
This is a decent kettle and it brews a good cup of tea, but there are definitely some shortcomings.I love tea and I drink plenty of it at home and at work.  I usually useT-Sac Disposable Paper Tea Bagswith my loose leaf tea, because I don't generally want to wait around until the tea has finished brewing and then empty out the infuser.  A kettle like this is a nice solution, because it boils the water and brews the tea at the same time.  I love the concept and I've had good results, not without shortcomings though.My first complaint might just be my own quirk, but it was a major disappointment with this product.  It actually made me wonder if the engineers who designed it are actually tea drinkers or not.  It has to do with the temperature of the water.  All of the loose leaf teas that I purchase state the proper water temperature for the blend of tea.  For example, if you steep green teas in water that is too hot (boiling), then it will burn the leaves and make bitter tea.  Many kettles on the market include a temperature setting, but this one does not.  That's really a shame.  The instructions simply say to turn it off before it shuts off automatically if you want a lower temp.  I guess that would be OK if it had a thermometer built in, but I can't tell the temperature just by looking at it (and I'd need a time machine to turn it off before it shuts off automatically, because I have no idea when that is until it's too late.)This kettle is also very loud.  I brought it into my office thinking that I could use it in our kitchen or even at my desk, but it's pretty disruptive.  My coffee maker at home is loud too (and gets louder as the water empties out of the reservoir), but I thought this would be quieter since it's just recycling in one container and not emptying out of a reservoir.  It's definitely too loud to use at my desk, and I get glares from coworkers when I use it in our open kitchen too.I'm also surprised by how hard it is to seat the carafe back onto its base.  I have used many different instant kettles and they are all very easy to remove and replace from their base.  This one is tricky to remove from the base (which is bad when it's full of boiling water) and it's very difficult to replace on the base.  And although the carafe is attractive looking, it doesn't keep the contents warm.  So if you make an entire pot, you'd better be prepared to chug it all down pretty quickly.I've always had better luck with Krups in the past.  For a respected brand like this (and for what seems like a high price to me), I would have expected a better product.  I would have expected them to really take the tea drinker's needs into account:* Burning the tea leaves:  Bad.* Noisy device:  Isn't a good cup of tea supposed to be enjoyable and relaxing?  A loud appliance is just the opposite.  I might as well go back to the whistling kettle on my stovetop.* Clumsy fit:  Very bad.  This goes back to the "relaxing" point.  Wrestling the carafe back onto the base is not enjoyable.Although I've prepared myself some very tasty pots of tea with this kettle (if I monitor the temps closely), the overall experience is not positive.  I do not recommend this kettle.EDIT:  I just thought of a silver-lining.  As I sat here gulping down the last bit of a cold cup of tea (because this kettle doesn't keep the tea warm), I realized that this is going to be perfect this summer for making iced tea.  It's only a slight re-purposing, but it should work great for iced beverages.Now that I've had a chance to use this kettle for a few months, I'm changing my opinion from two-stars to one-star.  It's just not that practical and I don't use it very much anymore.  Very sad.____________________Update:  4/15/14I just moved to a new office and had to pick which items to take with me and which ones to part ways with.  This tea kettle was a no-brainer:  This item didn't make the cut and got the big heave-ho.  Adios kettle.
I feel like this is a half-way product. It could use some improvement. It does not keep drinks as hot as my Nissan Thermos - the bottle even feels hot to touch on outside, which means it is not holding the heat inside. I will poor boiling hot water in there at 7am, and by the time I get to work, it is already just warm, not hot hot hot.Also, the cap on top is not removable - so you either have to have a separate cap to poor your hot drink into, or drink directly from the bottle. But the bottle is too thick and awkward to hold it comfortably and drink directly from it! Just stupid. I even dropped it once already, while trying to drink from it. The drop caused some damage to the plastic top. So I do not expect this to last long. It is also too thick to fit into a standard drink holder in your car.
The best thing about this plunger is that the top of the handle screws off, which makes it easier to store inside a cabinet.The  water does bead up and roll off the outside of the plunger ball, but the beads of water get caught on the ball's lip. This plunger is still going to drip water after use.The rubber in the ball is too flimsy. Even moderate force will flatten it out and it wlll not return to a round shape.
Does not work.  It simply does not work.  It does not create a seal around the hole so you cannot use it to free a clog.  This will only serve to frustrate.I have tried it on several toilets in our house - all Toto brand.Poo does not stick to this, but TP does.  Not sure what the thing about "clean and dry" is all about.  It sheds water pretty well.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:No, I don't expect a Mercedes Benz for the price of a Hyundai, but I have an old Hoover that I bought for about the same price within the past 10 years, and it is much more substantial and well made than this vacuum.  From the moment this Dirt Devil came out of the box and my wife began assembling it (by the way, assembly was simple--just a few minutes and 3 screws), everything about it said CHEAP.  Good luck finding a part anywhere on it that is not molded plastic.  Further, it weighs next to nothing.  For those who are looking for a light vacuum, you will like this one.  For us, it just felt cheap.  Frankly, I had all but written it off until we finally gave it a try.  THAT'S WHEN MY PERCEPTION OF THIS VACUUM MADE A CHANGE FOR THE BETTER.Wow, it is a real performer!  When I say it's a performer, I am obviously referring to its ability to extract dirt and debris from surfaces of all types.  We have tried it on tile, laminate, and carpet flooring, and it has done fabulously on all surfaces, with no height adjustment required, I might add.  One of the nifty features of the vacuum is the fact that it auto-adjusts to the height of the surface being vacuumed.  I have NO IDEA how it does this (engineering is not my forte), but it works.  That much I will attest.  I can tell it is working well because you can see, hear, and feel its power.  When I say you can see its power, there is something reassuring about seeing the dirt collection receptacle on the vacuum swirling around with dirt that has been collected.  We were truly amazed at how well it works.  The detachable hose and attachments work well, too, and they attach/detach easily.  No complaints there.  The dirt collection receptacle attaches and detaches smoothly and easily.  We tried opening up the receptacle to see how we will empty it when it gets full.  Again, it was simple.  Should be a snap.We look forward to putting this vacuum to the test.  My only concern gets back to where I started.  It just seems too cheaply made.  I can see it getting tipped over and breaking on a hard floor.  From there, we will have a worthless piece of junk, as nobody wants to use a broken vacuum.  I feel like they should have built this kind of quality performance into a better made vacuum.  I guess this is the way of the world now in our "throw away" society.  I remember the days of vacuums getting passed down from one generation to the next.  That ain't happening with this vacuum.  It give it 3 years max before it meets the trash barrel.Still, I give this vacuum 4 stars because it works great.  If you baby it and handle it like fine China, it may last you many years.  For the price, it's hard to complain.UPDATE ON 2/22/13:  Last weekend, my wife was using this vacuum upstairs.  I was on the main floor, and I swore that I smelled something burnt, but I could not figure out the source of the smell.  Then, my wife came downstairs telling me that this vacuum had reached the end of the line.  She said there was a burning smell coming from it, and then it suddenly quit running.  A few minutes later, it was up and running again.  She attempted to use it, but a couple of minutes later, it died once again.  I decided to give it a proper burial in the bottom of our trash barrel this week.  I am not that old, but it's hard not to reminisce about the days when things were built to last.  Granted, I got this vacuum for free to test out and review, but I am still highly disappointed that it died so quickly.  Despite its cheapness, it actually vacuumed carpets as well as any vacuum we had ever owned.
Update: After six months, the unit seems to overheat after 5 minutes of use. It just shuts off and then you have to wait a couple hours for it to be usable again. I've thrown the vacuum out and changed the review to one star. Checked belts, brush, etc. -- all appears fine from the outside, so something more serious is wrong.===When I finished putting this vacuum together, I was surprised how light weight it was. On the other hand, the plastic is pretty thin all over the vacuum and the wheels are noisy when they move. Nonetheless, all the features for a vacuum in this price range are there -- bagless canister, basic hose, washable filter, etc. Assembly consisted of three screws to put a few parts together and then installing the dirt cup.There is no height adjustment for the brush wheel and it doesn't seem to work very well on hard floors. There are only 10 amps of power, unlike some (slightly) heavier models that provide a typical 12 amp motor. The cord is sufficiently long (manufacturer states 25 feet) and the power switch is easily foot actuated. There is no headlight. The belt and brush roll replacement, however, requires five (5) screws to be removed and a bit more delicate handiwork. A one year warranty rounds the package out.My apartment has a relatively high pile carpet and this vacuum has no trouble dealing with it. The hose comes with a simple upholstery brush and well as an edge tool. The canister opens from the bottom (nice!) so just put your garbage bag/can under it and whoosh, it's empty. I haven't needed to clean the filter yet but it looks easy to do. In terms of cleaning performance, it seems to pick up everything I vacuum under it (mostly food crumbs and dust I think). No pet hair in my household so can't speak to that type of suction efficacy. In short, the performance seems similar to the 12Amp Eureka I have with more features (headlight, longer cord length, easier to replace belt, etc.)If weight, price, and performance (in that order) are the most important factors to you of a vacuum, look no further. But if any other order of preference applies to you, look elsewhere.
I am going to rate the Jaguar 4 stars (I like it) mainly because of one great feature: price. Everything else is either just Okay or a little below par.GOODBut let me start with the good features. Besides the good price, the Pet Jaguar comes with an easy to clean HEPA filter, a couple of tools/accessories, a small but very easy to empty, see-through dirt cup, a reasonably long cord and a dial for adjusting its height above the floor so it will operate well on either carpets or bare floors.It does a pretty good job at removing dust and it's relatively easy to drive. The attachments include a crevice tool that works well, a pet hair removal tool and another brush that you could use to clean up sofas and upholsteries.BADSo far so good but not everything is perfect.This vacuum cleaner comes with a terrible manual. It's trilingual English/Spanish/French with each topic or installation step or operation activity discussed in all three languages on the same page which makes it very difficult to read. And, because of that, putting it together took longer than I expected and I had to get back to the manual and try to re-interpret the instructions several times before everything was in place correctly. But, to be fair, you only do installation once and there is a phone number provided where someone might be able to help. I didn't get to actually speak with anyone because while on hold for about 10 minutes I was able to properly figure out what I was expected to do.The build is what one would expect on a product this cheap. Low price, not high quality were 'job one' in this case. The body is cheap-looking, rather thin plastic, not perfectly glued together and the pedal that releases the handle acts as if it's not going to last too long because there is some unexpected resistance when you push it down. There's also a louder than expected noise whenever the handle snaps back and locks itself into the vertical position.WARRANTYThe warranty does not cover accessories or attachments and, of course does not cover any damages that may result from accident, abuse or unusual wear of the product. For something this inexpensive the requirement that the owner pays for shipping the vacuum cleaner to the repair center makes it unlikely that most are going to actually take advantage of it during the one year covered.CONCLUSIONI would not have this as a primary vacuum cleaner unless it was meant to operate in a small dwelling or had to be purchased in a hurry to meet a temporary need. Its claim of better handling pet hair seems to reinforce my impression that it's not really meant to be THE vacuum cleaner in the house but it can be a good backup or it can be relegated to a certain section of the house such as the areas that pets access or perhaps one specific floor or the basement. It did a good cleaning job so far but I'm not sure for how long it's going to last. If it does break or performance degrades faster than expected I will come back to this review, document my experience and re-evaluate my rating._________________________________________________Update: 6/21/2013The Jaguar nearly disintegrated after a few uses. Its internal airducts tend to get clogged with dust to the point where it stops cleaning and the motor is about to burn under overload - I can smell the burned rubber. Cleaning up the clogged pipes and hoses is anything from 'very difficult' to 'impossible'. It will never be used again.The Jaguar turned out to be a low quality implement that is badly designed, feels cheap and doesn't last. My initial 4-star review (because of it being cheap) gets now downgraded to one star because this would not be a good deal no matter how low the price.
I just received this in the mail not 20 minutes ago, took it out of the box, noticed there was something rattling around in it, plugged it in anyway, and voila, 3 minutes later it stopped working.  Motion sensor is a good concept, but this item is not worth the postage it cost for Amazon to send it to me.
The tongs are made up of 3 pieces. A curved piece fits into the end of each arm. Everything is well coated with a spongy exterior to prevent scratches. They are well made and probably are easy to clean.Unfortunately they are completely useless.The business ends of the tongs are spoon shaped so that they don't come completely together when squeezed. Besides there being a gap, the ends are smooth. They should be scalloped so that they have a surface to grab onto whatever is being cooked. About the most these tongs will lift is a string bean. There is no way to lift a steak or turn a piece of chicken without the meat slipping back into place.The tongs aren't even shaped right to be used as stirring spoons.My pair will soon be heading to the landfill.zero stars.
This product has received some fantastic marketing in the past few months.  I have seen it "recommended" by several websites, and seen it in many online stores, catalogs, and in stores.  I used it on Thanksgiving for my 12 pound turkey.  Before I used it, I washed it.  I realized that it would be a drag to wash after using it, because of all of the nooks and crannies, plus the underside is hollow, so there's even more to clean.  So my husband laid the turkey on top of this laurel, and the thing slid out of place.  I re-positioned it, and we stuck the pan in the oven.  About a half hour later, my husband decided to check on the turkey.  The laurel thing had slid again, and the turkey was actually starting to burn on the bottom because it was directly on the bottom of the pan, NOT where we put it.  We switched to the regular roasting rack that came with the pan and then I had to wash the laurel thing.  This might work for a smaller bird, like a chicken, but I don't see how, since it is open ended and slides all over the place.
Update 11/22/13:After about a month of daily use, this thing broke and is no longer heating the water up at all.  For $80 that is completely ridiculous and unacceptable.  Do not buy.My review prior to this update is below:------------------------------------------------PROS:-Stainless steel design (very nice)-Adjustable temperature-Allows you to hold the temperature in the tea kettle once it is reached (perfect for tea brewing procrastinators like myself)CONS:-Plastic DOES exist inside the kettle itself.  A big no-no for purists.-Takes ALMOST 10 MINUTES to reach boiling temperature for 1.7 L (max capacity) using cold filtered water.  That is twice as slow as a cheaper model kettle I have.Conclusion:  If you are a very patient person who likes the adjustable temperature and hold temperature features then go for this model.  If you think waiting 10 minutes for a nice amount of hot water is too much, then look elsewhere.
Edited review 12/21/2013:----------------------------Alas, I need to edit my review and drop my original 5-star rating to 1-star.  I really liked this kettle and it did function very well, but it has now stopped heating water. It still turns on and the electronics still function, but it will not heat.  There was no indication of a problem.  It heated water, then the next time it simply didn't.  Other reviews point to a blown thermal fuse.  This is unacceptable for this price range of appliance.  I am sorry to say that my kettle has joined the ranks of the other 1-star 'dead kettle' reviews.  As much as I loved this kettle while it worked, I simply cannot recommend it since it died in roughly 8 weeks of service.Original Review:------------------I replaced an aging plastic cordless kettle (same design/not variable temp) with this stainless steel, electronic one from Bonavita. The Bonavita seems twice as fast as my old kettle, even when set to a rolling boil for tea.  It's well constructed, attractive, quiet, and works very well.  If I had one real complaint, it would be that the power cord (that plugs the base into the wall outlet) is on the short side.PROS AND CONS AT-A-GLANCE:+ Fast.  It boils water to 212 degrees faster than my old kettle.+ Quiet.+ Variable temperature setting.  Use the factory presets for quick settings, and/or the plus and minus buttons to set a desired temp. It also handily remembers your last setting.+ Easy ON/OFF usage.+ 'Hold' button keeps water at temperature for up to an hour.+ Temperature 'up count' so you know when it's near to being done.+ Switchable to either Fahrenheit or Celsius.+ Water fill gauge in the handle.+ Easy pour spout.  The spout filter is removable for cleaning.+ Comes with a 'splash cover.'  I don't use this because I think it makes the buttons harder to press (imo), I'm just careful with drips and splashes.+ Attractive stainless steel design.- Short power cord on the base (15" from base to tip of power plug by my measurment).  My countertop outlets are in the middle of the wall, so there's hardly enough cord to drape over or between whatever items are sitting on my kitchen counter.- Main opening is pretty small if you're trying to get your hand inside to clean it.- Stainless steel body obviously gets very hot/could cause burns while in use (unlike my old plastic kettle).OVERALL:I've tried a few different kettles in the past to replace my aging plastic kettle.  This is the best one I have tried.  I like it and I would definitely recommend it.
Like that of the reviewer above, our local water is not acceptable for use without filtration. We use a Berkey for ALL drinking and cooking water, as well as for use in small appliances.  Equally unfortunately, my water inlet is the also the same . . . buried under our concrete slab with no way of installing a hanging filter from the inlet pipe.Installing this filter is not a do-it-yourself project.  It requires professional installation, so get a professional's opinion before you purchase this filter.  You will save time and money, and you'll come out with the best filtration system for your particular house.
My husband is of moderate DIY skill; he's not a professional but he installed all our new vinyl windows. We also own rental houses and he usually does the fixes on those himself. So when I saw this item, I thought he should be able to install this.The first thing he noted were the instructions were not very well written. He was able to figure it out but it wasn't easy. A note to those wondering if they can install it themselves: You'll need a way to cut through your sink and make an opening for the faucet. Ours was stainless steel and easily done but those with porcelain sinks might want to reconsider.So my husband made the hole in our sink. It's only when some tubes were not fitting properly that he realized collets were missing from the filter head. The plastic adapter was also leaking. I called customer service and GOT THE WORST SERVICE POSSIBLE. The woman was clueless what system I was referring to. I gave her the UPC number which helped but when I explained what the problem was, she didn't seem to understand. I made it simple, I asked for us to be sent a new filter heads and plastic adapter. These are small items, plastic, so I didn't think it would be a big issue. She refused. She said they would send me a mailing label. The mailing label will take 7-10 business days to get to me. Once I send the entire thing back to them, they will analyze it to see what is wrong and potentially fix it or send a new one. I asked how long this all would take since I had a hole in my sink and a whole slew of guests coming in four weeks for Thanksgiving. She said she didn't know. She really didn't seem to care how much trouble this was causing me. I counted to ten and said "Okay."Well, a week and a half later, I get an envelope from 3M Filtrete. It thanks me for buying an AIR FILTER and apologized it didn't work up to my expectations. It also included a mailing label for an AIR FILTER. My husband and I were so exasperated with the whole thing. Fed up, my husband made a trip to the hardware store and fixed it up HIS way. Now it works fine but that's because my husband made modifications.Now granted if you purchase a unit from Amazon or anywhere else and your item is defective, you could exchange it and avoid the hassle my husband and I had to endure but keep this in mind: When the thing breaks 4-6 months down the line and you no longer have the option of returning it to the store, you will have to deal with customer service and you will have my deepest sympathies.EDIT: A customer service representative called me and apologized for the horrible service I received. For my troubles, she said she would send out a free filter. This was almost a month ago; I've never received the filter. Shows you how HORRIBLE their customer service is.
I thought this was a beautiful pepper mill. It is advertised as also being a salt mill. It broke the first day.
It's a vaporizer, but it is kind of loud and you need to add salt to make it work. I also find it hard to clean the dirty water the morning after. Our sink was too small for its opening so we had to use our bathtub to fill the water. I would have to hold it for the water to go in. It was awkward and difficult to use. We all have a lot of house chores to do so I would rather have something that is easy and simple and doesn't require a lot of my time to work it. This machine is not for us. We had to get a different one for our bedroom. We ended up buying a Crane Drop Shape Cool Mist Humidifier to replace this one. My sister bought it and recommended to us. It's easier to fill the water at night and doesn't require salt or much cleaning.Not for us. : (
This is as basic a vaporizer as one can get.  It is also one of the most confusing ones I have ever owned.  I have had Vicks brand vaporizers in the past and after my experience with this Crane brand one I say go for the Vicks!First of all I want to state that the Quick Start Guide and the more extensive manual are conflicting.  The Quick Start documentation states "Use fresh water and medication.  Always use fresh water and medication with each use of the vaporizer.  Add medication directly into the WATER TANK".  The extensive manual states in the Important Safety Instructions section "Do NOT add medication of any type into the Water Basin or Water Tank.  But then on Page 6 of the usage manual it states "Add medication directly into the water tank".  Ok...now I am thinking WTF???So, I filled the steam unit bowl to about a half inch from the "fill to" level line.  I didn't fill it all the way to the top of the fill line because I was only going to be sleeping 6 hours so I wanted to see how long the water and steam lasted in a six hour period.  In regard to the fill line, it would be helpful if this fill line was a different color than the color of the basin.  It would also be EXTREMELY helpful if the arrows that guided the on/off positioning of the Steam Unit Power were a different color than the same yellow as the bowl.  I had a hard time seeing those arrows.I placed the vaporizer on a dresser about 3 feet from my bed.  I plugged the unit in (which is the only way to power this thing on or off).  I added the 1/8th tsp of salt (even though the extensive instructions say to add salt yet the Quick Start Guide states that you "MAY need salt").  I waited for about 3 minutes for the steam to start and then went to bed.  I tried to get to sleep but realized that the noise of this vaporizer was going to be a problem.  It sounded like I was boiling a dozen eggs in a pot at full boil.  I promptly put my Iphone earbuds in and listened to music in order to drown out the noise of the unit.4 hours later, my earbuds had escaped my ears.  I awoke to a strange "hot" smell and a weird droning sound.  I turned on the light and checked the vaporizer.  There was still about an inch of water in the unit base but there was NO steam coming out.  I quickly unplugged it.  I am not sure how long during those four hours it took for the water to steam out but today I plugged it in after filling it FULLY to the fill line.  A half inch of water was turned to steam and gone from the base tank within 30 minutes.  The steam was so hot during this second experiment I couldn't even get close to it.So, here are the Cons and Pros of this vaporizer from my experience:CONS:Steam is excessively hot.  I wouldn't be comfortable leaving in kid's room.Only way to turn on/off is to plug in/out.  Very inconvenient if you plug in behind furniture!Instructions are not consistent.Steam does not last as long as the manufacturer claims.No way to change the direction of the steam vent.Price is too exorbitant for the poor performance.There is no bottom drain plug.  The bottom is designed to look like it is a plug but is NOT.  I had to wad paper towels into the bowl in order to dry it for storage.PROS:It is a nice sunny yellow color.I just really can't for the life of me recommend this vaporizer.  I don't think it is safe or convenient.  I am going to take the base of it and relegate for use in the back yard as a bird water dish.
The vaporizer does what it's supposed to do...it puts vapor in the room.  However, the manufacturer needs to add a HUGE warning label on the front of the vaporizer that should read something like this "WARNING, STEAM WILL BURN FLESH SEVERAL FEET ABOVE THE VAPOR SPOUT".  Both my grown daughter and I have minor blisters on our hands..we held them about 4 feet above the spout and yes, we should have known better.  But little kids and the busy moms and dads of little kids might not and small children's skin is a lot more vulnerable than grown-ups skin is.  Without an adequate warning, I really foresee a massive lawsuit in Crane's future.  We have had several different Crane vaporizer products and never had this problem, not sure if the steam release area has been re-designed or what the problem is but I will make sure the vaporizer doesn't sit anywhere a person (or a pet) can accidentally get scalded!
This is my 4th automatic vacuum cleaner, including two Roombas, one of themiRobot Roomba 650 Vacuum Cleaning Robot for Petsand the other a seond generation Roomba and aNeato XV-11 All Floor Robotic Vacuum System.  I'm going to start with the two advantages thisLG Hom-Bot 1.0 Robotic Vacuum - LrV590because there are only two and they were short-lived:Advantages:I like the two brushes on either side of the front.  Every other vacuum I have had has had one brush - does that mean it has to do everything twice?This is much quieter than any of the other robot vacs I have had, including roombas (2) and a Neato.  It is sooooo quiet, it's hard to imagine that it is doing ANYthing.However, in fact, that may have been the case:  I walked through the living room barefoot after using the LG vac and felt sand and dried mud under my feet, just the fine particles.  Completely unacceptable.Did I already start complaining?  Oops.  My primary problems with the LG are:1. It doesn't clean up sand or dried mud from the floor.2. It's really hard to find it when it stops: only an issue because it does, in fact, stop.3. The bin is tiny!4. If the bin is full, that means it is also filled down through the chute to the bottom - it is completely clogged.5. On the 2nd day, all it does is say it is charging or beginning cleaning.  Then it just does nothing.  I already have one of those, a teenager.Had I purchased this, it would have gone back the second day.In sum, it doesn't actually do anything and if it did, it would cause more work, anyway.  Wow.  That sounds like a teenager too.
People have a tendency to see a 1-star review and automatically mark it "unhelpful." Please actually READ why I gave it one star- yes, I could have given it more, but this is HONESTLY why I feel like it is not worth a high rating. Yes, it is a long review, but I wanted to be thorough in explaining myself. So, here is why I gave it one star.-------------------I wanted to love this coffee maker- I really did. My parents have a K-cup machine, and I was excited to have something that could brew both K-cups and coffee grounds, like a K-cup machine, but at a lower cost and smaller size. Enter the Hamilton Beach Single Serve Coffeemaker.It comes very easy to set up, which is a plus. There are some simple instructions for quick use, along with more detailed instructions to read later on. I ran some water through, nothing else, the first time just to clean it out, and I was immediately surprised by how little water fit in. Yes, I understand it's a single-serve machine, but with my "normal" coffee pot, I fill it in to the 3c line, and that amount fits nicely in a medium-sized cup; I consider that a nice single serving. The amount that fits in the coffee pot is about 12 oz or less. That was the first disappointment.For the place where the cup goes, there are only 2 possible ways to set it up. First, if you have a 12oz mug, you can put the "shelf" with the collection grate at the highest point. The other option is to take the "shelf" out and put in a travel mug. Like I said, I drink a lot of "medium" size amounts of coffee; I was disappointed that my larger (but not huge) cups did not fit. I had to put the "shelf" on the lowest setting, which left a huge gap between the cup and the place where the coffee comes out. This led to a big mess on the counter and the back of the coffeemaker, as the coffee splattered everywhere every single time I tried.I first tried using a K-cup. I put it in (note- everything I did was according to the instructions. It's not like I was doing things my own way). The coffeemaker took a long time to warm up, and when it finally started to brew, a lot of smoke-steam (I think it was more steam then anything) came out. This coffeepot was on the counter under my cabinets, and the smoke-steam rolled along the bottom of the cabinets, which was scary...there was a lot of it. I brushed it off as happening because it was the first time using the coffemaker. When I tried the coffee, it was incredibly strong (because you cannot put a lot of water through), which is fine for a lot of people I'm sure- personal preference. But the biggest problem was that when I took out the K-cup, the plastic was melted funny (perhaps that caused the "smoke?"). That can't be healthy.Again, I brushed it off as just being due to first-time use. I used a new K-cup the next day, and the same thing happened. I wasn't impressed.The third time I used it, I put in coffee grounds. I have to say that something positive is how easy it is to switch between K-cup use and coffee ground use. You just take out the little attachment piece that pierces the K-cups--simple. Coffee grounds do not require an extra filter as there is already a filter built in to the coffeemaker.I put in my little scoop of coffee (it says 2T max, so I only used 1) and put in the measly amount of allowable water. I got the usual splatter because of my medium cup, but in addition, I got lots of grounds falling into my cup. When I got to the bottom of my coffee later on, I got a mouthful of them and it was disgusting. The other thing I was not impressed by was that at the end of the brewing cycle, it brewed a TON of water at one time, spilling EVERYWHERE. I blamed myself for maybe putting in too much water and pledged not to go above the "max" line next time. I drank my coffee (which was created with less smoke this time, thank goodness) and went on with my day.Well, the fourth time I used the machine, I tried loose grounds again instead of a K-cup. I had the same problems as use 3, and this time I absolutely made sure I did not fill above the "max" water line.Overall, I give this a 1 star. I hate giving products such low reviews, but I absolutely despise this coffee maker and have already put my old coffeemaker back in its place. In sum, the Hamilton Beach coffeemaker is slow (it's about as fast as making coffee with my old coffee pot), messy, doesn't hold a lot of water, and just not worth $40 or whatever the current price is. If you want a K-cup machine, my advice is to save some money up and buy the real deal. K-cup machines can brew loose coffee as well as the obvious K-cup without making a mess, without smoking, and in much less time.Sorry Hamilton Beach, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
I was so looking forward to trying this heater but it came broken.  The blade was off and there was a wire hanging inside.It looks very nice.My husband said not to even attempt to try to fix it either since the pin that held the blade in place was also missing.it's a shame.
Yes, comparable quality pillows can be purchased locally for a much lower price. However, Amazon delivered this one to my door on a Sunday (USPS now works with Amazon to fulfill some Amazon Prime orders on Sundays). For the price, and the convenience, the pillow was of an extremely good quality. I will update this review if anything changes in the future.Update: Nope. The pillow has gone flat, and I'm waking up with neck pain. This is a worthless piece of junk that isn't worth spending even $5.00 on.
Cuisinart, I have a number of things in the kitchen that are made by this company. This includes pots, pans, utensils and a great little toaster oven I've now had for 10 years that has convection, smart toast control, and is big enough for baking small batches of muffins, rolls, a 9" pizza etc.  I love my toaster oven!  This thing, not so much.  I looked the competitor, soda stream, around Christmas time this year, they had a lot of TV, and online specials. Mostly reviews had it at a rip-off, mainly because they couldn't justify the five cent per liter they were claiming. Seven ounce C02 bottles that cost 20-30 bucks to replace, that were supposed to do 30 liters, and barely do a good bakers dozen. Add to that even if they did do thirty, the math is really off somewhere, how do I get to 5 cents liters!  Now soda stream has an un-sanctioned online kit sold in the aftermarket, that allows you to buy a large CO2 tank, and includes a special valve allowing you to refill the soda stream bottles.  Plus, for nearly the same price, soda stream has a bundle, that include 4 plastic bottles with caps, three glass bottles, a large sampler set of flavorings, some larger flavoring samples, the machine, and a CO2 canister, although it's a small one like this, so they know where they make their money!Cuisinart has their own "bundle", but it strangely comes with baking molds, and coffee mugs, which are unrelated to the soda maker!  I don't get it! At the very least they should have matched up with the same type of cartridge that soda stream uses, so that you have more choices.  These cartridges, are hard to find in stores, and even online, and at 20 dollars for a 3 ounce charger, you can buy, on-sale 8-12 packs of pepsi or coke products, which is 96-12 ounce cans or roughly 30 liters of packaged soda.  Here, you only get the C02 to make about 10 liters for that price, and while paying for convenience is fine, throwing away money like this is not.  I judged the soda stream unit to be non-economic despite all the deals, and I judge this one to be twice as bad.  They need to remake the unit with a huge tank standard, and 10 dollar refills, plus some accessories in the bundle.  If they can't make the tanks compatible with soda stream, then include a fill valve, and sell a large tank refill kit. I think Cuisinart should stick to toaster ovens and food processors, this unit is not going to sell well, unless it has major support.  Not recommended.
As my title states, this is not the item you want. .  .and I'm going to not only tell you why. . . but I'm going to tell you which item you DO want. . .  which is SodaStream.SodaStream is exactly the same thing as this item. . . but. . . the difference is the CO2.  Cuisinart comes with one very small (expensive to replace) CO2 cartridge, which it says is supposed to carbonate up to 16 bottles.  The key here is "up to" because it all depends upon how carbonated you like your water.  Certainly to get 16 bottles out of it, you're going to use the least amount of carbonation possible.  The beauty of this item, as well as SodaStream, is the ability to carbonate the water as much. .  or as little as you like.  Though the Cuisinart cartridges are "recyclable". . . they are not "refillable".  With SodaStream, they have two sizes of cartridges.. .  a 60-litre and a 130-litre.  Both are WELL above the small 16-litre that Cuisinart.  On top of this, you can exchange the SodaStream cartridges at many local locations, at least in larger metropolitan cities.  FYI, you used to be able to exchange them online and they would send you a return UPS label. .  but that's no longer possible, due to shipping regulations, so you must now exchange them locally.  The SodaStream cartridges are MUCH less expensive than Cuisinart, when you compare how many bottles you get out of them.  Cuisinart shows that they are supposed to have different sizes. . . but I have found only the 16-litre size and one other. . and the other one doesn't show how many bottles it will carbonate. . . but nonetheless, you can't refill it, so it's certainly not what you want.  If Cuisinart ever decides to make larger cartridges which you can refill. . . then you might consider this. . . but why wait. . .  go ahead and get SodaStream now.By the way, this Cuisinart model comes with only one water bottle.  You're going to need a LOT more of them.  I have six, and I live alone.  Unless you have a refrigerator that dispenses ice-cold water, you must fill the bottles and then put them into your refrigerator for the water to chill before you carbonate.  Otherwise, if you use room-temperature water, you're going to have a mess when you carbonate, as water is going to go everywhere.FYI, SodaStream makes a LOT of different flavors to add to the carbonated water, if you like.  Cuisinart doesn't make any. . . but they do have some recipes in the book that comes with the machine (which I plan to try).  But you don't have to buy or make flavors. . . You can certainly just drink the water as-is (think seltzer / club soda).  I usually add a packet or TrueLemon or TrueLime.  If you're not familiar with these, you should check them out.  They are GREAT.  You can also use Mio, Disani Drops or Crystal Light Liquid.  You can't use powder mixes.  Some of the SodaStream flavors are good. .  some are not.  I recommend you try a "sample pack" to see which ones you like best.Things to know about SodaStream before you buy. . .  . . .* Before you purchase, you want to make sure that you can exchange the CO2 cylinders in your area.  You can go to the SodaStream website to find locations in your area.  If you can't exchange the cylinders, then it's useless to have the machine.* SodaStream makes several different "carbonators" (the unit which you put the bottle in to carbonate the water).  You want one which will hold both the small 60-litre cylinders as well as the large 130-litre cylinders.  I much prefer the large ones, but you can't find them everywhere.* As I stated previously, you're going to want several extra water bottles.  You can always purchase more, but I highly recommend getting at least 4, and probably more if you have a larger family.* You'll want to have at least two CO2 cylinders.  One to be in the machine, and a "spare" for when the one in the machine is empty.  I actually have several of them in both sizes so I don't run out very often, and only have to make an "exchange run" about twice-per-year.  The cylinders are not cheap though, when you first purchase them. . but. . the exchanges are less.I've been using SodaStream for years. . . actually I started using it when it was called "SodaClub", before the name change.  So, as you can tell, I really like it.
The description really sounded great, so I grabbed this quickly as one of my Vine selections.  I should've picked the DVD offered in the same newsletter instead!  Considering the cost of the CO2 cartridges and the just plain work required in making my own soda, it just isn't worth it.  I'm much better off just buyint my favorite, Mountain Dew, everytime it's on sale.The machine does look great and its impractibility for me is one big disappointment.
Other people have described the problems with the C02 canister, and I agree with them, so I will talk about something else that is a hassle with this product. It is not ready to use right out of the box. It takes advance planning to make a soda drink. I was hoping I could just pour in a mixture, but there are no sample mixtures in the box. There is a recipe book. I wanted to try one of the recipes, but every one of them requires you use "simple syrup". Simple syrup is just sugar and water. But you have to measure it and heat it up on the stove, and then wait for it to cool. Then you make the soda, then add the sugar mixture and some flavors, then put the whole concoction in the fridge and wait for it to cool again. That's kind of a lot of effort when all you want is to sit down and drink some pop.I live in an urban area. Soda pop is not a rare commodity around here. I can grab one from the fast food restaurant, or the convenience store, or the soda machine at work. There is really no problem getting a soft drink. If I want one, I can have one.If drinking a soda requires advance planning and effort, then I am not going to drink a soda. I am going to have a glass of milk, or some tea or something. Because soda pop and effort do not go together.Sorry, Cuisinart, I wish I could give you a better review, but I do not like this machine at all.
I hate to rag on ANY product I get to try for free. But I am now 64 years old, buy as well as try (for free), MANY Amazon Vine products. I saw the following and read the part about "The Diamond TAB360 Bluetooth version is incorporated with Bluetooth speakers. With the Bluetooth speakers, consumers are able to connect the TAB360 to the device wirelessly. Consumers are able to connect their device via Bluetooth and turn the base to an amplifier."OK, maybe I was so excited about my new iPad 4 I just got for Christmas it was ME who misunderstood the copy in this description? I don't think so however and really feel Amazon needs to clarify this point. This item does NOT have any Bluetooth, speakers or anything on this Earth that I find useful in ANY way. I am actually so disgusted by this piece of junk I wish I could break it into little bitty pieces & toss it into a trash can. Maybe even burn it first too? Sadly, Amazon requires I keep this for 6 months before I am allowed to destroy it.....So why such strong feelings?? Other than the above portion of actually not having Bluetooth OR speakers? Well it is really simple actually. As a stand, it is a complete waste of space. I simply use a far more and versatile stand, the Snugg iPad 4 case. It is by comparison, functional, takes up NO space, protects my iPad and here is the most important part, lets me USE my iPad to game! With it installed into this ridiculous "thing"....well, you can't reach the screen to easily game on any of the many games, I play on a daily basis. I am new to iPad's but since I retired, I play daily on either my gaming laptop, gaming desktop, PS3 or XBOX. I game a lot, but with this? Only game I can think of that would be enjoyable OR productive is hooking this thing to the back of my Fiat & dragging it behind me till it self destructs.Ok, OK, by now you are probably asking me how I REALLY feel right? Sorry but this product upset me at first sight when I saw the size of it, the way it renders my iPad into a useless brick, and the final blow is what I flat out consider FRAUD in the product description......Can't wait till my 6 months is up so I can "dispose" of this per Amazon Vine rules!  And to try to be clear (and calm...) if this had the Bluetooth as described, it is still 100% USELESS to game with as I am unable to reach any of the screen easily (if at all) to allow me to enjoy myself. It is big, cumbersome, and actually removes the fun factor that gaming without it provides.I have written very few 1 star reviews in my life and I have written a couple hundred just here at Amazon. I am sincerely sorry if I sound offensive but this product should never have been made and serves no purpose I can think of as a gamer or "racer" or anything else?
I don't do this much when reviewing an item, but this vac is so bad, I would give it no stars if that was possible.  Even if I didn't compare it to the Roomba that it's trying to copy, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, for any situation.I'm not even going to go into all the reasons this is junk, because the top three should be sufficient enough to warn anyone that thinks they will be saving money by getting this over a Roomba.  Trust me, you are better off with a broom and dustpan than this.The only positive thing I can say about this is that it's relatively inexpensive and that the idea of the cleaning cloths is great (I wish the Roomba's did this).As a vac though, this &#34;Super Maid&#34; fails on all levels...in most cases creating more mess than was there in the first place due to an incredibly small bin, very little suction, but maybe most important, the fact that ANY little non flat surface completely stumps this unit, and it's not smart enough like Roomba, to know that it's stuck, so will stay there infinitely I guess, until it runs out of batts, just spinning its wheels, and throwing debris everywhere.  Lovely.Also, since there is no way to block off certain areas (like with beacons), it will try to go everywhere, and it's just not made for that.Bottom line is that you will end up having to monitor this constantly while its in use, which really defeats the purpose of these, no?  And not only that, the actual vacuum function is horrible.  Roomba is bad, but this is much worse.  On top of that, it falsely (almost laughable actually) claims to pick up NAILS on the box, and other heavy objects!Just a flat out lie, as it even has trouble with Cheerios in my experience.I could go on, but I won't.  Just trust me - this is a terrible, terrible robotic vac, and I tried to think of even one situation where it might be useful and practical, but no - I got nothing, sorry.One star for the wet mopping idea (which is great in theory IMO), but in actuality, zero stars if I could.
I am a long time owner of robotic vacuums and have owned several different iRobot Roomba models and also a LG Hom-Bot. I like both the Roomba and the Hom-Bot a lot but was happy to take the Techko Maid Super Maid for a test drive. I will try to compare the Super Maid to the Roomba and Hom-Bot so hopefully my experience will help you make an informed decision on which to purchase.Visual AppearanceBoth my Roomba and Hom-Bot look state of the art and they really are a smart little machine. I believe this is the first robotic vacuum that Techko Maid has made and that's exactly what it looks like. It's very simple and plain and looks like what the very first robotic vacuum looked like many years ago.Color ChoiceBoth the Roomba and the Hom-Bot models that I have only come in one color. The Super Maid comes in a variety of colors so you can pick your favorite. You can choose from light blue, orange, silver, red, pink, black and white.General SizeMy Hom-Bot is the largest out of the three followed by my Roomba. The Super Maid is by far the smallest out of the three. Depending on how you look at it smaller may or may not be better. On the good side it will be slightly easier to store since it's smaller. On the bad side it will take longer to clean the same amount of area since it cleans a smaller path.Docking StationBoth by Roomba and Hom-Bot come with a docking station that charges the robot. You can tell them to clean and they will go to work and will automatically find their way back to the docking station to charge when the battery is about dead. I was always surprised at how well they navigate complicated areas and almost always find their way back. Unfortunately the Super Maid doesn't even come with a docking station. It comes with a simple power cord only so you have to plug it in in every time you are finished with it.Remote ControlMy Hom-Bot didn't come with a remote control but my Roomba has a remote control that you can use to manually control it like a remote controlled car. If it were to get stuck and you had the remote by you then you could use it to guide it out of the way. However my Roomba rarely ever gets stuck and I really have no use for a remote control. The Super Maid doesn't come with a remote control but I have no need anyway.Debris CollectionMy Roomba and Hom-Bot have different style debris collection bins but they are very similar in size. Both collect dirt and hair very effectively. The debris collection bin on the Super Maid is much smaller and has to be emptied more frequently. It also leaks dust and dirt out of the edges.Noise LevelMy Hom-Bot is much quieter than my Roomba but the Super Maid is even much louder than my Roomba. It seems like its twice as loud and it sounds like a little tank. You could easily watch TV while running my Hom-Bot and you run the Roomba while watching TV if you turn the volume up. However don't expect to hear anything over the Super Maid because it is extremely loud.FunctionalityMy Roomba works perfect in every way I can think of. I almost feel the same about my Hom-Bot but it will occasionally make a grinding noise with going over the bump from the kitchen floor to the living room floor. Unfortunately I can't say the same about the Super Maid. I have had an enormous amount of problems with it. It will clean carpet ok but it doesn't vacuum any type of hard floors worth a darn. We have two dogs who like to shed and we had a fair amount of dog hair in our downstairs hallway. I let the Super Maid clean the area but noticed that it left a huge amount of stuff behind. So I lined the Super Maid up so it would go directly over the line of hair. It went roaring down the hallway like a tank blowing the hair all up in the air. So I tried it again and also a third time and it seemed impossible to get it to work on hard floors.  It was like taking a leaf blower and blowing the hair up in the air. It is better at cleaning carpet and it does collect debris in the collection bin but I think this Robot misses the point. The whole point of a robotic vacuum is that you can let the robot do the work for you. It defeats the purpose if you have to babysit the robot and get it unstuck or out of a jam. I tried my best for about 45 minutes to get the Super Maid to work correctly but I ended up so frustrated that I could have thrown it out the window. In the amount of time it took to exhaust the battery it must have gotten stuck about 80 times. It was unable to successfully navigate a single rug and both my Roomba and Hom-Bot vacuum them several times a week and hardly ever have a problem. I have about a dozen rugs in my house so this was a big issue for me. Sometimes it would hit something and just stop and turn off. I have no idea why but I would turn it off and back on and then it would start up again. It also had a lot of trouble changing from carpet to flooring or vice-versa. I would get up and help it out and then go sit down only to have it get stuck again. This happened over and over and it seemed as though the only thing it would be good for would be to vacuum a huge room with nothing in it and no bumps or rugs or anything that might confuse it.OverallI think they should have done a lot more research and fine tuning to the Super Maid before starting to sell it. Based on my experience with the Super Maid I wouldn't recommend it. If you are expecting something close to a Roomba or Hom-Bot then you will be disappointed when you try this out. I would encourage them to learn from their mistakes with the Super Maid and design their next model to work much better.
I've had several of these types of robots before, mostly getting them from Amazon Vine. This is the worst of the bunch. It's extremely loud and, worst of all, doesn't pick up much stuff. I charged this up and ran it until it ran out of charge. It probably went for an hour, but it picked up very little from my tile and hardwood floors. Just a bit of dust from under the couches. After it ran down, I started another robot I have, and it managed to pick up stuff that this one left behind. I recommend skipping this little piece of junk and picking up an iRobot or Moneual.
In summary, don&#8217;t get this one.  The Techko Maid RV318 will turn you away from robot vacuums.The Techko Maid RV318 pales in comparison to the Roomba I've had for many years.  Over the years, I've become very familiar with the Roomba and have come to expect a certain ease of use and ease of maintenance.  I'm also impressed with how easy it is to get new parts every few years when something in the Roomba wears out.  Maybe it's the gold standard, I don't know.  What I do know is that I can get a new one for about $300 and the Techko Maid is currently selling for about $220.Regardless, I got the opportunity to test the Techko Maid RV318.  I jumped on the opportunity because I've been thinking about getting a second Roomba anyway.  I have a largish dog and a decent sized house.  The combo makes for a busy robot vacuum.So, what all is wrong&#8230;The biggest problem first.  The Techko Maid RV318 gets stuck easily.  Very easily.  My Roomba simply powers over things that hang up the Techko Maid.  Things like throw rugs and floor mats.  The Techko Maid can navigate some of them if it hits them at the right angle, but eventually gets stuck.  As it is, I ended up following it around and unsticking it.  I got tired of keeping it unstuck so I started writing this review.  Even now, I can hear its little wheels spinning uselessly as it is stuck trying to climb onto a throw rug.  The Roomba cleans that rug every day.The dirt bin is tiny and doesn&#8217;t do a great job of isolating the dirt.  The Techno Maid ran for about 10 minutes before getting stuck.  Opening the dirt bin cover revealed that a decent amount of dirt and dog hair  had somehow migrated up onto the top of the bin.  The migrating dirt isn&#8217;t a huge deal as long as it doesn&#8217;t get into the motors, which I haven&#8217;t checked.  The tiny bin is a big problem.  Maybe the small bin is OK for an apartment dweller with no pets.  It isn&#8217;t OK for me.As for actually picking up dirt and stuff from the carpet and tile, it did OK when it wasn&#8217;t stuck.  Not great.  If it ran daily, the floors would eventually get clean, I guess.  In any case, the Roomba does a far better job of vacuuming stuff into its much larger dirt bin.The Techko Maid does not have a docking station but must be plugged into a charger.  This is a pain.  Robot vacuums really should dock themselves, recharge, and that then automatically perform their chore again the next day.  The Techko Maid can&#8217;t.OK.  Enough.  I don&#8217;t like complaining or writing bad reviews.  By now you know to avoid this device.
I was very excited when I saw this big boss grill. I have both the George Foreman grill and a delonghi panini grill and I loved the idea of the double-sided plates that I could flip. Less appliances to store would make me so happy! Out of the box I was thrilled. I like the construction and the size is perfect. Compact yet has a nice amount of space to grill on. After plugging it in and turning it on, the blue lights blink indefinitely. The unit never even got warm, it was always completely cold to the touch. At this point you think to yourself &#34;hey I'll go look at the manual to see if there's a troubleshooting section&#34; unfortunately there is no manual so I'm left wondering why I have a unit that does not work at all. I am so disappointed as I was excited to have this in my kitchen. Sad to say, you should move on to more reputable brand with better quality.
I like to have a convenient grill to plug in when we want to cook fast, so I ordered this one. I find it to work OK, to have some design problems, but to have unacceptable safety issues.The grill works by turning the left knob to the desired temperature and turning the right knob to either grill (top closes), or griddle (top is laid flat to make a larger surface). Overall, the grill cooks acceptably.Likes:+ The grill looks handsome. I like the compact form.+ Three position top - closed (paninni), half up for loading, and all the way flat for double grilling.+ Reversible non stick grates - one side smooth, one ribbed. I found that they clean up very easily.+ Includes a plastic scraper for cleaning.+ Temperature knob has a blue light that blinks until the temperature has been reached.Dislikes:- MAJOR SAFETY ISSUE: The "Off" switch on the right does not turn the unit off. I will continue to use it, but it must be unplugged. This is pretty much inexcusable at any price point, and I'm deducting two points because of this.- I found that the various parts of the grill did not always line up when switching from flat to grill mode. Maybe this is not a huge problem, since one will probably be using it in one or the other mode, and not transitioning between modes.- Construction is OK, but not great. The ON/ OFF button has some play in it, which resulted in the major safety flaw.- Mine was missing the instruction booklet.- There is not a lot of control over the temperature. There are five markings (Min, 1,2,3, and Max), but there is not a lot of control between them. Even though the markings indicate a range of temperatures, based on the temperature light there are in fact only fixed heating positions. I discovered that the settings result in the following temperatures (when the blue light stops blinking for a given setting). As you can see, there is no real control:- Min: Approximately 300 degrees. (Yup, it went that high on the minimum setting).- 1: Approximately 300 degrees. (No change between Minimum and 1).- 2: Approximately 350 degrees. The increase kicked in just past the "2" marking.- 3: Approximately 350 degrees. (No change between 2 and three).- Max: Approximately 385 degrees.- The grease tray is convenient, but fairly narrow (and may need more frequent emptying). I ran 6 "80/20" hamburger patties and it was 2/3 full.- It is somewhat difficult to get the top to release from the fixed mode to the swinging mode (which allows the top to cook thicker food). When in actual use the top seemed to adjust fine. However, I'm not sure that one would not have to manually release the top to grill a thick sandwich, which would have to be done while the griddle is hot.- At first, I thought it was somewhat difficult to unlock when switching to griddle mode, but I finally figured it out (instructions probably would have helped here).Summary: The real competition is theCuisinart Griddler, which is excellent and well built. That grill is almost exactly the same price as this one. Due to the price and safety, I cannot recommend this grill.
I have to give this grill/griddle a "don't recommend" rating.  Compared to other similar grill/griddles we have owned (Cuisinart, Breville, George Forman), this Big Boss is flimsy and does not perform well.  For one thing, there are NO instructions included.  It is simple to remove the grill plates, but be sure to let them cool sufficiently before handling.  They clean up easily, but getting them back into place is more challenging.  The plates seem thin and too flimsy compared to other brands of grill/griddle.The heating element takes forever to come to temperature and has uneven heating.  The unit gets quite hot on the outside surfaces, so use caution.  I also found the plates did not sit level, so pancakes have a tendency to "run".  Not a huge deal, but annoying.  Hamburger patties and chicken breast cooked OK, but not particularly fast.All in all, I'd have to say spend your money on a name-brand grill/griddle and pass on this one.
I can think of only one positive thing about this grill, and that it is nice looking.  But, for functionality, it rates a zero.  It takes forever to heat up.  Although one is supposed to be able to control the temperature  with fve markings, that really doesn't work, even when the little blue light is flashing.  And, no instruction booklet?  Even when looking on-line (many manuals are only available on-line which is not a problem for me) there was nothing.  I didn't want to spend the money on a Breville grill and thought this might suffice for my minimal grilling experiences, but even at a much, much lower price, this was a waste of money.
Boy was I excited when this arrived!  That didn't last long though.  The first glimpse - well, it LOOKS nice, with its stainless steel finish.  It certainly isn't as big as it looked like it was going to be - about big enough for 2 sourdough sandwiches, if you're making panini.  Second glimpse - where are the waffle plates?  The description plainly shows WAFFLES!!!  Third glimpse - waaaa, no MANUAL?!  C'MON people!  I mean, the controls LOOK simple enough, but no written materials = I am not exactly sure what needs to happen when.  Do I turn it on High to preheat for everything?  Which setting should I use when it's fully open?  For panini?  I've been using kitchen appliances for the bulk of my 59 years and I STILL like some written materials so I know what I'm doing, instead of flailing about trying to figure it out on my own.  At least I felt a LITTLE better when I read other reviews and NO ONE got a manual!So don't believe the written description, you are NOT gonna make waffles with this.  I so wanted to give up my GF grill AND my waffle iron in favor of the Big Boss but the Boss has left me disappointed.Uneven heating, long run-up to ready to cook, not all that hot anyway even when the blinking light DOES finally go out (and I had really given up any hope that it WOULD, nor did I know whether or not to EXPECT it to, without instructions!) - no way I'm giving up my GF and waffle iron for this contraption.Yet another Made in China hunk of junk.
The photos make this look like the ideal portable reversible grill - and that's about the end of the good news. This is a very cheaply made appliance that is nowhere near the quality of other grills at the same price point. Everything about it feels flimsy and plasticky compared with the similar George Foreman and Cuisinart models I've used previously.Many of the problems have been mentioned by other reviewers but are worth repeating since they cripple the operation of this device. It takes forever to heat up and the difference between temperature settings is negligible (it may as well read very hot, very hot and a little hotter). Weirdly, cooking on either the flat or griddle sides is very uneven, as if the temperature of the surface is changing constantly. If you cook two items of food for exactly the same period of time, they will finish with different temperatures.If it were a $20 grill from Target, my rating would be higher but for this price I'd strongly recommend theCuisinart GR-4N 5-in-1 GriddlerorCuisinart GR-35 Griddler Compactinstead.
This grill is a huge disappointment.The Big Boss Grill has one advantage over many others. The grill plates reverse, so it is not necessary to keep one set stored while using the other. There is not a waffle option with this grill, but around this house, that's not a biggie at all.Right out of the box I saw this grill's most glaring inadequacy for our household: the size. At this price point, I didn't expect such a small grill. Why it's called the "Big Boss" is beyond me, but I was fooled.The second thing I noted was that it came without a manual, warranty card, or any written material what-so-ever. Okay, it's doesn't require supreme intelligence to operate a table top grill, but I like manuals. Instructions are my friend!The grill does open flat to double the cooking surface area, but be ready for some major grease clean up if you're cooking anything remotely fatty. One of the main reasons I like these types of grills is specifically because of reduced grease spatter.Given that I don't usually grill more than 2 chicken breasts or burger patties at a time, I could operate the grill in the closed position and get around the size issue, but the Big Boss has another glaring issue: power.Forget the temperature knob. The 5 settings from Min to Max are bogus. The real options are Cold or Hot and even hot isn't as hot as previous grills I've owned.Save yourself some money and walk away from this grill. If you're looking for a grill this size, check out theHamilton Beach 25331 Super Sear 100-Square-Inch Nonstick Indoor Searing Grill. It doesn't have removable grill plates, but it gets much hotter, much faster and is about half the price.
This is one of the most disappointing kitchen appliances I've had the misfortune to review. Cheaply made. Missing the grill scraper that the box says was included. And cooking is slow and uneven, as other reviewers have noted.Even at that it might have earned two stars. But no instruction manual? That's unforgivable for any electric kitchen tool. Even a toaster comes with instructions, and it's about the simplest appliance you can get.
The Big Boss Stainless Steel Reversible Grill does not quite live up to its name, and does not compare in quality to competing grills that I have used in the past.My first complaint is the handle. Only the middle portion of the handle is heat proof, while the rest of the very exposed portion of the handle gets hot with the unit. This resulted in me burning my hand several times. It also made me weary to use the griddle setting of the grill; the hot metal of the handle is exposed to the countertops.As for the grill itself, it takes a long time to heat up and when it is heated, the knob control does very little to help with the actual temperature. I also found that the plates were not evenly heated. I cooked pancakes and found some of them were cooking at a much slower rate than others.The durability of this grill is another concern. After two uses, I already have a scratch on the nonstick surface of one of the plates.This grill did have some features I liked. The reversible plates are a space saver and protect the plates from damage, unlike the hassle of similar units with multiple grill plates.This grill is also incredibly easy to clean. The plates wipe clean with a little soap and water, and without any scrubbing. The drainage system for the grill is also very efficient.Overall, I wasn't very pleased with this grill. I would recommend that someone look elsewhere if they want a durable, reliable, and safe (at least for your hands) appliance. This is not the one you want.
What a disappointment. The Big Boss grill is a good idea that doesn't work. We were excited to get the Big Boss to be able to grill things indoors since it has been way too cold to do it outside. Unfortunately the Big Boss is basically a piece of junk that doesn't grill much of anything. It takes forever to get hot and then it never really gets hot enough. I couldn't believe that after I turned it on, when I checked it almost 10 minutes later it was only warm. I could touch the grilling surface without really feeling "heat." My curling iron gets hotter than this grill. After quite awhile, it did seem hot enough though to try grilling the chicken we were going to have. We ended up ordering pizza though because the chicken never really cooked, the outside looked okay, but the inside was pink and the pieces weren't even that thick. I was worried that it just wasn't hot enough to cook the chicken thoroughly enough even if eventually the inside was no longer pink...of course by that point it would have been inedible anyway. I can't believe the price for this piece of junk. Of course if it doesn't cook anything right any price is too much.
I was interested to try the Big Boss Stainless Steel Reversible Grill.  I own theCuisinart GR-4N 5-in-1 Griddlerand like it very much except the Griddler has a very goofy drip tray system that looks like an afterthought.  The Big Boss has a built-in drip tray that is exactly what the Griddler should have had.  But beyond that, the Big Boss is a cheap rip-off.The Big Boss arrives well-packaged in styrofoam, and mine appeared undamaged and unused.  But the only thing that accompanied it was a plastic scraper to assist with cleaning the ribbed grill plates.  Counter to the product description, there was no included instruction book or recipe booklet. After looking at other reviews it is clear this experience was common to others, too.  Since it functions pretty much like the Cuisinart product, I had no problem figuring out how to use it, but anyone who hasn't had prior experience with this or similar products would have difficulty using it correctly.  The grill/griddle plates are thin and flimsy-feeling compared with the Griddler.  They seem to fit securely, though, and are easy to remove and replace.  They have a non-stick coating on them, although I am always skeptical of such coatings, and it remains to be seen how long the coating will hold up.  I would hand wash only.  The plates can be reversed to use the product as a grill or griddle.  There are two knobs on the front:  one to select between "off", "grill", or "griddle."  The other knob is a temperature knob but has no markings other than "1", "2", or "3" to indicate the unit temperature.  That is a major difference between the Big Boss and Cuisinart Griddler as the Griddler has temperature markings and also a light to tell you when the unit has reached the selected temperature.Aside from the differences described above, the Big Boss and Cuisinart Griddler operate and perform pretty much the same.  I really like the integrated, central drip tray on the Big Boss, but this is outweighed by the cheaper grill/griddle plates, lack of good temperature control, and absence of any product documentation.  Of note, I tried to find the product web site to download instructions but there was none to be found.  It appears to be manufactured by a company called Emson that obviously makes a lot of cheap, TV-promoted products, but their web site had no information about the Big Boss Stainless Steel Reversible Grill product.  I emailed Emson twice in an effort to get some instructions for the grill and never got a reply.  My product was sent to me for review, but anyone purchasing this product will have zero customer support that I can identify.In summary, I cannot recommend this product for purchase.  If it came with proper documentation, had some semblance of customer service, and had some online product support it might be a kitchen appliance to consider.  But, honestly, I would buy the Griddler instead.4/11/13 Review update:I have spent hours searching online trying to get a manual for this product.  The Big Boss Stainless Steel Reversible Grill has its own web site for ordering, but if you try to get to customer support it only gives an email address for Antoinette.ramos@emsonusa.com.  I emailed her for a product manual and what she emailed me was a warranty document (3 years) and the recipe booklet.  I emailed her a second time asking for the product manual, but what she sent was the product manual for a different Big Boss Grill product that does not look or work the same as this one.  I emailed her a third time and got no reply.  Her email response gave a phone number for Emson to call.  I called the number and, after going through various menus and waiting several minutes, I spoke with a customer service representative.  She seemed to have difficulty understanding what I was requesting but promised to mail me a product manual.  She said she had no way to email one to me.  Then I get an email confirming a manual for a Sharper Image grill will be sent to me.  It is not even close to the same grill I need a manual for.  These people are clueless about what they sell.  Based on the poor customer service for the Big Boss Stainless Steel Reversible Grill I would recommend you think twice about ordering this product.  If you do so and have problems with it, I think you will be sorry.
ETA:  Okay a couple of months down the line and maybe 20 uses in, the Big Boss  turned into the Big Bust.  I switched it on to toast a sandwich -- something it's been darn good at since I got it -- and it began to make a strange clicking noise.  The lights on the dials flickered for a while, but then everything settled down to the way it should have been.  I thought.  Put the sandwich in and waited.  And waited. And waited.  The plates, even turned up to high, never got even hot enough to melt butter only to soften it pretty well.  It was very warm to the touch, but that's not particularly useful for cooking.  I shouldn't have been able to touch it at all.  So yeah, this POS is going in the garbage.  Save your money for something better, seriously.No, it's not a Cuisinart, and yes it's more expensive than it ought to be for what you get, but it's reasonably good for sandwiches and panini.  In spite of the complete lack of instructions in the box, it's fairly easy to set up and use.  The plates, as noted, are rather flimsy, and there are no waffle plates.  Yes, I know they say you can make waffles with the Big Boss.  How? Good question.  I suggest you direct it to the company.  For my part I'd say it's fairly indicative of the sloppiness of the way this product is presented.Thick items are a bit tricky, too.  Yes, the hinges allow the grill to accommodate thicker things, but it's hard to get the top up properly without pushing the food forward.  I generally lower the top plate with one hand while using a long-handled utensil to push the food back.  Once the lid is down it's down properly.As other reviewers have pointed out, it's a smallish grill, but to be honest, I think it would comfortably cook breakfast for two if you're talking eggs and bacon.  Pancakes, no.  You're going to eat in shifts if you want to cook pancakes on it.The temperature control seems to cook a bit lower than I'd like.  I generally put it up to high automatically.  Haven't had a disaster yet.  And the grill/griddle control is a bit confusing.  I think it might more properly have been labeled  "closed" and "open" respectively.To be honest this is more of a 2.5 star review, but failing that, I'm being generous with the extra half star.  This grill would be fine at about half the price, but at $80 I don't think it's worth it.  And the recommended price of $149?  No.  Just no.
I've been running the Moneual for a few months now, and I've definitely concluded that it is way inferior to my latest-generation Roomba.  In fact, it drives me nuts and sometimes barely works.  It is constantly (constantly!) getting stuck on everything from heating vents in the floor to literally the wall itself--it starts climbing the molding and gets stuck half on the wall.  It is also constantly getting clogged on the input slot.  The pet hair/dirt/whatever gets in the slot but not all the way into the dust trap, so it clogs and either gives an error message or keeps going without picking much more up.  I have to use a hand vacuum to clear the input slot at least twice on an average run.Over and over, the Roomba makes me happy and this Moneual irritates me.  If you are going to buy a robotic floor vacuum, I urge you not to spend your money on this vacuum but choose a Roomba instead.Other thoughts:In one test I did, I ran each robot on different floors of my house, and observed how well they each worked.  The floors were approximately in the same condition as far as clutter and needing vacuuming.  In the time period of the test, the Moneual got stuck and needed rescuing twice; the Roomba did not get stuck.  The Roomba battery lasted about 15 minutes longer.  When I emptied the dust bins, I measured the dust:  the Moneual picked up .3 oz o (approx 1/3 cup) of dust and animal hair; the Roomba picked up 1.5 oz (approx 1 1/4 cups).  The difference is really striking.  The Roomba got about 4-5 times as much yuck.You might think the Moneual would be superior because of the double brushes instead of the single brush of the Roomba, but I think it makes very little difference.  Also, just watching them go, the Roomba goes much faster than the Moneual. The Moneual seems very slow compared to the Roomba.  Some people say that's good because the Roomba might bonk into something, but I have to tell you, I've owned Roombas for years and this has never been a problem.There are some neat features of the Moneual, like the automatic remote control and shadow clean.  However, shadow clean has limited usefulness, because I realized after doing it that there's no "daylight clean," so if I've already cleaned under the bed but want to just focus on the rest of the room, I can't do that; any general cleaning is going to get under the bed, too--so what's the point of doing it separately?  I was glad to have the remote control to get the Moneual out when it got stuck under the bed, but then, Roomba's never gotten stuck, so it felt something like a mixed blessing.  Not having rolling brushes to clean seemed like a feature when I first examined the Moneual, but now that I see how less effective it is, I am rather glad the Roomba has the under-unit brushes to help pick up all the dust and pet hair.I have an old iRobot Dirt Dog on its last legs--missing the side brush and one of the main brushes, and it will still pick up a room faster and with less hassle (i.e. without needing me to intervene to rescue it) than the Moneual.The moral?  Don't buy this product!
I've had this for a few months, and I don't like it. The advantages would include being flexible, cute, nonstick, and adaptable to various pots.The disadvantages are that it's flimsy, requires a pretty big pot, hard to get out of a pot (since it's flimsy you can't use tongs, and since the pot is filled with hot stream, you can't use your hands, though the silicone itself doesn't feel hot), and has to go into a cold pot so you don't scald your hands.A cheap metal steamer is my preference.
It grieves me to have to write this review, but I tried everything I could think of, including contacting Oreck.  This is my second Oreck.  My first one is 12 years old and still works well.  I has high hopes for this one; it had great reviews, but alas.The Magnesium Vacuum was very, very easy and intuitive to put together.  It took longer to read the instructions than to follow them.  Snap, snap, and it's good to go.  The cord is nice and long, and there's a nice extra clip to prevent run overs during operation.So, I put the sweeper together and plugged it in.  Great.  I depressed the on button.Nothing.I consulted the manual.  Apparently the electronics need to communicate with each other for the wireless switch to work and keeping the on button depressed for 15 seconds will enable that. OK.  I depressed the button for 15 seconds.  One Mississippi, two Mississippi, etc.  I let it go, held my breath and...turned it on.Nothing.I struggled with it off and on--mostly off--for several hours, pressing the on button for 15 seconds, 30, 45, 60 seconds, and never got the Magnesium to so much as gasp for air. Unlike me.But wait, there's more.  After all, this is a pricey appliance.  Reviews thus far have been stellar.  My other Oreck is fine.  Surely they wouldn't send out a lemon.  Would they?Perhaps, I went on to reason, the battery in the handle is defective. Aha! I consulted the manual, purchased the correct replacement battery, stuck a quarter in the battery cover, and attempted to turn.  The manual said to turn the slot 90 degrees.  The slot on my vacuum would only turn about 45 degrees, and required a screwdriver to release.  The release happened very suddenly, and the battery cover sprang off the handle, shot across the floor and bounced under the clothes dryer.  I retrieved it with a coat hanger.  The battery is held in with a tiny spring that required the screwdriver to release.  This time, I was smart enough to place an open Baggie over the battery compartment so when the battery flew out it wouldn't wind up under the dryer. Like the battery cover.So far, so good.I replaced the old battery with the new one.  I couldn't get the spring to engage, but figured the battery cover would depress the battery enough to make sufficient contact.  I replaced the cover, which by now is looking pretty chewed up.  I plugged the vacuum in an outlet I know works, held my breath and depressed the on button.Nothing.I called Oreck, hoping this was a common problem and there was a simple fix to making the vacuum switch on.  I explained to the very nice Customer Service lady that I'd gotten the Magnesium through the Amazon Vine program, and related the steps I'd gone through to make it work.  Which it didn't.  She suggested I contact Amazon for a replacement.  When I explained that Vine doesn't work that way, and the unit I received would be the one I reviewed, she put me on hold for several minutes.  I began to feel optimistic; of course, this is an easily solved problem.  The nice lady will tell me what to do, and I'll be able to vacuum up the awful stuff the coat hanger dragged from under the dryer. When the nice lady finally came back, she very nicely said she had no idea what the problem was.  We thanked each other and hung up.Here's my review:The Oreck Magnesium RS Swivel-Steering Bagged Upright Vacuum, LW1500RS doesn't  work.  At all.
We own an old ware-ever from the 1970 and thought we would update it as it is rated best by Americas Test Kitchen. It is not well made especially in the ratcheting mechanism - which did not engage properly. The mechanism is very light duty - the rest of the product is adequately  made. No adjustment for thickness - just one or a half squeeze.The old one is super well made with a thickness adjustment but the attachment to the tube is just waring with age.
When I opened the product and got it out of its packaging, I noticed it felt a little dusty.I swiped my finger across the top and looked to see how dusty my finger was, and I was shocked to see metal flakes all over.Testing the inside, I got the same result. All over the outside and inside were these specs of metal.Probably leftovers from the manufacturing process which might not be a big deal unless you use this for I don't know...cooking the food you eat!The shavings were like dust specs and blanketed the inner compartment. The specs were also on the top, and if I hadn't cleaned it, swinging the door over and over across the top could move some of that dust down into whatever is being toasted.It wouldn't be a big deal, but this is supposed to handle food and we shouldn't have to put it through the car wash to clean it from metal debris.Sorry, guys, but metal shavings covering the inside and out of a food handling product = 1 star.
Absolutely one of the worst thermometers I have ever used. In boiling water at Sea level this thermometer read at most 206 degrees Fahrenheit meaning it was more than 6 degrees off. It also bounced around and only reached that temp when approx 2&#34; of the probe was in water. Simply getting the smaller beveled &#34;needle&#34; on the last 1&#34; didn't work in getting an accurate read. This would be OK if there was some way to calibrate the instrument, but alas there doesn't seem to be.So your mileage may vary if you get one that is far off.
I'm a big fan of most things Oxo, and have a kitchen full of their tools. They are mostly very well made and thoughtfully designed. This is one of the few exceptions I've come across. The basic idea is sound - a cutting board with a lip, so ingredients don't fly off as you're working, and with a corner that lets you pour the chopped and sliced items right into a pot or pan. The problem is the execution. The material Oxo chose for this cutting board is way too flimsy for sharp knives, and within a few days use, this board was covered in deep gouges that rendered it useless. I do have very sharp knives, but that's what a cutting board is for - if it can't handle sharpness, it's pretty much useless.  If you cut with a butter knife it might last, otherwise, don't bother.
I use this fan in my office, where it gets stuffy in the afternoons (though there is air conditioning).I will say that this fan would NOT be effective in any environment where there is NOT air conditioning, unless it isn't very hot!  There is not much difference between the two speeds.  They're basically low, and a little less low...  ;-)My coworker commented that although this is an awkward design that looks like something you'd purchase from the dollar store, it has one nice feature: it's so loud for something so ineffective that it actually makes for a pretty decent white noise machine!True, it does run on batteries...but you need SEVEN D batteries to get it to work (!!)Move on and find a better fan.  :-)
I needed a dehumidifier for my basement and thought this would be a good option so I ordered it.  Here is what I found:1.  Nice design.2.  Good handles to move it with.3.  Worked for 2 days without issues.Here is what I did not like:1.  After working for two days, the unit started having a puddle of water under it.  Yes, I had drained the holding tank.  Yes, there was some water in it, but most of the water was on the floor.  No matter what I tried, water just collected on the floor.2.  A suggestion on Amazon was made to try only using the drain hose option and not the tank.  Tried that and while water started collecting in the sump, water was also still going onto the floor.3.  Figuring that every product can have an issue, I tried contacting Frigidaire.  No luck!!!  Their website is not much help and the options that I could find was to ship it to one of their service centers at my expense!  So, I wrote them a letter on their &#34;contact us&#34; link and the automated system said they would get back to me in one to two business days.  That did not happen.4.  After 10 days an e-mail arrived from Frigidaire stating that they needed me to state my problem and provide information on the item I was having problems with.  Oh, the e-mail was back dated 3 days from the time stamp on the e-mail!!  Nice that I had given them the model number, serial number, and a description of the problem already.Needless to say, this was not acceptable.  I contacted Amazon and returned the product.  Thank goodness Amazon is a pleasure to work with!!Based upon the lack of support for this product and the issues that it has, I would NOT recommend this to anyone.
I had very high hopes about this product. I wanted to be the kind of person that sets out a delicious bottle of wine that stays cold throughout my romantic dinner with a lovely lady. Well, two problems: 1) It does not keep the wine cool. All I know that I put a chilled bottle of wine into the sleeve, and a half hour later, it was warmer then I prefer. 2) There are no lovely ladies in sight. I blame the OXO Steel Wine Sleeve.
I have used a lot of steam mops and am always looking for one that is lighter, more maneuverable, and that cleans better. This one isn't the answer.Before I finish the review, let it be known that the customer service number on the instruction booklet was called and they were unable to help because "the product is too new and they don't have any information on it."Step one - open box, remove directions, read completely before startingStep two - put together as instructions specifyStep three - fill water containerStep four - plug inStep five -- turn on. The light comes on, but the handle functions - the "command" -- is not working. Not a button responds. No steam.I unplugged it, tried to take the top handle controls off and reattach but now can't find a release button and can't disassemble it to try again. Called the help number. No help. Unable to take it apart and can't figure out why it's not coming on or working. Perhaps a defective model but I sure can't mop my floor with it.This is going back in the box and out to the trash.
UPDATE October 9, 2013To my disappointment, my Hoover WindTunnel has been downgraded to garage status, and I ended up cleaning up my old Dyson and upgrading it back to house vacuum status.  The Hoover recently started mysteriously turning off while I was vacuuming.  I noticed that it was very hot near the bottom of the vacuum near the cord rewind.  After having it turn off several times over the course of the week, I finally got frustrated enough with it and practically tossed it out the door.  The most recent overheating happened after I vacuumed an 8x10 room complete with furniture.  I've tried cleaning out the filter, checking if the brushes were spinning correctly, and basically doing a complete check of every nook and cranny in the vacuum to no avail.  To add insult to injury, I've noticed that the suction when using the wand is no longer effective.  The hose couldn't even suck up a piece of popcorn without completely covering the popcorn piece and holding the hose completely perpendicular to the floor.The Hoover lasted less than 3 months of daily/every other day vacuuming (I received this vacuum around July 12, 2013).  I used the vacuum daily primarily in two rooms (kitchen and family room - highest traffic) with a weekly full house vacuuming.  We do not wear shoes in the house and I'm usually just vacuuming up bird seed, food crumbs, and hair.  This was very disappointing.  I may have just received a bum vacuum, but then that brings up the issue of quality control.  I'm sure plenty of other people had no problems with this vacuum - unfortunately, I was not one of them.  With that in mind, I really wouldn't want to recommend this vacuum to other people.  It worked well when it did, but it's overall durability is simply lacking.  NOT RECOMMENDED._______________________________________________________________The Hoover WindTunnel 2 Vacuum is a solid vacuum that gets the job done.  I would recommend this vacuum to anyone who is trying to spend less than $150 on a vacuum.  If money were no object, I would certainly throw down for a Dyson or a Miele - comparing this vacuum to these high end vacuums is obviously no contest - but for the amount paid for the Hoover, I definitely felt like I got my money's worth and am very happy with the performance of this particular unit.  I will be peppering this review with comparisons to theDyson DC14 Animal Cyclone Upright Vacuum Cleanerand thePanasonic "Jet Force Bagless" Upright Vacuum Cleaner MC-UL427, Vibrant Violet & Black finish, both vacuums I've owned and still use on occasion.1.  Unpackaging and Assembly:  This will take you less than 5 minutes, as long as you have a pair of scissors and Phillips Head screwdriver.  Simply cut open your box, take out the pieces, unscrew one screw, insert handle, screw in that one screw, then snap in your collection canister.  If you're feeling lofty, you can put in all your accessories on the vacuum cleaner too.2.  Weight:  Having owned a much older Dyson and more recently a Panasonic vacuum cleaner, I have to say the Hoover is closer in weight to the Panasonic - which pretty much means that it's not light, but managable.  When pushing this unit around, it's smooth, but has significant heft.  I tend to vacuum a lot, and after a while, the weight does get to me.  I can't imagine carrying this thing upstairs easily.3.  Cleaning:  Honestly, I wouldn't be able to tell if my husband used the Hoover, Panasonic or the Dyson on the carpet from just looking.  Just from what I saw, it does suck up a lot of stuff though.  I did note that the Hoover did suck up a significant amount more dirt AFTER I vacuumed a room using the Panasonic.  The Panasonic did not suck up any more dirt after I used the Hoover though, so I'm guessing the Hoover has more "suck" to it.  I have a dog who sheds so much that I would expect he should be bald and a bird who likes to kick so much seed all over the house that I'm guessing he's a Johnny Appleseed reincarnate.  This vacuum can clean up the mess both of these animals make AND still have power to vacuum up the cereal and sandstorm of two preschoolers.  As long as I don't see or feel grit, I'm already ahead of the game.  Hoover is doing a fine job of keeping me ahead.4.  Hose Attachment:  I have to ding the Hoover greatly in this aspect.  With the Dyson, you pull the wand out and up from the handle, so you can hold the handle to suck things up.  You can also remove the wand from the Dyson entirely.  The Telescope Reach wand on the Dyson rocks.  On the Hoover, you have to push a button to unlock the hose, then you get one extender wand.  This wand is short...seriously short.  Even with the extender wand and the crevice tool wand attached, it doesn't even come close to the length of the Dyson wand.  This would be a serious drawback for people who use the vacuum to clean stairs.  First off, the hose is short.  Secondly, the wands are short.  Add that to the cord length being short, and you've got one big hassle when it comes to cleaning stairs.  I thankfully don't have stairs in my house, but find this short hose to be a pain when trying to vacuum areas that are higher up.5.  Cord length and retraction:  Again, the cord length is not that great.  With my old Dyson, I could plug in the unit in my bathroom and reach every room in the house.  The cord length of this unit is like the Panasonic...short.  I have to go from room to room unplugging and replugging.  On the upside, the retraction works fairly well and I like how I can get the cord put away with a push of the button.  Quick note though - the cord will heat up if you vacuum with it retracted.  When you pull it out, it can get uncomfortably hot to touch.  You've been warned.6.  Ease of emptying the canister:  Hoover is not as good as Dyson, but much better than the Panasonic when it comes to emptying the container.  With the Dyson, you push a button on the top of the canister and don't even come close to touching any of the contents in the container.  I've never gotten my hands sullied by dirt or dust.  With the Panasonic, you need to pull the lid on the bottom of the canister off with your other hand to dump the contents.  This is just asking for a mess.  On the Hoover, there's a button on the side of the canister that allows you to empty the can without getting stuff on your hands.  It's not as convenient as the Dyson, but it gets the job done.7.  Overall Design:  There are a lot of things I like about the Hoover, which best both the Dyson and the Panasonic.  First off, the unit has a low profile which allows it to go a little further under beds, couches, and some furniture.  The brush head is also wide - about 13" - and can be both a strength and drawback, depending the spacing between furniture in your home.  However, there are two things that absolutely gall me about the Hoover design.  First off, the on and off switch is located smack dab in the middle of the back of the vacuum.  It's a little "flip switch" design, which to me, is not only in the wrong area of the vacuum, but totally inconvenient to turn on and off.  On the Panasonic, you use your foot to push a button to power the unit, and on the Dyson, the button on the front near the top of the vacuum...fairly close to my hand.  This power unit is just not intuitive.  The second issue is that the button near my foot is in fact, a lever to put the vacuum in either an upright or at angle position.  Why they didn't just make this the power button is beyond me.  Maybe I've been trained by both the Dyson and Panasonic to just step on the front of the vacuum to bring it up or down, but come on...this is way too many buttons to keep track of.  A button for power, a button to adjust angle, AND a button to release the hose?  I won't lie - I've more than once stomped on the angle adjustment button wondering why my vacuum hasn't turned on.All in all, the Hoover is a solid vacuum unit.  With exception to the button issue and the hose attachment issues, it would be a great unit to have in your home.  I personally wouldn't recommend it to anyone with stairs or areas to vacuum that require the hose attachment, but to anyone else who are looking for a decent vacuum at a good price, this would be fine.  I will be updating my review in about a year to discuss overall durability.  Until then, recommended!
Got this on sale at Target.  I had a great Hoover before lasted for years so when it's time to buy, I got me another Hoover. I even threw away the receipt thinking I wouldn't need it. I couldn't be more wrong.In one week of regular daily use, several parts cracked.The base where the canister rests (gray round plate) secured by several screws already cracked where the screws are due to vibration.  The screws fell off and could not be fastened any more.The second vulnerable part is at the bottom of the canister bottom release. Once you release the bottom to clean out the dust, the cover opens and when the dust wouldn't come out, you need to tap the canister in the trash can.  The two sides of the cover hinge are part of the canister construction and made of cheap acrylic plastic (not ABS) made, easily cracks and even break off.  After only a few shakes, my hinges are already cracked and I fear it will not even hold the canister soon.Third problem is there is no Hepa filter but the clothes round pad.As good as it sound that it can be rinsed off, the filter collects too much dust on it it's scary.  I don't know how efficient it is at filtering, but I need to wash it in two weeks because it had a thick layer of dust almost like dried mud.4thly, the drive rubber belt broke in two weekly when I accidentally caught a piece of t-shirt under the vacuum and it snapped.  From that point there was no brushing action and it is weak and not picking up debris. I had to go 3 different stores to buy replacement rubber belt. $5 for a rubber!!!  Went to Hoover.com shows only $1.72 but no stock.  Not much help.5th issue, when you use the wand to clean and the unit is upright position, the brush continues to brush and could scratch you floor or other things.  Also this was how the t-shirt got caught and snapped the drive belt.Also the suction power is not one hundred percent at the wand when upright, so the wand suction power is weak.The overall vacuum power is good and the cord is long. The cord rewind is fast and vacuuming is not extremely loud. The suction was good at first. But if you don't keep the pad clean, it loose the suction power quickly.I love Amazon. But I'd rather buy vacuums at Costco due to the no hassle return policy.If I had bought mine at Costco, I'd have returned it in two weeks due to the crack without headache.But with other retailers, you'd have to go through repair requests and stuff, pain in the &@&@&.I am reducing it to only 1 star because if it won't last, no matter how powerful it is is money wasted.Too many unpleasant user experiences, not recommended.
I got the Savora Ice Cream Scoop and was impressed when I saw the box. This thing looks fancy! Took it out and immediately noticed the plastic (colored part) and the metal was not seamlessly attached at the scoop end. In fact, it leaves a slightly pointed 'lip' that sticks out away from the metal. I can push the plastic in where it should be attached, so there is a gap. I'm certain the gap between the metal and plastic will soon harbor bacteria from ice cream that can't be washed out from below the surface. The idea of a bacteria-laden ice cream scoop to serve ice cream is unacceptable.If you prefer design over manufacturing quality, Savora has you covered.However, if you want a high quality scooper, try the ZerollZeroll 1016 Original Ice Cream Scoop, 2.5 Ounceline of ice cream scoops. For a dollar or two more, you will have a well-made scoop that will last your lifetime. The Zeroll scoops are also has heat conducive liquid in it to make scooping harder ice cream a breeze. Plus, they're made in the USA, unlike Savora.
While I cannot fault the design, Savora's quality control is terrible.There are all kinds of small holes and bumps on my scoop -- it looks like the mettle was molded at too high a temperature. See my photo posted in the product images.
I felt very special when I received the Savora Ice Cream Scoop from Amazon.  It came in a very expensive black box and as I opened it I thought I had found the Maybach of ice cream scoops.Now I will say that the scoop feels wonderful in your hand as long as you aren't using it to scoop ice cream.  It's perfectly balanced.  The scoop is lovely.  The finish and materials are beautiful.The problem is, the handle, which is flat and wide on top, is the wrong shape.And because of the shape, and the angle one needs to take to force downward pressure into the container, it hurts you hand and puts strain on your wrist.Now your classic commercial scoop, the one that has been used for decades has a round handle and a fixed scoop.  This combination, works just fine, because handle fits your hand and the its shape allows you a full range of movement, which the Savora doesn't have because of its flat top.I can't recommend this product.  It's pretty, but that's about all.
I guess I'm in the minority here, but I've had too many problems with this baster and will be looking for something else.  I was optimistic as I removed it from the packaging: it has a very sturdy build that made me think it would work better than my last baster (a now broken Tupperware model).I was quickly disappointed, for many reasons:* It drips.  Despite the claim that it has a "no-drip tip", it does indeed drip.  I can put up with a little dripping from a baster (it's probably unavoidable), but don't brag about a feature unless the product truly has that feature.* It clogs too easily.  After cooking some ground beef, I tried using the baster to collect the juices.  That "no-drip tip" has such a small opening that the slightest bit of food can jam it up.  Then, to top it off, the beef was stuck so tightly that I had to really work hard to unclog it again.  In the end, I simply gave up and drained the juices another way.* Cleanup is a pain.  Yes, it comes with a brush.  But what about cleaning the tip?  I removed the tip to give it a thorough cleaning, but then really struggled to put the tip back in the baster.  Maybe the tip doesn't need to be removed?  I'm not sure, but I worry about food residue collecting around and in it.* It makes a high-pitched SQUEAK.  Has anyone else noticed this?  It's alarming enough that it scared my dog, and my son asked "what is that noise?"  It happens when discharging the collected liquid: squeeze the bulb, and as soon as the last of the liquid is discharged, the air blowing through the tip makes the squeak.My search continues for a decent baster.
I sometimes have dozens of oranges, limes or lemons left over from farmers markets and want to juice them while I still can, so a juicer is a extremely useful.  I've used manual ones and other electrics similar to this one.  The Big Boss does work, but if you imagine something named "Big Boss" is tough and sturdy, think again.  This is made entirely of light plastic, with a little, light-duty motor.  When it works, it reams out that half-orange very well, straining out the pulp which you can easily wash out.  But the reversing feature doesn't consistently work--which is OK, since you don't really need it--and the construction doesn't inspire confidence that it will last very long, unless you only use it to make a glass or orange juice every once in a while.  For that, it's fine.  But if you want something that will make pitchers of lemonade on a regular basis, or like your appliances to last ten or fifteen years, I suggest looking for something made of metal with a heavier-duty motor, or a manual model with a lever that will last forever.UPDATE:After very little use it stopped working--pressing down enough to have any effect on the fruit at all just causes grinding and clicking noises.  Junk.
I'll just say right off the bat that this stickvac is not worth the price.The 2 main complaints are that it loses the charge much too quickly and it doesn't pick up well. Both of these are obviously very important (missing) features. You need the vac to stay charged long enough to use it and you need it to actually pick stuff up.This one seems to be very picky about what it wants to pick up and when. There is no sense of it because one minute it will pick up something a little bigger and won't pick up small stuff and the next time you use it, it will be the opposite.When using it in the kitchen, it didn't want to pick up pieces of grass that had been tracked in by the door. This was not huge clumps of grass, not wet grass, not stuck to the floor grass... just single little pieces of grass scattered on the floor, maybe an inch or two long, at most. It doesn't like to pick up pet hair off of hard floors either. After running the vac, you can still sweep up plenty hair/dust/dirt with the broom.Some cookie crumbs left by the kids were gone over several times and it still didn't want to pick everything up. Cat litter is iffy - sometimes it will pick it up, sometimes not, and regardless it will always spit some back out at you. No matter what you're vacuuming, it always seems to want to spit some back out at your feet.The dust cup is small, so even if it does pick up, it can't pick up much at a time.As a hand vac, it isn't much better at all. The opening at the end is pretty large and circular and it just doesn't do a very good job.On the brightside, it is very easy to put together. You just attach the handle with a screw. I did it with a butter knife in about 15 seconds. It is fairly slim and easy to store. The swivel head is nice to maneuver the vac around. But, all of these good things do not matter at all if the vac simply does not do what it is supposed to.For this price, I really expect something much better. The least it could do is work.I cannot recommend this stickvac. Sad to say, the even more expensive model 240A isn't much better either. I'd scratch both of these off the comparison list and look to other brands.
I have had many different brands of hand held cordless vacuums over the years. The only problem that I have ever experience using one of this devices is back pain because you must bend to get at the crumbs, etc. This Eureka Rapid Clean 2 in 1 unit has eliminated that problem yet still gives me the option to vacuum out my car using only  the handheld device.The unit comes with a compact charging station and charges quickly and easily. It can also be mounted on a wall and the hardware for this type of installation is included in the box. It is, however, not necessary to attach it to a wall and can be place in any small location near an electric outlet. It is also comforting to know that in the event of a power failure, I will still have a device to keep debris off my floors.I have three cats and it does a remarkable job of picking up bits of food strewn by them about their feeding area, crumbs in the kitchen and even has an attachment to use on rugs.It is a bit noisy, but I have yet to find a vacuum of any type that is totally quiet. There are many uses for a cordless vac as most of us already know, but they all require bending. If you like a cordless vac and hate bending because of back issues or vertigo (yes, I have both problems), you will really appreciate this design.The topmost on off switch doesn't work anymore. The unit's suction no longer picks up cat litter on my bare bathroom tile floor. Now that I have used it for awhile, I find it harder and harder to empty the unit. I cannot recommend that anyone buy it.  When I first began using it, I posted a glowing review. I regret that I have to edit and downgrade my opinion of this product and apologize to all who found my original review helpful.
I have a bunch of the big honeywell hepa filters and two other brands Winix and Fellows that I have in various rooms in the house. I have some furry creatures and my house must sit in a pollen farm.This is so small thats its almost useless. On the higher modes it will circulate some air so it does do some work but here is the design problem.1. It could have been half this size. How you say? The hepa filter itself is the size of a large post card. No Im not joking.2. The build quality is well..... very inexpensive. Plastic flexes and filter cover which is almost the entire front keeps popping off hitting the floor.My other honewell units are the larger round ones and they are AWESOME but loud. For twenty bucks less at current pricing you could get a real filter and be happy. Model 50150 or the 50250 for a little more than this one.If you want one for the bedroom and need some quiet any of the Winix are great, but the replacement filters are a cost bite.Pass on this one.Update : 4/4/14 well it started getting more and more noisy until.... Yes it died.
Simply put, I did not find the ZeroWater Travel Bottle to be very good at all. I loved the idea of having a bottle with a built-in filter as it would be useful if I was somewhere where I didn't know the quality of the water. I could also fill it up at a fountain or a public water dispenser and ensure I get all the bad stuff out. I went to college in a town where the water had high levels of arsenic and sulfur, so as you can imagine, I learned to love PuR, Brita and bottled water quickly.The problem is that there is nothing good to say about this bottle. It is strangely shaped so it won't fit in a cupholder. It's awkward to go jogging with due to the design. It filters exceptionally slowly compared to other bottles.  You  can't fill it up completely. You can't drink out of the bottle unless you are holding it right side up. If you tip it back, nothing comes out. How do most people drink from a water bottle? They tip it. To counter this the bottle gives you a multi-part straw. Unfortunately, the straw comes apart extremely easy, meaning you can't drink from the bottle, and even when it does stay together, you have to provide a tremendous amount of suction to get any water out. Finally, there is always a small amount of water left in the bottle because the straw doesn't go down all the way and remember, you can't tip and drink out of this thing at the same time.This bottle is an absolute failure on all levels and the cost of the replacement filters makes purchasing this thing only for the insane or with more money than sense. The idea of the bottle is a great one, but ZeroWater needs to go completely back to the drawing board for this one.
You might think this is an economical way to drink clean water. I like the idea, but there is so much wrong with this product. It sorely needs design refinement!First in the area I live in, with a high level of dissolved solids, the filter only cleans 2 and a half gallons. At the current writing, two filters cost over $16, so this is actually more expensive than buying bottled water. I'm not impressed!Second, while this cup is billed as holding 28 ounces, only the water that is filtered stays in when you close it and perhaps tip it on its side. So it really only holds the 16 ounces that have gone through the filter.Third, in the process of learning to open and close the lid for drinking it and then closing it, I apparently broke off a small piece of plastic. Don't know how I managed it, but it seems like this ought to be a little more user friendly and sturdy.Finally, if this is something you want to travel with, it needs to fit in a cup holder. I'm guessing this won't fit in most cup holders. So I would recommend that you wait for a better designed version of this product. The idea is good, but the product doesn't cut it.
My first impressions: this is a very intuitively-designed vacuum. I didn't need to pull out the instructions to figure out how to use the hose attachment. This isn't a complaint, just an observation: for this price range, a vacuum really shouldn't be made of lightweight plastic, but rather, some kind of metal. The Dyson DC50 feels cheap in my hands, compared to my most beloved Fantom vacuum (Dyson bought the company a few years ago). My Fantom is made primarily of plastic, but it's a far heavier vacuum, and simply feels more substantial with a bit of extra weight added to it. When you spend a lot of money on something like a vacuum, it should feel expensive. You don't want something cheap and light, and despite the fact that it's a good vacuum, this Dyson feels cheap and flimsy.My other complaint is the inadequate size of the dust canister and the fact that you have to reach in and pull out gunk with your fingers. I wouldn't pay this much money for a vacuum that was so messy to use - my beloved Fantom vacuum has an enormous dustbin and when you empty it out, all of the dirt and gunk easily falls into the trash can. I thought there was something wrong with the Dyson until I confirmed with someone else who owns one of these vacuums that this is how this model of Dyson works.Updated review:After a serious workout by a professional housecleaner, who cleaned our house from top to bottom, this vacuum did not hold up under the pressure. The small chamber that holds the dirt filled up way too quickly, and despite the dirt chamber being emptied several times, the vacuum actually started spitting dirt back out at her, and then the filter chamber became so hot to the touch that she finally gave up, unplugged the vacuum, drove home and came back with her own cheapie $80 Hoover to finish vacuuming my house. The Dyson failed in the hands of a professional user who cleans houses and mansions for a living. If this vacuum doesn't work right after I put the washed and dried filter back into it (you have to wait at least 24 hours for the filter to dry), I will be calling Dyson to ask what my next step should be.Update #2:Dyson customer service is FANTASTIC. Yes, my vacuum is still broken, but after spending over an hour with me on the phone, "troubleshooting" the basics, the rep sent a work order to a certified Dyson vacuum repair shop. I will have to take the vacuum to the shop, and I'll post a follow-up update after it gets repaired and return to me. It was very nice talking to someone from the Midwest - probably Iowa, not a worker in an overseas call center who was reading from a script. So maybe Dyson has the balance figured out - the vacuums are manufactured overseas, where production costs are lower, but at least for now, their call center is based in the United States. Also, I was on hold for a while with Dyson phone support, and then given the option of waiting for a call back, which came in about an hour. So I give Dyson five stars for great customer service, and I'll revise my low star rating once I get the vacuum back in working condition.Update #3:This vacuum has turned out to be way too fussy, picky and demanding. Hair, dirt and gunk gets caught up in the mechanisms way too easily and then you have to do a first-aid rescue. Seriously, save your money and buy some other brand of vacuum. I hate it, and it sits alone, unused and unloved, in a dark corner. I've gone back to using my beloved 14+ year-old Fantom, made by a company that Dyson acquired several years ago. My housecleaner also hates the Dyson and brings her Wal-Mart Hoover vacuum, which she said only cost her $60. This woman is particularly handy at fixing just about anything, but she hates both of my Dyson vacuums. So do I.
These ice ball molds from DenadaDenada are made of flexible, food-safe silicone. The two halves simply fit together and then the mold is filled with water from a hole in the top.Unfortunately, both of the molds I received leak water down to the seam and so only will make a hemisphere of ice, no matter how carefully they are handled and placed in the freezer. The puddle of ice was easy to remove from the floor of the freezer but still, I would suggest setting them in a dish or tray to contain any leakage.They would probably work better as ice cream molds but I usually just scoop it into a bowl. They might also work well for candlemaking. The bottom halves can also be used to hold sauces or for mis en place.A sample was provided for testing and unbiased review.
I was initially so excited to get an iced coffee maker, thinking wow, how innovative.  I was sorely disappointed as this is a normal coffee maker, that makes hot coffee into a plastic jug and you need to add the ice.Furthermore the instructions tell you to remove the ice if you are going to store your ice coffee in the refrigerator, so why bother buying this if you already have a coffee maker, an ice maker, a refrigerator and an extra jug?It is just clutter.  Also, who wants to drink coffee that has been exposed to hot plastic!
Unfortunately I have to give this wine rack a poor review. It looks like it's a nice wine rack, made of solid wood with beautiful finish.However, in the box was the wrong number of parts. I got one too many 2-dowel arms and one too few 1-dowel arms. The result is a wine rack than cannot be assembled.Mistakes do happen. I am trying to contact the manufacturer to see if I can get the right part shipped so I can properly assemble the rack. Assuming I can get the right piece from them, I will rewrite this review, factoring in the customer service experience as well. So far I am having a very difficult time tracking down contact information for the manufacturer as there is no contact info in the package and I have not had success finding company information online.Until I can reach the manufacturer and try for resolution, I have a useless box of parts and I cannot give this wine rack a favorable review.
Edit 11/22/2013 - Unit died in just a few weeks of rarely being used.  It just sat on a shelf.  Replaced batteries, nothing.  This really of the absolute lowest quality possible.Original Review:Yes, as mentioned by many, the features on this timer are good.  However, the overall quality is very low end.  For similar money/ quality you can get units that include a digital meat probe:Taylor Precision Products 1470N Oven Thermometer, With Meat Probe & Timer, Digital, Magnetic, 2 "Aaa" Thermometers, MeatPolder Original Cooking All-In-One Timer/ThermometerIf it's going to be El Cheapo, might as well have a thermometer...
My main requirement for a kitchen timer is that it must be usable when I only have one semi-clean finger.  This one fails.This is one of those timers with a clip and a magnet on that clip.  That means it is not very stable if you magnet it to something and then poke the buttons.  Unlike many, this one has a pretty strong magnet so it&#8217;s possible to poke a button without the device flipping upside down or falling to the ground.  It still kind of a pain.  It cannot be programmed at all while sitting up on the counter top.  It's interesting that it is designed to sit up, maybe even nice, At least that's something.As for the programming itself, the button functions are unique and interesting.  That means unlike every other timer I own.  Yuck.Also, it says something about &#8220;BBQ&#8221; timer.  That kinda implies it can be magneted to the grill.  Umm, no.
Been using this for a few weeks and have noticed nothing.  Placed near kitchen where smells are normally eaten up by my Winix plasmawave machine with its carbon filter.  Did this Airocide at least equal it?  Nope.Unit is very, very, loud with a high pitched whine that sounds very similar to a jet engine idling that you hear when you board an aircraft. I have it downstairs so only have to "bear" with it when I'm in that area of the house.  Fortunately, my bedroom is upstairs and removed from the sound. I cannot possibly imagine anyone being able to tolerate the frequency of those sounds if this thing was in the same room as you sleep in.  It's very different from that of a traditional air cleaner where they may get loud, but it's a typical fan air rushing type of sound.Design looks sleek but it has a slanted platform so you can't place this unit on a carpeted floor without it easily toppling over.  It must be placed on a firm table or platform.  Horrible.Smells were not noticeable reduced in any way at all.  Literature mentions it killing bacteria.  Okay, that's great, but I'm not running a surgical center in my home.  I need odor reduction and this doesn't provide it.Speaking of literature, Airocide needs to fire its marketing staff - I was very upset reading the gimmicky user manual on how it may take several weeks before I notice any change - seriously, do you rate my intelligence that low?  And there's also a blurb about how many people enjoy the sound this device makes.  I would send this unit right back just because of these outrageous statements made in the owners manual.One pro was power usage - power meter should just 6 watts on high.  That's pretty impressive and makes me wonder how that awful sound can be generated on such low power.  But then it also makes me wonder how much air this thing can really move in a room.Overall, I am not impressed with this especially with the price.  Just another Bose or Apple product - all flash, no results.  I'll take my Winix plasmawave any day of the year. And for the price, I could buy a bunch of plasmawave's for the same price.
I tried and tried to clean the kitchen floor with this product.  Frustrated  I called the provided 800 Hoover number to find out why it was hardly working at all for me.  The supervisor at the help desk told me the bristles are not supposed to actually touch the floor which is perplexing to me.  Technically I was trying to clean a linoleum floor using the wood floor bristles which were originally installed on the machine at delivery to our house.  The help desk suggested I try the tile and grout bristles which to me looked exactly the same as the wood floor bristles.  These bristles did not clean any better than the ones made for wood.  This machine dispenses very little liquid on to the floor even when I press the booster.  To make matters worst the drying feature was barely able to pick up much of the tiny bit of water that was dispensed.  Changing the bristles is a difficult task that is not described at all in the quick installation manual.  There is a big piece of plastic with small rollers on the bottom of the machine that fell off when I tried to make adjustments in hopes of actually using this to clean the floor.  The dirty water tub did have a tiny bit of dirty water in it so I guess a little bit of cleaning did occur.To make matters even worse, the fill line for the water and cleanser mixture is 42 ounces, so unless you are going to clean an entire basketball floor what do you do with all that cleaner ?Other than that Mrs. Lincoln what did you think of that play you saw at Ford's Theater?
I haven't had a new toaster for 30 years, they sure have changed.....this 4 slice toaster lets you toast 2 different ways at the same time. I put english muffins that were just in the refrigerator in one side just to toast and put a frozen bagel in the other at the same time to defrost and toast lightly. They both turned out perfect and it was so easy to use the settings. I'm glad you don't have to have all 4 going at once, that you can just use one side and do 2 pieces. I didn't know new toasters had those nice little metal arms that just hold the item you're toasting in place so they toast evenly on both sides. My old toaster didn't so of course you put a piece of toast in and it always leaned to one side making it closer to the heat element so it toasted unevenly. Not with this one...Texas Toast fits nicely in too without being smashed against the sides. The little tray that catches the crumbs slides right out to easily clean. This silver color looks nice sitting out, looks like it is stainless steel. all in all a great toaster...UPDATE: I marked it down to 1 star. I've only had this about 4 months and it no longer toasts on both sides of the bread. Only one side of the heating elements come on to toast in both sides of the toaster so you have to take your toast out half way through and turn it around to toast the other side. Only the outside element comes on,in both halves of the toaster no matter what setting you use or how dark you set it to. Pretty crappy for something so new and I only use it once or twice a week...
I was looking forward to this sleek looking new toaster with the retractable cord.  When it arrived and I set it up and it didn't work.  Whatever the mechanism is that holds down the bread so it is in front of the heating elements is defective, the bread will not stay down in front of the elements.  I will be contacting Vine to see if they want this baby back.
How the vaunted Black And Decker name has fallen!  From hand tools to omni presence in every room of the house has taken Black and Decker from the pinnacle of quality to the gutter of imported cheap.  This unit could almost sit on one hand it is so light!  And maybe that's fine for baking but not for rotisserie.  I put a chicken in it and came back fifeenn minutes later to find the unit had scooted forward several inches.  Almost to the edge of the counter.  That was the end of the test.  I took the chicken out and put it in the regular oven.  This I took and put back in the box and in the garage.  I'll have to find a way to dispose of it because I certainly wouldn't inflict it on any ussuspecting neighbor in a garage sale!  It looks good but it feels and performs like exactly what it is - cheaply made.  I also bought a weed eater recently that has their name on it and knock wood so far it's been working like a charm.  Tools they know and still they seem much more cheaply made than before.  I think I would look elsewhere for kitchen appliances.  But that's just my opinion.  You have to be your own judge in these matters.
UPDATE 8/21: After only 2 days of using the Whirlpool, it started to leak badly from under the unit.  I called the manufacturer and was told that there is no warranty since Amazon is not considered to be an "authorized dealer" for this item.  So, the 4-stars have been changed to 1 star. Think twice before purchasing this since it does not appear to be built well enough to run for more than a short while and, when it breaks, there is ZERO warranty protection.Original review:Bottom line: The Frigidaire gets some serious competition from the Whirlpool, but keeps its top spot. The Keystone is a distant third.Full review: If you live in a humid area a dehumidifier is essential unless you want to have to scrub mold off the basement walls. So, I'm always looking for the "best" that is available, and had the opportunity to put models from Frigidaire, Whirlpool and Keystone in a head-to-head test. Highlights are as follows:F = Frigidaire FAD704DWDFrigidaire FAD704DWD Energy Star 70-pint DehumidifierW = Whirlpool AD70GUSB [This listing]K = Keystone KSTAD70BKeystone Energy Star 70 Pt. Dehumidifier, KSTAD70BAll are 70 pint models, have auto RH control, can be used with a built-in bucket or plumbed to a drain, have a built-in washable filter.Build quality: The W and F models are neck and neck on this. Both feel solid and well-made. The K is a bit less robust feeling, but still decent. [SEE UPDATE ABOVE REGARDING BUILD QUALITY, OR LACK THEREOF, OF THE WHIRLPOOL]Water bucket: I find this to be an important feature since I usually run them in bucket mode rather than plumb to a drain. The W and F models have solid-feeling buckets with top plates to help make them more rigid and easier to empty. The F gets to the top spot since I find it a bit easier to remove and reinsert the bucket than on the W. The K is a distant third with a flimsy bucket with a poorly designed carry handle.Controls: Each has some unique features, but all are easy to use. The manuals for each are worth reading, but all can be sussed out by just looking at the panel. All have the usual high/low fan speeds, RH setting, and signal lights for filter checks, full buckets, etc. The W has the edge on this, since it offers some useful features not found on the others, such as an auto fan mode, which varies the fan speed based on the room RH vs the set RH. For example, if the room is at 60% RH and you set the controls to 40% RH, the fan will start off in high mode, then switch to low speed when it gets closer to the target setting. I find that to be a nice feature, and give this one to W.Fan placement: Both the W and K models use a side discharge. The F uses a top discharge. While both are OK, I find the top discharge to be more practical since I can locate the unit pretty much anywhere. Plus, the top discharge circulates the dry air better throughout the room. Advantage F.Accuracy: All seem to have about the same level of RH accuracy, and cycle on/off as needed. The fan on the W seems to run longer than the other units. Tie for all.Sound: The F model is a bit quieter than the W - the compressor on the W makes more of a whine, and also shakes the unit more on start/stops. The K is the loudest by far. Advantage F.Appearance: They are all rectangular white boxes. I think the F looks a little more sleek, and is slightly more compact. Advantage F, but tastes will vary on this.In the end, the F keeps its crown as my top choice for a dehumidifier. The W is also a good choice, but in comparison to the F it's a 4.5 star product due to the louder (albeit slightly) operating sound and the side air discharge. But, you'd certainly would want to cross-shop them both. [UPDATE: YOU MAY WANT TO AVOID THE W DUE TO LACK OF WARRANTY SUPPORT] The K is worth getting only if you plan on plumbing it to a drain to avoid bucket issues, and are not concerned about sound levels.
To be fair, the unit runs very well and pulls a lot of moisture out of the air.  Compared with other models of comparable size made by other manufacturers, this one seems powerful.  However, with the way the manufacturer will not stand behind its product, I cannot recommend this unit (or anything made by this company) at all.It arrived damaged, though it did not appear to be shipping damage, as the packaging was completely intact other than some scratching and slight mars resulting from incidental contact.  However, when removing the copious tape from the various parts to start it running, I noticed a huge, inverted-Y-shaped crack behind the water bucket in the main frame of the dehumidifier, as though it had been dropped from quite a height.  Also, the humidity gauge is wildly inaccurate, reading anywhere from 15 to 35 points too high, as measured by a recently-calibrated hygrometer.Perhaps the humidity gauge damage is a result of the huge crack in the frame, though there's no way to know for sure.  The problem, though, is that there may (or may not) be internal damage, and while the unit runs well now, there's no predicting how long it will continue to do so, and, in any case, it did not arrive intact.  It appears to have been dropped (another piece of plastic fell off of the bottom), though my guess would be that it probably was dropped at the factory before packaging for shipping.  It's possible that the damage occurred in shipping, but since the packing held up but the unit didn't, there's still a problem either way.Particularly since the unit's humidity gauge is so wildly off, I can't even simply set the target humidity at a correspondingly high level, as the inaccuracy is not constant.  In short, I don't trust it to run on its own when I'm not in the house and can't monitor it frequently.Thus, I called their 1-877-465-3566 number included in the paperwork to report the damage and see what their Customer Service's response would be.  I at first thought I'd called the wrong number because this is a Whirlpool, but I'd never heard of the company whose Customer Service phone tree answered -- Hisense, which is a Chinese corporation.  Sure enough, they're the ones on the warranty.I reached one of their customer service reps and explained the problem, and I was told that there was nothing that they could do, since Amazon.com is not an "Authorized Dealer."  When I said it made little sense for "Whirlpool"/Hisense to market a product for review through the Amazon Vine Voices program and then refuse to stand behind their defective (probably packed damaged) product, she said she understood my frustration but there was nothing she could do.I've since looked through their printed warranty, and it "includes In-home service."  Apparently, "Whirlpool" does not feel the need to honor the printed terms of its warranty.  Thus, I cannot AT ALL recommend purchasing this product.
Boy, this was a disappointment. I'd been using a Kenmore that was more than years old and was looking forward to replacing it with something more energy-efficient.The Kenmore used lots of energy (it was expensive to run it), and it also made the room noticeably warmer.Unfortunately, this Whirlpool dehumidifier is a big dud. We turned it on, and it seemed to be running fine. After running it for a few hours, we were puzzled to discover that there was no water in the bucket. We tried again today. This time when we turned it off, we heard a gush of water. The bucket was still dry, but water had drenched the carpet. The unit is now sitting on the back porch, and we've had to turn on the old Kenmore to try to dry out the carpet.Forget it. There's something seriously wrong with these Whirlpool humidifiers.
Never had a worse experience with a dehumidifier and I've owned many. We ran it for about 15 minutes. It's very noisy, by the way. All of the sudden, I notice water steadily dripping out of the bottom of the unit near where the cord plug comes out. The bucket was completely in place and bone dry. There is no explanation for where this was leaking from except it must have a cracked seal somewhere inside. Very dangerous to have water dripping all over the electrical cord and your floor! Fortunately, my unit was on a tile floor and a mop cleaned it all up, but what a disaster. Even if you lucked out with an operable unit, I have to tell you this is the lowest quality dehumidifier that I have ever come in contact with. The bucket is made of such thin plastic and the whole thing just feels cheap with really thin plastic! I was willing to overlook all of that, but instantly flooding my floor is a big no-no! Avoid!
I have several wine aerators and have found most of them really do have a positive effect on the taste of the wines I use them with. Red wine is just a bit smoother with them. When I drink, it is usually red wine, and I gravitate towards Cabernet Sauvignon, Tempranillo, Mourvedre, Sangiovese, Zinfandel (red), Pinot Noir and many other varieties - although I hardly ever choose a Merlot.I've used the OXO SteeL Aerating Wine Pourer with a Parnell Estate Alexander Valley 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon. This wine has an extremely bold taste and I could not discern a difference when I used the OXO aerator with it.To really test the OXO aerating pourer, I tried the same wine with two of my other aerators, theMetrokane Houdini Wine Shower On Glass Red Wine Aeratorand theMetrokane Houdini Aerating Pourer, Black. The same wine definitely had a much smoother flavor when I used it with each of these other aerators.I do like that OXO's aerator inserts into the neck of the wine bottle. I prefer this style of aerator to those that rest in the top of the wine glass. OXO's aerator is easy to insert and remove, and wine pours well through it. Of course, none of that really matters if it doesn't improve the wine at all.I'll try the OXO aerator again the next time I open a bottle of red wine to see if it works better with a different wine. For now, I regret to say that I can't really recommend buying this. I've had such great experiences with most of OXO's products that I had expected this to work much better.
The first two uses seemed fine except the steamer overheats. The directions say when the light comes on to stop using. After about 5 minutes of use the light would come on, I'd stop, then 2-3 second later the light went off, I resumed, 2-3 seconds later the light was on again. Repeat this over and over for the next 10 minutes. I gave up.The third time I used it, oil spewed out and went all over the new $125 shirt! Dark yellow oil has stained the new shirt!I note I was trying to save money buy purchasing a lightweight handheld unit. However it is hard to steam the garment if you do not have a freestanding clothing rack. I am worried about quality of product now and think I'll just bite the bullet and pay about $100 for a floor model with its own rack.I also note that two days after purchasing this the price at a discount, it dropped by another 15% and now 2 weeks later it's down another 20%. I don't know what is going on but I resent paying a price then having the price drop like a stone right afterwards and not get a refund.I am returning the unit today, since it stained and ruined an expensive shirt.
The first thing that popped in my head when I squeezed this pillow was "bean bags". That is what it felt like to me. Sleeping on it was the most unpleasant experience on a pillow I have ever had. First off it has a horrible chemical like odor. It has no support what-so-ever. I attempted to to sleep on it sideways with my arm underneath and I tossed and turned all night long. I finally fell asleep with my head in the middle gap that is intended for your arm. However, the next morning I woke up with the pillow on the floor and my head was laying on my comforter that I had taken and bunched up in the middle of the night.Usually one of my dogs will lay their heads near my pillow while I sleep but none of them wanted anything to do with this pillow either! I found all four of them at my feet!I will stick to my memory foam pillows - thanks but no thanks.
I really wanted to like this pillow. I have spent years, literally years, trying to find a "good" pillow and have yet to find one that fits what I want.This one, looks all fancy and has a high price point, but in the end it's nothing but a glorified dog bed and even they don't much care for it.In my opinion, and my experience, it's uncomfortable and I was never able to find a good sleeping position at night. I loaned it to 3 different people and each one brought it back after one night and said they didn't want it.I simply can't recommend this pillow to anyone at this time.
Even if this were the greatest pillow ever made, I wouldn't be able to use it because it has a terrible chemical/plastic smell. I'm not sure if the smell comes from the spandex or the micro-beads, but whatever it is, I can't bear it. I have an especially sensitive nose, so it may not bother other people. I asked my sister to smell it in several different places, and she couldn't detect the smell I was describing.The micro-beads inside the pillow make a sort of crunchy sound whenever you move, which is another reason I can't use this pillow. The beads do adjust to your contours, but they don't provide much support. Based on the photos, I expected this pillow to be fairly substantial, but it's actually quite small and flat. No way could you share this pillow with another person, as claimed in the product description.
TheKRUPS FBC4 Convection Toaster Ovensets some high expectations especially for the higher price point.  This not a case where the high prices equals quality.I received this toaster oven as a gift over the holidays and it has already become useless after just a couple months.  After getting the toaster out of the box and looking it over, I found that it is incredibly difficult to clean out the crumb tray.  I generally like to keep the bottom of the oven clean for both safety sake and for sanitation purposes, but that was goanna be impossible with this oven.  This unit has a loud alarm and I actually like that for letting me know when to check on my completed meal.After a couple weeks, the oven door hinge broke.  The toaster was still useable, but this was a problem I wasn't expecting.  Later that week the LCD got messed up and no longer displayed all the way.  By this point I contacted KRUPS, and was really disappointed the lady on the phone couldn't help me.  She suggested I unplug the unit and plug it back in.  I was pretty sure this wouldn't fix the broken door, but I did so anyway.  After doing this, the screen was fully blank and would not come back on, even partially.  I asked her what to do next and I think she hung up on me, the call just ended.  I tried to call back and the man I spoke with told me they could not help me if the LCD was blank, and that it would not be covered under the warranty.  I'm afraid to use this oven now, because I can't even see what the settings are.
I found this cup hard and uncomfortable to grasp while drinking hot tea.  The red felt minimized the heat, but my hand, which is of average women's size, extends over the felt and part of it touches the hot cup with the remainder of my bare hand.  No matter how hard I tried, just holding onto the felt alone, made it very very difficult and uncomfortable to drink my tea.  I much prefer to have a cup handle to hold my cup.I tried to figure out how others held the cup without touching the while porcelain????  Since the water is hot, the extra care needed to hold onto it, was not worth the effort.The handles on my cups never get hot, so I have no problem that needed to be solved.It is a nice looking cup, but not practical - at least not for me.
When this was delivered I scanned the box, as usual, to see where it was manufactured. Apparently the vendor is too embarrassed with this product to reveal the manufacturer. When I removed the contents I clearly understood the reason for the embarrassment. This is as chintzy a product as Black and Decker is able to produce. There are 8 tiny plates of which some are covered with a black substance that is of mysterious origin. When this black substance is heated by powering up the appliance it will transmit a stench that will drive you outdoors. After waiting for the stench to abate somewhat and reentering the kitchen a decision was made to grill a hamburger. The oil/grease from the hamburger flowed out onto the counter top. Unlike the far superior Cuisinart which has a grease/oil trap this device has no such capability. There is no manual provided to offer advice on grease control or any other subject. Other tests were performed in an effort to find some redeeming quality but there is none. So, it is back to the Cuisinart  which is like climbing out of a junk yard relic and into a Rolls Royce. This Black and Decker loser fits nicely in my recycle bin.
This is the only time I've thought that I didn't need the 20-word minimum to write a sufficient review. I need four words. And those four words are:IT WENT ON FIRE.First time I turned it on, it started smoking like crazy. I turned it off, let it cool down, took off the plates (I assumed it was dust or something on the plates causing the problem), and then turned it back on without any plates. The heating elements themselves started smoking like crazy, and just as I pulled out the cord, a little flame erupted.Do I recommend this waffle sandwich grill griddle? No, I do not. Unless burning down your kitchen is your idea of a fun Sunday morning.
A few years ago, we had a Holmes Air Purifier.  There were a few things that bugged me about it.1) It was always tricky to open the cover to replace the filters.2) There was no indicator to tell when I needed to replace the filters.3) The handle on the side used to pick it up could have been better.These may sound like minor complaints, but Holmes has really improved this Air Purifier over previous models.  It's the same price as what I paid for our other purifier (which I purchased five or six years ago).  It only uses 2 Hepa filters instead of 3.  This cuts down on replacement costs.  The large filters are supposed to last longer now (which also helps on replacement costs!).  There are two buttons on the side of the door to open the Purifier.  When you shut the door, you will also hear two clicks to know that the door is shut.  A big plus in my book!  There is also now an indicator light on the filter and you can register online at Holmes website for email notification of when the filters should be changed (based on a 12 or 18 month cycle for the larger filters and 2-3 months for the carbon portion).  Lastly, the handle is now much easier to grip and it is easier to move this purifier.Holmes did a great job with this Air Purifier.  I do want to note, though, that it is loud (in my opinion).  We haven't used a purifier in 2 years since our last one died and I was surprised by how loud this machine was when I plugged it in on low.  It's not that loud, but if you're not used to one at all, it will probably strike you as surprisingly loud.Holmes does also make a white version of this "allergen remover", but I'm not sure what the model number is.I've left my original review up above, but am changing my rating to 1 star and here's why.  About a month after we started using it, we noticed a white foamlike substance on the outside cord. I couldn't find any information on the internet about it. It comes off, but it was in two different spots and I'm nervous to use it again.  I've tried to get ahold of Homes--to no avail.  I can't justify spending $100 on a purifier from a company that won't honor its warranties or reply to a customer's queries...
I didn't get the sunbeam iron when I ordered this - only the bonus touch up.  I contacted them and they said it was complete.  I wouldn't waste my money on just the touch up.
July 2014 UPDATE -- After using this vacuum very few times it just does not pick up anything at all -- there is only very minimal suction.  Read the manual for troubleshooting and it just basically says "pick the carpet level that is appropriate" and "make sure the canister is cleaner".  Check and Check!  Would not recommend AT ALL.--------I discovered something last year -- that putting together a vacuum is a lot like putting together a lego kit. I realized this after I poured over the instructions for awhile and wasn't making any headway... my (then) 15-year-old son who had spent years putting together bionicles sat down and "snap snap snap" had it fully assembled in 5 minutes.So I decided to put his Lego skills to use when I got this vacuum. This one was trickier for him to figure out but he got it together.The beauty of Legos is that they go together quickly... However, the problem with Legos is that they fall apart easily too.I'm afraid this vacuum shares the same downfall as Legos... It is extremely light weight which is great if you are working on stairs. It sucks up pet hair (especially the little hand-held brush) like nothing I have had before. But the problem is that the main tube that you use keeps pulling out and there is a "flap" that covers the tube that you have to reach down and hold back the flap with one hand and shove the hose in with the other.I'm really concerned about whether the vacuum will last at all -- the on/off switch and the handle release are all cheap plastic that you push with your foot... I think those will be the first points of failure. I also suspect that if the little plastic flap breaks, while connecting the hose, that will mean that it is done for... put a bullet in it, it will be done.However, it seems to be very effective on pet hair (and I have 2 LONG-hair maine coon cats, and 2 labs with long black hair so I KNOW pet hair!)... as long as it doesn't break.[NCJVR]
Nice looking coffeemaker.  Plug it in and it powers and up looks nice, few enough buttons to make it simple-ish.Trouble is:  It simply didn't work.  It would neither heat water nor pump water, thus making it ineffective at brewing coffee.  Neither side worked.It almost made it up to two stars, but had it worked, the fact that it has a fairly large water reservoir was negated by the fact that you have to pre-measure the amount of water for the size of coffee you want.  You can't, for example, but 24 ounces of water in there and make  a couple cups of coffee in a row.  You'd have to put 10oz first, make a cup, and another 10oz.  Seems ridiculous.  Returned this.
I'm a big fan of Keurig K-cups, but over the last few years the quality of the Keurig machines has dropped significantly. I can't seem to get a keurig machine to last more then 13 months (one month past the warranty). This is my first non-Keurig K-cup machine.It's a nice machine overall... well built and designed. The K-cup part requires a bit more work then the standard Keurig as this doesn't have a water reservoir that you can keep filled and hot. Instead, you fill it as you need it. Pull the K-cup holder out, snap in a K-cup, then replace and press the handle down to lock it in. You then fill your mug with water, pour it into the reservoir, and hit the power button. In my opinion, it brews K-cups just as well as the Keurig machines... it just takes extra steps and a LOT more brewing time... 4 minutes rather then 30-seconds for the Keurig.The K-cup holder can also be replaced with a basket for making single servings of coffee without the K-cups. I've found that I've had to add quite a bit more coffee grinds to the basket in order to make a good cup, but once you have the measurements right, it IS a good cup of coffee...Using the other side and brewing a full carafe works just as well. It's got a separate area for the filter, but uses the same water reservoir. Coffee is excellent, but not quite as good as my Cuisinart (DCC-1200). Of course, the Cuisinart costs twice as much and doesn't offer single-serve options...Clean up is easy, particularly the single serve basket, which is very important to me.One thing I don't like is how the carafe warming plate heats up whenever you're using the single serving side. Heating up a glass pitcher over and over, especially one that's empty, puts significant stress on it. I've owned a LOT of coffee makers and I've never had one die on me... they're always replaced because the carafe breaks. I would imaging this will be no different. I could remove the carafe and place it elsewhere, but that leaves me with two problems: having to find a storage place for the carafe and a fire hazard if anything were to drop on the bare plate. Not to mention that it's also a waste of electricity, since heating elements require a significant amount of energy to work. Seems like this could have been an easy fix.Another problem is how temperamental the water reservoir is... slightest bit too much water and you'll get an error message. It doesn't happen often, but it's not a particularly easy fix, so keep a baster handy.Overall it's a good unit. My Cuisinart brews a better pot of coffee and the dedicated K-cup machines are much faster and more convenient. As a combination of the two, it's great, but for me, it's no permanent replacement.------------------------------------UPDATE: After using this coffeemaker for eight months, it's now in the garbage. For the first month, I dealt with various issues concerning the temperamental water sensor... until J. Buddenborg's post in the comment section showed me how to disable the water sensor. Great idea, no more water level issues.Months 2 through 5 were plagued with random issues where the k-cup was loaded in and the machine was turned on, but it would not do anything. After a few minutes, it would turn itself off and I would have to hit the 'on' button again to brew it. This would happen about 20% of the time someone tried brewing a cup... often enough that my wife finally gave up and stopped using this machine.Months 6 through 7 added a new issue... put in a full cup of water on the k-cup side and every now and then it would only brew 3/4 of the water. Whenever this happened, the very next cup of coffee brewed would over-fill the cup and tasted awful. I resorted to running it once with an old k-cup just to clear the unit out whenever this happened. At this point, my patience had nearly run out.During the eighth month the machine began having trouble punching holes into the top of the k-cups. Trying to brew a cup of coffee would yield nothing, however, when I would go to remove the k-cup tray, hot water would pour out of the machine. When I realized this was because the machine was not punching the holes into the top of the k-cups, I got into the habit of putting the k-cup tray in and press the lever down, then removing the tray and checking to make sure it punched the hole properly. If not, I would try again and again. Finally, even with the hole punched into the top, the machine was not brewing properly. The coffee started tasting very bitter/burnt.It has been a miserable eight months... this machine never worked 100% and at the end, I probably could have had it replaced under warranty, but it had way too many bugs for me to believe a new machine would be any better. I was also looking forward to getting a k-cup machine where I wouldn't have to wonder every morning whether or not I would get a cup of coffee on my first try. The Hamilton Beach 'FlexBrew' was tossed in the garbage, and I bought another machine from Keurig. This was the worst coffeemaker, by far, I've ever owned.
I opened this Made in China junk and tried it on one egg after struggling to put the two pieces together.  It sucked the yolk and some of the white up into the bulb.  I then gradually released it and the egg yolk broke. My kitchen drawers are crammed full of gadgets and my rule is that each one has to work flawlessly each time.  This one did not make it to the drawer, but instead made it to the garbage can.I much prefer this which has been in my drawer the last year and works great:Joie Egg Yolky Egg SeparatorSorry, can't recommend.
UPDATE: I changed my 3 stars to 1. After just 6 weeks of light use this vacuum started to smell and then the motor fried. It was cleaned regularly even the filter. It gradually seemed to stop working, nothing was stuck in it and it wasn't full, then it got louder then it already was and then a strange odor and it just quit!I went back to using my 2 year old Miele Olympus which I love, works great and is so quiet and easy to use!This Hoover is the worst vacuum I have ever owned and the shortest lived. I'm glad it was a trial that I didn't spend money on. I would not recommend this to anyone.This vac has good and bad features so i will list pros and cons:Pros-------. Excellent suction. Cleans HARD floors very easy and very well. Setting controls right on the handle. Lays down nice and flat for going under beds and furniture. No bags and easy to empty. Excellent fast cord retraction with a touch of a toe and on/off switch same deal. Handle telescopes for taller usersCons---------. Very noisy especially when using the beater bar. Extremely difficult to push on rugs, skipped and hopped on my rugs with great effort pushing it. Terrible if you have back and neck problems. This was the case on ALL settings. Hated this!. Cord too short, a foot shorter then my Meile canister. No hose length when head is removed and no extension tube for cleaning anything overhead, hate this.. Canister doesn't swivel and hangs up on corners and furniture, really annoying.. Attachments constantly fall off handle.. Takes up lots of room for storage and the clip that hold the wand to canister is very small, thin and flimsy hard to use.. While the canister is easy to empty and replace the filter cover was very challenging to put back on very difficult toline it up.I would still recommend this unit if you have hard floors, despit the cons it does clean very well. Way to hard to push on my rugs, maybe wall to wall carpet is easier but on area rugs it was nearly impossible to push and I am a female who lifts weights.
On the plus side, this thermos's size is appealing, and its shape and the shiny, brushed, stainless-steel finish are quite attractive. It is also insulated enough to keep food and drink as cold/hot as advertised. But there is a major dealbreaker:It leaks.I tested leakage by filling this thermos with liquid, turning it upside down, and gently sloshing it back and forth to simulate the kind of motion that can routinely happen when a thermos is stored in a backpack, picnic basket, or purse. Furthermore, under this trial, the liquid didn't just dribble out, it shot out in spurts.I think the source of the leakage lies in this thermos's design. The standard screw-top which does not leak has been replaced by a flip-top. In order to open the flip-top, the thermos has a button you push inward to release a catch, which is supposedly held tightly closed by a thin wire in a U-shape. That wire, first of all, is cheaply constructed and is bound to break off in short order, and it is irritating to have to both lift that wire out of the way and then press in on the catch in order to release the lid.In addition, because there is no screw top, there is no way to add a traditional fitted cup on top of this thermos, which is a major oversight. You are forced to drink awkwardly out of the flip-topped thermos itself or cart along a cup.All in all, I simply cannot recommend this product to anyone. Its drawbacks far outstrip any positives.
Courtesy of the Amazon Vine program, I have received this Thermos Food Jar with Microwavable Container for review. My family is of Asian heritage, and throughout my life I have gone through enough Thermos food jars than I can remember (no pun intended, but usually this is due to forgetting the jar somewhere on my way to school or work... bad memory I guess :P).Unfortunately, given my high expectation from the Thermos brand, this particular jar really makes me feel... lukewarm. And that's exactly the most critical problem of this design. You see, the exterior of insulated jars are typically an air-gapped double-wall made of stainless steel. This however makes the jar  incompatible with microwave. The designers of Thermos came up with an idea that may look excellent on paper: put a microwavable hard plastic jar inside the stainless steel jar. There are two issues to that.One, this significantly reduced the capacity of the jar. I estimate that the stainless steel jar itself can contain about 16oz, but due to the space occupied by the plastic jar, now we can only hold 12oz. I know it is a matter of personal preference, but I find this capacity to be too small.Two, the plastic appears to conduct heat too much, which means losing heat. Thermos advertises that this jar can keep hot for 4 hours. Long-time users of Thermos know that the advertised time only happens in the best of conditions. In reality, it's more like 80% of that. Try as I may (such as by immersing the jar in hot water before filling in hot food), there is simply no way for me to have a hot lunch without using the microwave to reheat the food. Yes, I know that's exactly what the inner plastic jar is for; but no, that completely defeats the purpose of using a Thermos to bring hot food to work. For cold food, one may still make the argument of slowing down the growth of germs, but then of course you won't want to microwave it. Worse, Thermos wants us to "Remove Lid Before Microwaving" (engraved at the bottom of the lid). I am not sure whether the lid has any metal parts inside it (it appears to be 100% plastic), but to be safe that means when you microwave your food using the inner jar, you have to find another lid you need one. In short, I just don't know what use case the designers are aiming to serve by combining this low level of insulation with a microwavable inner jar.I honestly would have exchanged it for something else if this were a gift. Sorry for being honest, Thermos.
Been taking this to the gym and back. Bottle worked fine for a few weeks, but took it hiking yesterday and it started leaking from the cap where it is twisted on to the body. At first I thought something was just not locked tight enough, but after checking all the rubber seals and fittings, It all seemed to be attached correctly. Also checked for cracks anywhere in case bottle was dinged, but didn't find anything either. Not really sure what's wrong, but water does seep out of the cap edges when I turn it over a few times. Very disappointed because I really like the design of the spout, flip top cap and hook. Plus, I always thought the Thermos brand meant something.
This bottle leaks terribly. I am so glad I tested it out before actually taking it someplace. I filled it with water and turned it upside down and it leaked a thin steady stream of water from where the lid attaches to the bottle. It will not tighten any further so there is no way for it to not leak. The bottle and look to be in good shape, no cracks or anything.I did read that the lid is made in China so that may explain the problem, the bottle is made in the USA but the problem seems to be the lid so I would not recommend this at all, I can find cheap bottle that leak a lot less than this thing does.
Unfortunately this blender broke in three days. It has a great design, much better than theCuisinartwe were using previously. And I loved how it was so much easier to clean and drink from than the Cuisinart. I realize that these things happen so I will initiate the replacement process and will update when I have a response from the company.
UPDATE:  After just over a month of use, the motor gave out and started spitting grease.  This thing was good at the start, but the poor longevity drops it to a one star rating.My original review is below:I've abused this poor thing.For one recipe, I have to heat carrots, butternut squash, and vegetable stock until the vegetables start to soften, then throw them in the blender until they turn liquid.  I thought the heat might melt this.  I thought such a small blender would struggle with the task.  It just pureed the entire thing in about 90 seconds.  I was even able to store the leftovers right in the tumbler.For another I put broccoli, Brussels sprouts, carrots and chopped up bits of potato into the thing to blend it for a sauce.  It was filled to the top with vegetables, it needed to turn the whole thing into something the consistency of baby food, and it had no trouble.I made mudslides, with a lot of ice.  Here I pre-chopped the ice.  I've never seen a blender handle ice bricks before, and I wasn't about to do the ice shuffle dance with this one either.  Four and a half (maybe closer to five) ounces of ice, four and a half ounces of liquid.  Done in less than two minutes.I wanted this for portable smoothies and such.  It has completely replaced my food processor, because it is so convenient, and is running the risk of becoming my primary blender.  I use it every day.  I love it.
UPDATE on January 29, 2014--After using this since early December, the machine failed. It became near impossible to turn it to get the motor to engage. Then it stopped working at all. I'm going back to my Ninja.I have a Ninja that I like very much, but I was interested in this Bella blender because it is more of a juicer than the Ninja.Overall, I am very impressed with this unit. I've been using it for smoothies, and it gets the job done right and quickly. However, it is very loud, much louder than the Ninja and other blenders I've used.It comes with more accessories than the Ninja, and I found them to be thoughtful, helpful accessories like extra tumblers, tumbler lips, travel lid, a jar with a shaker, etc. However, there is one rubber circular thing that I have no idea what its purpose is because I can't find it in the instruction booklet. I'd really like to know what I'm supposed to do with the darn thing.One thing I really don't like about the Bella is that it has the traditional design where the blender blends are at the bottom of the unit. With the Ninja, the blender blades are placed on top which means there is no leakage into the base and onto the counter surface. The first time I used the Bella, it did leak a bit. I can't stand it when something becomes sticky, and I really wish the Bella was more similar in design with the Ninja.Still, the Bella will crush coffee beans, nuts, etc., and I'm also planning to use it for carrots and other hard vegetables that might test the limitations of the Ninja.
The first two times I used this blender, I was whooping with joy at how powerful and efficient it was. When I went to use it for the third time, it was completely dead. It would not even turn on. I played around with it for a while to see if there was a simple solution, but it's just kaput. Useless. Not recommended.
This product is not worth the money at all and in fact will cost you a small fortune if you plan to use it even a few times a week. I have a SodaStream, which I LOVE by the way, but thought this smaller portable version would be nice to take along to work etc. But, NOPE, this thing is not worth it at all.First of all, you use one cartridge each time you make a drink. That one cartridge does not even give enough carbonation to be able to tell that the drink is even carbonated! So, I tried 2 cartridges and it was a little better, but still nothing compared to the lowest setting on the SodaStream which would be minimum carbonation. Using 2 cartridges with the Fizzini made it ALMOST like a bottle of Coca Cola, but not quite. I had it set to the maximum level of carbonation with the little dial on the back of the device too.I use my SodaStream daily for energy drinks. Kids use it now and then for different sodas. I cannot even imagine trying to use this Hamilton Beach carbonator on a regular basis. I'd go broke buying the little cartridges constantly!For a hand held/portable device, this thing is rather a pain to use as well. You open the little door on the side, put the cartridge in, put the device on he bottle and turn to secure it, then turn the top section to carbonate. Then you press the big button on top to release the pressure and then remove the device. All of those steps to have a barely carbonated drink?! I think not! And then where are you storing all of the unused and used cartridges? Where are you even storing the device itself? Sure you can toss it in a drawer, but beware that even though it is hand held, it is rather large and you have the long tip which inserts into the bottle and my guess is you would want to keep that clean and not have the random debris and crumbs that sometimes get in your kitchen or silverware drawers, get inside that tip. You could put it back in the box every time you use it and put it away in the cabinet, but if you plan to use this thing daily, that can be a pain in the rear.Save the hassle, save the money you would spend on the millions of cartridges you would need to use this thing, and buy a SodaStream. The SodaStream machines do cost more money to startup, but I can assure you that over time it will end up being much more cheaper than using this Hamilton Beach. And although the SodaStream is not portable or handheld, it does not take up much space at all on the kitchen counter and it is always there and ready for you to use, easily and perfectly.Sorry but this Fizzini is just not worth it at all. A hassle to use, a hassle to store, too costly for the cartridges and it has poor results when making a drink. I was really disappointed with this. Thumbs down  :/
Wow. Hamilton Beach needs to take this machine back to the drawing board. I understand what they were trying to do. But in the process of trying to make a product that did 3 different types of brewing, they failed miserably. I already own the single-serve HB pod brewer and I love it, so I thought this would be great. I have a large Keurig brewer for K cups, but found it impractical for brewing coffee just for myself (great for company and guests). So.....I bought this. A HUGE MISTAKE.First, even though I ran clear water through it 3 times before brewing my first cup, my coffee smelled terribly of burning plastic (this is with a K cup). I also noticed a film (oil? plastic?) on the top of my coffee. When I called HB's customer service, they said to run straight vinegar through it, let it brew for a few seconds, then turn the machine off for a half hour to let the vinegar sit in the machine. I did this once. Still smelled and tasted plastic. I did it again, and again (3 times total). While this diminished the plastic taste/smell some, it was still there. So was the oily film on my coffee. Then, I noticed that after brewing, the k cups I used (about 5 different brands), were coming out all warped, as if the plastic had melted on the cups. Well, it turns out they were actually getting way too hot with this slow drip brew method. They were melting. Also, I noticed the burning plastic smell was coming from the insert (where you actually add the pod or filter or k cup), and that portion of the machine would not and could not be improved with all the vinegar baths in the world. So I believe the plastic in that insert portion is also not made to handle the heat of the water that pours through it.Bottom line: This is a poorly designed machine made with cheap plastic products. I can't imagine the amount of harmful BPAs that I drank, even for the short time I used it (It went back to Amazon after 2 weeks of messing with it). (If you aren't aware, plastic, heated to the point of melting--as this machine does with K cups--leaches out toxic and carcinogenic chemical BPAs.)I finally decided to spend the extra money and purchase the Keurig K10 mini brewer, and it has been worth every extra penny I paid. It works like a dream, and has from the first cup. You are welcome to take your chances with this Hamilton Beach coffee maker, but I would definitely wait until HB gets all of the kinks and problems worked out before spending your time and money on it.I suggest:Keurig K10 MINI Plus Brewing System, Purple(it comes in several different colors, including black)
And I do mean A LOT. Not that popcorn is terribly expensive, but I've not seen so many wasted kernels before. I've had a Cuisinart model that I've owned for about three years and while there's always some un-popped kernels and some that go flying, it's very minimal to my experience with the T-fal model.First impressions, easy to get started, but 1) this takes a lot longer to get the corn popping than my Cuisinart. The air that does come out is VERY HOT, and we used a metal bowl the first time and that bowl got VERY HOT. I would not leave this machine alone with young children operating it. 2) back to those un-popped kernels - the newly popped kernels hit the bowl and the un-popped kernels, and some of those get the heat and then pop - sideways and flying everywhere. Expect a mess to clean up.There was the slight possibility that the extreme number of un-popped kernels was due to our using popcorn that had been on the shelf for a couple of years, so I made a point of getting a new jug with a premium name on the label and test it again. Same results. Kernels flew sideways and there's a ton of un-popped kernels at the bottom of the bowl. You have to do two cycles just to get the one big bowlful I get from my Cuisinart.Not the best product on the market, but the popcorn did taste good with butter and salt ('natch).Updated 1/24/13. Downgrading the rating after several more uses, and we tried it with a premium brand fresh off the grocer's shelf. Still the same results, way too many unpopped kernels and more flying out of the bowl. I dragged my older Cuisinart popper out for a comparison and while there were still unpopped kernels (maybe 10 or so) and the occasional flying kernel after it hits the bowl, the comparison to the TFal is very telling. I would not recommend this product.
I was very disappointed in the T-fal Hot Air Popcorn Popper. I thought for sure that those who had written negative reviews might just have been having an off day! Nope! They were right! Seriously, the kernels came shooting out unpopped! I used fresh kernels and popped according to directions. I wasn't concerned about the noise or the &#34;hot to the touch&#34;, but seriously, it should at least pop the popcorn!  I'll keep my 20 year old popper.
Which it does not!  It counts down the time--and does so in the loud ticking sound that most of these cute little timers do.  It does not ding.  Did not ding from the get-go, or ding-du-do-go, or whatever you care to call it!It was also almost impossible to set the timer to one minute--it took me two minutes to set the timer to one minute....Pass this one by.  It is not worth even worth the time it took to write this review....*I received a sample product from HomeFlav.
I got to use this exactly one time before it quit functioning. As of today, no steam comes out, either from the bottom or side (the &#34;rapid clean&#34; function). I consulted the manual and checked the basics (yes, water in the tank, yes, plugged in), but it seems as it the mechanism that pulls the water into the tank may have problems.I checked to see if I had over-filled, but there is no fill-line! They reference it in the manual, but there's no line anywhere on the tank or the unit itself.So, what can I tell you about the steam mop BEFORE it was rendered useless?This is my 3rd steam mop. I had a Shark that clogged often and finally met its maker about two years in (couldn't unclog it). I also have a Black & Decker BDH1760SM SmartSelect Steam Mop that I LOVE.This mop was easy to to put together - just snap the top and bottom together. The water tank isn't that easy to take out and put back in, but it's no biggie. The CORD though, OMG, THE CORD. It's super heavy-duty and almost cumbersome. It's so heavy. But it's long enough to do my whole (tiny) house. So there's that. And the cord holder seems to be substantial (as well it should be).The one time I managed to use it, it did clean the floors OK. This unit, like most, is hard to push.The dial is nice - three different cleaning options - tile, vinyl and hardwood. I appreciated this since I have all three in my house.The burst of steam is a nice option, too, though I'm used to it coming out of the bottom, not the side.I can't say much more about this since I only got one use out of it. Based on that alone, I can't recommend it.
UPDATE 7/12/2014: The blades on the smallest dicing plate have bent. The plastic pusher has been coming off into the food. The long julienne blade has completely give up the ghost. The large die is fine, but since the pusher is breaking off slivers of plastic into my food, the whole thing is an utter waste.Cut the things thin, and then press down. Too thick, and it won't cut.I used this to cut: a potato, a carrot, an onion, some garlic, ginger, thai chiles, daikon radish, and herbs.Carrot: Chop the carrot in half lengthwise. Place it cut side down onto the grid. Press down and cut. Perfect cubes.Potato: Cut the potato in half, lengthwise. Place cut-side down on to the grid, at a diagonal angle. Still perfect cubes.Daikon: Chop the daikon into the lengths of the grid. Cut into thirds, lengthwise. Place each plank onto the grid. Press down, and perfect cubes.Onion: Slice onion into slices of whatever thickness you like. I stuck with about 1/2 inch thick slices. Place on grid, and press. Perfect dice.Garlic: Peel, and place on grid. Done.Chiles: Remove stem. Place on grid. Press. Done. You can cut in half lengthwise if you have bigger chiles. Also, remove seeds if you prefer it milder.Herbs: Stack leaves as high as you can. Place on grid. Press. In fact, DO NOT DO THIS. It is a HUGE pain in the behind to clean.Ginger: Slice into thin slices. Place on grid. Press. Perfect chopped ginger.Essentially, this worked out very well when I was slicing the veggies relatively thin before pressing down. It's quite handy for when you need all your vegetables to be the exact same size, like in a chopped salad, or in a soup where the uniformity is important. I made a vegetable stew with all the veggies I chopped, and it cooked in a fraction of the time it usually takes. Bonus is that each spoonful of soup had a very good mix of vegetables on it. The hugest pain was chopping onions, when I cut them in slices long-wise. Why? Because the rounded part of the onion does NOT like to go through the grid. This is easily solved by just slicing the onions into rings, and pressing through. They go through so fast that it's not any extra trouble to have more thinner slices to send through.All in all a pretty handy little gadget.
This thing is a piece of junk. For years I used the Progressive Chopper and loved it. Well, in our last move I lost the little comb that cleans out the lid. It was still usable, but a huge pain to clean. When I was offered this chopper I jumped at it.This worked great the first few times I used it (for chopping onions and celery). The last time I used it though the bin cracked, and now the inserts won't stay in. It's completely useless and the whole thing got chucked in the garbage. Unfortunately when I received this, I threw out my Progressive Chopper (didn't think I would need it anymore, and I hate clutter in my kitchen). Needless to say a new on has been ordered.The Freshware Chooper is a cheap imitation of a slightly pricier yet much more reliable product. Trust me, pay the extra money and get a chopper that will last.
This product did not work at all.  I was very disappointed.  It did not come with instructions, so I had to go by the illustrations on the box.  The box is big and took up too much counter space, so that was pretty annoying.  I followed the instructions and tried to dice an onion.  I pushed as hard as I could, but it felt like the flimsy thing was going to break before the onion sliced.  It did not do anything at all to the onion.  And yes, I cut up the onion like the instructions said before trying.I then tried it with cheese, which is softer.  It cut through it, but a lot of the cheese stuck on the top, and I had to scrape it out with the little comb with which it comes, so it wasted a good bit of the cheese.  It is big, bulky, and not made well.  I would not recommend.  The company that makes this product obviously cut corners.
I've tried using this machine to clean bathrooms, garages, backyards, the car, and carpeting, but it wasn't really good at anything.  Even tried the &#34;squeegee&#34; function on the mirrors and windows, but only left streaks. There's really not enough power to do anything at all.
Wow!  The video looks GREAT!  Too bad it doesn&#8217;t work like that in real life.  Heavy metal music adds to the effect.  I really don&#8217;t see why anyone would want this item.If you need to clean the tires on your car, a pressure washer would be a LOT better.  Not only will it clean your tires, but it will also clean the rest of your car. . . patio. . . walkway. . . lawnmower. . . and the list goes on and on.If you have &#8220;gunk&#8221; stuck in your microwave, then you&#8217;re MUCH better off placing a cup of water inside. . . Letting it boil. . . Keep the door closed for a bit. . . then clean.If you need to get rid of mildew in your shower. . . .Use Tilex.This &#8220;steamer&#8221; doesn&#8217;t put out enough steam to clean anything!  There is a blast, right at the start, for just a second or two.  .. . then .  .. it&#8217;s next-to-nothing.  After the blast, the light turns red, and you have to wait again for it to heat-up.  Try doing that over. . . and over. . . and over. . . it&#8217;s really pitiful.Yes, there are lots of attachments. . . but what good are attachments, when there is no steam???
The lid for some reason, is hard to screw on and off. It never seems like it's &#34;perfectly&#34; on. The lever on the lid always feels it's going to break. Then when I was reading the directions (thinking maybe I was doing something wrong because the lid always felt awkward) - it said to check for broken glass before using What? I usually don't read reviews prior to my review so as not to sway my initial thoughts, but this time, I did read other reviews and was horrified to learn that glass has shattered for several reviewers already. Would not recommend.
This is a creative concept for a pitcher, especially as the season warms--I can imagine using it outdoors with lemonade. The capacity isn't that high, but it's enough for serving at least a couple of people. The cleaning isn't that easy, though, because the manufacturer says not to place your hand inside, as the interior glass is very breakable, and it's not dishwasher safe. Cleaning is just to be done with water.All of that being said, I've been unable to use the product. The handle came with a lot of rust on it, including severe rust under the silicone sleeve, minor rust on the top exposed metal area, and severe rust on the lower. I tried to clean it up, but I was only able to clean off some of it. The appearance of the handle is ruined by this, and I'm unwilling to handle something covered in rust. I've uploaded a photo of a part of the handle I was able to clean, to show how much was still left after cleaning (the very bottom near the silicone sleeve shows part of the uncleaned area. The photographed area had the least amount of rust). (Edited to add: To view the photo, you have to select the Cherry color option.)Even though I asked them not to and they said they weren't, Amazon sent me another one. It had just the slightest bit of rust starting on the top of the handle.As a Vine reviewer, I have no money invested in the product, but I'm nevertheless very disappointed in the quality and would not recommend the product at all.
This is one of the most shoddily assembled and poorly designed products I have ever received! When it arrived it was wobbling. The only way to fix it was to cut through the center of the foam sheet under the base and use a Phillips head screwdriver to tighten the center post. The only reason this is billed as holding 4-6 mugs is a design flaw. The stem is too short so you can't use the bottom two unless you are hanging demitasse or Turkish coffee cups on it and they would have to have huge handles, which would look pretty silly. When I went to hang my mugs on it, I discovered that the "arms" were not installed right. They stuck out too far on one side. I finally figured out that by pounding it on my marble counter I could eventually even out the arms. Ridiculous. Don't buy this. Find another product or do without!
I had high hopes for this mug tree - inasmuch as it claimed to hold four large mugs (or six small ones), and our large mugs are a pain to store.There's a reason the mugs in the picture are tapered.  If you try to hang large cylindrical mugs, the ends will hit the other mugs hanging on the perpendicular pegs.  So I'm guessing the designer was defining "large" as 12 ounce?  That's about as good as you'll get.To add insult to injury, my tree arrived with the post loose and slightly bent.  Once I peeled the bottom off the base it was easy enough to tighten the screw holding the thing together, but I frankly would have preferred just assembling the tree myself so it could have shipped in a more robust package.I can't recommend this.
I have owned MANY air purifiers. Too many to count. I am extremely sensitive to things that off-gas, particularly plastics and was sad to see this made out of plastic, but the unit itself didn't smell. It was the cord and plug that stunk to high heaven. Doctors say I have multiple chemical sensitivity or environmental allergies. Call it what you will. After two nights in my bedroom, I had to send this to the storage locker because the stinky cord had my eyes watering and I could not get that smell out of my nose. It was the only thing new in my home during those two days. There's no question it was the cord. Within hours of removing it from my bedroom, all of my symptoms improved. There's really no excuse to put such an off-gassing plastic on the cord when this thing is meant to clean the air, not pollute it.I will not be amending my review, but I hope this company will consider using less noxious plastics on their cords since many people who will buy an air purifier unknowingly have the same condition as I do and this could cause them more troubles. I have the nose of a bloodhound and if something is supposed to improve the air quality of my environment, it had better not be a polluter. As for the ability of it to remove gases, well I think I've addressed that. Maybe it could start by removing the gases it is creating.
I absolutely love this Friedrich. To be honest, I had a Fellowes unit in my bedroom that I used to find annoyingly loud at times, but I kept it going just so the air in my room would be clean. When I turned on this Friedrich, I could see the difference between the two units was amazing. First, it is quieter. One must keep in mind, however, that there is always some noise to these units. I actually like the hum of the Friedrich as it blocks out noises and allows me to sleep better (with it's low fan). I love to watch the unit go through it's cleansing cycles. I had fried some foods one night earlier this week and forgot about it until I went into bed. I noticed at that that lights on the Friedrich were now red (indicating 'dirty' air), which must have been caused by the frying on the other side of my house. When I woke up in the morning, all the lights were blue again and I didn't detect any smell of the night before's cooking! I can also feel my allergies (which have been bad in South Florida this winter) are relieved immensely. I love this Friedrich and recommend it to anyone looking to breath better and healthier!Update from June 2014: About two weeks ago I started to hear 5 beeps every 30-60 minutes coming from this purifier. Thinking it might be the filter, I changed out the entire set up (at a cost of $45). Plugged it back in and the beeping started up again and I moved it into my spare bedroom (where I wouldn;t be annoyed). Within a week, the unit shut down and just had the power light flashing and the beeping now is non-stop. I couldn't find the owner's manual, so I searched tirelessly on line to see if Friederich had an online manual. No, they don't (at least not for the AP260). I wrote to Customer Service and I am awaiting a response. I have no idea what is wrong with this unit, used barely 3 months.
You can find and purchase a coffee canister with a stainless steel finish almost everywhere.  But I've rarely seen one quite so flimsy and lightweight as the HomeFlav brand.  It's hard to explain, but it simply feels cheap in your hand!  At best, you could probably find this exact same model at your local dollar store.  So when I look at the pricing scheme from HomeFlav, I'm somewhat dumbfounded.  Although I try not to mention price in reviews as they are always subject to change, I've got to comment that the current non-sale listing is $20.  Are you kidding me?  I can get a inexpensive set for that amount of money or one really exquisite canister!  This doesn't even have retail packaging, it comes in a corrugated brown box!While the canister is equipped to hold the equivalent of one pound of coffee beans, I would heartily suggest that you not punish your java by putting it into this unit.  There is no real seal and I'm stunned that this can actually be advertised as airtight.  The "seal" isn't even built into the canister but is a loose piece of rubber that you just press between the canister lip and the plastic lid and hope for the best.  I've never seen anything quite so shoddy.  When closing the canister, it is visually apparent that you are not getting a proper airtight effect.  Awful.  KGHarris, 6/14.Note: I was offered a sample of this product in which to provide an honest review.
Ok so this works and does hold your coffee airtight.....if you make sure to check the gasket each time when you close her up,It is made out of low cost metal and low cost strapping.  The hinge is better......top is ok.....Frankly it is just NOT worth the price they want.  I can NOT recommend this product at this price point.  If it were around 10 dollars then yes.... I would buy one.  I was sent a free sample.
Sadly, this canister is about as lightweight and flimsy as any flip-top style container I have handled. Too bad because it looks nice in the pictures and even from a few feet away, but once you handle it the challenges are quickly exposed.That said - it is correctly described in the listing as weighing just 9.4 ounces... the paperback book in my hand right now weighs 30% more at 12.2 ounces. Six inches tall, five inches in diameter, a top, gasket and closing mechanism... combining for just 9.4 ounces.Summarizing as briefly as possible: The metal of the canister is very thin; The lid of the canister is made of plastic and the injection molding tabs have not even been polished off (hard and rough little stubs around the edge); The rubber gasket needed for the airtight seal is poorly fitted under the lid and falls out each time the lid is opened; The gasket is next to impossible to get back into the lid's groove so that the closing mechanism has a chance of sealing properly; The closing mechanism does not apply enough pressure to push the plastic lid all the way down over the gasket and create a good seal; The wire ring part of the lid closing mechanism is so flimsy that we have a difficult time lining the lid up with the canister when trying to lock the lid closed. More often than not we give up and just close it off-center (therefore not airtight).I did receive this unit gratis from the manufacturer and we tried to put it through its paces to objectively find out how well it performed. My statements here reflect that testing.Am thinking about taking it into work and just putting it in the break area filled with things that do not need an airtight seal like M&Ms;, gum balls, or jelly beans. Still, at the current price that's not worth a second star.
There is no way this can be an &#34;airtight&#34; canister as I simply can not get the seal to stay in the correct placement in the lid.  After reading other reviews it seems like that the canister I received is not an anomaly  as the improper fitting seal seems to be a common theme.  Its a nice looking canister otherwise but way overpriced at almost $20 since it doesn't even seal properly.  I received a sample of this product from the manufacturer in exchange for a review.
Bad quality control issues. The entire canister seems "out of line" when I try to bring the lid down to latch it. Everything is off center, even the latch. The latch reminds me of the type you'd find on a small toolbox, that's OK--but the latch and hinge have sharp edges and I almost cut my finger opening it the first time. The gasket won't stay inside the lid. The plastic lid was heavily scratched before I ever used it. On top of these problems, it is not airtight as you'd want a coffee bean canister to be. After a couple more openings, the latch will break, I'm sure of it - it's almost to the point of snapping off now. The current Amazon price is $35.99 and there is no way I'd pay that for this junk. ~~~~ item received for review ~~~~
Seldom have I run across dinnerware that I liked less than16 Piece Classic White Dinnerware Set, Wave Design.  Let me count the ways . . .&#9654;&#65038;  The dishes are too large, except when they are not.The dinner "plate" is nearly 12 inches across, as big as most chargers, with a huge rim.  Even a man-sized meal looks small on this plate.  Something more diet conscious looks like the scraps left uneaten rather than dinner.The bowl is only marginally deeper than the plates.  While the bowls are certainly of a size to use as serving bowls, they simply are too shallow to keep the soup warm long enough to serve and totally impractical for cereal and milk.&#9654;&#65038;  The cup is both strange and a disaster waiting to happen.There is a reason that cups, pitchers and other items intended to be poured or drunk from are nearly always round rather than square.  Holding this cup by the handle to drink insures that the liquid is going to pour evenly over the level edge - all down your face & neck.  The bottom corners are hard to clean (no leaving these overnight!), especially if the cup has had something like coffee with cream in it, and the oddly scalloped top edge matches nothing else about the set.&#9654;&#65038;  The dishes are very heavy.&#9654;&#65038;  The large plate does not fit either my extra-large dishpan or the microwave, making these hard to wash and useless for reheating leftovers.&#9654;&#65038;  One side of each piece contains a large bump that sticks up from the edge.  I've not decided whether that is there to help align the plates so they are all facing in the same direction or as a place for a waiter to hold the dish, but either way it simply looks both strange and unnecessary.Grandma's $0.02 - The16 Piece Classic White Dinnerware Set, Wave Designreminds me of nothing quite so much as the infamous collections of "edgy" plates that so often earn the wrath of Gordon Ramsey on Kitchen Nightmares. I'm sure you know what Ramsey does with those plates. I wouldn't give these houseroom.Definitely not recommended.
I just tried to get this to nest securely in the filter cavity of myBrita Slim Water Filter Pitcher, 5 Cup. Long story short, it was a total no-go, making this replacement filter a total fail for my needs.Perhaps these WILL fit and properly lock in to the filter cavities of other brands or models of water filtration pitchers, but for me, having this filter float up and allow the unfiltered water to mix with any filtered water that I'd already had in my pitcher (from my original Brita filter), or simply allow the unfiltered water to move around in my pitcher without it being properly filtered through a filter that DOES lock in place, is just not acceptable. Simply having the filter stay in constant contact with unfiltered water does not mean that said water will eventually be fully filtered; if the filter doesn't lock in place, and stay there, I might as well not have it there at all.For my specific filter, this cartridge is a good 1 1/2" to 2" shorter than my tall, narrow Brita filter. There are grooves up each side of the EcoPure filter, and the top lip of the EcoPure filter fits the cavity in my Brita Slim pitcher perfectly, but it doesn't lock in in any way; I tried rotating it a quarter turn a good eight times in an effort to find any position in which this filter might lock into the cavity. It eventually did sort of stick in place due to inappropriate fitting, but that wasn't where it was flush with the filter cavity - it still stuck up a good 1/3" above the edge where the cartridge lip should have nested flush with the cavity.Might be worth a try with another brand, if these are cheaper than your brand-specific cartridges, and you're willing to try to return them if they don't work, but for my uses, worthless.To the trash these go...
Honestly , I didn't have hope for this product to begin with... I consider k-cups to be a higher end item. I wondered who would go to the extra expense of purchasing k-cups and then would cheap out and buy a  manual coffee maker. This contraption is way too much work! It took me several minutes to push out a weak cup of coffee . No way would I tell someone to waste their time,energy and money on this thing. If you want to use k-cups just bite the bullet and spring for a krueig coffee maker.
Using myDylos DC1100 Pro air quality monitorI was unable to confirm that the air coming from the Claritin CAP529-U is filtered to HEPA standards.  The ambient particles down to .5 microns was measured at roughly 550 and the air coming directly out of the unit was only able to get the particle count down to about 200.  That is a 64% reduction but a HEPA filter should be able to get to around a 98% reduction.  I have confirmed that other HEPA filters do indeed achieve this standard (including the Friedrich AP260 and Holmes HAP9726B-U).  I recommend getting a Dylos if you really care about how much particulate pollution is in your living/working space.  It is the only way to know that a filter like this isn't performing as it claims.Given its failure to perform at true HEPA filter levels I recommend you look for a different brand.  For a lower price you can get the Holmes mentioned above and get true HEPA performance.
The scarf hanger is durable and the oil rubbed bronze finish is lovely. However, the hanger only included four bars for hanging, one of which is very close to the top of the hanger. I was able to hang a large scarf on the top rod and 3 smaller scarfs on each of the remaining bars so I was able to hang a total of 10 scarves. However due to the way the bars are distributed I cannot easily locate a specific scarf.  I have to dig through the top layer to find the scarves hanging on the lower bars.  Also, you cannot hang infinity scarves on the hanger. The hanger is a great concept, but is not really different than a multi-rod trouser hanger which can be purchased for a cheaper price.
I found the food chute was too small for the foods I wanted to chop, including a cucumber. I had to slice everything into small pieces with a knife first, and if I'm going to do that much prep work, then what do I need the SaladXpress for?The SaladXpress felt way too cheap and flimsy in my hands. My recommendation is to spend a little bit more money and buy a higher-quality and more durable food processor.
I am always looking for the perfect upright bagless vacuum cleaner, so I was excited to try a new product from Samsung, a brand I trust. Though this SC12F70A model does have some features I like, overall the unit is not one I would recommend.First, the key things I like:* a longer cord than most* the hand-held unit (a.k.a. handy vacuum cleaner) is designed nicely. It is easy to remove from the body and I love the fact that there is no hose! It works nicely for cleaning things like window sills & crevices* the brush bar on the main body has a low enough profile to work go under most of my cabinetsThe things I don't like:* considerably heavier than either of the Dyson or Kenmore bagless uprights I currently use* does not maneuver nearly as easily as the Dyson* even though the model states it comes with built in accessories, it is really only a bar & small brush that retracts. (There is a separate accessory kit with some models according to the manual).* the hand-held vacuum does not have enough suction to clean the carpet on my stairs* there is no extension rod to use the hand-held unit to reach higher spots without a step ladderI am neutral on* suction - seems about the same as my two other bagless uprights* ease of emptying the dust/dirt containers and maintaining the filter - again, about the same as othersThe big problem (which may be a factory flaw with just my unit) forcing me to downgrade from 2 or 3 stars to 1 star is that the  brush motor cuts out within 2-3 seconds of starting to vacuum carpet. I have very little carpeting with a low-medium pile, so being able to move from hard wood to carpet easily is critical. I constantly had to reset the brush motor when I moved onto carpet - this happened on my very 1st use, so there were no obstructions in the brush (and I did check). I tried 3 different small carpets in three areas and the same problem each time. However the brush motor does not stop when I use it on a hard floor (which I would never normally do). I looked for something to adjust for pile, thinking that might help, but found nothing.I am disappointed in this vacuum cleaner and will not use it for normal cleaning. I received this vacuum at no charge and may use the detachable hand-held for spot cleaning. However, had I paid for it, I would have returned it immediately.
I mentioned out loud that I was preparing to write a review of this product, when my teen offered, "How about, 'Buy this only if you love stupid ugly things?'"  I was going to be a bit kinder, but that about sums it up.This is a very cheaply made product.  It has pieces of threads hanging all over it, the fabric is so thin you can see through it, and it's lined with unattractive plastic.  Everything about this screams "dollar store" and I wouldn't think of displaying it in my home.  The $18 price tag (as of this review) is outrageous.  The pictures in the product listing make it look much nicer than it really is.Thumbs down.
*This is not a good product for the price.  It's bad considering what it costs.  It does not meet the standards that would be expected of it for what you must pay for it.  The ratio of wonderfulness per dollar spent is too low.  It ain't worth it.There, there are five ways of saying the same thing.I'm not sure what the exact purposes of this InterDesign York Scrunch Storage, Brown are.  Yes, it will fold flat for storage, but so will so many other similar products such as duffel bags and cloth grocery bags.  And duffle bags and reusable grocery bags don't need to be manipulated at all to get them flat; you drop them wherever you want and -- Bob's your uncle -- they're flat.  And if you want to wad or roll up those bags you can because they don't have a wire in the bottom that holds them open, as does the product under review.  And those bags can be tossed in the washer whereas the InterDesign York Scrunch Storage, Brown must be cleaned by sponge.*The product under review does, as advertised, hold things such as sports equipment, but who wants to paw down through five baseball mitts and a couple hockey gloves to find the soccer ball signed by Pele you want to sell on eBay if you're in a hurry?  It's opaque, unlike, say, a bag made of netting.  A container of this shape and opacity wants to hold things you do not need to get at again except en masse, such as laundry.But it's too small for laundry unless you're Barbie and Ken.Since we all know that the volume of a cylinder is pi * r^2 * h, we simply type pi * 7.5^2 * 19 into Google and, sure enough, we learn that the volume of the product under review has a volume of 3,357.57714852 cubic inches.  Because that seems too high we check with Wolfram and, sure enough, we are right.  That volume, for those of you who want to know, is equal to 0.0111635312473 cubic smoots.How many golf balls could you pack into InterDesign York Scrunch Storage, Brown?  Assuming the air space is 75%, which is almost certainly wrong but almost certainly not by enough to make a difference, the answer is calculated by dividing the volume of the Interdesign Large Storage Can! by the volume of a golf ball.  Golf balls are invariably manufactured to be as small as possible, which according to the USGA is 1.68 inches in diameter.  The formula for the volume of a sphere is 4/3 * pi * r^3, which calculates to 2.4827 cubic inches per golf ball.  3,357.57714852 cubic inches divided by 2.4827 cubic inches = 1,352.39 golf balls, which times 0.75 to account for our guess at 25% airspace results in a total of 1,014 golf balls.  Golf balls are invariably manufactured to be as heavy as possible, which according to the USGA is 1.62 ounces, which means our 1,014 golf balls will weigh 1,642.68 ounces, which divided by 16 is over 102 pounds, which is why you probably should not use this product for toting a full complement of golf balls as opposed to merely storing them.  Even if you fill it only halfway that's still 1/16th more than more than the weight of three full-weight bowling balls, which according to the USBC may be no more than 16 pounds, you'd be lugging to your own, personal driving range.*You are almost certainly asking right about now, what about ping pong balls, which are about the same size but much lighter?  At a diameter of 1.57 inches, a ping pong ball occupies 2.026271236 cubic inches.  3,357.57714852 cubic inches divided by 2.026271236 cubic inches = 1,657 ping pong balls, which times 0.75 to account for our guess at 25% airspace results in a total of 1,242 ping pong balls that will fit in the product under review.  At a weight of only 0.095 ounces each the total tare weight will be 118 ounces, which when divided by 16 is only 7.37 pounds, which is more like it compared to 102, which is nearly 13 times heavier.  Exactly why you would want to collect 1,242 ping pong balls in one place is hard to imagine, but if you want to do it using the InterDesign York Scrunch Storage, Brown you almost certainly can.Now that I think about it, there IS a good reason to collect 1,242 ping pong balls in a cylinder such as the product under review.  The reason is that what ping pong balls are made of is celluloid, which is extremely flammable.  Not just catch-fireable like paper but explosively inflammable like gasoline.  I filled the InterDesign York Scrunch Storage, Brown with as many ping pong balls as I could, which turned out to be exactly 1,242, and then I lit one and tossed it on top of the pile.  Moments later the fire really got going and grew and grew, both downwards as more ping pong balls caught fire and upwards as the column of flame rose, at its highest, to maybe ten feet.  (If you're going to try this, here are two tips:  It's more impressive at night, and you may use fewer than 1,242 ping pong balls.  Just one is actually pretty impressive.  Light it from the top, set it on something non-flammable, and enjoy.)Anyway, the point is that if you do set 1,242 ping pong balls alight in an InterDesign York Scrunch Storage, Brown it will not survive.  In fact, it pretty much gives up any pretense of structural integrity after the first few seconds.  For this I subtract all 4 stars I can subtract.
...and I was thrilled to do so because a steam cleaner had been something that I've been meaning to buy. I'm a sloppy person and am forever spilling coffee and iced tea on my favorite chairs - my four cats urp up their dinner on my couch, I have A tiled entry and a bathroom that really needs the grout steamed - and on top of that I have a husband .Unfortunately I seemed to have been sent a refurbished one (normally not a problem for me since I am just testing this product) since when I opened it the water tank was already covered with condensation, and and it did not work. At all.What ticks me off is that the instructions are incomplete, the lock button does not work and it leaks like a sieve. I waited the allotted 15 seconds (and more) for it to get into clean mode and nothing happened.So I cannot give a real review but I can say that if I had spent cash on this I would have been really angry and looking for a refund, which is never fun.Edited Review - June 16th 2014I was sent another one to test. Unfortunately this also does not work.  It is made better than the last one, it does not leak.  However, it also does not produce steam.  I can feel the motor get warm, but that is it.  And I did let it heat up for a good long time.
If you're looking for a "real" vacuum cleaner, then this is NOT what you want and I would advise you to keep searching.  This item is really more of a lightweight item for quick clean-up of little spills.  And if that's what you're in the market for, there is a MUCH better option (Electrolux) shown below at a MUCH better price.Here's what makes me not like this Hoover cordless:#1.  Lacks suction.  This is the #1 thing that a vacuum cleaner must have.  Suction!  Without good suction, it ceases to be a vacuum cleaner. The box shows that it's supposed to be "full size" and "full power".  I don't believe either of these are true.  For my "regular" vacuum needs, I use a "canister" vacuum.  I find that a "canister" vacuum has more power / suction and can be used on any floor surface. . . as well as other things like curtains, furniture, etc.  I don't know if the Hoover corded models have more suction than this cordless model, but I would hope that they do.#2.  "Cleaning Wand":  Look closely at the side view picture.  To use the "cleaning wand" you must first unhook the hose at the very bottom where it attaches to the base/brush part.  Look slightly above and you will see that there is a "round part" where the hose goes through to keep it attached to the machine.  There are several problems with this.  First, the hose itself is VERY cheap.  It so thin it almost feels like plastic wrap.  There is no way it's going to last very long.  Second, it stretches only a VERY short distance.  Third, because of the "round part" that I mentioned previously, where the hose goes through, you have to unplug it from the bottom. .  .then pull / stretch it up so it can be attached into the handle. . . . and when you do that, it's bending right where that ring is ("round part") on the back of the machine.  This causes the hose to not be able to be stretched very far, but also I'm 99% sure after you've used this a couple of times, the hose is simply going to burst right where that part is located.  The overall "craftsmanship" is CHEAP.#3.  Attachments???  Though the booklet that comes with the machine shows several "accessories" this machine only comes with a couple of them.  The "main" one is the "dusting" tool shown in one of the pictures.  Fortunately I have a "real" dusting tool with my "real" vacuum cleaner. . . because this one is not it.Is there anything I like about this item you might ask?  Well, I like the fact that it's cordless. .  ..  but a vacuum with no suction. . . cordless or not. . . . is not a vacuum at all.If you're looking for a "quickie" vacuum cleaner that you can do a quick run over your floors. . . . or to a quick pick-up . . . .. that's also cordless.  . . .Then I recommend you have a look at the Electrolux shown below.  It's a two-in-one item.  You can use it "tall" or you can pop-out the hand-held vacuum as well.  It's a no-nonsense great little item to have when you don't want to haul-out your "real" vacuum cleaner for a small job.Electrolux Ergorapido Brushroll Clean 2-in-1 Stick/Handheld Vacuum 12V Cordless, EL1061A
I chose Cuispro Hand Held Mandoline because I thought it would be a more compact and easy to store slicer than the ones I currently have:Swissmar Borner V-1001 V-Slicer Plus MandolineandZyliss 4-in-1 Slicer and Grater.  The Borner is beginning to crack after 12 years of use, and the Zyliss has blades that are difficult to remove quickly, since the carrier telescopes in and out for the various blades to be fitted.  Unfortunately, the Cuispro is NOT going to replace either of these as a good alternative.Removing the label from the coated food surface is a pain-Krud Kutter, Goo Gone, Simple Green and application of the cleaner I use for my non-stick skillet all failed to eradicate this sticky substance.  Then, after giving removal up as hopeless, I had a hard time taking out the julienne blade so I could make simple slices.  I was afraid that I would wind up julienne-ing part of my hand before that insert came out.  Once the mandoline was set for slicing, I get my potatoes ready, cut in half and mounted on the handguard.  I dial in the thickness I wanted, and got busy slicing-weird, uneven slices that would jam in the blade.  My husband tried with similar results.  Carrots provided the same end product, weird chunks of varying thickness.The one thing I like about this mandoline is the thickness dial.  It would be convenient to be able to vary the thickness of slices without having to switch to a new blade, as with the Zyliss and Borner models I currently have.  Unfortunately, since I cannot get it to slice anything with regularity, I will have to continue to use the other two slicers.  The learning curve on what is a pretty simple kitchen utensil should not require the effort I put into this.  Three days and several pounds of uneven potato and carrot slices later, I still have not figured this thing out.
Although it was well- packaged, they needn't bother. Had this inferior, warped, cast-iron slab actually broken during shipping, the only possible loss would be the time to clean it up. It's really that bad. This would be a good gift at a white-elephant exchange. It would be funny to watch people handle this 15 lb behemoth or even drop it on the host's poodle (just kidding... I love my poodle). Otherwise, it might make a good weapon for a psychopath to drop from an overpass into freeway traffic.There are multiple flaws in the surface, one where about 3 sq in of the surface is raising up. Several flaws on the edge look like an untrained smith handled it with his pliers before it was cooled enough. But the piece de resistance is that this hunk of trash is not even flat! With this sitting on a flat surface, pushing down on one corner lifts the opposite corner more than  inch.I couldn't even give it away and I cannot return it (free from Amazon Vine) so I'm just going to recycle it. Could it be that it was just a fluke? A one-time bad unit? If that's the case, where is their quality control. The flaws in this are blatantly obvious. You can take a chance and see, but be ready to return it.I currently own and use the Lodge cast iron double-burner grill-griddle. It is nearly flawless and only a couple of dollars more than the vastly inferior T-Fal. I highly recommend the Lodge unit.
I've owned various cast iron pots and cookware and this is the first that feels like fine grain sandpaper. In some places it is so rough it is possible to get scratches on your fingers.Despite this I followed the directions to clean the pot before first use and put a layer of vegetable oil on it, then wipe with a paper towel. Of course it has enough roughness that some of the paper towel flaked off. I tried cooking Brunswick stew in this. My version does not have a very thick/creamy base. Despite this, pieces of meat and some vegetables stuck to the side of the pot.I then tried what I have found to be the best seasoning for cast iron. (You can look up the method on the internet.) It uses food grade flax seed oil. It is time intensive but comes out amazing. Cook's Illustrated even put their cast iron pan seasoned this way in the dishwasher and it retained the seasoning. I've become an advocate to use this for all your cast iron. You do have to strip it first, but even my grandfather's ancient well-seasoned ridged Lodge grill works better now.There was an improvement in the performance of this pan with the flax seed oil coating but not up to the standards of any of my Lodge brand. Considering you can purchase a Lodge pot, 1 quart larger than this for about $8 more...? This dissatisfaction does not even include the questionable plastic looking handle attached with a screw on the lid of this. Really a huge disappointment all around.
I received this product free from the company in exchange for an honest review.I have to say that I am horribly disappointed.  It is not a massaging pillow, at all.  It&#8217;s a vibrating pillow that buzzes in your ears and annoys your brain.  The different settings just increase the vibration.  There is absolutely nothing soothing or massaging about this pillow.  In fact it does just the opposite.I tried several times to use it at different settings but never lasted more than a minute or two.  The pillow itself, when it&#8217;s not turned on, is comfortable and soft.  But I cannot recommend this pillow.  It doesn&#8217;t even come close to having a massage like quality - far from it.  If you want to vibrate your head, this pillow is for you, if you want a soothing neck massage, look elsewhere!Cherise Everhard, April 2014
This product is so lousy, yet so astronomically priced in comparison to its worth, it took me a while to register that the InterDesign company wants $15 for an item no one should pay $1 for. Other reviewers have stated this caddy looks like something from the dollar store; they are right. Other reviewers have stated the soap dispenser leaks; my caddy did not even arrive with a dispenser. Based on the other reviews that was probably a good thing as I don't need soap leaking all over my counter.If you want to put a bottle of hand soap in the space where the dispenser goes, too bad: The opening is too small for most brands. The side compartments will fit exactly one sponge and one brush, no more. Cheap, scuffed plastic and a really, really poor design.One reviewer suggests using it for pencils, which I think is the best use possible for this "product".But you should still not pay more than $0.99.GRADE: D
July 19, 2014 update:  Tonight I noticed that not only did the lotion leak into another compartment, but the lotion leaked out the bottom as well, all over the counter.  I threw it in the garbage.  If I could, I could give this item no stars at all.June 27, 2014 update:  My rating was lowered to one star because I noticed that the lotion that I put in that well just three days ago had leaked into the well next to it.  This is a manufacturer's defect.  This means that if you purchase this item, be sure to test immediately to be sure that the liquid you place into that well stays there.There are things to like about this soap caddy, which is in my front guest bathroom.  Now I can ditch the undecorated liquid soap container; the lotion well will hold about eight ounces.  The other wells are size versatile; they easily hold my large toothpaste, brush, and contact lens cleaner.  This caddy looks attractive [and not cheap] on my bathroom counter.Note that the items shown in Amazon's picture, i.e., the brush and the scrubber, do not come with the caddy.  What I do not like about this caddy is the fact that the lotion top just sits down on top of the container; it is difficult to seat and has a tendency to move.  I would have preferred the lotion well to hold 12 ounces.  Also, I think that the plastic could have been a little thicker, and the price, at $16.29, is excessive.  After seeing the caddy, I personally do not think the price should be more than $10.
I've downgraded my review from 3 stars to 1 star...here's the update:The soap dispenser now leaks soap into one of the other compartments, making it completely useless.  This wasn't a great product to begin with, but with a leak, it is even worse.Here's my original 3-star review...in the event that you want to risk getting one, and it doesn't have a leak...Overall, when this caddy arrived, I was immediately underwhelmed.  It looks OK (the picture on Amazon is consistent with what the product actually looks like), but it feels kind of cheap and lightweight.  The metallic looking dispenser top has a plastic feel to it.More important, however, is that the top to the soap dispenser does not attach very well to the dispenser.  It barely "snaps" into place, making it easy to accidentally remove (I've done it a couple times now).I suppose this is good enough if you are looking for an inexpensive way to accessorize a college student's apartment for a year, but if you are looking for something that will last a while, you might want to look at other options.
This arrived cracked from shipping. Pieces were floating in the box.Even if this wasn't cracked and ruined, I don't think it would like it. The two compartments for sponge and a taller scrubber don't have any holes in the bottom, so they'd get nasty quick. Plus the pump is just a pump lid on this contraption.Would rate zero stars on crappy quality if I could.
It looks nice, and that's about it. I poured regular hand washing soap into the pump, and the bottom began a slow leak immediately, leaving soap all over my counter top and into the pump holder itself. In fact, the soap dispenser itself didn't work. The top doesn't screw on, instead you have to fasten it. When you try to pump soap, the dispenser comes apart, and doesn't even provide you with the soap, so you have to unscrew the top and pour. I'm glad I just got this to try out. Very disappointed.
I have had bad luck with InterDesign soap caddies; either that, or their products are simply not made well.  This is the second soap caddy I have had that leaked.  The other leaked all over the counter and this one leaked all over the inside of the caddy.  It is a shame because it is a good organizer for your soap/dishwashing liquid, dish brush, and sponge.  Unfortunately, it is destined for the trash in my house.  I cannot recommend this caddy.
First of all, test this before you put any soap in it. I put water in mine and it ran out all over the counter. The plastic is defective. The photo is deceiving; you don't get the brush or the scrubber pad but you should for the price. Also, the pump just &#34;sits&#34; in the soap holder, it can easily come out if you pick the caddy up.
The Ninja blender's design is flawed.  I was trying to make some banana "ice cream" where you blend a few bananas until the texture is creamy, then freeze it.  The chopped up bananas pieces would get stuck at the top, and I'd have to take the whole container off and push the pieces down, then put it back on.  It would have been much easier to use a regular blender and open the lid, push the bananas down, then start blending again.It also didn't blend smoothies well.  I use fresh and frozen fruit, and it couldn't handle it.  I usually add a few pieces at a time, chop them up, then add more, so I won't overload the blender, but again, because of the design, I could not do this without having to remove the container and make a big mess.  I really don't understand why it was designed so poorly.The container is also plastic, not glass.  Most blenders in this price range, and even below, are glass, which is better for storing.  The only thing I liked about it was the travel cup. It's a waste of money.  There are better blenders out there that are cheaper and better designed.Update (6/17/2014):  I find it very odd that I am getting down voted on an almost daily basis and negative responses, including one from a person who does not even own this blender.  I suspect the company is having people down vote bad reviews and leave comments to discredit them because really, who in their right mind would care so much about somebody's blender review?  I will try to post a video to show the problems with it sometime soon when I have the time.
*7/9/14  Well this was fun while it lasted (not long). :(  After only using it a few times the handle broke while I was spiral slicing some zucchini noodles for a quick lunch. The handle broke right off in my hand as I was turning a small piece of zucchini. Oh well, back to my salad shooter and food processor.************Original review below********Our garden is over flowing with zucchini and cucumbers so I wanted to give this spiral cutter a try for something different. Some of our zucchini are too big so they would have to be cut down to size first. What works the best are the store sized zucchini and cucumbers. Anything larger would have to be trimmed up a bit before it would fit.Another reviewer mentions that this works like a hand held pencil sharpener, it does! :) I cut the ends off of the zucchini and was able to make really cool looking zucchini noodles. One side makes large noodles, the other size a bit smaller. This works great for zucchini, cucumbers, larger carrots, and parsnips. As for radishes I believe they are referring to the larger white Asian radishes, not the small red round ones.I was able to fill up a nice little salad bowl of spiral sliced zucchini with one small zucchini using this. Quickly steamed or stir fried, you can add a bit of tomato sauce or crushed tomatoes, some spices, a drizzle of olive oil, sprinkle some cheese and maybe even add a few chunks of cooked chicken and you have a nice lunch or light dinner.This works very well. Some of the vegetable skins stuck on the inside of the blade, so I used a small bottle brush to clean the inside. There is small metal spike on the inside of the cap to help hold the vegetables, be careful it is sharp too. I didn't notice it at first and poked my finger when I removed it from the box. It is easier to not use the end cap until the vegetable is almost finished then add the cap and finish up. It will leave about an inch or so of unfinished vegetable with a larger spiral core attached.I was sent a sample product from the manufactuer for testing and review purposes. The only thing I think I would change would be to design the end cap so it locks onto the base for storage. Other than that for a quick meal this would be easy to grab out of the cupboard to use. For larger amounts I would grab my salad shooter or food processor. This is a fun little kitchen tool! :)
Hm Filtered water bottle with a fancy filter, ok!WOW, there are a whole bunch of steps to do before you can even drink that filtered special water. Its well built and seemingly well designed. Until you go to use it and want to chug some water..you have to WAIT till it filters every time and that reserve of water....is only the bottom few inches. A few days after using this? the charcoal filter started falling apart into the water. I did all the steps right to prepare that filter, and I have seen other reviews say the same thing happened. So SOMETHING is wrong with this product. We took the filter out and just use it as a regular water bottle now.
UPDATE - about 3 days after writing the below, movement in the lower reservoir caught my eye. The charcoal was falling out of the filter like a dang snow globe. Now I know activated charcoal is not bad for you, but I don't want my water chunky, so I can no longer recommend this filter, maybe it's a lemon, but I don't want to have to buy another filter to find out. Too bad, I liked it a lot. :(ORIGINAL REVIEW: This thing feels very solid, the build on it is great. I have not dropped it on a hard surface, but my cat did knock it off of a surface about 3 feet from the carpeted floor when it had water in it - no leakage and no damage.As to how the water tastes, it tastes fine, it's not I just bought a bottle of Dasani or Aquafina awesome, but if, like me you just want to filter the local water supply at your place of work, this will do the trick.The initial set up was easy, I rinsed it, inside and out with hot water and did a light soapy wash down. Then I just plunked the filter in a bowl of water and went to bed. I got up in the morning and rinsed the filter (hardest part rinsing for 3 minutes holding it - a watched filter never rinses - next time I'm just going to run water in the soaking bowl for 3 minutes, see if that works)The bottom well of filtered water is 6oz. I also found that it drains from top to bottom quickest if you leave the cap open for just a bit, otherwise the vacuum created inside the bottle keeps everything where it is. This is great for a continuous supply of water to be filtered, but isn't much water for a long trek, unless you'll have water available to refill it. This bottle is not insulated or double walled.For what I wanted it for, to do a quick fill from tap or water fountain at work, this thing is perfect. It filters quickly, let's me not buy bottled water and will last forever, I think. I have not been able to find the replacement filters on Amazon, but someone else said they are $12.99 for two on the Thermos site. I'm sure they'll be coming to Amazon soon.Pros:Solid BuildWater tastes betterperfect to take to workcheaper than bottled waterSeals tightly - no leaksNo sucking to pull water through a filter (bad for lips, and too much work!)Cons:6 oz reservoir (make it 24 oz and an 8oz reservoir)Doesn't filter with the lid closed (but only an annoyance, really)Remember, fill around the tube, not down the tube, the tube is where you drink the filtered water from when the lid is on.That being said, I got this for free, so the real question is, having tried it would I BUY it. Yes, I would. If your water doesn't have to be cold, then this thing is perfect for filtering the local water supply at work, at the park, from a hose, at a friend's house who doesn't filter their water, etc.
This bottle system is over-priced and filters only a small amount of water, maybe 6 ounces, ready to drink.  After you sip up that amount, you have to wait for more to drip through the filter.  I got this a free one to review, but let me compare it to the OKO bottle of which I have bought several.This Thermos brand costs about $47 for a 22 oz capacity.  The OKO bottle is a full liter (50% more) at $21.The filter in the Thermos brand is good for 20 gallons.  The OKO for 100 gallons.The Thermos brand only filters already potable water.  The OKO level-2 filter takes virtually any contaminated water and makes it potable, or takes potable water and makes it super clean.I will admit the &#34;draw&#34; on the OKO is more difficult, but so long as you're pulling water through the OKO filter, you've got water.  With the Thermos brand, you can only drink the small portion under the filter, before waiting for more to drip through.If you want to spend $47 to be able to drink a small amount of water already fit to drink...go for it.  However, for $21 you can get a bottle 50% larger that you can take mud puddle water and drink it up if you had to.
*I simply do not understand this product.  It serves no purpose that can't be served MUCH more easily.  And probably more cheaply.It's what the manufacturer calls a filtration bottle, which means you pour tap water into and, after a while, the water you drink is filtered.  You can carry the bottle around with you and drink from it.  To get from tap water to filtered water you have to go through a ridiculous number of steps, some of which involve merely standing around waiting and some of which eventually involve spending more money.Most people need not filter their water anyway.  Tap water from municipal sources rarely has evil in it, and if you use well water this filtration bottle is hardly going to be your first or even tenth choice.  If your tap water is nasty you will already have installed some giant, complicated method of filtering all of it, not just a few ounces at a time.This product comes with not two but three sets of instructions, two on paper and one online.  They are in some cases contradictory, and in two diagrams the part in question is shown, for no obvious reason, upside down.*Here's what you're supposed to do -- &#34;as soon as possible after each use,&#34; according to one set of instructions -- to get filtered water from the Thermos NSF/ANSI 53 Certified Tritan Water Filtration Bottle, 22-Ounce, Clear.(1) Remove the lid and pour out any water inside.(2) Remove the rubber-like gasket from the lid.(3) Using warm soapy water wash and then rinse that gasket.(4) Remove from the bottle the inner assembly, which consists of a drinking tube with a basket at the bottom, which basket holds the filter.(5) Using warm soapy water wash and then rinse the bottle.(6) Using warm soapy water wash and then rinse the lid.(7) Remove the rubber-like gasket from the top of the drinking tube.(8) Using warm soapy water wash and then rinse that gasket(9) Remove the rubber-like gasket from the bottom of the basket.(10) Using warm soapy water wash and then rinse that gasket.(11) Remove the filter from the basket.(12) Soak the filter in a container of cool water for one hour.(13) Rinse the filter under cool running water for three minutes.(14) Attach the filter to the basket.(15) Attach the gasket at the bottom of the basket.(16) Attach the gasket at the top of the tube.(17) Attach the gasket at the bottom of the lid.(18) Insert the inner assembly all the way into the bottle.(19) Add some potable tap water to the upper (unfiltered) reservoir of the bottle.(20) Keeping the lid open, wait for the lower reservoir to fill.(21) Add potable water up to the fill line.  For filtration, keep the lid open.(22) Drink filtered water, which comes from the lower reservoir through the drinking tube.This is an extraordinarily long list of steps.  Each is easy to perform, but one of them takes an hour and another involves standing at a sink for three minutes holding a filter under running water.  I want to meet and talk to anyone who would perform all these steps more than once.And you're supposed to do all this, 22 steps and at least an hour, to get only one bottleful, 20 ounces, of filtered water at a time.Except it's not really 20 ounces at a time, it's more like five.  Only after you've drunk some, which empties the lower reservoir, can more water drip from the upper reservoir through the filter.  I don't know about you, but when I'm thirsty I want more than five ounces at a whack.*This is a complicated and ludicrously labor-intensive solution to a problem that for so many people doesn't exist anyway.  And it costs $46.76.  And it doesn't purify water, according to the manufacturer.To take an extreme example, Costco sells water in single-use bottles that IS purified and that is filtered better than what this product can do, for a lot less.Right now they sell 78 cases at 24 bottles per case at 16.9 oz per bottle for $389.99.16.9 * 24 = 405.6 ounces per case.  405.6 * 78 cases = 31,636.8 ounces.  $389.99 divided by 31,636.8 ounces = $0.0123271 per ounce.Assuming you work through all the 22 steps through all 128 20-ounce bottles that this filter is rated to last for, that's 2,560 ounces, which $46.76 divided by is $0.018265625 per ounce.  (And don't forget that at this point you have to buy a new filter.)0.018265625 minus 0.0123271 is 0.005938525.  0.005938525 divided by 0.0123271 = 48%.This means you will pay almost 50% more for water from this product than buying it from Costco.  Yes, there are drawbacks to using bottled water purchased one pallet at a time, but are they worth the effort of taking 22 steps 128 times, which is 2,816 steps to get water from the Thermos NSF/ANSI 53 Certified Tritan Water Filtration Bottle, 22-Ounce, Clear?  That's 2,816 steps for 2,560 ounces, which is exactly 10% more steps than ounces.  (And that's not counting the water down the drain while you rinse the filter for three minutes.)I don't know about you, but my time is worth a lot more than this.  If I start to feel guilty about rubbishing up the environment by using bottled water, which I have bought maybe ten bottles of in the last ten years, I'll donate ten bucks to some eco-happy fund.  I drink regular tap water.This is a comical product that should never have been released to the public because it is embarrassing to everyone at Thermos who approved it.  No one in her right mind would use it.It does have a place you can attach a strap to, but you'll be at home so much of the time preparing it for use that that won't matter much.*