I got this ice cream maker primarily to make sorbets and the occasional batch of ice cream.  The item arrived well packed, accompanied by a very small instruction manual / recipe booklet combination.To get a feel for the machine, I first froze the freezer bowl for 24 hours at zero degrees or less.  My first attempt was a Quince sorbet from "The Sweet Life" cookbook.  I pretty much followed the recipe instructions to the letter.  I poured the chilled quince mixture into the frozen bowl with the machine running.  10 minutes passed.  20 minutes.  30 minutes.  40 minutes.  My "sorbet" was just a frozen drink.  Eventually, the freezer bowl defrosted and I had a lukewarm smoothie on my hands.Thinking it was my ability to follow a recipe, I decided to try one of the recipes in the instruction manual.  I tried the "basic vanilla".  After about 20 minutes of churning, the ice cream started to firm up.  But it never got past the soupy slush stage.  So I waited some more...another 20 minutes.  The ice cream was thicker but still a soupy mess.  After freezing the concoction for 3 hours, it was fine, but more like frozen milk than ice cream.Next, my wife stepped in and tried one of her recipes.  Chocolate ice cream.  Same results for her.  A soupy half-frozen mess.I have lost faith in this machine.  I still think the best and most reliable way to make ice cream is with one of those old style churns.  I just don't think this thing gets cold enough.  My parents have a different model (anotehr brand) and theirs freezes the ice cream within 15 minutes every time.Your mileage may vary, but I would be wary of this machine.
You can only fill 2/3 of this 4 quart pressure cooker so you cannot really do any canning unless using very teeny tiny jars and cooking very small portion of food.  I have a 5 quart pressure cook and you cannot put a whole chicken in it. You need at least a 6 to 8 quart cooker to cook a decent meal with meat and vegetables.  I won't recommend buying this pot even if it is cheap.
My son works at a ice cream shop, and when I recieved this ice cream scoop, he was glad that I got one that resembled the one that he uses at work. Until he actually used it. It looks metal, but feels like it's plastic. When I used it for the first time, I was scooping out very hard ice cream, and it felt like it was going to break. I had to turn it in circles to get anything. I think I will be going back to my old heavy metal one. At least I know it won't break in my hand.
The linkage did not seem to transfer full arm pressure to level disk pressure.  There's something missing in the angle of delivery.  Since the disk travels down the cylinder at an angle - smushed potatoes squish up around the edge.  When you lift the arm to reload the stuff that oozed over the plate falls off on the counter.  I expected better mechanical advantage in the lever setup.
This is a fairly sturdy, seemingly well-designed piece of kitchen equipment that is supposed to dry your salad greens by spinning them in a colander. You press down on a pump at the top of the lid to get the colander spinning, then you can either wait for the colander to stop, or you can use a brake button to halt the action. I will break this down into the pros and cons that I have found:Pros:It is sturdy. It has grips on the bottom and pretty much stays in place even if you let go of it.The lettuce can be put in the colander, then water poured into the bowl to wash it, then the colander can be removed to drain it, saving the need for an extra washing bowl.It is fairly easy to get a good, fast(ish) spin going. Tip: make short, fast pumping motions.Cons:In order to get the fast spin, you must pump for at least a minute, maybe more. My arms got very tired after cleaning two heads of romaine lettuce.There doesn't seem to be a need for the brake. I just lifted the lid off when I wanted to stop it. Why add unnecessary functions?The lid comes apart for cleaning, but I found it extremely hard to get it apart. It's definitely made for someone with huge, strong hands.And the big topper of them all: it doesn't dry the lettuce. I thought that's what a salad spinner was supposed to do. At first I thought I was doing something wrong, so I tried different things. I put less lettuce in the colander. I broke the lettuce in half to make smaller pieces. I lightly wrung out the lettuce before putting it in the colander. I pumped, let it stop, pumped again, let it stop, pumped again. No matter what, I still ended up with damp lettuce that I needed to pat dry with paper towels. So what is the point of this contraption? If I just wanted to wash the lettuce I could have used a bowl that I already have instead of paying a lot for this thing. I wanted to give it one star, but because it is fairly sturdy and I can at least use the bowl and colander again, I'm giving it two. Can't anybody make a decent salad drier?
Oxo has designed many nice things, and their customer service is first-rate...a rarity these days. Having said that, they have had a few misses, and this is one of them.Who would think a set of measuring spoons could evoke much of a reaction? Certainly not I, but...I've had a set of Tupperware measuring spoons for over 20 years that I consider to be the benchmark for measuring spoon design. If you search ebay for "Tupperware measuring spoons" and scroll down to find a set of seven rectangular spoons on a triangular shaped ring (in burnt orange) you will see what I have. Ever since I received these as a gift nothing else compares. The fit snugly on the ring, nest tightly, and hang properly.I thought this Oxo set was similarly designed and would be a nice extra set. I was wrong.What I like:- The spoons can be detached from their ring. This is a must for me. I've gotten so used to this feature I can't use a set where all the spoons are on a ring so they can't be separated.- The design of the attachment to the ring feels sturdy. The spoons will stay attached until needed.- The selection of sizes. The 1/8 and 1/4 tsp sizes are surprisingly useful.What I Don't:- First and foremost, the attachment ring. I hang my measuring spoons from a hook under my cabinets for easy grabbing. The oval/rectangular shape of the ring causes the ring to hang "the long way" from the hook. This means the spoons settle at the narrow end of the ring and don't stay nested. They splay all out when hung up and the bulky spoon design exacerbates this problem. If they had a triangular ring similar to my Tupperware set, so they hung better, I could live with the other faults. As dumb as this seems, this a deal breaker for me.- The thick, half-round handles feel clumsy and bulky to me. Because they are rounded on the bottom, they don't feel as stable as flat-handled spoons. This shape also means the spoons don't nest as completely as most sets. This could be a disadvantage if you store them in a drawer.- I would prefer molded markings so when the painted on markings wear off the spoons are still usable.I have a small kitchen with limited hanging space and limited drawer space. The ring design means the spoons take up too much space when hung up. The bulky design that doesn't nest completely means they take up too much drawer space. I don't say this very often, but I would recommend a friend not buy this set.
TheOXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Designlook great, they're sturdy, and they're dishwasher safe. What's not to like? Well, if you look closely, you can see in the image that the large is not flat, but angles upward. I am sure there is some kind of brilliant design idea behind this, but in practice what you have is a measuring cup that is inexact. It works OK for powders (assuming that the angled area is part of the 1 Cup), but for liquids it is not so great, and obviously one of these has to be incorrect. Either the angled section is or is not included in the 1 Cup.In addition, I cannot figure out how they got the cups to stack so well in the photo. In our drawer, they don't fit together terribly well, and the handles stick up to catch whenever we try to open it. Frankly speaking, I have some cheap plastic ones from many years ago that are made better than this. Sure, I'd like metal ones with the great handles, but it isn't worth giving up the ability to actually use them.The low rating on this review might seem a bit harsh, but after all, it is a measuring cup that cannot possibly measure correctly. That seems to fail the basic measure (nice pun, right?) of the product.
What can I say about these measuring cups?  Well, for one thing, I think the design is overkill.  They are very well made, but I'm only measuring something here, not eating out of them.  Also, there are not enough of them.  Missing lots of increments.  The next is the handle - okay on the plastic but you've put enough effort in to have made them all little saucepans.  Does anyone need that in a measuring cup?These are not the measuring cup a true cook would want due to the lack of increments.  Maybe you can make the saucepans first, then these?
Not exactly a winning combination.I purchased this model here on Amazon a few years ago. While it looks fun and pops decently, the nonstick coating has been flaking off. Knowing what we know now, about using high heats with non stick coatings...well...you can imagine my not wanting to serve the popcorn made in this to kids.Perhaps it's more in my head than in my popcorn bowl, but I'm just not crazy about Stir Crazy.
The machine works OK. But not great for a $150 investment.My mother had a cuisinart from 1970something. It was a work horse. You would put anything in there, and suddenly, it'd be ground to a fine powder in no time flat. Coconut (dry or fresh), nuts, seeds, whatever. Pulse once or twice, and get perfect minced onion, garlic, or ginger.This one is a different story. I don't know what they did to the motor, but it's not as powerful as my mother's old school one. When I pitch some nuts in there, it never gets it smooth, even though I am careful to add enough oil or water (after pulsing it down to a fine meal), and it's still not doing the job like the old machines do.Furthermore, the motor starts to heat up, and I get nervous about overloading it. It's a good thing that I am being careful, because Cuisinart has a whole load of bull plops to go with its so called warranty.1. You have to pay $10 to ship the new part to you.2. The blade isn't covered. My blade broke, and now they're telling me I need to get a new one. I wasn't grindings stones, I was grinding fresh coconut.I wouldn't trust Cuisinart to keep up its promises of excellence as they used to have in the old days. It's time to find another brand.
This grinder attachment is OK if you're only making small batches (less than 15 pounds) of sausage and if you only use it once or twice a year.  But if you make larger batches or if you use it more often, you should invest in a real stand-alone meat grinder.I've made my own sausage at home for about ten years now, and this poor grinder attachment just isn't up to the job.  I finally ended up having to replace my wife's stand mixer and buy my own grinder.A stand-alone grinder is much easier to use and much simpler to clean.Same goes for stuffing.  A hand-cranked canister stuffer is much easier to work with.
A word of warning - the Kitchenaides made in the past 10 or so years have a less powerful and durable motor than the older ones. If you like making homemade bread (like I do) purchase a professional mixer to knead your dough (or do it by hand like I do now). Kitchenaides used on a regular basis to make homemade bread (especially using whole wheat flour) will destroy your motor. When you send the mixer in for repairs (under warranty) they will say you've been using it commercially and refuse to stand behind their warranty. If you tell them you use it to make bread they'll tell you it's not made for that (they can't explain why they provide a dough hook though or neglect to provide any warnings against breadmaking in particular). I've always loved Kitchenaide appliances, my sisters is 15+ years old and going strong but my poor 4 year old mixer overheats and strains doing the same recipes. My next mixer will be a Magic Mill DLX Kitchen Machine, its twice as much, but will last like the old Kitchenaides do. I have to give 2 stars for the lousy warranty service and lack of honesty in their manuals.Update: August 2004Haven't been using my KA for bread since (bought a breadmachine to mix my dough). Only using the KA for light use abut 4 times a month. Now it makes a grinding noise continuously while in use. Cookie doughs seems almost too hard for it too. My sisters is now over 20 years old and going strong (even with bread). I wish they made them like they used too........
I really wanted to like this product. I bought it thinking I was going to love it. And I did, for a while.My problem is that you can only fill it half full of oil so it felt like I was constantly filling it with oil after very little use. In addition to that after you spray oil on your pan for a short amount of time, you have to stop and repump it to that it will continue to spray a fine mist. Also it quickly got clogged and as one reviewer has stated, once it is clogged; it's goodbye Misto. I used mine probably less than a year before we finally went back to buying already canned spray oils.I guess I should have read the reviews because it sounds like if you know the tricks and take the time to do the work such as loosening the top, you will be able to use this item for a long time.good luck to other purchasers.
This is a touchy little gadget which I've retired to the back of the cabinet and will likely freecycle in 2009.  If it is used daily, it can work fine, but if it is not used for even a week, I have found that the spray simply doesn't work.  When I first used the Olive Oil Sprayer and it stopped working, I called the company and received instructions to get it pumping.  Unfortunately, I found that the time it takes to clean out the system and get it operational is better spent doing other things, so I simply use an alternative to spraying the oil.  I really wanted to use this can all the time, but it became a nuisance.  I do have a little sprayer which does work great and was sold in a martini set.  I suspect it's because there is no oil messing up the system.
I love calphalon products, so it was a no brainer to order this.  I was disappointed.  I find it one of my most troublesome pans to clean.  I do not have that problem with anything else I've ever bought that is caphalon, but this tends to simply gather dust until I have no choice to use it.
I chucked this because I could never get the marks off no matter how hard I scrubbed or ran it through the dishwasher.  In the dishwasher, it affected everything else's cleanliness.
Perfect sizes, and for those of us weary of plastic everywhere, these are PERFECT! Decent price, too!UPDATE 5/20/13: SO disappointed in this set. Despite the lids being top rack dishwasher safe, not a single one still fits the glass counterpart.
I purchased this exact same set 3 years ago and loved it. Recently I decided to do away with all my plastic containers and switch solely to glass so I purchased another set. The first set I got the lids wouldn't even go on the round containers. I called Pyrex to complain but they sent me to Amazon customer service instead. I found it odd that they didn't want to hear about their defective product. Anyway, Amazon replaced the set promptly and without hassle. The second set I got had almost the same problem! The lids are extremely hard to get on (only on the round containers) They are indented so far that they almost go inside the bowls instead of out. Maybe it was just one batch of the product but I would be leery of buying them again especially since Pyrex doesn't seem to stand behind their product. Thank goodness Amazon does.
The bottom line is these are polycarbonate measuring cups.  The issues with polycarbonate besides the possible health concerns with BPA, is that it tends to crack with use.  Definitely don't use these in your dish washer as it will cause them to develop cracks.  One of mine actually started leaking today and it is only a couple years old.  I would expect a measuring cup to last a life time.  I won't be buying these again.Pros:Easy to read measurements.Convenient sizesCons:Polycarbonate (both BPA and can crack/leak)Pouring can be a challenge, don't go to fast or you will make a messBottom Line:Avoid these and get glass or a food safe BPA free plastic that will also be more durable.
I don't like flimsy things.  This cup is so lightweight and flimsy I have not used it.  I have a heavy plexiglass two cup measuring cup and I reach for it every time.Maybe I'm over-sensitive, but I keep waiting for the handle to break off.I really like 90% of the stuff this company makes, btw, this is really the only thing I've been disappointed in.
I bought my OXO 3-cup set a few years ago and found that the plastic had a tendency to crack. I had to discard my 2-cup last year and now the 1 and 4-cup are each cracked on the bottom near the injection point (where the plastic was squirted into the mold), so now they are headed to the garbage. I like the durability of the glass pyrex cups better than these plastic OXO ones but the glass is thick to be sturdy so it's quit heavy, and if you drop one and it breaks, the clean up is a nightmare. I like the light weight and the no-slip grip of the plastic OXO cups but at $20/set of 3 plastic cups, they should last a long time, not 2-3 years of occasional use. There is no excuse for the failures of this plastic. I have some polycarbonate drink cups that have lasted for more than five years of daily use by 2 adults and 2 kids, and they still look like new. Yet these measuring cups are crazed and cracked in less than 3 years. I suspect they are acrylic which is lousy plastic that is not truly dishwasher proof as it crazes and cracks even on the top shelf.Another thing I should mention is that the grip on the 1-cup measure is slightly too long so it prevents the bottom of the cup from sitting flat unless I hang the handle over the edge of the counter.By the way, BPA is not an issue with measuring cups since they are not used for heating and food doesn't stay in them long enough for BPA to leach into it. If you want BPA free, or you need to heat things inside (like melting butter), use glass.
I grew up with one of the first KA mixers - my mom bought it at a fair over 35 years ago.  With 5 kids in the house, it was used several times a week for years (cookies, cakes, desserts, bread, etc.).  It finally started to give out last year (gear was slipping) so I bought her a new one. And I have 2 myself - one I got for a wedding present 18 years ago (it lives in my weekend house) & I just bought the red artisan for at home.  I also have the meat grinder (as does my mom) & that is a handy device.  Mom always used it to grind leftover turkey/beef roasts into the best sandwich spread.  I can't say enough good about this mixer.  I wouldn't bake half as much without it.  It's powerful & dependable.  I would give this mixer 10 stars if it was an option.  You can't go wrong with this machine.Update: 2/2/2010  I would now rate this 3 stars at most.  I am shopping for a replacement to this mixer - ALREADY!  And I don't think the replacement will be KA.  My 20+ year-old KA is still going strong - this new Artisan has been a disappointment.  Underpowered, cheap beaters (paint flakes off) & the head & the mixer itself jumps all over the place when mixing.The wobbly head problem has become a common complaint with KA mixers.  I found how to fix that at least temporarily  1. Unplug the mixer 2. Lock the head in place 3. Make sure the visible hinge pin that goes through body of the mixer is pushed all the way flush 4. Remove bowl & beaters 5. Turn the entire unit on its side 6.Look all the way down the shaft & you will see a screw. (My screw actually fell completely out & was thankfully on the counter, under the mixer!)6.Tighten that screw with a flat head screwdriver.  This should fix the wobbly head problem.  I was going through beaters - flaking paint issue(these new beaters are CHEAP junk) because the head was jumping all over & making the beater hit the bowl.  I thought my beater to bowl clearance was wrong, but it was not.  My old mixer never had this problem.It hasn't died yet but I don't want to be without a mixer so I'm shopping for something better.  KA has really slipped in quality.  Jeez - I'd be willing to pay a bit more if I could count on KA holding up for more than a few years.  They've been concentrating on pretty colors & not quality.  The one year warranty should be a red flag!By the way, the KA I bought my mom - DIED a year ago!  What a disappointment.  I have been a KA "cheerleader" for years, but no more.  This is painful for me because I grew up using a KA stand mixer & have fond memories.
So many good reviews, but I was disapointed with this popcorn air popper.I bought organic popcorn from Trader Joe's which is a great popcorn.But in this popper it looked good, but went flat when we started eating the popcorn!It was Chewy, full of air, and did not have that crisp bite taste like the movie popcorn,orthe other type of popper that cooks on the stove.Soooo Chewy it stuck to our teeth!I returned this Poplite air corn popper.I'm now thinking of buying the one that I would put on the stove, and turn the handle thatAmazon sells.
This is a big heavy skillet. Great size.I seasoned this Castiron skillet 4 times, at 400 degrees,for a hour each time.I still was not happy with it.Two times with bacon grease. Two times with organic Coconut oil.I guess I was expecting it to be like my old Griswold castiron.To me, it will never be like the old skillets.I saut&eacute;ed/fried sliced potatoes with coconut oil, and they stucked. I tried a egg, which wasa big mistake also.I find this pan very heavy compared to my old Castiron pans. Although with thehelper handle it did help. It is also a thicker castiron then the old skillets,which are not as heavy.Maybe I did something wrong, but the pan said it was pre-seasoned, and I seasoned it.The in side is very lumpy, and I could not get it smooth.. I did NOT wash it with soap.I really did not like this pan, and sent it back.
I have been looking at these new side-cutter can openers for a while, with the thought that they sound like a good idea. No sharp edges sounds like a good idea. But a lot of ideas that sound good may not necessarily be an improvement, I mean can openers have been around for a very long time, somebody had to sell us on the idea that they were building a "better mousetrap". I have never been cut by a can so the idea of no sharp edges had minimal impact on me. Maybe there was some underlying suspicion than any dirt on the top of the can might fall into the food that finally convinced me to try one of these. First off, it is not as convenient as the old school can openers. Almost every can has some small metal shavings that I have to be careful to clean up before I pop the lid off.  Popping the lid requuires moderate to heavy force with the risk that the contents may spill. What I like least is that a very high percentage of cans I open require draining. With my old can opener I leave about 1/4" of lid on the can and use the lid to easily pour excess liquid down the drain. This is how my grandmother used to do it with her old Swingaway can opener. But what do you do when the whole lid comes off? There is no lid, so you end up having to find, use and then clean a strainer. What a waste of energy! This can opener and the battery ones that crawl around your can are just "As seen on TV" hype. I tried it, I didn't like it, and I threw it away. Why 2 stars instead of 1? I give it credit that it does what the ads say it will do, and that is worth something.
This Bissell Spotlifter Powerbrush is advertised as an all-in-one system that sprays, scrubs and vacuums in one easy step.  I had expected this to be a compact and smaller capacity version of Bissell's full-sized Spotbot (which is quite a nice machine by the way) but sadly it is not.First of all, let's address the spray system.  While it does spray, it takes quite a number of sprays (let's call this heavy mist) to saturate the stain area for effective scrubbing to be done by the brushes.  Once the brushes get at the scrubbing and the cleaning solution dissolves the stains, this little unit is then supposed to vacuum it all up.  While it does have enough suction to vacuum a couple of sprays (aka heavy mist), it does not have enough suction to vacuum the amount of liquid that needs to be put on the stain in order to remove it.  This futile attempt at suction is as if one tried to vacuum a glass of wine out of the carpet with a dust bunny handheld vacuum.  One would have more luck with a silly straw in this aspect.The cumulative problem of holding this otherwise compact machine over a stain repeatedly misting it until properly saturated, waiting for the scrubbing action to do its thing and then for the insufficient suction to not work, is that the machine feels heavier and heavier to hold.The design solution to these drawbacks would simply be an adjustable spray output (even a Windex bottle has one) and increased suction power.  The Bissell branded chemical cleaning solution and the scubbing brushes seem to do their job well enough.Usually when a pre-existing product is offered up for review in the Amazon Vine program, it means that the product has either been improved or re-marketed to a different segment (pets for example).  However, after doing some research, this product does not seem to have been re-marketed to a different segment nor has any of the pre-existing problems with weak spray and insufficient suction been addressed.  However, I do not have nor received the original machine to compare this current machine to to determine if the spray or suction has improved over the older models from reviews a few months prior.  If this machine "is" an improvement, my judgement is that it is still insufficient.For those that need a spot lifter, I do not recommend this particular machine.  If Bissell's full-sized Spotbot is in your price range, that machine delivers what this one does not.  The Bissell cleaning chemicals are the same (and are quite effective) and it has an even better scrubbing system and lightweight handle.This machine was tested on a few pieces of cream-coloured carpet remnant with red wine stains, mud stains and pizza stains.
I thought, just the thing for my stairs, which are always a mess (dog, cat, me--spilling tea, coffee, who knows what.) I had high hopes because my carpet shampooer is not great on the stairs and the Bissell Spot Bot has a nice hose attachment but it's a bit heavy for me to  lug up the stairs. However, this JUST didn't have the power. Not really recommended for my application, which was carpeted stairs. Maybe would be ok for a vacuumed-out car.
I like Brita. I own a full-size pitcher, which I use daily at home.I bought the Brita Slim Pitcher for my office to use in a Sanyo SR-3770S Counter-High Refrigerator (great product, see my review). The pitcher fits tightly in the door, but there's so little usable space that I'm refilling the pitcher no less than 2-3 times per day.Looking back, I should've bought another full-size Brita pitcher and filled the ice cube trays with filtered water.The pitcher is top-heavy. When full, this isn't a problem. When you're trying to pour your second glass of water (and that's about all this pitcher can carry), the top tends to come off, so you'll have to hold it with one hand to prevent it from detaching and falling out.If space is a problem, consider buying reusable water bottles. You can store them in a compact refrigerator and refill them using a full-size Brita pitcher.
No it is not imagination. I just ran taste tests. Perhaps the filter area leaks on this one (that I bought from amazon a few months ago) but the water quality is little better than tap water. I changed the filter. It still tastes like tap water. I am comparing it with another Brita pitcher. I JUST ordered another model and will give this one away to the Salvation Army. The second Brita pitcher I was defective when i got it and I had to return it to amazon and the new one works GREAT. I CANNOT recommend this model since I changed the filter ahead of time and the water is not up to quality (yes I washed it by hand). I can't dump on Brita since the other pitcher is great and that made me decide to order a different model. If you compare water quality one tastes like bottled water quality, the other tastes very much like tap. So with new filter I am figuring there is some kind of leak in the construction so a large amount of tap gets through. Whatever. I'm tossing it (too late to return it to Amazon).
Old Pyrex bakeware was made out of a glass called &#34;borosilicate&#34;, at some point Pyrex changed to a less expensive soda-lime glass. Soda-glass is used in all baking dishes and measuring cups. Pyrex states that soda-lime glass is more likely to break due to temperature changes but less likely to break when it dropped.I was pouring hot water into the cup to make jello when it shuttered. The cup is rated microwavable, but I guess it only works well when it is heated gradually. When I purchased the cup there was a peel off warning about heating oil in the cup, but nothing about pouring hot water.Hope this helps someone else to avoid the same mistake!Ali Julia review
I really liked this Pyrex measuring cup: Despite its large size it was rather easy to handle, the glass felt substantial and I was able to read the measurements on the side.The love affair ended abruptly when I actually tried to use it. I filled it with a quart of water to pour into a (wide-mouthed) container. Oh my - the water spilled everywhere - onto the counter top, down the lower cabinet doors and onto my wood floor. No matter how careful I tried to be, the Pyrex spilled right and left. I am actually thinking of returning this, it is completely unusable and I am not sure it would look that good as a vase either.
I have a lot of Pyrex in my kitchen, but this one had to go back.  The height of the cup was too short for effective mixing.  If I measure out some milk and need to mix in some eggs, I'd like to do that without worrying about splashing.  The Anchor measuring cup was more suitable for my needs.
The ergonomics of this peeler is disappointing. The cutting is sharp but I feel a traditional styled peeler is more effective. Don't buy just on how nice it looks, which it does succeed at.
It is very heavy.  And when it gets hot it smells.  I did follow the instructions, but it really did not work for me.
My fiancee and I bought this a few weeks ago with gift certificates from her shower. She was so estactic to be getting it. After three weeks we are returning it.It is a great idea.....whose time has not come yet. Even though it is second generation it has some severe limitations. First it really doesn't sense anything. It goes in circles to start and then when it bumps into things it changes course. It doesn't have enough horse power to go over rugs on a regular basis. Sometimes it makes it sometimes it doesn't. It really doesn't clean all that well. It leaves stuff a regular vaccum would get no problem.But the biggest thing is it is MORE of a hassle and MORE work than a regular vaccum which it makes it completly beside the point. It fills up its incredibly small dirt container quickly. And even when that doesn't fill, the brushes need to be cleaned and it breaks down to the red something is wrong light within 10 minutes of use every time. Now we don't have the cleanest house, nor the dirtiest. But good old fashion vaccums handle our house just perfectly. Haven't had to do anything but change bags or empty dirt containes for the last three years. With the Roomba I have spent more time vaccuming than ever because it is so tempermental.Now if you have big open rooms without rugs on the carpet I can see getting this...and liking it quite a bit. But if your living space had furniture and nooks and crannies and rugs and obstacles over a good portion of the floor space the Roomba is MORE work for vaccuming not less.If they get one with a MUCH better sensor and more horsepower for going up over rugs then its time will have come. Come back in a couple of years for the 4th or 5th generation Roombas. Until then, just buy a nice regular vaccum. It will save you time and effort and a lot of frustration. We both wanted to love this. But it is what it is.
First of all, I really should have considered the size more.  This is a small kettle.  I have a Bodum coffee/tea press, which I really love (see link below) but I have to fill the kettle each time before I fill the press.  I had a Bodum kettle as well, which held a lot more, but I didn't want to pay as much time time. . . and I kind of wish I had.In my opinion, there is one major design flaw with this kettle.  . .and that's the fact that when you open the lid, condensation (water) runs down the handle and sides.  I'm also afraid it's going to get into the removable power plug in the back also.  So I always make sure that I unplug it before filling, and hold it over the sink, and then wipe everything off really well.I must say that one thing I do like about it is that there is a "viewer" for the water level on each side so depending upon if you're right-handed. . . or left-handed. . . or how you're filling it. . . you'll always be able to see the level.  But with the condensation issue, I certainly would not purchase one again.Here's the link to the Bodum coffee/tea travel press.  They made a few different ones, but I like this one because it's more "heavy-duty" than their less-expensive model, and you can see through it, which you can't do in the stainless model.Bodum 16-Ounce Insulated Travel Coffee Press with Rubber Grip, Clear
I sent this electric kettle to my elderly parents but Dad was afraid to use it.  A month later, I visited them and demonstrated its use, praising the ease with which one can prepare coffee/tea/oatmeal in the mornings.  Less than 24 hours later, I put water in the kettle, plugged it in and attempted to boil water for tea. Nothing happened. I tried everything from changing to another outlet to removing and replacing both ends of the cord, opening and closing the lid, emptying and refilling the kettle. Nothing happened, no light, nothing at all.  Hamilton Beach instructed me to remove and cut off the cord, send them the plug with a check for $3.99, and throw out the kettle. Had this not been sitting in the box past the Amazon return deadline, there would be no issue and I would have returned the package and received a replacement from Amazon.After receiving the new kettle and using it now for some time, these are my findings.  It has a small footprint and removable power cable which is short enough to be used on a counter top but not from an outlet to a table.  It is rather lightweight and "cheap" in appearance and materials.  The lid needs to be firmly snapped into place to work.  The on/off toggle switch is flimsy and not clearly marked on/off; it lights up when it's on unless your unit isn't functioning.  Both units I've seen had little black dots embedded in the interior of the white plastic pitcher which is part of the plastic and not removable.  The clear water level is easy to see.  The plug must be very firmly attached to the pitcher to function.  The plastic smell and taste is as prevalent today as it was the initial time it was used to boil water with vinegar.  Water boils quickly and the device switches itself off.  Buildup is reduced by using filtered water.  The plastic becomes HOT, do not touch!I've given this Proctor Silex K2070 1 Quart Automatic Electric Kettle 2 stars because it does boil water and the cost is low if you don't have to pay for return shipping if yours does not work, and if you do not care that plastic is being heated as the water boils.  I would NOT recommend this product, however, because of the plastic smell/taste, the cheap quality, the questionable plastic which was used, and what I anticipate will be a very short shelf life.  If it proves to boil water next year, I'll update this review.
I bought one of these about 2 years ago.  The on/off switch has become unreliable.  I've used it, on average, twice a day for those 2 years.  A switch should last a lot longer than 800 throws.  Furthermore, I almost immediately wished I'd bought one that had a separate base that plugged into the wall.  That way I wouldn't have to unplug the the kettle before carrying it around to refill etc.  I guess now I get the chance to buy what I actually want.
In order to make ice cream with this contraption, you need to freeze the cylinder for 24 hours beforehand. If you have tons of room to spare in your freezer, you could store it there; then all you have to worry about is that everybody will like the same flavor, because once you've made one batch, you can't make another one for 24 hours...Considering you can purchase the equally inconvenientCuisinart ICE-20for much less, it's difficult to recommend this.A problem these systems have is that unless the ice cream mixture is refrigerated before use, they may not have enough cooling power to complete the freezing process, so instead of proper ice cream or sorbet you're left with pathetic-looking slush (hint: that may not be the best time to introduce your 5 year old to the joys of thermodynamics).If you're serious about ice cream, you should consider investing into a proper ice cream maker: one that has a built-in freezer unit. They have dramatically come down in price over the past few years. Check out the well reviewedLello 4070or, for larger batches, its big brother theLELLO 4090. The Kitchen Aid attachment is really more trouble than it's worth.
i received this item as a gift and used it a few times to make ice cream. After only a few use I noticed that the plastic attachment that hooks into the paddle/mixer cracked. It still works, but it looks like it could fail at any time. The bowl and mixer made good ice cream, but I just wasn't impressed that after only a few uses it broke. Normally KitchenAid is quality but in my case not so much on this one.Based on the other positive reviews though it sounds like my experience was a very limited occurance. Perhaps I just got a defective unit.
PLEASE SEE THE END OF MY REVIEW FOR UPDATED COMMENTS -- I'm leaving my original review as it was:I bought the EUREKA 71B HAND-HELD VACUUM mainly to clean two sets of carpeted stairs in my house (stairs are incredibly difficult using an upright vacuum).  It definitely does an excellent job -- powerful suction, tons of dirt and cat hair sucked up the first time I used it, and the stairs looked new and "fluffed up."Here are the positives:1.  Great suction -- both the crevice tool and the vacuum itself are powerful and effective2.  Easy to operate -- controls are clear and at your fingertips; crevice tool stores underneath and is easy to attach and use; dust cup is a cinch to remove and empty3.  The "Riser Visor" (which shifts down so the brush roller can more easily clean the vertical rise on stairs) is a neat feature -- definitely makes cleaning stairs easier4.  Small size makes storage easy, too -- I keep this on a shelf in my front hallNegatives:1.  It's heavy -- I expected it to be lighter, but it has a real heft to it (probably because of the serious motor it's got going on); it does give my arm a work-out!2.  Filter seems to attract dust and cat hair, so "emptying the cup" really means taking out the filter and peeling off the masses of dirt you are throwing away.  I actually find little if anything in the cup itself (unless I'm vacuuming up Cheerios or kibble) -- everything else collects around the white mesh filter.  This isn't a huge problem, but it does make the emptying process a bit more time-consuming.Overall, this is a powerful little machine that is a bear on carpeted stairs.  It works well on upholstered furniture, too (the amount of cat hair living in my sofas was AMAZING!).  The price here on Amazon is excellent, too -- I highly recommend this.UPDATE (10/25/2011):OK, after four uses (on carpeted stairs), the roller brush simply stopped working (apparently clogged with cat hair).  There are no instructions on how to take the thing apart to clean the brush (or even to replace the belt) -- so I was on my own.  Taking it apart is a total pain.  I got the screws out, but just getting to the brush roller required dismantling the entire thing.  I gave up when it became clear I would have no hope of putting it back together in working order.  So now it's pretty much useless.Additionally, cleaning that so-called "filter" is much more difficult than I at first thought.  It becomes clogged very quickly with fine dust/dirt, and the only way to clean it is to take it outside and use a blow dryer to blow off the mess (the instructions say NOT to use water or get the filter wet).  So dust blows all over the place and the filter is never really clean.This thing has terrific suction and it worked great the first few times I used it.  But without an easy way to clean the brush rollers it's not a good choice for those with pet hair, and the messy filter situation makes it less appealing for everyone else.  I reduced my rating to two stars (from four).  Too bad -- I thought I had found something that would really make cleaning chores easier, but this isn't it.  The low price isn't worth the frustration.
All clad, I read the words all clad and had stars in my eyes, all clad is beautiful and shiny and good quality, except when it isn't. The insert is ceramic, and was already gouged and chipped on the bottom when I removed it from the box, it was rough bottomed, I would not want to sit this on anything that could scratch. I went ahead and used it, the panel is nice, but the low setting is hot.. very hot.It has a 26 hour programmable timer, what food would I want sitting for 26 hours?The lid fit nice and snugly, the display is easy to read.It is also huge and heavy. Possibly the thick (though delicate) insert makes it even heavier.I like a nice long braise on food I cook in the slow cooker, this was boiling. The outer side is lovely, very shiny, but at the price point for this I expected the insert to be a lot more durable. As I brought it out it chipped some more. I am not waiting for it break with the food in it. They sell a metal or non stick insert, if one must have all clad maybe go with that insert.
The All-Clad 99009 Polished Stainless Steel 6.5quart Slow Cooker has a $179 MSRP so I was expecting that level of quality.  I have been using theSPT Zisha Slow Cookertypically twice per week for the last two years when I purchased it new from Amazon for $50 but it is currently selling for less than $40 with free shipping from Amazon.  Since the All-Clad costs 3-4 times more than my Zisha, I was expecting it to be 3-4 times better; however, even if I was offered both at the same price, I would pick the Zisha over the All-Clad 99009 every time.  Since the Zisha costs 75% less, it is a no brainer which one I would purchase.I don't have prior experience with All-Clad but heard it was a good brand made in the USA and that this 99009 is an exception to the standard quality because it is made in China instead but I don't know that for a fact, that is simply what I heard.Upon arrival, my 99009 was not D.O.A. (dead on arrival) but to me looked like something you pick up at the dollar store for under $10.  It actually reminds me in quality some of the one I had in my college dorm room that was the cheapest available at the time.  I recommend you save your money and consider the Zisha instead.
This is an adequate but not spectacular slow cooker.  Considering it is made by All Clad and carries a hefty price tag, I really expected a lot more from this product.  It really didn't deliver.  I would consider myself fairly well versed with slow cooking. I use a slow cooker at least twice a week.  Compared to the Hamilton Beach slow cooker that I have been using for years, this All Clad is far inferior.  One thing I didn't like about this is that you can't program this slow cooker for shorter periods of time.  It has a four hour minimum time but I have recipes that only cook for two hours.  I need to set a timer to use this which defeats the purpose of a programmable slow cooker.  This also doesn't come with a temperature probe which something this expensive should have.  My Hamilton Beach slow cooker cost 50 bucks and has a temperature probe and can be set for 30 minute intervals with no minimum.I would suggest passing on this one.
This is the fifth slow cooker I've owned so I feel I have a basis for comparison.  I've used it to make vegetable soup and beef brisket.  Both were cooked for eight hours and both turned out fine.  However, at this price point I would expect "amazing" rather than "adequate".  The devil is in the details and I found the details on the All-Clad 99009 to be disappointing.The first thing I noticed out of the box was that the inner crock was about half the thickness and weight of the $50Crock-Pot SCCPVC605-S 6-Quart Countdown Oval Slow Cooker with Dipper, Stainless SteelI bought last year at the local big box store.  The All-Clad lid is a lightweight affair which sits on top of the crock but doesn't have the Crock Pot's locking mechanism.  Since the lip of the All-Clad's inner crock also has uneven areas, there isn't a tight fit between the lid and the crock.The All-Clad's shiny stainless steel exterior remained cool to the touch near the unit's base, and gradually felt warmer going toward the top.  Closer to the lid the exterior felt painfully hot.  I've never owned a slow cooker with such noticeably uneven heat before.The All-Clad has a countdown timer, which is pretty and easy to operate - but then, so does the comparable Crock Pot.  And frankly, if the timer stopped working on either of them it wouldn't be much of a loss.  It's pretty easy to time slow cooker meals without a digital countdown.The All-Clad 99009 is merely okay.  It's certainly not a good value at more than three times the price of the Crock Pot version (which also comes with a smaller version for dips and snacks!).  Even if the All-Clad model was priced the same or slightly lower than the Crock Pot version, I'd still go with the similar Crock Pot, which feels like a more solid and better made unit.
I've heard so many great things about the All-Clad slow cooker from bloggers and review sites, so I was excited to try this cooker out. It is really pretty and ceramic, so it's seemingly sturdy. I don't think that I will be using this slow cooker much. The heat is unevenly distributed, so dishes don't have consistent results. Additionally, you can't program this slow cooker (unlike my $40 slow cookers from Hamilton Beech and my Crock Pot). Disappointed, but  hey, it does look stylishly good on the counter.
Being an Oxo product, I automatically expected much more from this grater.  I never grate large amounts of cheese, only what I will be using at the time, so the plastic box is of no advantage to me.  It is a pain to use and quite a bit of the cheese misses the box anyway, so I have to put something underneath it to catch it &#8230; that's what I have always done anyway, so the box was just something else to fiddle with and to wash.As for the grater itself, it is slender and doesn't stay in place as well as my old grater which is wider and firmer and does not move around.  As for the grating, for some reason it takes longer and takes more energy to grate a carrot or a potato on the larger hole. The small holes, which I used for grating an onion, were too small and took too long also.I will probably not be using it again nor would I recommend it.  I am returning to my old grater which performs so much better and I never should have doubted it in the first place.
This just stopped working today after just under two years of moderate use.  I've never had a microwave that died. They always just got passed along as we moved or our needs changed. It worked very well while we had it, but it certainly should last longer than two years.  I would consider it another one, but most buggy things die within 30 days.  This lasted long enough to prove it wasn't a bug, but likely just not built for the long haul.
I bought this after seeing rave reviews here, and I tried so hard to like it. Problem is, it was a piece of junk. All I can fathom is that maybe I got a lemon... I don't understand how my experience could be so different from just about everyone else's.To start, understand that I had new carpets when I bought this vacuum. That's a tough job for any vacuum, which is why I cut the Widebath some slack. My carpets were shedding and shedding and shedding for months. I thought that was the carpets' fault.I had to completely take apart and clean out the vacuum EVERY TIME I USED IT. The wand would be all clogged, the roller, the head, everything. I don't even mean that I just had to reach in and pull out some clogs... I mean I had to unscrew the darn thing and clean it every time. The suction was awful otherwise; it didn't pick up anything. Even when it was totally clean, suction was still only mediocre. I thought that would get better with time, as soon as the carpet situation calmed down.It never got better. My family members tried it and all told me they didn't understand why I didn't just buy a new vacuum. I told them about the fantastic reviews and how I was sure that once the carpet was broken in, the vacuum would stop clogging like this. I was wrong.After I got a Dyson, it took one use-- ONE-- to fix the shedding carpets. No clogs, no problems.I gave the Widepath to a family who needed a vacuum. I hope it did them some good. I couldn't live with myself if I had tried to resell it. It was that useless.
Bodum's double walled glasses looked interesting, as they are supposed to have benefits when used with either hot or cold beverages.  I doubted that they would work as advertised, and they were very expensive, but I decided to give them a try anyway.  While the design does work, the performance isn't that impressive.  These hand blown glasses are very, very fragile, and unfortunately are not worth the high cost.The double walled glass, is designed to prevent condensation when holding a chilled drink.  This it does very well, as the air gap inside the glass, serves as a pretty good insulator.  Ice melts in the glass at a slower rate than normal, which is generally a desirable thing.For hot liquids, the air gap insulation again works fairly well, as your drink will generally loose heat at a slower rate.  I didn't want to pour boiling hot liquids into the glass, because I didn't have confidence in the thin glass, so I tried liquids that were not quite that hot.  The glass is supposedly microwaveable, but again I was concerned about how much the glass could really take, so I limited exposure to shorter, lower power bursts, and results seemed to be fine.The main reason I would not recommend this glass is because it is too fragile.  I dropped a normal sized ice cube into the glass, and it cracked the bottom.  The cube fell only an inch or two, and had minimal momentum, but there was enough force to break the very thin glass at the very bottom.  This was not an abusive situation, so for the glass to break was very disappointing.Because the glasses felt so fragile, I took extra care not to expose them to stress.  I never stacked them, or put them on hooks in the dish rack, and yet in the most harmless situation, the glass still broke.  I'm being even more careful with my remaining glass, so hopefully it will last for a while.Too fragile, too expensive, and with average performance at best, I don't think I will be buying any Bodum products again.
We've owned several Dirt Devils over the past few years. While we've always been pleased with their performance, we've had repeated problems with the wall-mounted charger. Specifically, the thing falls off it at the slightest touch. That's why we've had to replace them over the years: after a few falls, the thing stops working. This Wet/Dry vac is no exception: the charger still doesn't hold the machine on tightly enough. Fortunately, we wised up and decided to keep the machine on a shelf instead of using the mount.As far as _this_ model's performance, it's okay. My son uses it after meals to vacuum crumbs under the kitchen table. It's great at picking up the bits of food my cats strew around their bowls. The ability to suction up spills seemed like it would be a fantastic addition, but that only works on soft surfaces (carpets, upholstery, etc.), not on hard surfaces like floors or counters, due to the position of the suction area.But, as the title indicates, it's awkward to use. You can see by the photo that the nose -- where the suction is -- is angled. You have to get that nose directly onto the floor. Sounds easy, but the way you have to hold the handle to accomplish this is strange. If you have carpal tunnel or arthritis problems, you will NOT like how that feels. I certainly don't.
This "wet/dry" handvac is a mixed blessing.  It has a charging dock that fits so tightly that it requires more effort than expected to disengage.  Its suction, for the voltage, is less than other similar products.  In its "wet" application, it does not beat a towel, etc. Reassembly after use is a challenge. As a "dry" vac, it can not keep up with its red dry-only counterpart.
From reading all the rave reviews of this jar opener, I thought it would work as well for me as it did for the other reviewers.  I was wrong.  This opener was as difficult to use as all of the other openers I have tried so the next one will be one that goes underneath my cabinet and has teeth.  Hopefully it will work!
Seeing that this Kuhn Rikon jar opener has glowing reviews, we decided to give it a try when we started to want a jar opener (who knew getting older means weaker wrists, ha). Unfortunately, perhaps due to the fact that we only need the jar opener for really tough jobs, it broke during the 4th use. To help you make your decision, I have uploaded a picture to show you what I consider to be a major design flaw: the three metal grippers are mounted onto the base with plastic, which becomes the weakest link. Oh well...
Was thrilled when I received this as a gift.After almost 2 years with it on my wine cabinet, charging occasionally and it not working to remove the cork every so often...(going in crooked, damaging the cork and requiring a certain kind of pressure...)I have decided that the standby plain old touted corkscrew is the one I am back to.As they say...simple and easy!
I really had high hopes for the Oster. We open a bottle of wine a day - sometimes more if we're having friends over. As a wine reviewer, I have numerous wine corkscrews and devices in my home to do this with. I have always searched for something easy and quick.This is a tall device - maybe a foot long - that you need to keep charged up. When you are ready to use it, you lower that cylinder over the wine cork and push a button. It draws the cork up and out of the bottle, fully removing it from the cork. Then you push the opposite button for the cork to eject from the device.It works well enough for a few runs - but then it quickly loses its traction. I have had this for a year now and keep hoping that it will start working again. It doesn't. The worm will go maybe halfway into a cork and then jam. It will stop turning. It works better with natural cork, and pretty much not at all for anything else.Also, because the worm goes all the way through the cork, it drills a hole straight through. First, this causes cork bits to eject out into the wine. Second, it means if you are planning on recorking the wine and storing it for later drinking, the wine will leak out unless you store it end-up.If you have dry or crumbling corks you're going to be in trouble. The usual two-prong remover is always going to work better in those solutions.I could see if you only drank "real cork" wine and only used this once a week or so that it might last you a while. If you were writing a review after a month of once-a-week usage you might think it was great. Unfortunately, if you are a more avid wine drinker, there are just too many situations where the device fails, and the worm wears down very quickly.Plus, the fact that you have to leave this plugged in all the time makes it an energy leach. In a world where we are all trying to cut down on the power we draw from the electrical system, and keep our cell phones and such unplugged when we can, to leave a corkscrew plugged in all the time seems very wasteful.I definitely recommend a Rabbit instead. It works VERY easily, draws the cork out in one easy pull, and requires no electricity at all.
I guess if you really want to save yourself some money and use less expensive coffee then is worth it. Although I do find it to be horribly messy , because once those grounds are wet they are tough to get out of the little filter basket. When I bought this item I figured that the newness of individual cups would wear off and I would want to go back to my old stand by coffee...I was wrong. The coffee from the K-Cups is just way more flavorful than my old brand.(And , again,I hate the clean up )
The main reason I bought this Imersion Hand Blender was to replace my old one with a plastic body.  I was extremely disapointed when I received my "Brushed Chrome" Blender only to find out the body is chrome colored plastic.  Upon reviewing the item description, it does say in the fine print "This Brushed Chrome SmartStick Hand Blender is made from ABS housing".  Well in my book Chrome is metal and ABS is plastic.  The only things I like about this blender are that you can remove the shaft assembly for cleaning and the motor is pretty powerful.
First of all, great product to use.  Powerful, easy, everything you want.  HOWEVER, mine broke after four months of use in our house.  (Too late to return to Amazon).  Nothing commercial, nothing harsh.  The "Limited Three Year Warranty" requires that I send the unit back to Cuisinart along with $10.00 for "handling."  When you figure all the cost involved, its just about as cheap to replace as to use the "warranty". I will be choosing another brand for replacement and hope that either their product is more durable or their warranty isn't as poor.
This is a great machine - but only when it's working properly. I've had to return two units to the store I bought them from (luckily they (starts with "C" and ends with "ostco") have a GREAT return policy). The two units eventually stopped working right and couldn't pump out the water or the right amount of water... and yes, I did try descaling them. The last one that I just returned today was descaled TWICE to try to get it back into working order, and each time I went much further than the descaling instructions called for... not only that, I always used filtered water to begin with.Even the new one I replaced it with seems like it is not working perfectly as it still seems to struggle to get the water out or get the right amount of water out. We'll see... I'll give it 6-9 months of life before I probably have to return it too.So I only feel comfortable giving this unit 2 stars because of the reliability problems I've had with them.It's interesting to note too, that although it's the same model ("B70"), they've made some "improvements" in the versions I've had... like supporting an additional cup size (added when I returned my 1st unit) and now a bigger water reservoir but they still call it the "B70". I'm not sure if I like the bigger reservoir as it seems a bit large, taking up more space, but I do like its new lid design where the front of the lid flips open so you can easily add water and then flip it back closed. Now if only they could improve the reliability.
We could not have been happier in the first two weeks of owning this unit - it's fast, easy to use, and makes a pretty decent cup of coffee. During that time, I decided to donate my other brew coffee machine to the Salvation Army since I just knew I wouldn't need it. In fact, I was so happy, I bought my parents one as a Christmas present too.Whoops.By New Year's Day, the machine started exhibiting faults, where it refused to draw water from the water tank and shut itself off. With no signs of an airlock or blockage, it had all the hallmarks of a software problem with the unit. I searched online and the forums had many disgruntled users with the same problem and no solution other than a replacement.Next, my parents' unit blew up with a similar problem. Their machine seemed to take up to five minutes to heat up a cup of water, even though it was fine originally (normally takes about 45-60 seconds). They called Keurig and have received a replacement unit.By the time I called Keurig, their tech department is so overloaded with calls that they're now quoting a two business day response time, after being kept on hold for some period. I'm still waiting for that call back, but I suspect this machine may be finding its way back to the returns department at Costco.Overall, I wish Keurig would fix the clear quality problems they're having and - failing that - fix the technical service. Leaving customers without coffee, especially those who discarded their old machines, just makes them kind of difficult and touchy, especially before noon.
... because I love my Keurig. It's a fantastic idea, and when it works it works extremely well.When it works.I am on my third replacement machine from Keurig (that's four machines). They work well for a while, six months to a year. Then they stop. Press the button and the machine gurgles and dribbles.We've done everything that Keurtg recommended. De-scaled the machine regularly. Cleaned those annoyingly placed water channels. Stood on our heads and chanted mystical words while the coffee was brewing. They help. But eventually, the machine stops working.This morning it stopped again. Nothing but gurgle and dribble. There is some bad engineering in that system somewhere. I don't know how Keurig stays in business with the number of machines they have to replaee.You know the old saying: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me four times, I must be a complete idiot." Or to paraphrase The Who: "Meet the new machine, same as the old machine. Don't get fooled again."I love my Keurig. But I'm sitting here again with no coffee. It's time to look for something different.The thing that really makes me mad is the timing. I ordered five 50-cup boxes from Amazon yesterday. They'll be here tomorrow. I think I'll give them to one of my friends. He's on his fourth Keurig too.
I wore this while walking around the National Mall on a not-too-hot-or-humid-by-DC-standards summer morning (high temp was around 85). I also let the others in my group try it out for a bit. The consensus was, they work, for a bit. Maybe 20-30 minutes. While they're working, it really does feel great. We &#34;recharged&#34; it several times in ice cold water, but still, it didn't last. We even tried different body parts in case our necks had just gotten used to them. All to no avail. It works by evaporation, so on humid days (and the day I used it wasn't humid at all), it's not going to do anything for you.It is also very cheaply made. The stitching is a visible overlock stitch that looks like it was sewn by a middle-school home ec student. This cheap appearance could've been avoided simply by turning the tube inside out. It's also pretty narrow. The description claims it's two inches wide, but I measured it and it was more like 1 1/4 inches. The material, while obviously cheap, isn't scratchy, so that's a small plus.
We are having a beastly hot and humid July here at the beach where I live, and I have to be out in it several times a day to walk my dog. I figured this Cool Downz bandana-type product would help dramatically to keep me cooled down on my walks. Not so much.The first time I used my star-spangled Cool Downz, on July 4th, I soaked it in water as per the instructions, the crystals inside it puffed way up, I (attempted to) wring it out and I put it around my neck. This was the only time I can say I truly felt the cooling benefit of the product, and even then for a very short time. I took it off within a short while of putting it on.The second time (a day or two later), the crystals had shrunk back down, so I just dunked in water briefly and put it in the fridge for a good while. If someone else had done this without telling me, I would not have been able to notice a difference. Hard to imagine that something was in the fridge overnight and I couldn't tell the difference in cooling!The third time (a week or so later), I soaked in water overnight. I again did my best to wring it out and tied it to my backpack strap to go off to the beach. By the time I got to the beach and put it on, there was very little cooling effect.I see almost no difference between using this 7 dollar product and using a wet paper towel or regular bandana.Conclusions:1. There is no way for customers to choose the color or pattern you want when ordering from Amazon. I took off a 1/2 star for that because I think that is just stupid. People want to know that they're not getting some putrid color or loud pattern.2. It looks cheap and tacky. I sew, so I know how easy a prospect it would be to turn the &#34;tube&#34; of fabric inside out so that the stitching of the seams would be on the inside vs. the outside. External stitching makes it look like a craft project. Minus 1/2 star.3. It doesn't stay cool long, even when put in the refrigerator. Major fail. Took off 2 stars as that is its primary purpose!4. Once it is soaked in water and the crystals swell, it is next to impossible to wring the water out. As a result, whatever shirt you're wearing gets and stays wet the whole time you're wearing the Cool Downz product.5. If you're not super careful with how you store it, the product takes on a musty/mildewy smell (as mine has).6. The washing instructions say hand wash ONLY, which is understandable given that it is filled with these crystals. But for something that has been around my sweaty head or neck and now smells musty, I really wish I could wash it more thoroughly.It's not so bad that I'm going to throw it away, but it's not so good that I am motivated to wear it regularly, despite the heat.
I should have just went with a traditional pastry brush, but I decided to go with today's latest advancements in kitchenware and try this silicone brush out. It will apply onto a pastry but it tugs the surface and doesn't apply anywhere close to evenly, nor does it hold liquids very well.
I received this kettle yesterday. The metal components look very nice, and the quality of the actual plastic used is good, but the quality of the plastic moldings is distinctly second-rate, with a mottled, uneven surface, occasional sharp edges, and poor fit. Opening and closing the lid is unpleasantly rough, and the decalcification filter is crudely made and difficult to insert.Time to boil of a filled kettle is decent, though it is slightly noisier than the (many, many - I'm British) other electric kettles I've had experience with.One helpful suggestion here: if you'd like to vastly amuse your family by turning your kitchen into an episode of "I Love Lucy", simply combine the initial "washing with detergent" with the initial "boil a full kettle of water and discard" procedure by putting even just a FEW drops of detergent in the water you're about to boil. Keep multiple mops and rolls of paper towels at the ready, and perhaps a camera or two.I wasn't looking for an  excellent kettle: just a cheap tea kettle that did the job, so that I could keep it in a work environment where nice equipment has been known to sprout legs. This kettle actually looks a little too good for that role. (I was even planning to label it: "Proper tea of Steve Foster".)But the one that was delivered leaks, badly. And the source of the leak should concern you. The bottom handle bolt is a "thru-hull" fitting with the securing nut inside the kettle: a very poor design that makes the kettle susceptible to leaking sooner or later, as the metals expand and contract. I could probably endlessly fix it with an occasional dose of silicone, but it would never be a permanent fix, so I'll return it and select something else.
I wanted to put one picture on the wall in a place where it would likely be moved to put two more beside it, so not a permanent placement.  The picture weighs 2.1 pounds and since this product claims to hold up to 12 pounds, it seemed like it should work.It stayed, initially.  A few days later, I heard a crash upstairs, and as usual in my house, whenever anything falls, the cats run, the dogs chase them, other things fall, and every one ends up looking at me.I don't know how they could blame me.  I was downstairs at the time of said incident.
This looked like a great design, but after a few days of use I noticed an alcoholic smell. There was black gunk where the lid screws in, hard to reach. Soaked it in bleach and that was OK, but after using it more, and trying to clean inside the lid under that contraption, I decided to try soaking it in vinegar. After a day, I still noticed some gunk in the lid. So I took it to a WaterPik.And there was a LOT of black gunk coming out of that lid.I appreciate all the cleaning tips, but even with a WaterPik I'm not sure I'm getting all of it, since I can't see under that lid thingy. I'm looking to return this.On the plus side, it's pretty leakproof.
(I bought this throw over two years ago and did not own it for even two weeks. I wrote my review in 2009 when I had the poorly made item.)I ordered this throw in the red color. I usually do not like red but with the holidays coming up I noticed a lot of my flannel and winter bedding seems to have red in it so I wanted this as a throw at the foot of the bed. I will say out of the box it is probably the best material I have felt! It is so soft! I washed it as instructed immediately so I could place it on the bed. I never have understood why people buy bedding and complain about static but then mention they never washed the item. I wash everything I bring in the house. I know it was not laundered before being placed in the bag. I washed it according to instructions and added some liquid fabric softener since the air is dry. I then fluffed it lightly in the dryer. It came out just as soft as when I opened it, but clean! I noticed the white fabric softener sheet I used was completely red so keep in mind to obviously wash alone and that there is a lot of dye in this throw. I placed it on the bed and it looks great! I have noticed it does shed though. I know I have it against my flannel duvet and that will pull more but anything you place on it gets red particles on it, other than that I LOVE the material, washes great, and looks beautiful on the bed!UPDATE November, 2009: After using it on another bedding set and washing it again the shedding was too much. It might only be the red throw. I am giving this to Salvation Army. Not worth the mess.
I'm a big fan of clothes steamers.  (Living in DC there's not usually much else to root for.)  For example, I've owned theJ-2000 Garment Steamerfor over 10 years.  In fact, since August 29th, 2004 ('cause that's when Amazon says I bought it.Granted, it is more expensive than the one but it has lasted a very long time and as we compare features, maybe you'll see why I think purchasing this Rowenta Compact steamer may not be worth the savings.  Also, you may find that other "non-compact" steamers share some of the excellent qualities as the J-2000.  Finally, it's that I'm familiar with from years of use.This steamer is lighter (at least when it's empty), looks and feels flimsier, and has a hose that is not as rugged as the admittedly more expensive model.- Compact as it is, both steamers have about the same "footprint".  There may not be any savings in floor space depending on how you store it.- With my full-sized steamer I don't have to wind the hose when I'm done.  All I do is drape it over the built-in hanger.- There are two ways to fill this steamer, either take the whole steamer to a sink (after unplugging it and disconnecting the hose) or bring a pitcher to it and try not to spill water on my floor when I'm filling it.  By contrast, o refill my full sized steamer I lift out the water tank, carry it to a sink, fill it, and set it back in the steamer.- To move this steamer from one place to another I have to pick and carry it.  I can either wrestle with the hose, make two trips, or wind the hose around the steamer while I'm carrying it.  Full sized steamers typically have wheels and a stand to hook the hose while I'm rolling it around.- To use this steamer I need to hang clothes over a door and also use the included door hook to hold the steam hose if I want to do anything while the steamer is on.  The steam hose is sending out steam all the while.  In either case, while steaming or doing something else, I need to be careful that the steam does not damage my door.- This steamer takes about three times as long to heat up as my Jiffy steamer and seems to put out less steam.  The Jiffy steamer is rated at fewer watts (1300 as opposed to 1400).
This worked beautifully for a year and 1 month. It made light, fluffy waffles very quickly. The timer stopped working about 5 months ago, then today when I pulled it out to make waffles again (I just made them 2 weekends ago) it wouldn't heat up. Tried different outlets just be to sure, but nope, no light, no heat. Now I have to find a new waffle iron, and I really can't afford to buy a new one every year!
Ok lets start out with this. I have had seven roombas. From the simple red ones to the more advanced 560, the scooba, and I now have the 650. One thing you can count on with irobot is the higher the model number the higher the price and yes features. I feel there comes a point when the features get in the way of the product and we may be approaching that timeline.The red simple models are great. Do they pickup everything, no. Are they pretty reliable, yes. I have one that is five or six years old and all I have done is replace the battery. One other red one just went insane and died after two years.The scooba... well that was just a mess. It tried hard but could tell even when new it was just waiting to freak out and break down. Gave it away couldnt face the future loss as you do tend to get attached to them slinking around the house.The 560 was a complete dog. It started having nervous issues after only two months then the battery went. Replaced battery then all the warning issues began. This one talks to you so she was always telling me her problems and what she needed and what she cant do. Im guessing just like a real maid that is high strung and bad temperament. Dead with the fatal error code 3 AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! Well that was three hundred bucks I will never see again. (insert sound of toilet flush).So it looks like all the new models die just after the warranty is up by a few days. So now I have three dead ones the others were trashed. The quality does not seem to be improving as fast as the complications. The more advanced the higher the chance of failure.The newest model, 650,  is a little heavier than the 560 here that I have (may she rest in peace). Everything about the 560 is the same as the 650. The 650 has better hair pickup than the 560 and a few more bells and whistles but it should for four hundred dollars. With the reliability track record I dont think i would spend he dinero on a 650 and just get a working 560. Find it on sale if you must. Just not comfortable with the longevity any more and customer service at irobot while friendly is not much help. There are lots of forums that will help you trouble shoot your issues. Maybe too many.My 650 so far its working as intended. We shall see how long it lasts. Old red roomba and 560 sitting in garage awaiting burial. Still have one red going strong just had to replace the battery. (ebay seems to be about the best deal for batteries, sometimes an Amazon seller has some at a good price, its all timing.)In the end I think irobot should FOCUS on making them better vacuums and less on new features and gimmicks. They could do it if they want to, and make them less complicated so they will last longer. As always if you have any questions just ask me.
Wrapped securely in giant bubble wrap, in a box within a box, she, my Bodum Chocolatiere, rested comfortably in a packaged womb as she found her way into my home. Her curves were undeniable, more svelte than the chocolate jugs made for ordinary use, bringing me hope. My use, though, was not plebeian.Ground chocolate. Sugar. 2% milk. Vanilla. Filtered water. Heavy whipping cream. These were the ingredients of pleasure. These were to join as an elixir of morning ecstasy. These were what God designed, and what I would mix.Mechanically, as I swished the plunger, all blended, but inefficiently. Chocolate powder remained at the bottom, unreached by the swirl liquid. At the top, other problems ensued: partially harmonized flavors pulled out with the plunger. All grace was lost as hot chocolate spilt upon my counter.Though my struggle was true, my recipe was sure, and so, when all was meted generously between my Monday brunch guest and I, we enjoyed.Was a better method of preparation available? Could the spillage be averted through a careful and exact portioning of ingredients? This I will not know. While drawing water to rinse, she clashed with a favorite coffee mug (Fiestaware White 149 18-Ounce Jumbo Cups, Set of 4) and left this world in several pieces.Hot chocolate deserves to made with ease, and the Bodum Chocolatiere was not easy. Her virtue was her sophistication, but her vice was her fragility. She was beautiful to see, but not sturdy enough to love me back. There are better ways to make the hot chocolate you need.--Brockeim
First, let me say that I'm a HUGE fan of Bodum products.  I have twoBodum Chambord 12-Cup/48-Ounce Coffee Makerpresses that I use in two locations EVERY DAY, and they are wonderful, sturdy, and make the best cups of coffee I can make.This chocolatiere does a decent job of mixing, and the mixing approach is quite novel and ingenious, but there's just no way that the little propeller can get all of the chocolate -- whether powdered or solid -- mixed in.  You always get residue on the bottom that's wasted, and if you try to open the device to add more milk or to stir/scrape with a spoon, you make a real mess with dripping chocolate everywhere.I think the picture is a bit deceptive too -- as others have pointed out, they must have pumped that chocolate for an EXTREMELY long time to get that amount of froth on the top.It's solid in construction, but I'm not sure how long the rubber-like rim on the cap will last when exposed to the dishwasher, and that rim is necessary to keep the churning chocolate from flying out the top.It's a clever idea, but I think chocolate can only be mixed well with something like a whisk actually hitting the bottom of the pot/jar/container.  If they'd redesign that element, I think they'd have a winner.
When my husband picked up these knives he noticed two things. 1) the box is plastic, not wooden and 2) they look like saws.  I thought he was overreacting, so I proceeded to use them on chicken.  I literally felt like I was using a saw with big teeth.I have a saw with really tiny teeth--it is so much easier to use than the saws we have with big teeth.  The same applies to these knives.  We have a set of steak knives with tiny teeth in a single edge.  The knives in this set are both serrated and scalloped (large scallops), so they are never meant to be sharpened nor to hold a sharp edge.  They depend on the scalloping and saw motion to be able to cut.  When I use the knives we have, it feels like using a fine saw.  The movement isn't jarring, but smooth.  When I used the Pinzon knife, I felt like I was sawing through the chicken rather than cutting it.The goal in cooking is to make whatever you are cooking tender--not tough enough to need one of these knives.  A steak does need a steak knife to cut it, but not one that's going to rip through it in order to cut it.  We have found that the America's Test Kitchen Family Cookbook has great cooking advice about steaks and other meats as well James Peterson's Cooking or Essentials of Cooking.  these cookbooks helped us learn a lot about how to cook our chicken and beef properly so that it won't be tough and what temperature to cook it to, so that we don't need such a rough knife to cut it.I don't recommend these knives.  I think it would be wiser to invest J.A. Henckels International 4-Piece Prime Steak Set or to spend a little more and buy something like W&uuml;sthof 8-Piece Stainless-Steel Steak Knife Set with Wooden Gift Box.  The second set is a good example of a knife with little teeth.  I noticed in looking at the various knife sets that the trend is towards both a serrated and scalloped edge on the knives, but the larger the scallops, I believe, the rougher the sawing action.
The Hamilton Beach 22502 Digital 2-Slice Toaster replaces a 3 year old Hamilton Beach basic model that finally gave up on us.  Basically, we just needed something that would make toast and last awhile.It is nice looking, but as with all Stainless Steel finishes, is very prone to finger prints/grease and over time can end up looking downright dingy.  It is advertised as "smudge proof" but this remains to be seen.**** EDIT 10-13-13-  Ok, I have to say the finish is amazing and has yet to smudge! Can't fault it and wish to heck my Stainless Fridge would behave the same way!I am not in the camp of "everything digital is good"......  Basically I view the little electronic control panel on this thing as gimmicky and unnecessary when a regular analog knob (for toast color) would do just as well and not be subject to heat induced failure.Also, as some have noted, certain bread items do not pop up high enough to easily remove. A case in point are English muffins. They do NOT stick up higher than the  toaster after popping up. NOT GOOD.......  Also, we have had varied results using the same exact bread items and the same toaster temp number.  For instance I have had everything from "slightly burned" to "under toasted" when using "5".Consistency in a toaster is a much desired quality and so far this particular Hamilton Beach item does not measure up to it's less expensive cousin it replaced. I would prefer getting the same results with every use as long as the bread and temp selector settings are the same.The single BEST feature I have found is the "cancel" button.  If you need to pop up your toast quick, this works wonders. So much better than unplugging the unit or forcing up the lever when you smell smoke and need to end things quickly!  More toasters could use one of THOSE!IF this lasts as long as our last Hamilton Beach (3 years plus) then I will be mostly satisfied, but honestly I am not all that optimistic about that happening.  Putting the control board right next to one of the elements may or may not prove to be problematic.  If this becomes "DOA" in the next year I will post again.Basically I can't full recommend something that makes me go into a hot toaster and reach for my English Muffins.
I thought these were a good value; lots of measuring cups and spoons for a reasonable price.Unfortunately, the plastic is too brittle, and the handles began to snap off shortly after we got them during normal use (and no, we were not scooping hardened brown sugar).Also it proved hard to find the size I needed; if I needed 1/2 cup I would usually find the 2/3 or 3/4 first and end up estimating.  There were just too many to keep neatly stacked or find the right one.  It looks like a LOT of sizes in the drawer.  Sometimes I'd go through 3 to 4 of them before realizing the one I needed was dirty.  However, I did like a couple of the larger cups, esp. 1 1/2 and 2 cups.  We kept those for a while even without the handles.Two years later, only a couple of odd-sized cups and spoons are left intact.  Our Trudeau sets purchased in 2005 lasted far longer; in fact we still have several of the measuring cups in good condition:Trudeau 5-Piece Measuring-Cup SetandTrudeau 099-887 Measuring Spoons, 5 Piece; unfortunately they now cost much more than they did then.So now we've moved on to this much more durable (but expensive) set of measuring cups:OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design.I would recommend any of those over this Progressive set, unless you really prefer all the different sizes and don't mind using them without handles.
I started looking for something to replace myCrock-Potafter the lid cracked. Normally, I'd just buy a new lid, but I didn't like the idea of paying half the cost of a new Crock Pot to buy a lid for one that was several years old.I stumbled across this, and liked the idea of having a probe, as well as the snaps that keep the top on. It's pretty rare that I'm taking food anywhere, but when I do, that's a great feature. I even thought the spoon holder was a cool idea.Unboxing and setting it up was nothing unusual, but I immediately noticed that one of the retaining clips wouldn't stay properly seated in the assembly. This made it difficult to line up, and in lining it up many times, I realized that the materials were pretty cheap, rough, and basically of low quality.Actually making something was reasonably straightforward, though for reasons absolutely beyond me, Hamilton Beach seems to think that people really like harsh beeping noises. Want to change from High to Low? BEEEEEP! From Low to Warm? BEEEEEP! This happened a lot, because the difference between "Low" and "High" on this model is closer to "Is it on?" and "Boiling".And... even the spoon was disappointing. It didn't quite fit on the lid, and instead of making a mess on my counter, made a mess on the lid. (Yeah, yeah, I understand how gravity works.)If I had never used a real Crock Pot, this would probably seem okay to me. But for basically the same price, you can get a nicer Crock Pot that looks similar, has more consistent temperature, and is of much higher quality.
I've owned this slow cooker for about 4 months now. I've used it about 12 times. Had I reviewed this a couple months ago, it would have been a glowing 5 star review. However, due to what's happened this very evening, I no longer have such confidence it this item.Today is probably about the 12th or so time I've used this. I'm making pot roast, which I've made MANY times before, in this very slow cooker. I have it plugged into the same outlet on my kitchen counter that I ALWAYS plug it into. At 10:30 this morning I set it to cook for 9 hours on low. I set it the same way I always do, yet today, the machine randomly shut itself off. When? I have no clue! About 2:30pm I went out there to get a drink, happened to glance at the cooker and saw it was completely off! What the $@&#?! So...I set it AGAIN, this time for 6 hours on low. Just went out to the kitchen (it's now 6:30pm) and it was AGAIN shut off!!Before purchasing this, I came here to Amazon and read all the reviews. I saw the reviews where people said theirs had shut off while cooking, but there were SO MANY positive reviews that I figured maybe they just had faulty units. I REALLY wish I had listened. I'm a stay at home mom, so on days I decide to use this, I have the luxury of being able to periodically make sure the cooker is still on (something I should NOT have to do!!!), however for those who set this then leave for work, they have to just HOPE the thing stays on. Well folks, hope isn't gonna cook your dinner. I say STAY AWAY! This thing worked beautifully for 4 months, then all of a sudden decided to crap out on me. Not sure why, but for the cost, I expected to get MUCH more then 4 months of use. VERY disappointing.
This toaster oven is an improvement on what you might buy for $25, and it has attractive styling. However, it's no competition for higher-end (but similar looking) convection ovens, like the superbBreville BOV800XL The Smart Oven 1800-Watt Convection Toaster Oven with Element IQwhich costs over $2 hundred. With poor shielding, expect your food to be burned when it's close to the heating elements. On this Cuisinart, the knobs are analog -- you twist them, and they tick like a timer; whereas on the Breville, the knobs are all digital.
yeah, I like Dirt Devil in general. Some company names create a reaction of horror and disgust, DD isn't one of them. I have warm fuzzies, I have a canister Vac from them I like, they make good stick vacuums. So I figured I'd love this vacuum too, boy was I wrong. This is the black sheep of the Dirt Devil family, the one that will probably be "he who shall not be named" in a year or two.Assembly was pretty easy, a few random cords that had to be plugged in the base and the head, no big deal. As others have mentioned the cord from the wall to the machine is short, with no red danger line (despite what the manual says) to tell me I'm in the danger zone. I can deal with that. The entire back of my house is one huge open rectangle, so I am used to having to plug, unplug, plug back in. Nope, it's the twisty slinky uncooperative front hose connection that I have issues with. I am vacuuming away and it is twisting, going it's own way. I had hoped a little time would relax it but no...it has a mind of it's own and apparently it hates me.The power head is small, nice for fitting under furniture, but for a compact unit it is really hard to push. The vacuum does not glide smoothly (and yes, I had the power head turned on, I checked), it just clings to the rug and I have to PUSH.. it's quite the work out. I don't have an especially plush carpet, especially my large area rug.Of course, having to push and push and pull and push five or six times over the same area, giving up, bending over, picking up the darn fuzz, tossing it at the vacuum like an offering to an angry omniscient being and praying it will accept the fuzz doesn't help the overall experience.The canister weighed in at a hefty 15 lbs (compared to 11 for the Dirt Devil I like) 4 lbs might not sound like a huge difference but when you're carrying it around trying to vacuum the corners, picture tops, ceiling webs, going up the stairs, etc, fighting with the twisty hose, it actually does make a difference after awhile.Okay, time to try the attachments. Again, taking off the power head and putting on the attachments is easy, but then again I have to fight the hose. I am trying to get this spider web -darnit, but the hose wants that curtain! Now, I can turn down the power so that when I vacuum the curtain, lamp shade etc the vacuum doesn't eat it (it rejected the offering of fuzz also) but this vacuum just isn't worth fighting with.  The suction sucks, the hose has a mind of it's own, and for a company I really like this Visio is a misstep. The color is pretty though.Dirt Devil Power Reach Multi-Cyclonic Canister  - SD40030is a better option if you want a dirt devil.
I have 2 cats, one is a long-haired. Long or short, this vac doesn't pick up the cat hair or cat litter, even on the maximum motor speed setting. (However, the motor speed setting is the ONE feature I do like - you can turn it down low to vacuum throw rugs and drapes and it won't suck them into the nozzle).The cord is slightly over 14 feet long which necessitates moving the plug to different outlets for one vacuuming job.I constantly fight the hose, I tried uncurling it and it wants to go the opposite direction I want to go in. The canister part didn't want to follow me, it was constantly running into the walls, etc. I guess that's typical of canister-models and the reason I prefer an upright.You can extend the wand out to do ceilings, but if you have taller ceilings and you are short, forget it. I am 5'3", and I couldn't reach the 10-1/2' vaulted ceiling in my living room. Plus the extension wand/handle/hose attachments are heavy and wear out your arms if you are holding them overhead to do ceilings for any length of time.It's a pain to empty also, you have to unhook the main hose to reach the dirt cup. I think I'll stick with my upright vacuum; after using the Vision I felt like I had an aerobic workout.
The good thing about this microwave is that it's a relatively solid build, high wattage microwave, with a pleasing stainless/grey appearance. The downside is that the oven is not useful for serious cooking (only one heating element on top). A standalone convection oven (Breville BOV800XL Smart Oven 1800-Watt Convection Toaster Oven with Element IQ) is around the same price, and a much better oven. This oven heats only from the top, and takes a long time to heat.I used to have a cheap microwave next to my Breville BOV800XL, and that was a great combination. I'll continue to use my Breville for baking. And use this microwave to boil water.
I've never had a filtration pitcher before, and have wanted to try one for a while. I hate the taste of tap water and this pitcher does filter good tasting water-- not as good as purified bottled water, but much better than tap. It's good enough that I would have made the trade-off from bottled water to the ZeroWater pitcher if it didn't seem to have so many flaws.First, the electronic meter that comes with it to test the purity of the water either is inaccurate, I have extremely dirty water, or the filter is not as good as they claim. I could never get filtered water less than .009, let alone the maximum .006 that the instructions suggest. This was on the first 3 or 4 tries, when the filter was fresh and brand new.The reservoir on top where you pour the water to be filtered is small, and you have to fill it 3 or 4 times to get a full pitcher. It takes a while to cycle through, and when the pitcher is full, you still don't have that much water to drink. For a family you'd need 3 or 4 pitchers to keep up, plus the time to stand around filling them.Finally, the replacement filters are entirely too expensive, and I can see going through them at a rate that would be far more expensive than buying bottled or distilled water. Buying a couple of gallons of distilled water each week may seem more tedious, but it will be much easier on your wallet.The pitcher filters water well, but I won't be purchasing replacement filters for it to use it again due to expense and the other reasons listed above. It does the job, but it's not a good value by any means.
I bought this several months ago at a local store and ended up paying under a hundred dollars for it, and I absolutely love it.  This is the first rug cleaner I have owned.  I used to rent machines and since I live in a rural area the price of gas was making this an expensive project.  When you rent, they always sell you shampoo too and I thought I needed it.  I recently learned that you don't really need to add anything to the hot water.  If you like, a little bit of white vinegar gives a really clean scent to your room and will help remove stains.  I cleaned an old carpet in a bedroom that has become a storeroom and it looks brand new, even the old stains came out.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that this machine will last a few years after reading other reviews.Update:  12/14/13 --- Loved this machine while it worked.  After having it two years, the pump has quit.  I know this has become a throwaway world, but when I buy something like this, I expect it to last more than two years.
This Bissell carpet cleaner is a well-designed, reasonably priced model that does what it's supposed to do.  It took me only about ten minutes to assemble it--four screws, you supply the Phillips-head screwdriver. You fill a container with hot water, and add some cleaning fluid.  It comes with a trial size of Bissell deep cleaner, but it's only enough for maybe 200 square feet, so you'll need to buy some before you start.  The container that holds the water is easy enough to figure out, and there's a measuring cup attached to the lid so you don't have to guess how much cleaning fluid to add, or hunt for a measuring cup.There's a spot cleaner attachment on the end of hose, which is handy if you just want to work on a small stain, or maybe upholstery or stairs.  The attachment relies on your elbow grease to scrub the stain, unlike a similar Hoover machine I've used which has an attachment with its own spinning brush head.  But it works.I find it does a decent job cleaning my carpet, although despite being methodical and careful, overlapping and even going over the same area at a 90 degree angle, and cleaning the machine after every use, I almost always get streaks of clean and not-so-clean areas.  That didn't happen with the Hoover, and it's a problem.Another major limitation of this model is the size of water tank.  I get 30 to 40 square feet before the water runs out.  If you're only doing a hallway or a small room, that's not too bad: you may have to fill up three times.  But if you have three rooms to clean, each 20 feet square, that's 1,200 square feet.  Doing the math, you'll have to refill THIRTY to FORTY times!  And the brush head is relatively narrow, too, so you can't cover a lot of ground with each pass.So consider how much you're likely to want to clean at one time.  There are other machines available that have larger capacities and wider heads.  But for small jobs at a reasonable price, this one works.UPDATE: After two years, it stopped squirting water. I took it apart piece by piece to clear out any blockage but found none. I continued to use the hand tool for another couple of months until it, too, quit.  I think the pump gave out, which shouldn't happen in two years of occasional use, and I wasn't willing to invest in finding out and getting it replaced. I bought a Hoover.
If any knives in your knife set have the blade even with the handle, you won't be able to sharpen about 1" of the blade next to the handle.  Other than that, this sharpener has some nice features.  The vacuum mount makes it a breeze to use.  If your knives are in good shape, the 3 to 4 strokes the product claims to work is correct.  If you are the typical person (like me at times) who never gets around to sharpening, your first time may take dozens of strokes.  Just don't put too much pressure on.
Like many of the reviewers here, I have been a long time user of FoodSaver products, at least 20 years. I've pitched them to friends, neighbors, and relatives. I've learned the various "tricks" to successful vacuum sealing. So when I got the opportunity to try the V3835 I jumped on it. I even read all the directions before I used it, even tho I've used one for years.The idea for this device is good, but poorly executed. I sincerely think that the people who designed it have never used in a real world kitchen. I have limited counter space and can't leave it near food prep area, but move it frequently. This is where some of the design shortcomings are evident.Let's start with the shape. It is pointy and slippery so you need to use two hands to move it. A handle or hand grip molded into the back would have been a good idea.Putting the power cord recessed into the bottom is the next drawback. To use the cord you have to place it on to its curved, tippy front, dig the cord out of its tight nook and press it into the small notch on the back. The challenge when you're done with it is to get the cord back in and wrap the plug in a way it won't fall out before you get it back upright. Even Mrs. Boilermate, who is a lot more dexterous and has smaller hands, has trouble with this. A cord wrap on the back would have been more practical.The canister hose is retracted into the machine on a reel. Another good idea. It can't get lost and is always handy...if you can get it out. It is on the lower right side at counter level. The "knob" you grip to pull it out small, smooth, slippery, and too close to the counter. Again, even Mrs. B. has trouble gripping it. Just changing the grip from horizontal to vertical would be a big improvement.It has a built in bag cutter on the lower left corner at counter level. Push it once and out it pops, but it is too close to the counter to be useful for opening more than the slimmest of bags. Push it in again and it locks closed. It is best to leave it that way.The next gripe is the cover for the bag storage. It latches by a clip on either side. Again, there is no "finger hole" so you have to use two hands to open it. Once open, unrolling and cutting the bag is a snap.Vacuuming and sealing: Like many other reviewers, I had a lot of difficulty.I cut my first bag and tried to seal it. It took several tries for the end to "take" and the clamp to activate. After filling the bag, getting the open end into the slot proved, again to be a challenge. After several tries, I finally got it to vac and seal. The motor that clamps the bag is loud. The vacuum pump doesn't seem any louder than on other models.I tried two different rolls and pre-cut bags, and the result was the same...frustration. The fuller the bag, the harder it was to get the end into the slot. Mrs. B struggled with this operation, too.Did the designers actually fill a quart bag with a quart of (pre-frozen) strawberries and try to vac-seal it, as I did? I tried several times to get the end smooth enough to fit in the slot, slide one end in, and guide the rest of it in. No go. Mrs. B was able to get it after several tries, but the bag went in crooked and wrinkled. Before she could straighten it and smooth it out, the clamp came down and the bag vacuumed and sealed...crooked and wrinkled.I've gotten into the habit of double sealing my bags especially when the bag wrinkles. Unlike the old style sealer, you cannot double seal bags with this unit. It will only seal when the bag end extends into the vacuum slot, even when in "seal only" mode. In the older style, you can position the bag, close the lid and seal.The machine seals the bag about an inch from the each end of the bag. That is understandable for the end it vacs from, but a waste on the other end. An inch may not seem like much, but it adds up. Compared to the other problems, this is a minor annoyance.In the end, this machine is just not worth the hassle. There are just too many design failures. I'm going back to my four-year old V4860.
This was the first food saver I have used, and unfortunately I cannot recommend it.  My friend who has a non-vertical sealing system says that type works a lot better.  This was one frustrating for me to use because I could never get it to seal as "clean" as it looked in the pictures.  I would have trouble feeding the plastic and getting it to start, and there would be wasted plastic.  As a beginner, I couldn't get it right and wasted some bags.  Even as an expert bagger, this machine is likely to frustrate you.On the bright side, the vertical posture takes up less space on the counter.  And the stainless appearance is a nice addition to a modern kitchen, looks-wise.
I had a Breville Juice Fountain and returned it because it had so much waste--juicing is very expensive if you do it right (organic, etc) and the waste of the Breville centrifugal juicer was very disappointing.I replaced it with an Omega J8006, which has been GREAT.That said, those two juicers are hundreds of dollars, and this one is found under 75 in many places. If you're a beginner juicer, or are looking for something to use occasionally, this one is decent.  It has about the same waste and mess if the upper-end centrifugal juicer, but is harder to keep clean. It is loud, and the components have no chance of lasting a long time with heavy use. Since my juicer(s) stay on the counter, I want them to look nice, so the metal finishes are better for me.I know it can be found cheaper elsewhere--try your local Wal Mart or Target...So, not bad for the price, but if you're going to be a heavy user, bite the bullet and get a masticating heavy-duty juicer. The extra couple of hundred dollars is a drop in the bucket compared with the amount of money worth of wasted organic veggies and fruit you'll lose with this (and my I've tried) centrifugal juicer(s).
I shared in previous reviews that I have a weakness for gadgets and can be taken in by the promise for improving my life by making tedious tasks more efficient. That explains why I decided to try the Swissmar Swiss Trio Peeler Set, Tropicale.An all-purpose peeler sounds just as enticing to me as all-purpose scissors or all-purpose tools. The problem with the Swiss trio is that one tool was very much like the others and none of the three peelers performed any better than my stand-alone peeler which works quite well for carrots, potatoes, apples, and cucumbers. So I don't need these three Swiss pieces in my kitchen when my one-piece standard peeler does much better.I also was disappointed with the cheap quality of the plastic trio. The peelers were so flimsy I was afraid to exert any pressure because they might snap in two. If you love gadgets like me go ahead and try these but you most likely will be, like me, sadly disappointed.
This vacuum seemed to only work for cleaning newly fallen hair, dirt, etc that is backed up into a corner (like at the back of each stair step). However, for areas that require more than just a light dusting or that are out in the open it's not useful. First of all it's not very powerful and the soft nozzle just bends all over the place. Secondly, if the dirt isn't in a corner, this thing won't pick it up but rather seems to blow it elsewhere like a fan. That's the worst thing it could do when it's targeted towards people with pets, which tend to have lightweight hair that flies around easily. I didn't get to use this for very long either; a few weeks after it arrived I dropped it (it even cracked a tile in the floor) and it hasn't worked since then, although it never really did any way. You will get what you pay for if you buy this.
I'm a big fan of Bissell products. I have their HealthyHome upright vac and absolutely love it. Also have their SpotBot (for spot carpet cleaning) and their FlipIt (for hard floor cleaning) and put both to use regularly (when you have multiple cats, you need lots of cleaning equipment!). So I was expecting another home run from the ProDry.Big disappointment! While it has some merits, the bottom line is that it is not nearly as effective as a traditional carpet cleaner.The unit assembles easily. Just four screws and you're good to go. You fill the clean water tank (located in the rear) with hot water and cleaning fluid, just like a conventional carpet cleaner. The dirty water tank is the front. What's different about the ProDry is the roller bar.Rather than spray water on the carpet and then suck it back up, the ProDry wets a roller bar that, in turn, rubs on the carpet and (in theory) cleans it. The roller bar looks just like a long nap paint roller (e.g., the type you would use to paint a textured wall).The benefit of this approach is that the carpet is not soaked with cleaning fluid, thus cutting down on the dry time. Also, it's good for area rugs, since the cleaning fluid won't soak into the carpet and damage the floor below.That all sounds good, but the be-all and end-all of a carpet cleaner is whether it actually cleans the carpet. The ProDry did a very poor job on a thick pile carpet (a 10 by 15 area rug). While it was barely damp when I was done, it was also barely clean. I've had much better results with a conventional carpet cleaner. Even the SpotBot did a better job! (Yes you can use a SpotBot to clean a large rug -- use the hose and set aside a LOT of time!)It did a bit better on a loose nap rug but again, the results were significantly below what I would consider to be acceptable.The roller bar can be cleaned and should last (according to Bissell) for six months. The problem is that removing it for cleaning is a real bear -- you have to remove several screws to get it off the machine. I was surprised by this design issue given the thought Bissell has put into their other products to make them easy to use.It also has a spray nozzle and hose system for cleaning stairs, furniture, etc. That worked well - just turn the dial on the front to switch to the hose, and it dispensed the fluid and sucked it back up with minimal fuss. It also has a rather unique cleaning head (in addition to the regular one) that can be filled with the Bissell OxyGen cleaning fluid. That was a bit messy in terms of leaks, but a nice idea. I'm a bit concerned about the build quality of the hose assembly - seems rather flimsy.I'll use this mainly as a stair cleaner using the hose and nozzle. I've been using my SpotBot for that, and the longer hose and bigger tanks will make that job easier. Other than that, I can't see much benefit to this model, and I don't feel it is worth the cost charged.I'd recommend the ProDry only if you have nothing but area rugs that are brand new and need only the most gentle of cleaning. For anything else, I think you can do a lot better with a more conventional carpet cleaner from Bissell or Hoover.
Others have panned this product as being pretty worthless.  I had read a few reviews before I tried the machine myself, and felt that it can't be all that bad.  Unfortunately it mostly is.I haven't ever used another carpet cleaner so I don't have much to compare this with.  However I do have carpets with a few light spots, and that are probably slightly dirty.  I filled up the container like I was supposed to, and ended up splashing water on the floor attaching it to the machine.  Start up the machine, and start using it.  Essentially what this does, is spray some water with a cleaning solution in it on a roller, which gets the carpet wet and lifts the stains, and then a powerful suction pulls some of the water out of the carpet.  In theory that sounds good, except for the roller doesn't actually do much besides make the carpet damp.  I could make spots go away if I went back and forth a lot (even using the attachments didn't work all that well).  I tried it on the tile floor also, and it worked ok, I don't think it would be good at getting anything besides dust/dirt up off the floor.So why did I give this two stars if it's so horrible.  Well, when I went to empty the 'empty' container, the water was slightly dirty.  Not much, but I guess it was doing something after all, just not nearly enough.It seems other Bissell cleaners without the 'fast dry' feature work much better, and they aren't much more.  It seems like a no brainer to go with one of those instead.
I was a bit disappointed by this product.  The fast drying is accomplished through a spinning roller brush that resembles a roller paintbrush.  The cleaning solution is sprayed onto this brush rather than directly onto the carpet, hence a faster drying time.  This inherently prevents a good deep cleaning of your carpet.  I have berber carpets and I can honestly say that I noticed absolutely no difference after I had cleaned with the Bissell.  When I used the hand tool attachments, this was a different story.  The carpet came out very clean and it made a huge difference.  The major drawback in this was that I had to get on my hands and knees.  After about a few feet of carpet I gave up.  I have not tried it on any furniture, but since it utilizes the tool attachment, I expect it to do a decent job.In regards to floors this unit does a wonderful job without spraying excess cleaning solution everywhere.My recommendation is to save your money and rent a rug doctor from your hardware store or supermarket.  It will save you a lot more time in the long run.
I'm very torn on how to review this item. If Bissell would remarket & rename this as a short pile rug and hard flooring surface cleaner I'd likely give it 3 or 4 stars, as a carpet cleaner it barely deserves 1 so we'll settle on 2.I have a bissell proheat2 carpet cleaner, it's big, it's heavy, and it's amazing!Bissell 9400 ProHeat 2X Select Upright Deep Carpet Cleanerthe difference in our light beige carpet after using this was nothing short of shocking and I can't recommend the cleaner enough.So I got this not because I needed a carpet cleaner, but because my poor area rugs have been rolled up in the attic for over a year, when we got a new puppy and as my daughter got older (and messier) I put them away not knowing how I'd clean them if something happened. This sounded like the perfect product to get them clean just in case without damaging the hardwood under them. Setup was easy enough, didn't experience the leaking others have mentioned but was careful not to overfill anything. I was also surprised by the design of the roller assembly, and the fact that they recommend replacing every 6 months (more helpful would be hints to know it's time or hours of cleaning expected out of it, if I use this once in 6 months vs weekly that'll be a huge difference in wear).I got my rugs out, vacuumed them, then set to using this to test... well... I suppose it got them cleaner, the water was a bit different colored after using it, they were damp... all in all though I wasn't all that impressed. I decided to try it on the stairs, those always need to get washed and I hate lugging the huge proheat out just for the stairs, it did a pretty good job on them so I think this will at least become my new stair washer, but I wouldn't justify the price just for that. As for how it works on normal pile carpeting, it doesn't. Think of it more as a light dusting the dirt off the carpet, instead of a deep down clean. Might work if you have no pets or kids and aren't home very often to dirty up your carpet.Another reviewer mentioned using it on hard floors, now this is something I'm going to try this weekend! I use a floormate for that right now, but I think the softer rotating roller on this might work better, also buffing the floor along the way, I'll update after I try that!
I am comparing this Bissell 7350 with my Hoover SteamVac F5914-900. In a quick summary, this Bissel 7350 is no comparison to Hoover SteamVan.The Bissel 7350 may look stylish and may be gentle to those luxuary carpet with long fiber. But, from cleaning function point of view, Bissel 7350 just can not clean up dirt and stain effectively. It lacks the "scrubbing" capabililty to stir the carpet to get the dirt out. Yes, the carpet does dry faster, but that's because the detergent is not pushed deep into the carpet to do the cleaning work. It's a waste of money to buy this Bissel 7350.
I am normally a huge fan of Bissell products. I own a Bissell "Liftoff" bagless vacBissell 37601 Lift-Off Revolution Turbo Upright Bagless VacuumI also own a conventional Bissell carpet cleanerBissell 9500 ProHeat 2X CleanShot Upright Deep Cleaner, Red Berendsand I couldn't be happier with both, but I'm afraid the PROdry just didn't live up to the Bissell name.Putting the cleaner together was easy and straight forward (just two screws). All the parts fit snugly and the seals were tight and didn't leak.Unlike a traditional deep carpet cleaner with brushes, the PROdry uses what looks for all the world like a deep knap paint roller. It uses traditional shampoo and water but much less of it. While this does allow the carpet to dry much faster, it doesn't effectively get down between the carpet fibers to clean.The carpet we tried it on had several heavily soiled areas. After making several passes with the PROdry, some of the surface dirt transfered to the roller, but the soil on the sides of the individual strands wasn't touched. As soon as we finished the carpet looked basically the same.It may be possible that this cleaner could have some value for keeping new carpet clean, but for older carpet or heavy stains, try another Bissell product.
The good things about this product are that it is relatively lightweight for a carpet cleaner, it is easy to fill with soap and water, and it leaves the carpet looking nice when done.However, if you get stains in your carpet frequently, this will not be the product for you....and it wasn't for me.  If there is something to spill on my carpet, I will spill it.  I also have pets - enough said.  I tried this out on the soda stain and what was left when my furball left me a furball on my bedroom carpet.  I went over it with this machine several times and it did not get the stains out.  They were still clearly visible when I was done.  I have had a Bissell ProHeat for about a year now and I absolutely love it (so much that I bought my mom one a few months ago).  When I finished earlier with this carpet cleaner, I thought to myself, "These stains would be nothing for my Bissell ProHeat 2X."  Later I had to prove it to myself so I went ahead and pulled out my ProHeat and the stains came right out.  The brushes work so much better.  I hate to compare the machines like this, but for just a few extra dollars, you can get a really fantastic machine and I think it is worth it to guide you to that.  If you are concerned about the carpet being wet, there is a ProHeat model that comes with dryers as well.  This carpet cleaner is easy to maneuver but the water tank is so small.  I just think there aren't enough advantages to this machine to recommend it, but I also think the Bissell ProHeat 2X is a true 5-star machine and highly recommend it if you need to deep clean your carpet and get rid of some yucky stains.
I'll try to avoid giving this a star rating since I won't see it up close, and I don't know why they cancelled it on me. My initial thoughts was that this looked well designed for it's intended purpose. A cylindrical crock, even a small one like I have for cheese, is wasteful for dipping apples and such since the shape leaves caramel in the corner. The design of this is like a tapered sump, so it should be efficient.From a distance the control looks simple and this is too be expected with a crock, only on and a couple heat settings are needed.  I can't tell you how fast it heats, cause again I don't have one.  What I can tell you is I had an oval crock and since this is round you won't have a problem with the lid falling in.  Plus it looks like a nice small device that won't take up much counter space, and can be put away in the cupboard till next use without dedicating half a cabinet like my mixer or food processor.Anyway that's all I can do by visual inspection, check with Amazon if they ran out of samples for vine or if they pulled this on UL concerns or other malfunctional issues.  I suppose it's all right if they still list it for sale. The two star rating I had to give it is probably not representative of the product, but that's all I'll part with without seeing the product work.
I've recently gotten this Black & Decker D6000 iron and also currently own the Black & Decker D2030 Auto-Off Digital Advantage Iron (I have posted my review of that iron previously on the D2030 product page). Regarding the D2030, overall I am very happy with the D2030 iron with one or two quibbles, the most problematic of which is that I constantly, but inadvertently, turn off the steam while ironing because of the placement of the steam dial. It's positioning coincides with where my thumb naturally wants to rest while ironing. As a result I am always accidentally turning off the steam. The D6000 resolves that problem since the steam control is no longer a dial, but a button that is placed on the top front area of the handle. So in that regard, this iron improves upon the D2030. However in almost all other areas, this iron is actually not as good an iron as the D2030 as I'll explain.For reference, I have also reviewed the D2030 and you can find that review here:http://www.amazon.com/review/RU31UO0E382H5/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B0006ZUHR0&nodeID;=&tag;=&linkCode;=As others have noted, this iron is quite heavy. I found using this iron for any length of time to be more fatiguing than the D2030. The D2030 is not a light weight iron and actually the "heft" of the iron feels solid and just about right. My wife complained immediately about how heavy the D6000 iron felt to her. I weighed the D6000, without water, and it tipped the scale at 3 lb, 11oz. Compared to the D2030 that weighs, without water, 2lb, 15oz. So this iron is nearly a pound heavier than the D2030... that's significant difference. It can be debated whether a heavier iron makes a more efficient iron or not, but the reality is that it is a heavy iron to use and some people may find it too heavy to use for extended periods of time.Another issue is the water fill cover. Unlike the D2030 that can be filled when the iron is standing vertically on it's heel plate, the D6000 can only be filled when it is in the horizontal position, or the active ironing position. This is extremely poor design because it means that you  have to fill the iron, probably while it is still really hot, with the hot soleplate just sitting on your ironing board cover. Furthermore, the water fill cover lifts open in such a way that it is more difficult then necessary to pour water into the reservoir with a standard measuring cup. You are unable to get the lip of the cup close enough to the water fill hole since the lid is sticking straight up into the air effectively blocking your attempt to get close to the hold with your cup. Black and Decker does not include any sort of cup with a pointy spout to facilitate this either. The end result is that you end up spilling water as you attempt to fill the reservoir. I also noticed some water spilling out of the closed filling spout when I tipped the iron back up on its soleplate. It seems that this might even be dangerous since the heat control buttons and backlight display are in the path of the dripping water.The reservoir holds approximately 14 oz of water which sounds like a lot, but I was amazed at how quickly it depletes. The iron produces great steam but the water empties quickly as a result. If it were easier to fill, that wouldn't be a real problem, but it becomes a problem since it isn't that easy to fill.I also noticed that the cord of the D6000 is almost 2 feet shorter than the cord length of the D2030. It's not a short cord by any means, but it is significantly shorter than the D2030 cord.If you are a "cord wrapper", this iron falls short because you will discover that the design of this iron prevents you from wrapping the cord around the iron for storage. The front of the iron is sloped plastic with no way for the cord to nestle into anything that will enable you to wrap the cord around it.The iron does have conveniently placed controls. The temperature is controlled by two buttons, one on either side of the front part of the handle. The left button turns the iron up through the various settings while the right button turns the iron down. The top of the handle also has two buttons that control the spray and shot-of-steam functions. A button for "auto clean" is located on the top of the water reservoir cover, underneath the handle.A nicely backlit display indicates the various iron functions which makes it easy to see what functions you have enabled.The iron was quick to achieve desired temperature and also features an auto-shutoff if you leave the iron unattended.But the biggest problem with the iron that I had is that it lets water, not just steam, sputter out of the soleplate when ironing. When the iron is brand new, this isn't an issue. But as the iron begins to accumulate mineral deposits, this will be a big problem. If you've ever ironed a white shirt and had mineral deposits spit out of your iron, you know how it can stain the fabric. For this reason alone, I would avoid this iron.Overall I was disappointed with the D6000 iron. In spite of the couple of control improvements over the D2030, the other things wrong with the iron make the D2030 a better choice (and at a significantly lower cost).Pros:-Quick to reach temperature-Control buttons are well-placed-Iron produces a lot of steamCons:-Difficult to fill with water and can't be filled in the vertical position.-Water sputters out of soleplate when ironing with the potential to stain your clothing.-Iron is quite heavy which makes it tiring to useI'd suggest looking at the Black and Decker D2030 which avoids most of the problems that this iron has.Black & Decker D2030 Auto-Off Digital Advantage Iron
On receiving this iron, I laughed at how heavy it was.  It also has a strange center of gravity, making it feel a bit wobbly when held vertically.  I would normally write this off as irrelevant, because weight can actually assist normal ironing nicely, but a major selling point of this iron is the "all-temp" steam cleaning feature for drapery.  If you plan to hold this up long enough to steam your drapes, I suggest you first invest in P90X.  Also, some patience will be required, as this is not a steamer.  Rather, it is a normal iron with a burst button to launch steam, which can only be pressed periodically.  If you press it to quickly, it becomes a water spritzer.I have had a few Black & Decker irons in the past.  In fact, the D2030 is my favorite iron and really made ironing a breeze.  It pours out steam, carries a good moderate weight, is well balanced, and stays nicely free of deposits.  In contrast, the D6000 emits less steam, though more than the cheapest irons I have owned.  This could be due to the lack of an analog steam dial.  Instead, there is a button to turn it off or on.  Since there is only one steam setting, perhaps they chose a medium, whereas I like to quickly iron with heavy steam.  Still, even this amount of steam is too much for the iron.  I find myself quickly pulling it off my clothes as I iron to prevent water from dribbling onto my clothes.  This is a really surprising flaw for an iron in this price range.  I see from other reviews that it may get worse over time as well.A positive aspect of this iron is that it gets hot quickly.  There are 7 temperature settings, allowing the right temp for any material.  However, setting this is a bit awkward, as the digital screen has a very poor viewing angle.  That means laying the iron horizontal to see it.  Refilling the water reservoir also requires the iron to be laid flat, which is very difficult when it is hot!  Also, the translucent bespeckled plastic makes it difficult to see when the water is at the correct level.It seems that Black & Decker is trying some new ideas with their irons.  Unfortunately, this product feels more like an early prototype than a finished product.  For basic ironing purposes, it will likely do the job, barring the dribbles of water that may stain over time.  However, I can not recommend it when there are other great irons on the market, including from this same company.
The Peaugeot PM25229 is a beautiful product that simply does not operate well.  It does not grind pepper well at even the most course setting.  I have an Ikea ceramic grinder that operates much better at a fraction of the cost (though is also much less stylish).  In the end, the style of the product only counts for so much.  It's a cooking tool that does not operate well.  I would recommend a different product.
Pros:- Stainless steel so you don't have to worry about any possibility of harmful stuff entering your food as you would with non-stick or aluminum pans.- Very beautiful to the eye (if you are proactive about keeping them spotless using Barkeeper's Friend and some elbow grease!)Cons:- Failed my fried egg test. This is one of the most basic things to cook and often the hardest to be accommodated by pans. With enough oil, it passed the not-too-sticky test. However, the cleanup was a disaster. 15 minutes of scrubbing with a Scotch-Brite sponge and Barkeeper's Friend! Especially around those beautiful rivets.- I found the handle heated up more than I expected (if you hold it at the very end, you'll be fine, but if you get within 2 inches of the pan/pot rim itself, it will be warmer than is comfortable to hold).While I'm health-conscious, I just can't justify the clean-up required to keep these pans looking good. I'll stick with my Calphalons.
I originally bought a sodastream in 2004 or so and loved it! However, as the years went on I noticed I was needing to do more and more puffs (you press the top to force CO2 into the water to carbonate it - I call each press a puff) to the point that it was no longer a cheaper option than bottled sparkling water, plus we had to replace the canisters too frequently because we were using more. I don't know what changed over the years to cause the need for significantly more puffs but it's a real bummer because I loved the sodastream initially. We even bought new bottles in case that was the issue (nope), then a new machine in case that was the problem (nope again!). So I can only guess it has something to do with the CO2 bottles - maybe they're at a lower pressure than before so now it takes more to bubble up the water?It is important that I disclose that I like my water super bubbly - like a Perrier or Crystal Geyser - which may be more than most folks want. To do that it takes 12 or more puffs (used to be only 4-6...). I still have both of my units and bottles and use it as an emergency back up. However, we've found it's just cheaper for us to buy the sparkling water at Trader Joes (which is Crystal Geyser with a TJ label) than to use the sodastream (and sometimes there are good deals for Perrier on Amazon - you just need to keep an eye out).If you follow their instructions your water will only be lightly carbonated - if you like it that way then great! However, if you like super bubbly (like a Perrier) then it may not be a good option for you.
A detailed review of this steam cleaner is really unnecessary as there are plenty of great reviews already. I do want to point out that in my experience this is a pricey cleaner for the apparent life cycle. I use this cleaner about twice a month to clean my wood floors and once a month on the bathroom tiles. It does an adequate job but the short cord and the floppy handle are annoying. The cleaning pads also shrink after repeated laundering (no I do not put them in the dryer). My main complaint is that the cleaner died after 18 months of use. And, moreover, that is not heavy duty use. Naturally it only has a years warranty so it is the scrap pile unless the hubby can resuscitate it.Not Recommended.
The steam from this steamer is always HOT.  That is occasionally a good thing.The problem is that sometimes "just" Hot will do and you don't get a choice.  Also, it is very difficult to fill.  You can either bring water to it in a pitcher and struggle pouring it into the small opening or you can take it to a faucet and wrestle around trying to fill it directly.  Either way, it's no fun.  Finally, it just feels flimsy.We prefer ourHAAN SI-60 Select Multi-Level Steamer.  Easier to fill, feels better built, hot when we need it, and hotter at the press of a button.  Beyond that, it seems to get our floors noticeably cleaner.
After seeing an infomercial for hard floor steam-cleaners, I decided I liked the idea, since I never found a good method for cleaning kitchen tile and hardwood floors without annoyingly smelly cleaners, but chose this one, not the one in the commercial, as it was inexpensive and well rated.I do like the way steam cleans my hard tile floor, but I do not find the water evaporates quickly enough from the wood floors.  I also find it difficult to get the pads to lay flat on the base for attachment, and filling the appliance with water requires a funnel and careful measurement, and also requires bending.  There is no way to know how much water is left until you run out.So do get a steam mop, but not this one.[Now I am using a Black and Decker modelBlack & Decker BDH1760SM SmartSelect Steam Mop with Handle Commandwhich has a clear reservoir which you attach above the steam apparatus, a couple of feet from the floor.  It can be filled from the tap and then attached.  The pad attaches to the steamer bottom by hook-and-loop closures--all you have to do it put the steamer on top.  And it has three specialized cycles, one for wood floors, which works great. ]
Update:Unfortunately, while I like the idea & the design of the Eureka Enviro Steamer, it just doesn't do the job it is meant to do.  After steam mopping both concrete & tile floors, I found that the floors were still dirty (paper towel cleaning up a new mess on a just cleaned floor brought up dirt as well as the mess).We also tried theSienna Vortex Steam Vortex, and, while it did a slightly better job than the Eureka, it still didn't do an adequate job of getting up all of the dirt (we even changed pads during the cleaning).We are now tryingRubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop Kit, FG1M1600GRYRD, but do not have enough trials to see if it performs better than the steam mops.  We chose to try the Rubbermaid Revel because of the washable microfiber pads & because you can put your own solution into the bottle.  Update to follow.Original Review:My house is 99% tile & concrete, so I dreaded cleaning day.  Mopping took forever because I emptied out my mop bucket countless times during the course of cleaning my floors.After researching several devices, I chose the Enviro Steam Cleaner because (1) it uses steam cleaning with no chemicals, (2) I don't have to continuously purchase replacement cleaning sheets/pads, and (3) it is light weight and is easy to move from room to room.We've had the Enviro Steamer for about 1 month & use it regularly with distilled water.  Mopping is now a breeze & not drudgery.  For cleaning a dirty floor with no "stuck on" things, this mop does a fantastic job.  For "stuck on" things, I place the steamer over the "stuck on" thing & let it sit for a little bit.  I then have to scrape off the "stuck on" thing with a paper tower.The Steamer comes with a measuring cup and a funnel and the instructions say to put in 2 cups before using the Steamer.  I find that 2 cups are sufficient to clean my tile kitchen (approx 150sqft of exposed floor space).The Enviro Steamer comes with 2 cleaning pads which are a heavy waffle cloth type material.  At first you'll think they are plenty big, but once they are washed, they shrink.  Follow the instructions and do not put them into your dryer.  We machine wash the replacement pads and hang them to dry overnight.My only complaint is that a replacement pad is $19.99, which I consider expensive for a simple piece of heavy cloth.  A replacement pad could be made easily if the proper material can be found.Overall, I am ecstatic about this steam mop and find that it does a great job on my tile & concrete floors.
This was my second steam mop/cleaner for our all hard surface floored house (95% slate tile, the rest cork). We started with the Bissel, which just didn't get hot enough to actually clean, and moved on to this well-reviewed steamer from Eureka.Since we have natural (read: uneven and a bit rugged) stone floors, the built-for the steamer microfiber cloths didn't last too long (maybe one to two months each, with weekly use and washing) but, as others have mentioned, a big plus of this steamer is the ability to use your own cloths for cleaning. We used cheap, microfiber dishtowels and had just as much success as with the higher-priced, specially-made cloths. That's a definite plus.Steam doesn't pour out of this one, though it definitely did produce visible steam and ours never leaked water as reported here by others. But what it did do--also as frequently reported by other reviewers--is flat out quit working after less than six months of use. It would power up (or the light would come on anyway) but just never steam.I contacted Eureka and they were, shall we say, less than surprised by this development. With very few questions asked, Eureka customer service said they would provide an in-warranty replacement provided I send them the sticker on the unit and proof of purchase by priority mail. I did that more than two weeks ago (they received it on June 9 according to the Post Office) and, to date, I don't have a replacement. I called again and was told it can take "8-12 weeks" for a replacement to be issued ... All while your warranty clock continues to tick. (Meaning Eureka could have it more than 3 of the 12 months it is under warranty for.) Not ideal customer service, especially for a product that seems to frequently fail.So, I gave up and purchased the Haan model, which is also well reviewed, and after a few uses seems superior to the Eureka in several ways, though of a very similar design. We'll see how it goes six months from now.Love the concept of steam mopping and it really does seem to work great on hard floors. Just wish I could find a dependable unit. Fingers crossed I finally have.
The purpose of this "industrial-sized" Leifheit cherry pitter is to be able to pit many cherries quickly without having to "reload" a cherry into the pitting chamber.  I figured the need for a lot of pitted cherries when making pies or a large fruit salad would make such a gargantuan unit worthwhile.  I already have the exceptionally designed and almost flawlessOXO Good Grips Cherry Pitterbut when this unit came became available, I felt it was worth trying out.The unit comes with two rubber washers; one is a spare.  What I had to do was remove the cardboard piece holding down the plunger arm and insert the rubber gasket into the slot.  This gasket is needed to prevent the cherry pit from coming back into the cherry after I pulled up on the plunger.  For my test, I tried to pit both the firmer Rainier cherries and the less firm Bing cherries with this cherry pitter. Even though the instructions do not mention pitting olives with this cherry stoner, I decided to try small black Kalamata olives as well--since my other cherry pitter can pit soft olives like this.I loaded the Rainier cherries into the hopper and they didn't really line up in the pitting chamber; sometimes they had to be pushed into the hole for pitting.  Once I pushed the plunger, I had to pull up fully to release the pitted cherry into the exit shoot.  Of about 50 Rainer cherries I pitted many were damaged on the exit (partially squished or broken) and all but about 4 had the pits remain in the cherry. For the cherries that exited into the waiting bowl, I had to pry open the cherry to remove the pits.  I then tried pitting about 50 sweet cherries and they pitted easier since they were softer cherries.  However, I still had some squished cherries exit the hopper and about 6 of the cherries that exited had pits that had to be pulled out by hand.  Since I also wanted to know if olives would work, I tried about 4 of them and found out quickly this unit cannot pit olives.As I was washing the unit I noted that the washer was destroyed just from pitting these few cherries.  It appears the plunger not only pitted my cherries but also chopped out part of the washer.  When I inserted the washer, I made sure it was centered and that the pitter blade passed cleanly through the center of the washer's hole.  However, with all the cherry pitting activity it probably moved around and caused large holes in the washer.  Not only does this reduce the effectiveness of the pitting but I had to throw out the washer and put in the spare.In summary, I cannot recommend this cherry pitter to anyone.  The only redeeming quality it has are the rubber feet on the bottom of the unit that keeps the cherry pitter base firmly in place during pitting.  Other than this, the unit is too huge. The pitting chamber so enormous compared to the hopper you put the cherries in.  Also the plunger cannot be locked down for storage and stands at attention like a rocket about to take off.  The pitter barely pits Bing cherries (the dark colored ones with a firm but softer flesh) and has a 95% failure rate when pitting Rainier cherries.  I had high hopes for this cherry stoner and was sadly disappointed.  I was going to give this unit 1 star but since it did pit the Bing cherries somewhat, I rated this 2 stars.  I have not decided yet whether I'm going to send this to the recycling bin or keep it as a conversation piece, but I doubt I'll ever use this to pit cherries again.
I ordered this based on all the 5 star reviews, but promptly decided to return it. Here's why.1. Ironically as a top reviewer I've received lots of scales at no cost to review, but have given them away to family and friends. So when I actually needed a food scale, I bought this one based on all the glowing 5 star reviews. Turned out to be a big mistake.2. Right out of the box I was disappointed by how cheap and flimsy this scale looks and feels. I confirmed that feeling when I pressed the two simple buttons on the front--it felt like some cheap toy.3. But the main problem was lack of accuracy and consistency. I always use the &#34;nickel test&#34; on any scale I test. If you go on the internet you will see that a nickel weighs 5g, so I always put 10 nickels on a scale to see if I get 50g. On this scale sometimes I got 50g, other times 49g, and other times the display fluctuated between 49g and 50g for several seconds before settling on 50g. That raised a red flag for me.4. I have a family member who needs to know precise food portions. I took a handful of shelled pistachio nuts and put them in a cup (I used the Tare button to discount the cup). I got three different readings--9g, 10g, and 11g. That told me that this scale is not reliable.5. I have tested lots of scales, and this is definitely one of the cheapest, flimsiest, and least accurate among them.Bottom line: Buy something else.
Cooking with cast iron has its benefits - particularly the fact that they leach iron which then goes into your food and then into you.  Make no mistake, however - this is made from cast aluminum, not cast iron.  And it can be bad news long-term when aluminum leaches from pots into food.  I don't know whether this pot will leach, but I don't want to risk it, even without having to go through the hassle of seasoning the pot like I would have to with cast iron.As pretty as this thing is, I don't think I'll be making much if any use of it anytime soon.
This two-tone set is a pretty good value if you understand what you;re getting. Unlike steel tongs, these do not grip tenaciously, nor do they lock (of course). What they are good at is handling delicate food items and using in non-stick pots and pans. This bamboo does not warp, won't scratch coatings, and is quite easy to keep clean. The problem is that the tongs are fairly stiff (especially the larger pair) and that makes them difficult to control. I've had them for a few weeks now, and used them regularly but the stiffness is still there. In practice, the stiffness means that it's easy to unintentionally crush delicate items, like cooked tomatoes or steamed asparagus - just the sort of things that bamboo is ideal for. If they redesigned the hinge so that it's more responsive, these tongs would be ideal. Until then, they are just OK, but not quite versatile enough.P.S. - if you want to use these as toaster tongs, be aware that they're rather thick and won't fit in a standard toaster slot. They smaller pair does fit in an extra-wide (bagel-size) slot.
I have used several of these kinds of sharpeners and find my knives don't hold an edge very long after using them nor are they all that sharp. This one was the same way. Nothing replaces a good old sharpening stone but this will do in a pinch short term if you can't take the time to put a double edge on with a good stone.
This toaster is space-agey looking and will therefore fit into some kitchens better than more traditional toasters. It stood out like a sore thumb in mine. It is plasticky and not very attractive with its black bumps. This is, however, a stay-cool exterior, which is advantageous. The crumbs are well contained in a crumb tray, which is easy to empty.I did not see in the directions that I was supposed to let the toaster run several times without toast in it; consequently, there was a truly awful smell the first times I made toast. This should have been more clearly indicated for those who don't think to pour over every part of the instruction booklet before making toast.I also don't understand the purpose of the rack over the toaster and could not get it to work, although I wanted to.I initially was more impressed by this toaster  but after only a month or so, the toasting was noticeably uneven, and once it kept toasting away until the toast was finally manually removed, quite dark, when set only on "2."I have decided not to use it. It was an eyesore and did not even work very well.
I really wanted to love this blender. It seduced me with its options--an aerator attachment! a blender blade. a puree blade in addition to the basic chopper blade. Variable speeds. Serious wattage. A separate chopper bowl. What's NOT to love, especially if one's beloved old Braun hand blender has seen better days.We're always looking for ways to avoid using our Cuisinart (old and hard to clean but still performs very well) as we prep foods. This blender sounded like a great alternative to both our mixer and food processor as it would do a lot of the same things with less parts.Setup: Ah, but life is in the details and what we might save in washup time by using this, we loose with "setup" and dissaembly, as it were, with the 9090. Your first clue that this is NOT a user-friendly item is the inclusion of a little tool to remove the four different "blades." (When you can't remove something with your own hands from a product that would be used several times a day or week, that, to me, is a sign of poor design.)The second is the blade size (and construction) and how you attach them to the shaft. And for those who would say that the problem is the person not the machine, I would disagree. I'm very handy (I have replaced various delicate computer parts using miniscule tools in very small spaces. So I know how to deal with small parts, etc.)and I gotta tell you, I understood instinctively how these should fit together even before I read the booklet. But how something should work and how it actually does, big gap here.You really don't want to run the risk of hurting yourself and that is what you do as you attempt to fit the very small and thin, sharp-edged metal blades onto the shaft. And though we've now done this several times, it's still tough and requires a lot of force and pushing down to get them to be secure.Someone could very, very easily cut their finger, regardless of the size of your fingers and your dexterity, trying to do this. (And try to do this with a protective glove. You better have small hands and small fingers.)Sorry, but I don't want to put myself or anyone else at risk to do what should be a very simple thing. The risk-reward ratio is NOT in my favor.Removal is even more time-consuming (albeit less risk of personal injury) as you use the extraction tool and ease it up and out. This took longer than even getting the blade in. And if that extraction tool, which is not all that sturdy, breaks, forget it. You're stuck with that blade (We only tried two blades after reading how some people got stuck when one blade could not be removed.)So fearful of losing the main blade, we won't be using the other three options, the very things that appealed to us.Motor Longevity: We can't address this as we normally pulse for less than 10 seconds at a time and have not used this long enough. But when a manufacturer voluntarily promotes a 15-month warranty, you do think there may have been an issue.Usage: This thing IS heavy and depending on what vessel you're using, and how long you need to blend, it could be a problem as you lift and move it around a pot (as we do for soups, sauces, etc.)Attaching the Whisk or Blender Shaft to the Motor Unit (or the motor unit to the chopper bowl): The instructions are a bit off for the former, and none for the latter. However,  if you start by aligning the locked symbol on the shaft with the "dot" on the motor housing, you'll quickly see which way is lock and unlock. Whatever you do, do not make this too tight or you'll have a time unloosening it.Same applies when you go to snap on the motor unit to the chopper bowl top. Don't force, don't make too tight.Blending, Chopping, Etc.: The good news: It does this well and the variable speeds and turbo button mean you can adjust based on the needs of the food you are prepping.The motor is strong so you can probably reduce the amount of time it takes to do various tasks.The "ease" of doing this will depend on your own physical comfort with the equipment, your own strength and how long you're using this to complete a task.The major flaw--the difficulty/risk in attaching the blades and the need for a tool to remove them--can render this a nonusable item for some folks. In that case, it's speed and options (to puree, aerate, and blend as well as chop; separate chopper bowl and blade) are irrelevant.It's disappointing to have to give a low mark to a company who is clearly trying to offer features/benefits we want, but who has failed to make it easy to use those very features.Hopefully, the next iteration of this blender will address the attachment and "extraction" (a word you don't want to associate with a product!) issues.In the meantime, know that it isn't just you who has had problems with those pesky blades in terms of attaching and removing. (I asked a visiting tech geek and gamer and a handyman to try to do the same things. Both had trouble. One got cut, fortunatley not deeply. The handyman almost broke the extraction tool.)Questions for the manufacturer?>>Do you sell replacement parts that include the four blades and the extraction tool?>>What happens if the blade gets stuck on the motor shaft? Do you just send us a new one?
The never getting "that" hot was by (bad) design.  The short life was probably the result of the same thing.  It was also difficult to fill and never felt that well built.We prefer ourHAAN SI-60 Select Multi-Level Steamer.  Easier to fill, feels like higher quality, Hot when we need it, and HOT at the press of a button.
EDIT: This mop quit "steaming" today. 06/24/2012. Turns out it was clogged and I had to take it apart to fix it. Try vinegar and let it sit for a while. EDIT: totally died in 2013 and could not repair.I saw the infomercial this weekend and after making fun of it with my boyfriend for about 10 mins, I thought "Hey, this might be a good product". I have no carpet in my home - only laminate and hardwood flooring. Like everyone else, the best way for me to get my kitchen clean was on my hands and knees, using a scrubbing brush and Fantastik/409/Fabuluoso or some sort of industrial cleaner. It works, don't get me wrong, but it's a major pain in the arse. More frequently, I just get out the Swiffer Wet Jet and wipe down my floors that way. I don't like the Swiffer because of the cost of the refill tanks($4something each), the chemicals (I have birds) and the cost of the pads. It's just wasteful and expensive. I don't really feel like I'm getting my floors overly clean, either.I wasn't real keen on buying a $100 "mop" that shoots steam out of it. For all that it does, the cost is a little high. However, the mop was easy to put together and in 5 mins. I was going to town. Figuring out how to use the mop wasn't difficult, though I did spend a minute looking for an ON button. The mop works (I discovered) by the pumping motion of the handle while you mop back and forth. I have to admit, this thing was harder to push around than I imagined. On the infomercial, it looks like it just glides around all the surfaces with ease. Not so. I'm a pretty strong woman (thankyouverymuch) and really did find the mop hard to move around. So much so that I found it to be annoying. So all you ladies out there who claim this thing is fun to use, I know you're lying! ;)However, despite not looking like anything was happening, it did the job. I have a very small house (720SF) so it didn't take me long to clean. The dirt on the mop was proof that some cleaning was definitely taking place. You can't help but feel that it's not clean enough though after years of using chemicals. ;) Check out my pics in the member photos.I wasn't WOWed like I thought I'd be - mostly because of the strength it took to move this little mop around. However, it does clean and I love that it just takes water - nothing else. That alone makes it worth the investment. I really like that the pads are reusable and there's nothing else to buy until the pads wear out. I'm keeping the mop, but maybe I need to blame the infomercial for getting me all excited about a steam mop. LOLLater-that-day edit: I noticed a few things:1) I do indeed have streaks on my floor. Odd since all I'm using is water. They are hard to notice however.2) The "cord holder" that's on the plug is impossible to use. I actually can't get the cord snapped in there.
The product I received was different from what is pictured, and it cracked after only a few months of use. The screw-off measuring cup is a good idea, and I like having freshly ground pepper. If it were made in stainless steel, it would be a nice product.
I like grinding my own spices--they're a lot fresher that way not to mention much cheaper!My go-to implement is an inexpensive Braun coffee grinder that I use solely for spices.  Otherwise your cup o' joe could end up tasting a little funky.The attraction with the Progressive International Presolutions Measure Mill is that you can use it to combine several spices together to create your own rubs.  It's got a detachable measuring base that's calibrated for as little as 1/4 of a teaspoon and as much as a tablespoon of ground herbs, while the upper half holds up to a 1/4 cup of unground herbs or spices.Nice idea, but here's the problem: Once you adjust the ceramic gear at the bottom of the grinder to grind spices finely enough, your hand can get pretty tired grinding and grinding long before you even produce a teaspoon's worth.  Also, if you don't have it set down on a flat, level surface before grinding, the herbs/spices have a habit of spilling out the open pour slot on that detachable base.So while it looks nice sitting on a counter, I think I'll be sticking with my electric grinder.
I was very disappointed in this item.  It is very well made and the concept is fantastic, but it just takes way to long to grind.  I would not recommend.
Lightweight, easy to operate...this could be a great little vacuum cleaner.I especially like the animal hair attachment.While you don't use this directly on animals, it is designed to root our their hair or deep dirt in your carpets.It is also designed to lift compressed carpet on stairs etc.  This is what I have been using it for.  The rubberized attachment facilitates.The charging system needs to be enhanced.  Would like to see when the cleaner was fully charged by display; and when it needed a charge by display before it just stopped working.The biggest negative is that after a full charge, it does not operate for very long, perhaps five minutes or so.It has now been relegated to the garage for those quick interior auto cleanings.
We love frappes and had high hopes for the Mr. Coffee Frappe Maker.  It looked like the right product for us and the reviews were strong, so we ordered it from Amazon.What a dissappointment!!! Just try disassembling it for cleaning and then putting it back together again. You are in for a totally frustrating time. (Did the other reviewers try to dissemble and clean the Frappe Maker as instructed before using it?)  It is more complex task and takes far more time than it should and, as a result, discourages you from an important facet of using this appliance.On several levels this product is not as well designed as it should be. For one thing, the markings on the Mr. Coffee Frappe Maker are black on black. It doesn't take a genius to understand that you need color contrast to read markings on a product. Apparently, that obvious concept was overlooked by the designers at Mr. Coffee. It is also complex to dissassemble, but we've already covered that. And it leaves a mess when you are done no matter how careful you are with using it.BTW, don't be deceived by the image photos. The Mr. Coffee Frappe Maker is a huge appliance that and takes up a fair amount of your counter space. Not that this is necessarily a bad thing. Just recognize that before you order the product you need to have adequate counter real estate to house it.Once we wrestled with the product, cleaned it and reassembled it, we put it to the taste test. We made a chocolate raspberry cappuccino frappe. Our take--not too bad for a first try. Lots of calories, of course, but it tasted reasonably well.Maybe with time we will come to love the Mr. Coffee Frappe Maker. Or it just may wind up back in his carton shoved into the basement to sell or discard. For now this is very much an on the fence appliance whose disadvantages far outweigh its advantages.
What I liked:- A fair amount of suction- Easy to empty- It looks like a sports car (sitting there on the table... see below)What I didn't like- It's heavy- THERE IS NO WALL BRACKETWhat were they thinking?  The friendly folks at Dirt Devil make a big deal about convenience.  And that is certainly the case when you need to empty this thing.  The problem is there are several aspects about it which are very inconvenient.  Firstly it weighs a ton.  The problem is worsened because the the handle is way in the back, the weight is well towards the front, and you need to fight the thing to keep it from pointing straight down.More importantly, there's no bracket or way to hang it up.  To charge it you need to set it some place and run the cord to the charger and outlet.  When it's not charging... you still need to set it some place.  For me the most most convenient part of a "dust buster" is it's hanging out of the way when not in use and always charged when I go to grab it.For my money theBlack & Decker CHV1510 Dustbuster 15.6-Volt Cordless Cyclonic Hand Vacuumis a much better value.
I don't know if I just have these high expectations on handheld vacuums or if these handhelds just suck in general.I was excited about the redesign of the Dirt Devil with the built in crevice tool. I wanted something that would pick up all of those little pebbles in and around the floorboards of my trucks and cars. This partially does the job, but not very well. It just doesn't have the sucking power to complete or handle the job.Another disappointing issue is... it doesn't hold a charge very long. You get about 6 to 8 minutes of descent power before it fizzles out on you.When I think of a cordless power tool, I expect descent power and long lasting battery life, with the likes of... let's say... acordless drillor even a laptop. These items last hours, not a measly handful of minutes.I picked up theBISSELL Pet Hair Eraserbefore this vacuum, thinking it would be great too. That was disappointing as well, with much of the same issues. So again, do I have these high, over the top expectations regarding a handheld vaccum? I think not.Over the past twenty-something years, I have tried a variety of handhelds, and it seems that they are all the same. The technology hasn't seemed to have advanced any. They seem to release a few new vaccums every year and the only thing that may have changed is the filter design on everyone of them.I do have to give them credit for the overall design, which is pretty cool and stylish. The fliptop canister is pretty descent as well. I'd give it a few stars for stylish points and overall reuseablity... I especially like being able to rinse off the filter, this saves alot of money in the long run. This might just be the first to offer this feature, instead of attacking the pockets for new ones.However, the lack of power and being able to hold a charge just doesn't earn this vacuum any other point in the functionality department.If you're looking for something that will pick up a quick spill of something, like cereal, this might be okay for you. But if you're want something that'll give you a good cleaning in the vehicle department, you're better off with aShop Vaccanister.
I have a home that has mostly stone floors and have owned three steam mops prior to this one, including a previous Bissell model. I swear by the cleaning technology but, frankly, feel you can do a lot better than this Bissell.I gave this a try, hoping Bissell had improved their steam mop formula, but will be continuing to use, and reccomend, my only slightly more expensiveHaan FS-30 Steam Cleaning Floor Sanitizer, which I've found to be effective, easy to use, durable and having the best pads in the business. (Not even my slate floors can tear them up.)First, the pros ...-This mop is lightweight, and the steam, though still oddly distributed, seems to be hotter than previous Bissell models, which didn't actually get hot enough to clean. (Umm, yeah, big drawback.)-The pads can be thrown in the washer and seem sturdier than the previous Bissell and Eurkea models, though I still don't seem them lasting too many uses on my rough-hewn stone floors.-Like all steam mops you don't need separate cleaner--the "Eucalyptus water" Bissell is trying to peddle here is a major waste--and your floors are cleaned naturally.Now, the cons ...-This steam mop leaks. Badly. First it takes a long time to get up to steam, and then when the steam does come out, it gushes, instead of flows, leaving puddles everywhere you go. The steam also isn't evenly distributed--basically comes out of just one hole by the looks of it--using the pad to "spread it around" so to speak, which seems to kind of defeat the purpose.-Left my floors much, much wetter than other steam mops. I actually had to dry mop over the top of it, to avoid footprints and dirt tracking. To me, this is the biggest and most unacceptable drawback. Who needs an extra step for a supposedly simplified cleaning routine? And if you set it down for even a minute or two, the puddle it leaves is pretty impressive.-And it doesn't come with a pan or cushion--as most steam mops do--to mitigate this. Maybe not the end of the world on tile, but this would be a HUGE concern if you're buying it to used on or around sealed hardwood or even engineered wood products.-Hard to fill, and doesn't hold much water. Had to refill twice to just do my kitchen floor. With about 4,000 sq. ft. total of stone floors, that would get old fast. Though I guess if you're just using it for bathrooms that wouldn't be as big an issue.-I'm also concerned about its longevity, but that is based on past Bissell experience and after only using this one once, I can't say for sure if it will have the same issues (my previous Bissell lasted less than six months), but the construction, at least superficially, seems pretty similar and certain elements (where the handle and head attach, for instance) feel kind of chintzy.All in all, while I'm a huge proponent of steam mops for cleaning, I can't recommend this one at all.
This blender does pretty well with green smoothies, which makes it better than the Ninja I was using. However, my sister has a Kitchen Aid blender that she bought for under $100, and it does slightly better with greens than this Cuisinart.Don't expect to use this blender to make anything thicker such as hummus. There's a serious design flaw in that the blender jar narrows a lot at the bottom. So the stuff that's already smooth at the bottom stays at the bottom, and the stuff that needs to be blended never makes it down there where the blades are. I spent 45 minutes with spoons and a rubber spatula trying to get hummus smooth enough to eat, and finally had to give up. No amount of digging and scraping would get the ingredients down in that narrow space to be ground up.I'm also not particularly fond of all the fancy buttons and timers. It adds nothing to the performance or ease of use, and unnecessarily complicates the process.
Sorry Foodsaver folks, but this item is a major disappointment.My first Foodsaver (bought almost fifteen years ago) was a handheld vacuum that snapped to a bunch of attachments, to suction mason jars, wine bottles, and Foodsaver's own proprietary polycarbonate canisters. As a side-item, they had a bag sealer to attach to the vacuum, a setup that was really easy to use if you had three hands.So, I upgraded to a bag sealer that had its own vacuum, with a thin plastic hose adapter that let me continue to use the jar and bottle sealer attachments. All good, though the plastic hose was a bit more awkward to use than the handheld.For my second upgrade I got a wider bag sealer, with a stronger vacuum. And, though this worked better for bags, it became a pain to keep the bigger box on the countertop all the time to seal jars.Kismet! Foodsaver comes out with a new handheld! I can keep this little thing on the counter, and only take out the big bag sealer when I'm doing bulk freezing.Gleefully, I tear open the box. Happily, I plug in the cute little gizmo. Hopefully, I attach my old plastic hose. Try to attach my old plastic hose. FAIL to attach my old plastic hose.No dice.This sealer works with its own bags and boxes. It does not work with existing Freshsaver/Foodsaver canisters, or jar and bottle sealers. The attachment port is too small, and there is no adapter available. While I'm at it, the bags are considerably flimsier than the old heat-seal bags (or the bags for the Frisper (Oliso FF600 Frisper Freshkeeper 600 Vacuum Food Sealer), and it's not at all clear they can be washed and reused.What were they thinking? (Probably something along the lines of "we can get another hundred bucks out of people if we make them replace all their containers"). Sorry, no.I'm holding on to this in the hopes the company will see the light and make an adapter available. In the meantime, it's gathering dust in the cupboard.
The food saver sealing system states it is for refrigerated items; it would be much more useful if it also was rated for freezer items too. There seems to be other systems for that purpose. Some say they reuse the bags after washing them, but I experienced more loss of sealing when that happened. I also had bags I was sure were sealed correctly, with nothing in the zip but then found they had air in them.Another irritation that occurred was when the rare roast beef we had seemed to get the' red' drawn out of it by the vacuum seal and then was not as rare as we had wanted it to be. For the size of the bags, unless you have a huge need for these deli products and cannot stop by a place to purchase them more frequently, this storage system almost seems to be redundant. It really didn't seem to make much difference if I vacuum sealed the products or not in their shelf life, with the exception of cheeses where the air could not reach them and mold form; although it will not work with soft cheeses or anything with much liquid such as the aforementioned rare roast beef.Bottom line is, this would be great if it included freezable items, but just is something extra to do when pushing air out of zip bags has always worked pretty good for me.
I got this tiny microwave for a grad student friend of mine, who lives in a very small and cramped space.  I figured this microwave would be perfect for her.  After using it for a month she had the following feedback to offer;Cons:- extremely short cord for a unit designed for desk top or office use.  Depending on the setup in your office it may not be long enough to reach your outlet or power strip.- not intuitive to use.  In fact she couldn't get it to  work for more than 3 seconds, and didn't "wave" that is, make things hot (or warm ... or tepid)- the front door was scratched upon receiving it, poor shipping/packaging on amazon's part.- a large starbucks coffee would not fit ... something that I would think essential for a product designed for today's office culture.- because the readout screen is on the top of the machine it is extremely hard to read if there is any direct overhead or natural light.Pros:It jives conceptually with other iAppliances.  iPod, iPhone, iMac, iLife.
If you live in an apt, with a little dog or cat this might be a good vacuum. I have 3 dogs, only 1 of them lives on the main floor with us and this doesn't do a good enough job when you have a 10 month old baby crawling around. It left way to much hair that I ended up using my other vac for. The attachment for the hair is also about as helpful as the dog brush I use for their beds. I use the Hoover Platinum for the basement and the stairs, I think it was a way better job. I was hoping this was a new release but it's like 2 or 3 years old.Also the horrid bagless is disgusting, I use a bagless on our main floor as it's the best vac I own but it's gross pulling dog hair out there's always that puff of dust/dirt/dander and then you have to wipe down the canister and everything around it.If you have dogs and a baby, I would highly recommend you don't purchase.Oh and and 5'0, I don't think this is lightweight.
As others have reported, these towels, while soft and adequate upon initial inspection, did not hold up well even through a single wash. Fluffiness was gone altogether and they had already started to fade and look raggedy (they shed, a LOT in the drier; overflowing the lint catch).This is one "bargain" price where you get what you pay for (i.e. not much).
One thing that I really like about the ZeroWater product is the measurement device provided which shows how many parts per million (PPM) of metals, minerals and such the water you're measuring contains.  So it gives the buyer a means to determine the quality of the water measured.I've now used both ZeroWater vs. Mavea and here are my thoughts about the two filtration pitchers and how they compare to one another.Water Quality: The ZeroWater wins hands down.  There's no comparison in my mind.  Here in San Diego, our tap water is quite hard and metallic.  Using ZeroWater's measuring device, our tap water measures somewhere around 440 PPM of solids.I thoroughly cleaned both filtration pitchers per the respective manufacturer's instructions, ran and disgarded several cycles of water and then measured the results.  ZeroWater claims that I should be able to produce water that measures 000 PPM of solids.  I couldn't quite get that reading, but I did get 006.  ZeroWater actually recommends that you change the filter at 006, but even at that level, the water tastes great, pretty much just like fresh rainwater.Conversely, Mavea's filtered water produced a reading of 349 PPM of solids.  While that's about 100 points lower than my tap water, it's not really a major improvement, in my view.  It's not even in the ballpark of what ZeroWater can do.  I can definitely taste a big difference too.  To me, Mavea tastes just a bit better than unfiltered tap water where ZeroWater tastes extremely fresh and clean.Ergonomics: Mavea is made in Germany and has a nice, European design to it.  It's definitely more pleasing to my eyes.  It's also quite a bit smaller and probably a lot easier to handle.  It doesn't have the push spout like ZeroWater does, but it's easier to handle than ZeroWater.Cost: The cost of these units are similar.  Frankly, it appears to me that it's cheaper to order bottled water versus using these units and purchasing replacement filters.  I measured the PPM of the purified bottled water that I get from Pure Flo water of San Diego and not only was the quality the best at 001 PPM, but it was also the cheapest when the cost of the filters was factored in.  I will say that Mavea's filters are much cheaper than ZeroWater's, but they aren't nearly as good in my view.Bear in mind that you can probably use these filters effectively well after the manufacturer suggests that you change them, so that potentially improves the cost factor.  This is especially the case with ZeroWater.  Even though I couldn't obtain the advertised 000 PPM reading, the water's still great at 006 and a huge improvement over my city water.  I would probably not replace the filter until well after the manufacturer's suggested interval.Recommendations: My first recommendation is to look into the cost of bottled water delivered to your home.  It's more convenient and if the cost is cheaper, I'd go that route.  However, if you have a need for a water purification pitcher, there is no question that ZeroWater provides cleaner and fresher water.  Do be aware that the filtration process is relatively slow, but the ZeroWater filter is pretty massive, so it's probably to be expected.I like the look of Mavea and the better ergonomics, but ZeroWater is the knockout winner here.  I doubt you'll find a way to produce more pure water on your own.  Mavea has its merits, but it doesn't come close in terms of performance.
I cook quite a bit and being a Vegetarian, slicing the veggies is pretty much an every day thing. Give me a sharp knife and I can make short work of most veggies. I saw this slice/julienne Mandolin and thought maybe it would be a quicker way to take care of business. Well, maybe I just got the tool with the dull blade because I have to say my slicer didn't work all that well. It was okay for slicing onions, though it did tend to want to pull the middle section out, requiring me to turn the onion from time to time, but it was a hot mess with the more delicate red peppers. The pepper slices were more like shreds and there was juice all over the place. I adjusted the tool and tried slicing on each of the three levels but had no better luck.Clean up is also a rather dicey proposition as the tool collects bits and pieces of the veggie in the blade area which have to be picked out before it can be washed. I don't think my blade was particularly sharp but was not about to test it with my fingers. (I used a small knife and wash cloth to dislodge the pieces and wipe them away.)Back to the cutting board and blades for me!Not Recommended.
Like any nice stainless steel kitchen appliance, expect the same kind of smudging when using this in the kitchen (my want to use it for weighing postage instead).While this scale is easy on the eyes right out of the box and works very easily (and uses two CR2032 batteries instead of AAA or AA) ... it also smudges right out of the box.  If you are the least bit anal about smudging on stainless steel, do yourself a favor and buy something else.The display is bright and large and the scale can handle up to 11 lbs (which is pretty good given it's own weight and thin styling).  I was surprised at the how well it handled the weight and promptly tested it with a increasingly larger pile of books.  One of the great things about this scale is the large button that allows the user to quickly change UNIT types on it.  So you can easily switch from grams, ounces, ml, to lbs/oz.  This comes in extremely handy when dealing with postage!I used a microfiber cloth to clean fingerprint smudges off of the scale top and while this worked well enough, I could not even fathom using this around food items (even when using a plate and using the Tare function to account for the weight of the plate, measuring cup, etc).  If I have a slimy finger touching the buttons to control the scale because I wanted to weigh cucumbers or something else, the smudging would make me go crazy.Looks nice and new out of the package but quickly gets that "worn in" look.  Not a bad scale but I think the stainless steel design is less than practical for kitchen applications.To the office it goes.Update: 23 February 2012 - I have downgraded my review to 2 stars not because of the smudges but because of the indiscriminate on/off switch.  The fact that this scale takes non-traditional batteries to keep it's slim design adds more to the problem than the solution.  I find myself turning this scale on by accident every time I go to reach for it, move it, store it on it's side, etc.  This is eating up the batteries very quickly.Nice in concept, poor in design.  Separate those on/off buttons!!
I want so badly to like this scale, but unless one is looking for a product for short term use only, it is not a product I would recommend buying.As a dieter, I am constantly weighing out portions of food.  At first, I have to say I loved this scale.  I liked the fact it had a nice big platform to weigh on, which made it easy to set a plate on and put food on the plate to weigh out the portions.  With the large platform, it was easy to see the display while weighing things, which was a problem I have had in the past with other scales.With a capacity of over 10 pounds, it made it easy to weigh out an entire recipe.  I found this useful as I could figure out exactly how much of something I made, divide the weight by the number of portions I wanted to get out of the recipe and I could use that information to calculate the nutrition information appropriately.I loved the look and the size of the scale.  The thickness of the scale is only the thickness of about 2 pencils.  The area of the scale is about 9 inches by 6 inches or roughly 2/3rds of a sheet of notebook paper.  The size and shape made it very easy to store and also helped it not stand out when sitting on a counter.The stainless steel finish of the scale did not stain like plastic scales can and overall was easy to keep clean.Within a few months, the scale had gone through its first set of batteries.  Having no idea how long the scale sat in a warehouse, I attributed the incident to simply being shipped with stale batteries.  Normally this type of incident would be hardly worth mentioning, but the scale uses 2 CR2032 size batteries.  While the batteries can be quite cheap if ordered online, they can be a bit expensive if purchased locally.  If purchasing this scale, I would recommend purchasing a few CR2032 batteries as well.  It is also worth mentioning that simply swapping the battery positions in the scale did buy us another week or so before they died completely.  That gave us time to order a set of 5 batteries from Amazon.Having constantly weighted out portions of food for the better part of a year, my wife and I have a good idea of how much a portion weighs just by looking at it.  After about 3 months of hard usage, my wife noticed that the portion sizes seemed to become bigger.  I pulled an unopened 4 pound bag of powdered sugar and put it on the scale.  The bag weighed in at about 2.75 pounds.  Attempts to tare the scale were unsuccessful.  Even after resetting the scale with the tare button, the bag of sugar weighed the same.  We had to remove the batteries, leave them out for about 30 seconds and replace them to get the scale to return to normal operation and get the 4 pound bag of powdered sugar to weigh in at just over 4 pounds again.We have continued to use the scale.  Unfortunately, the calibration on the scale will wander.  The drifting seems to be a random event.  I've had to remove the batteries on the scale to reset it on a daily basis at times.  Other times, I have gone almost a month without having to do so.I have to say at first, I really loved this scale.  However, as the scale ages, the calibration issue makes it an unreliable product.  The 4 pound bag of powdered sugar now sits in close proximity to the scale and having to check the calibration of the scale is a necessity to be ensured of accurate readings.  As the whole point of a scale is to accurately weigh things and this product does not do that, I regretfully have to advise people to pass on this product.Update #1:  In all due fairness to the manufacturer, I thought it was best to provide an update to my product review.I had previously complained about the scale not weighing correctly in a seemingly random fashion.  The manufacturer did leave me a comment offering me to contact them for a replacement.  I did NOT take them up on this offer.  Rather, I opted to keep using the scale and trying to figure out what the pattern was and why the scale would not weight properly.After using the scale for quite a few months at this point, it appears that the scale I was provided begins to weigh improperly when the batteries are about to go dead.  Sometimes the scale will begin to stray and the batteries will go dead a few days later.  Other times, I'll change the batteries around after the scale loses its accuracy and the batteries will last another month.At least in my case, the scale loses its accuracy at the end of the battery's life.  I am lucky to get 1 to 2 months out of a set of batteries with this scale.  While I believe I have found the cause of the issue, it does not change my recommendation for this product.
**UPDATE AFTER THREE YEARS OF USE**I'm coming back after using this scale for three years and downgrading my original review from five stars to two for the following reasons:*The scale shuts off automatically after a short period of time so if you walk away for a moment to get another ingredient, it's possible your scale will be off when you return and it does not have an auto-recall feature of the last measurement taken.*No auto-recall feature so if it accidentally gets shut off, your measurement is gone.*The batteries have to be replaced approximately every six months, and there is no warning that they are getting low so one day it just stops working.*The scale goes back to zero immediately after removing your item, so you can only see what it weighs when the item is actually on the scale, which is INCREDIBLY frustrating if you are trying to weigh something that is large and covers the numbers on the scale (e.g. postal packages)I still like the size and styling of this scale and the fact that it will fit in the drawer easily, and I will continue to use it, but if I was shopping for a scale today I would choose one with the features I mentioned above. It should be noted that it's still going strong after three years, though, so that's a big plus.ORIGINAL REVIEW:For years, I've been getting by with a old-fashioned spring scale with a dial, and I thought it was good enough. However, after using this scale for the last few weeks I cannot figure out how I ever got by without it. It is fantastic!It is indeed ultraslim and light and is nearly invisible on top of my fridge. It's not very big so you need to use a bowl if you're weighing more than a few of something (potatoes, apples etc) but the tare feature makes that a snap. You just put on your empty bowl or container, press the 'tare' button to zero it out, and then add in whatever you're measuring. It will weigh things up to 11 pounds, and also measures fl oz and grams.I tested it using a measuring cup filled with water, and the scale registered the correct amount down to the ml. This is a great feature because you could put your bowl of ingredients on the scale, zero it out, and then pour in your liquid until you have the correct amount, as opposed to measuring it with a measuring cup.It also comes with a little book for calorie counting. It has hundreds of different food items listed with the calories based on weight, so you can quickly weigh your food instead of measuring it with a measuring cup to figure out calorie proportions. I haven't used this booklet very much but I can see that it would be very handy if you were really watching your calories.I'm extremely pleased with this scale and for the price it can't be beat.
I have been buying OXO products for ages, for my Mom and my Mom in-law, plus myself...and have loved all of the products so far...then this one came in and ruined my opinion of OXO.  I decided to put this together alone, with no help from my husband...as I watched the video with a young woman doing it alone, certainly I could also.  I did, but not without some swearing and being mad at the quality of this product.  First off, do not give up if you can't get the pole that is within the bottom pole to come out, it is what you need to do your height adjustment, it will if you just keep at it.  I didn't even realize there was a pole tucked inside of the bottom pole!  The gal in the video didn't point that out that I recall, neither do the directions with the product. We have a seat in the shower and that is where I was positioning it, so I needed just 7 feet from the seat to the ceiling. After I got the inner pole to obey, I got it all figured out, and adjusted and snapped it into place, the little plastic lever at the very bottom...I was SURE it was going to snap! It didn't.  So I have the pole in place, and proceeded to install the shelves. They are nicely constructed, I have hopes that they will not rust. The thing that I really do not like about this is its SO FLIMSY!  There is nearly 11&#34; of the ratchet pole that is extended to make this fit my shower, and let me tell you, it is really wobbly.  I put the shelves on it, they are still on there, and with shampoo's etc, I am expecting this thing to just GIVE and drop everything into the shower stall.  It slightly bows, I pointed this out to my husband saying we better not hold onto this thing for any reason at all, and he agreed. I will be back to alter this review if this product rusts or totally collapses. I really am disappointed with the quality of this OXO product, there were different ways they could of made this pole, as the one I just re-placed was sturdier construction, it was just old and getting some rust on it. I feel OXO could make this better and I hope they will, as the other products I have bought from them are excellently made and very user friendly.
The pole comes in four sections, which allows you to easily adjust its size. I ended up using three sections and leaving the extension part out. Installation was pretty quick and easy and I had the pole secure in less than 10 minutes and placed the trays on in another two.One of my concerns with the OXO pole caddy is that the pole bows after I lock it. I tried adjusting it and it wasn't easy to get the top touching the ceiling, then locking the base without the pole bowing. Another concern I have is with rusting. I have a hard time believing that the pole is actually "rust proof." I've used expensive OXO suction cup baskets in my shower that were supposed to be rust proof and they rusted in no time. I see from other reviewers that they've had rust problems with the pole caddy too.The OXO pole caddy might be worth trying for some people, but I'm disappointed in the quality of the pole. It should be constructed well enough that it doesn't bow when you lock it in. And I'm not sold that the caddies won't rust. To top it off, this is one heck of an expensive shower accessory. If you take a chance on this one, make sure you hold onto the packaging in case you need to return it.
Update: It's odd, but there's someone (or two) going around marking negative reviews of this product as "not helpful". Even another review that mentioned they could have provided better instructions was dinged. (update ends)I was really ready to like this. It looks good and feels like quality. The baskets are easy to hang.But ...There's a warning to follow the instructions to avoid property damage. So I followed them. Most other poles like this use a screw design to lock the pole in place. This one uses some weird lever at the bottom. So I maneuvered the pole into place. When you try to push the lever, the pole feels like it's getting shorter again. And when I pushed down the lever to lock the pole in place,BAM!It pushed my ceiling in. Made an L-shaped crack in the corner, about 3" to 4" each side. I took a picture so I'll see if I can add it to the pics here.That's going to cost about $200 to fix, I'll wager.I still give it two stars for build quality. But it cost me a pretty penny.I contacted OXO and have just gotten a response. We'll see what happens.
This had a lot of potential--I love that the shelves are easy to install and remove, both for adjusting the heights and for cleaning. It looks nice. The baskets are very deep so things won't get knocked over easily. They have hooks for your razor (if it's thin enough) and your poofy scrubby thing. There are holes so you can store your shampoo upside down rather than waiting impatiently for it get to the opening.But.During my second shower, it fell down on me. Not good. I tried putting it back up, but the circumstances were less than ideal.  So I gave up, tossed all my shower products onto the floor, dried off, and took a good hard look at it.To see the problem, you have to understand a bit how it works vs. other shower pole caddies. Most use a spring to ensure a snug fit against the ceiling. This works because the spring is more or less infinitely adjustable. This Oxo caddy, however, uses a telescoping pole with notches. It's not infinitely adjustable, it's only adjustable to the notch. If it doesn't fit snuggly against your ceiling on a notch in the telescoping, there will be a gap. A very small gap, maybe only a millimeter or two. You won't see it when you install it. You'll give it a tug or two to make sure it's securely in place, and it'll seem fine. You may not even notice it while you're loading up those nice baskets. But it's not tight. That means, at the most inconvenient time (during your shower, say, or at 3am, startling you awake from a dead sleep), it will crash.Because I had already gotten rid of my old shower caddy, I did some improvising with some cardboard and duct tape. Two layers of cardboard cut to fit the top rubber end, wrapped in duct tape for water-proofing and to affix it to the pole, and it's now tight. I hope. I really, really hope.Given the obscene cost of this, falling over on me is unforgivable. Given it's an OXO product, a brand known for its design and ease of use, having to MacGyver it is unacceptable. I'd give it one star except I really like the baskets. I will downgrade it to one star, however, if it falls on me again. Or falls down at all.
Unlike many reviewers, I did NOT see the television program advertising this product before I received it for review.  Thus, I was quite surprised by its tiny, tiny size.  This might be a great product if you're regularly cooking for one, but in my home, I need to prepare meals for two adults and a hungry child.  Thus, I need to use it two or maybe three times right in a row for a single meal, which is far from convenient (I can use our George Foreman family-size grill in less time).  This real excitement here seems to come from the various cooking surfaces you slide into your grill.  And yes, I'll admit, it was impressive to just keep pulling more and more of these grill trays out of the box, but when all is said and done, it's really not all that special.The grill plates work fine, of the three or so that I tested out.  I was annoyed by the instructions requesting that you basically heat and cook a full cycle up each of the empty trays before cooking on them for the first time.  That was a tedious process, that I'll bet few people actually do, and it made me less than eager to "get cookin' right away."  Beyond that, this thing is a big 'ole messy grill.  You would expect a popular "as seen on TV" product would have some fancy, easy-to-clean feature, but if there's a secret process, I don't know what it is.  The trays are messy, and naturally, they have to fully cool before you can remove them... by which time foods like cheese and sauces have grown cold and hard on the cooking surfaces.  So, there be scrubbing ahead with just about any type of cooking from sandwiches to donuts (more like tiny, mini-donuts considering the size of this "Big Boss.")I was excited about this grill, but it ultimately failed me in every way.  Functionality: Nah.  Mess-free: Big No.  Attractive Enough to Leave on the Countertop?  Well, it's certainly tiny enough to fit into a corner, but it's not all that exciting with that dull silver finish.  But more than anything, that huge rack of cooking trays just begs to be shoved to the far back of any cabinet.
Basically I wanted this Big Boss Grill because I wanted something to do grilled chicken breasts for when a recipe called for grilled chicken breast, for instance for a fajita salad...Also every now and again I like a couple grilled hamburgers and this would have kept me from having to haul out the grill.  However food cooked in it does not resemble grilled food really at all.  The chicken breast was quite compacted and formed a slightly browned tough skin on the outside, although it was tasty despite that and it cooked fast.  The chicken breast was quite thick and because it was squished by both plates it cooked faster and more uniformly but it seems to me that the taste is different than conventional cooking. If the plates were cast iron I think it would've made all the difference in the taste.  So if you are looking for grilled meat taste this is NOT the cooking equipment you need.I also made a grilled cheese on it and it worked well I thought.  It has enough room to make two sandwiches at a time..but it's a tight fit.  I buttered two slices of bread and stuck some cheese in the middle and I thought they came out decent..but still I was tasting an off taste.A lot of the recipes call for pastry dough or pizza dough and dough that is not baked, just sounds too bad to be good.I was going to try the doughnuts but it calls for 1 tbs of batter for each cup..so figured I would be wasting my time.I used the Big Boss grill only twice and the writing on the bottom section..don't remember what it said now..is barely visible...as the moisture and grease leaks out because the grill does not shut fully.  That's a safety function I guess cause it would explode if it closed completely..I'm assuming...anyway, so the moisture from the food gets down inside the buttons that release the plates so I'm thinking that is not a good thing.
I am less than impressed with the Big Boss Grill. For me, the number one thing a kitchen product absolutely HAS to be (besides functional) is EASY TO CLEAN and during my initial observation of this product I could easily see that it would make a mess when using it with anything that made grease and also that cleaning it would make using it not worth the trouble.  I temporarily put my fears aside and got ready to do a bit of cooking.I tested this thing over a period of 5 days and here are my observations and conclusions:All the little cooking tray/plate thingies seem very thin and not up to the job really.  They are touted as being non stick and I am here to tell you that they do indeed stick.  I made burgers, eggs, grilled sandwiches and waffles and had to physically scrub the surfaces of the cooking trays to get them clean.The grill itself seems on the cheapo side and didn't inspire confidence as far as long durability goes.Basically, unlike a George grill where the grease runs off by gravity and into a little separate tray for dumping, the Big Boss just lets the grease SIT THERE . Only it doesn't just sit there, it overflows all over the rest of the grill, down the front, back and sides and into places you can't actually get into to clean.  We have an ant problem in our home and anything with even a speck of grease is instantly covered in ants.  The Big Boss would be a constant banquet for them. That's IF I were to keep using it, which I am not.  Now maybe I am doing something wrong, but for the life of me I can't figure out WHAT that might be.On the plus side, (yes, there are a few) the Big Boss heats up reasonably fast and DOES seem to cook the food as well as my George.  However, when you factor in the mess it makes for anything with batter or grease and the fact that cleaning the grill and the trays is not quick and easy but tedious, then it starts to become very clear that this is NOT something I want to use in my kitchen.Just a word about the actual SIZE of this thing.  I can't figure out WHY it is called the BIG Boss Grill.  It is anything BUT big.  Even the box that everything comes in isn't all that big.  Hmmmm, maybe "BIG" as in big waste of time and money? "BIG" pain in the rear? Hmmmm...... If you order this I will leave it up to you to decide....For the price of this Big Boss Grill I could purchase TWO George grills, either of which would outperform this one, extra fancy trays not withstanding.
The dictionary defines the word "BIG" as large or great in dimension, with bulk, large or great in quantity.  Well makers of this "Big Boss Grill" need to look up the word Big and redesign a product that properly reflects the description.  This grill is suited best for one, maybe two people at most.A product like this should be versatile, convenient, somewhat rugged, and easy to clean.  Unfortunately the Big Boss Grill misses virtually all of these traits.  Sure, it can be considered versatile, but at the expense of making quite a mess.  They give you a lot of cooking plates; so many that it takes a stand to hold them.  Who wants that sitting on their counter?  This grill has no method of draining grease and oil away from your food, except by allowing it to pool up in the channels of the cooking plate.  What happens when the channels start to fill up?  The grease and oil starts to run out the ends of the grill, making a horrible mess, and even creating a potential electrocution hazard to the operator.  The construction of the product is mediocre at best, with a weak hinge design, and not even so much as a power button or switch.  That's right; the power plug is your on/off switching method.  I don't like anything that instantly tries to draw a high current while you are plugging it in.  That is just dangerous.  Almost as dangerous as when the grease from the cooking trays starts running down the side and into the opening where the power cord enters the grill.Results of the food I grilled varied a great deal, depending on what I was cooking.  Sandwiches grilled up nicely and rather quickly.  Burgers took much longer, were rather dry, and the amount of grease all over the grill and counter top made me decide to never use this grill for burgers again!  Grilling chicken breasts was slower yet, and they came out extremely dry.  I did make an omelet, but found the process and cleanup to be much more tedious than just getting out a pan and making it the old fashioned way.Overall there is very little, if anything, that impresses me about this product.  For the money they are asking, there are so many better choices to be had; such as the bargain pricedCuisinart WM-SW2 Dual-Sandwich Nonstick Electric Grill.  I'm not saying that the Big Boss Grill is completely useless, but they have designed and constructed it in a way that clearly reflects bottom shelf quality and manufacturing standards.  If you are single and want a simple grilled cheese sandwich, when you may want to give this bad boy a whirl.  However, if you are cooking for two or more people, and/or don't want to have an awful mess every time you decide to use your portable electric grill, then invest your money in a higher quality product.  It's small, poorly designed, and extremely messy to use.  I guess maybe including the word "Big" in their product title is not a reference to physical size, but rather the mess it is capable of creating.  Sorry folks, a 2 star rating is rather generous for this "As Seen On TV" contraption.  I hope my review will save some frustration and money for someone out there.  =o)
Everything you'd expect from a good quality grill is not present on this thing.Lets start with the basics - the box yells that this is a 15 piece grill. That may sound great, but when almost all the pieces are junk, you really can't use it as a selling point. Plates are very, very thing and weigh next to nothing. Like most grill plates, they stink the first couple of times you use them.Then there is the non-stick "coating". I say "coating", because nothing in the plates shows any results of anything non-stick. Unless you really spray on a heavy coating of non-stick spray, everything will stick to these - even greasy food.Perhaps the biggest problem is the lack of an effective grease collection channel - if you cook anything with any fat in it, you'll have a machine and countertop covered in grease. During one test, the grease got under the plate and smoked up the whole house.On paper, this is a great idea - but in reality, I really can not recommend it.
Given the many negative reviews of the Big Boss Grill, I was not sure what to expect, but I approached it with an open mind. What you get is an electric appliance that can take sets of cooking plates of various shapes, a plastic rack to store the plates, instruction and recipe book.  The recipe book is useful, but is also padded - for example, some five or six variations on omelets. Don't take the "Big Boss" name literally - the whole grill is about nine inches wide.  It can make a single regular sandwich, but other things such as burgers or waffles will need to be small.  The "donut" plate it provides makes tiny donut-shape bites.The grill plates themselves are aluminum (or some similar alloy) with a non-stick coating on one side. The coating did, at least for the few things I tried it on, allow easy washing of the plates. There is no power switch - you have to unplug the unit to turn it off.  There are two lights, one indicating power and another indicating that it is up to temperature.The Big Boss Grill most closely resembles a panini press, and it can be used for that, but the hinge is fixed so if your sandwich is at all thick, the top will not close nor rest evenly on the sandwich. A real panini press has a sliding hinge. The first thing I tried was a grilled cheese sandwich, and it did a fine job on that. The lid would not lock down, but I could watch the progress of the sandwich and remove it when the cheese had melted.Flushed with success, I tried waffles, a favorite of mine. Apparently I did not put enough oil in the mix as the waffles stuck mightily to the plates, but I would have forgiven that if it weren't for the fact that the batter oozed out from between the plates and got into crevices in the hinge area, including around the power cable that connects the two sides.  Not only was this incredibly difficult to clean afterward, but I worry about a design that encourages liquids to collect near a power opening.Using the Big Boss grill to make omelets seems a bit wrong to me - what you end up with is an omelet-shaped scrambled egg mixture with your additions mixed in, since there is no way for a layer of cooked egg to fold on top of the vegetables, etc.  Not quite the same thing.As long as you avoid using the waffle plate, or anything else that would let liquids run out the back of the grill, I could see some usefulness of the Big Boss grill for singles or others who had small appetites. But the poor design of the hinge area and the potential safety hazard it entails means that I cannot recommend the Big Boss Grill.
Ceramic kitchen knives have a number of benefits over standard metal blades: they maintain their sharpness for far longer, they do not pit if used with highly acid or alkali foods, and they have a lighter weight, leading to greater chef comfort if used for an extended period of cutting. The downside of ceramic knives is that they chip easily - don't drop it, use it to cut frozen foods, or use it to cut bone-in meat/chicken. They're fine in the dishwasher if they won't hit against other items. Ceramic knives are simple to wash because the ceramic has such high density that it cleans up easily and quickly.The Victorinox knife available here has a very effective white blade; I just cut several pounds of sushi into thin slices, using it instead of my usual Pure-Komachi, which has a stainless blade. I found the ceramic blade to work just as well, though I prefer the handle of the Pure-Komachi. The proper grip of a chef's knife involves placing ones fingers on the blade itself; the Victorinox handle design is such that there is greater comfort if you don't hold the knife in this manner but rather simply hold the handle. The blade gets five stars; the handle gets three, giving us a 4 star total.Addendum: The knife lasted two months, before meeting its end as we used it to halve a delicata squash. These are thin-skinned varieties which are firm but which I wouldn't have expected to destroy the ceramic knife. My mistake. I'm leaving the four stars on the basis that the destruction of the knife was on me for not understanding its limitations. That said, and as lovely as the knife was to work with, I'll return to metal knives for now.Further addendum: Although the knife was sent back to Victorinox with an explanation as to how the knife broke, I received nothing back from Victorinox - no response at all and not even an email to say that the knife arrived. Customer service is at a low here; even if Victorinox felt that I was unworthy of a replacement, perhaps having determined that I received the knife as a review model, or maybe feeling that no right-minded knife bearer would use their tool on an unsuspecting squash, they had my email address. Send me an email telling me their side, so that I would stop wondering if the knife ended up at their Warranty Department where I'd sent it. Lousy customer service shouldn't be supported - drop from 4 to 2 stars on that basis.
The Mister Coffee BVMC-PSTX91 Optimal Brew 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker is far from optimal.First, plastic everywhere.  I don't mind plastic for cold water, but plastic for hot water is a no no.  When will coffee maker manufacturers get a clue?Second, the claim that it produces hotter coffee and keeps it hotter longer, is simply not true.I made six cups of coffee and the temperature was acceptable when I poured the first two cups.  I went back for more about 60 minutes later and the coffee was around room temperature.  I thought maybe I did something wrong, so I read the instructions and I had not.The clock is super dim, and I could not find a way to turn off the annoying beeping (making coffee is load enough and you can always tell when it is done).The only thing going for this coffee maker are the looks.  In terms of functionality, it just does not stand up to a normal glass carafe with a heating plate.  If you will drink the coffee within 10 minutes of making it, I think you will be fine.Oh, and the removable water tank is a great idea, but it is a bit wonky to clean it and it is difficult to fill it from a water filter. You need to lift the water tank up to remove it. The coffee filter slides out, on the other side.  So wherever you position the machine you need maybe 5 inches of clearance above it on the left, and maybe 6 inches of clearance on the right.I wanted to love this coffee maker, but alas it does not hold up to the marketing claims.
I was so excited to try this machine since I abhor mopping with a traditional mop and pail. I wanted to actually get my floor CLEAN and thought that this was the ticket, what with all of the glowing reviews. Sadly, using this product hardly seemed to be worth all of the effort it took. First, this thing is a workout to use. Pushing and pulling it for over an hour on my tiled floors wore me out. It kept missing a piece of cantaloupe stuck on the kitchen floor, and a spot of dried tea. I kept going over the same spots, with no luck, when a light bulb went off (!) and I used a wet sponge to get them up in ONE try. Another problem is that the solution goes so fast when using this thing. The bottle that came with it was gone after only cleaning the kitchen, part of a short hallway, and part of a bathroom. It did not clean between tiles, it did not dry up the water well (so I had to dry it up with a towel), it is very loud..... I could go on all day. The main thing that I learned from this experience is that some things are just better when done the good old fashioned way-- ie getting down on your hands and knees if you want to really clean your floor. It sounded too good to be true, it was too good to be true, and it is a waste of plastic. The extra star is for making my dirty floors smell good...
Okay, I'll admit it-- maybe I just haven't used this vacuum cleaner/floor cleaner on the right surface yet. I only say this because I found the results to be had from using it the same as those I'd get from a mop and bucket, but with much more prep involved.I used this floor cleaner only on tile, so maybe it would be a more valuable cleaning tool on wood or concrete, I don't know. The only wood floors I have are lightly sealed pine, so I don't feel comfortable using this cleaning tool on those because it does put out quite a bit of water and seems sloppier and less controllable than simple mopping.I thought the FloorMate did an okay job on my tile but not any better than I would get from the usual mopping. I used the vacuum cleaner function of the unit prior to washing and found it to be the equivalent of a not very good stick vacuum cleaner when it came to sucking power, so if you're buying it as a dual purpose cleaning tool I'd give it a miss.I used the solution that came with the vacuum, which seemed comparable to my Hoover carpet cleaner solution (as a side note, the Hoover carpet cleaner is an AWESOME tool). I'm not crazy about using anything to clean other than vinegar, unless something nasty has happened. However, I thought maybe the Hoover cleaning solution would clean the grout lines better than mopping with plain vinegar--but that didn't happen.The unit is light to carry and easy to put together, but I honestly don't think it is a necessary part of the average cleaning arsenal. If you want to wash hard floors, buy the larger and more versatile Hoover carpet cleaner, as you get carpet and hard floor cleaning function in one.
It is very simple to operate (except for having to hold down the frother button), but that didn't help as I couldn't get it to work well with any type or temperature of milk. The volume increase did not justify the effort and batteries. Overall, not quite ready for prime time.
When I first reviewed this mattress, I rated it 4 stars.  It took some getting used to, but we thought it was comfortable, especially for the price range it is in.  Fast forward 6 months and we are miserable on it.  It is very uncomfortable and we ache so much in the morning and are very stiff getting out of bed and have to gradually work out the aches and kinks.  We went away for the holidays and slept on a cheap air mattress for several days and woke up with no aches, no stiffness and feeling refreshed.  That is when we really realized how much damage and discomfort this mattress was causing us.  I would not recommend getting this mattress.
As much as I do appreciate having received these glasses I must say they are rather flimsy. Very thin glass and the silicone grip, even though makes them look nice, do not prevent your hand from hot water. By the looks I thought they would be very appealing to try, learning they were dishwasher safe and microwavable, made them even more so. Upon receiving them and opening the box in which they came I picked one up and realized the glass was very thin, not that I was expecting really thick glass, but it was thin. Showed them around and after Ahh's and Uhh's from the crowd in the house I immediately put them to the hot water test by making a cup of green tea, in this case. Even though the silicone somewhat lessened the heat the glass was still hot enough to where they lost their appeal almost immediately. I am not saying that for any cold beverage they would be more efficient, but considering the size and the delicate nature of the glass, they did not make the grade. I can not attest to their durability but they looked and felt fragile, may or may not be wrong on my assessment.Like always, very thankful to Amazon for giving me the opportunity to try these glasses. I was hoping that the silicone was going to protect the hands against the heat associated with a hot cup of something but it was not to be.  Good looking at first glance but not the kind of glassware that can become a staple in the household. Too hot to the touch, rather flimsy. 2 Stars.
Like many reviewers, I was turned off by the thin glass when this product first arrived. However, the first time you bake in the big one, you'll appreciate how light it is. We've taken these straight from the oven to the table, and later (after cooling outside!) to the fridge, and they work exactly as advertised. They also clean up well. So as far as cooking performance goes, these work great.But they're not perfect. The lids, which are potentially the most innovative part of the design, are very thin and flimsy. Yes, they work well in the oven as covers, and you can indeed wrap them around the side of the dish to hold the hot dish. But the handles you see in the photo will not allow you to pick up the dish, and the lid is too flimsy to allow stacking of anything else on top in the fridge. In fact, stretch wrap is stronger in this regard! unfortunately, there's no lip on the dish, so you have to wrap the stretch wrap carefully for it to stick well.We continue to use these for cooking and serving, but usually find it necessary to transfer to another dish for storage in the fridge. I want to give the set 3.5 stars. But the choices are three stars or four, and they are better than a three star product, so my final rating is four stars. Still hunting for the perfect solution...UPDATE AFTER THREE MONTHS: The small bowl shattered when it fell less than three feet. This does not happen with Pyrex. Lowered the rating to three stars.UPDATE AFTER ONE YEAR: Both bowls have shattered. We do have two nice silicon hot pads left over, but the pots are gone. Lowered the rating to two stars.
It's great that the design feature's best characteristics is the weight, but the overall product didn't impress me much.The main negative aspect of this product is the lack of handles. You can use the lid to grip the bowl, but if the bowl is hot, that silicon is super thin and it's really hot. Not to mention the lid isn't very secure on the bowl. It only lightly covers the top and the actual grip place is very small.As a Baking Dish, it's a horrible product. It would be better to use a Pryex or a Corningware product for baking. Even using it to warm food in the microwave, had the same handling problems.In the end, the bowls are best used for non-heated stuff like salads and cold pastas.The lack of good handles and the slippery nature of the bowl was too great of an issue for me to like the product.
In the past I have had a couple of different George Foreman's and a couple of other brands of countertop grills. I have to say that for what I use the grills for, I don't really like this Shaper Image Grill very much. I usually use mine for griddle uses the most. I love to fix breakfast on these. Scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage. There isn't an easier or less messy way to fix breakfast. The griddle usage for this is one is weak.The grill is a large size with a good size of cooking surface, especially since this machine opens up and you can cook on the top plate and the bottom plate. That is probably it's best feature compared to others.  It comes with 5 interchangeable non-stick plates: 2 waffle plates, 2 grill plates and 1 griddle plate. That's my first complaint - since you can open it up and cook on the top and bottom, you would usually be doing this while using the griddle plates but only 1 is included. The other major issue for me is the plates have a drip hole in the side of the plates. That is great if you are wanting to drain the grease off of bacon but I can't fix my scrambled eggs. Anything liquid runs out the drip holes.Honestly, I love a countertop grill but was so disappointed in this one. The plates feel pretty flimsy also and the top plate doesn't get as hot as the bottom so you have to flip your food over for even cooking, which is a hassle if you are just trying to fix a simple sandwich. The controls seems flimsy and are kind of confusing to use. You use one knob if you are cooking with the grill open and another if you are using it closed and a third knob to turn to which way you are cooking - open or closed.The hinged lid also doesn't work well. It does vary in height but doesn't lock into place so when I fixing a pizza on the griddle plate, there is no way to keep the lid off of the cheese so I had to stick something in the side to hold it up. Very aggravating.I think the drip holes and the lids are the biggest drawbacks of this machine for me. There are certainly better options out there.
***UPDATED REVIEW TO 2 STARS***Changing the rating from 5 to 2 stars and going back to one of George's grills. After using this grill 20-30 times (2 - 3 times a week for about 10 weeks), the mechanism securing the top plate no longer functions as it should. The grill is still usable, but the plates don't align as they once did and the top half wobbles. The problem allows lots more grease to splatter which leaves an oily outline around the grill on the counter after each use.***ORIGINAL 5 STAR REVIEW BELOW***The quick overview is that I highly recommend Sharper Image's "Super Grill" as your best bet for this price range. Compared to similarly priced better known competitors, you'll be happy with the Super Grill's highly desirable differentiating features.First, but not the most important, the Sharper Image grill is really pleasing aesthetically. It just looks better than any of the others we've owned over the years and we won't park it away after every use. The stainless steel finish provides a more refined look and makes it worthy of a continued presence on the counter.However, as we all know, good looks don't guarantee superior performance. Luckily for The Sharper Image, the Super Grill kicked butt in the area of performance. Immediately noticeable was that the Sharper Image grill heated up and was ready to cook in just over two minutes. Its ugly rival always took a full 9 minutes. The temperature controls on the Super Grill are also more precise with a more pronounced increase when turning up its settings.Another marked difference was that the Super Grill has an obviously higher maximum temperature. When grilling, a high temperature is key to browning. If the temperature isn't sufficient at first contact, burgers come out slightly grey and chicken breasts end up looking a bit yellow. The Super Grill gets hot enough to brown food to provide that all important, appetite enhancing, finished appearance often missing when grilling indoors.A great feature sorely missing from many of its rivals is the Super Grill's ability to open up completely. Many indoor grills only allow full contact grilling where the food cooks in between upper and lower grilling surfaces.The Super Grill's design allows it to be completely opened so that both plates are available as bottom cooking surfaces. The amount of food that can be cooked at one time is doubled by the Super Grill.The Super Grill is for home use only, but it feels like professional grade. Compared to the almost same sized rival grill we recently decommissioned, the Super Grill is noticeably heavier and appears to be of a sturdier design. One thing we noticed when contact grilling is that the upper plate rests heavier and more securely when closed atop chicken breasts. Our last grill's top plate wobbled about a bit when closed and didn't rest heavy enough against the food to provide sufficient grill marks.Besides the two cooking plates that make grilling marks, there is a smooth faced grill plate that can be used to cook pancakes, fry eggs, etc. The remaining two plates included with the grill are for making waffles. All plates are non-stick and dishwasher safe.Regarding the non-stick surfaces being dishwasher safe, from experience I have to recommend hand washing. The Super Grill may very well have plates with a non-stick surface coating superior to its rivals, but I'm not taking the chance because I really want to keep this grill in operation for a long, long time.It's been my experience that using the dishwasher to repeatedly clean non-stick coated surfaces can result in blistering and flaking. The plates from our previous grill were also marked as dishwasher safe, but over time the destruction of the coating rendered the plates almost unusable without heavy applications of spray oil, like Pam.I have a really easy way to keep grill plates clean without subjecting them to the potential harm of automatic dish-washing. Immediately after using your grill, unplug it from the wall. Soak a paper towel and squeeze out the excess water. Quickly lay the paper towel flat on the bottom grill surface and close the top. The resulting steam loosens up most stuck bits. Once the grill has completely cooled, open it and use the paper towel to wipe the plates fully clean.While I'm rating the Super Grill as worthy of Five Stars, it does have a couple of minor negatives. The first is grease drainage. Many of its competitors have drip pans that run the full width of the unit allowing grease to more easily drain. The Super Grill has much more attractive drip containers, but the grease is channeled to one small area from which to drain. The result is that less grease drains while cooking.The other improvement that I would like to see is to simply include another of the flat surfaced grilling pans. Obviously,two plates are required to cook waffles and two with grill lines are needed for full contact grilling. The manufacturer probably figured (rightly) that only one plate was necessary to cook eggs and such since one wouldn't do so with the grill in the closed operating position. However, an extra flat grill plate would conveniently double the amount of space available if one was in the mood to cook up a whole mess of pancakes at once.All in all, the minor detractions noted are minute takeaways. After having owned four previous grills by two other manufacturers, I can most assuredly state that you will realize a huge bang from your buck by buying The Sharper Image's "Super Grill."Now.. Who else is hungry? Happy grilling!
Had one of these 13 years ago made by another company. This one looks better and is a little easier to clean with its so labeled automatic clean setting, but it still is a bite to clean. I would much rather put food on the grill or regular stock pot. But it is cool and does work fair except for the cleaning thing. Sometimes the food is well done on the outside and not done enough on the inside. This is more of a novelty than something that I will ever use again. I feel it is more trouble than its worth
I used it twice and then it went downhill from there. Not really built for the long haul. I thought I had done something wrong but I'm seeing other reviewers are having the same problem.But while it worked, I **LOVED** what it did with the chicken I cooked up. So tender and delicious! I'm going to look for something like this that can withstand a couple of uses.
Note:  While the product box does NOT say SteamVac, the listing on this site calls it that.  This is NOT a SteamVac!  You add hot water to the unit, there is no heating or steaming functionality.I'll cut to the chase and say that I'm no big fan of the Hoover Quick and Light Carpet Cleaner.  I do have an expensive heavyweight steam cleaner that I rarely use due to the fact that it's a chore and I'm lazy!  So I thought the Quick and Light might make my life a bit easier.  At best, this unit might help pick up fresh spills that have not set in.  But it comes nowhere close to fulfilling the other promises that its packaging indicates.  You would not want to utilize this product for a full room, and it simply doesn't have the ability to handle established high traffic stains.  Trust me, I realize that for convenient products, it is best to have reasonable expectations.  In no way did I anticipate that this would be a full fledged cleaning alternative.  But even with lowered expectations, the machine frustrated me more than I thought possible.Perhaps the biggest disappointment is in the promise of "5 Scrubbing Rows of Brushes."  This is rather misleading as there is no scrubbing action at all as the brushes don't rotate or do much of anything.  The only scrubbing action is provided by the user.  With limited suction, I basically just got my carpet wet as I tried to power up enough physical force to get the brushes into my carpet.  It didn't affect set-in stains or traffic areas one bit.  Just made the carpet wet and matted.Plus:The unit is lightweight and reasonably portable.Easy to assemble.Cons:Brushes don't scrub.Minimal Suction.Not A SteamVac, no matter what the product title says.If you need a light refresher, maybe this is fine.  But you still need a bigger and more expensive unit to achieve any real difference.  It is a supplementary product at best.  If you have the money to spend and the space to store it, it has some uses.  But if you're looking for something you'll use often, this isn't really it.  At least, it wasn't for me.  KGHarris, 7/12.
This set consists of a bamboo holder and 13 tools: spoons, spatulas, a pasta grabber, and tongs. They look very attractive in the picture, but that's about all I can say for them.Up close, you see that the workmanship is not very good. Most of them have a rough feel that isn't very comfortable, and that I frankly found distracting. Which is not a good thing when you're trying to concentrate on cooking. There was one spatula in the stet that had a nice smooth finish. They need to put the person who made it in charge of quality control. One of the slotted spoons is twice as thick as anything else in the set, and feels very cumbersome compared to the rest of the set. It's the kind of spoon my momma would have liked to whomp me with, LOL.The pasta grabber had one loose "tooth", it just fell out the first time I picked it up. I would worry about the rest of them coming loose. The biggest disappointment in the set was the tongs. It takes a lot of force to hold it closed. And when my wife was trying it out, one of the arms came off at the base. (The tongs, not my wife.) It was just held on by a small brad, and it didn't look like there was any glue holding it on. The other side appeared to be glued, but I still wouldn't trust it to hold up under use.If you're serious about what you're doing, whether it's woodworking, electronics or cooking, it's worth buying tools that are good quality and built to last. This set isn't either. Save your money and invest in a good utensil set. You can get theOXO Good Grips 5-Piece Nylon Tool Set, which is all you really need for basic cooking. And for $35 you can get theKitchenaid Classic 17-piece Tools and Gadget Set, Blackor theMaxam 17pc Kitchen Tool Set. And if you're on a budget there's theFarberware Classic 17-Piece Tool and Gadget Setfor only $20. That's just on the first page of a search for "kitchen utensils".At least I got a nice bamboo holder that I'll put next to the stove for my most-used utensils.
I love rice cookers mostly because they come with a steamer basket as this one does. But this basket is made of plastic instead of stainless steel. This plastic basket is not BPA free so it's of no use to me, I'm not going to steam anything in plastic which gives off industrial chemical resins, Bromide or other dangerous chemicals/halides which create illness in our bodies. To me, this seems like a very cheap way to go for Black and Decker. Would it cost so much more for a stainless steel basket which wouldn't ruin our health?The actual rice cooking goes well, although it is messy. I needed to put the end of a towel under the lid to stop the steam and juice from running all over the counter. It's sort of like a crock pot in that way, as I've always needed to do this with my own crock pot because the lid doesn't fit tight. It needs to allow air to escape.I can't recommend this overall as I've worked with much better rice cookers which sport better steamer baskets. I will be able to steam veggies in this by using my metal colander...... as this fits nicely inside the well. You disappoint me, Black and Decker!
I've been using anOster 6-Cup (Cooked) Rice Cooker with Steam Traythat I got on special as my primary rice cooker, and after trying this Black&Decker; I'm not likely to change. The major flaw with this design is the tiny hole for the steam that is built into the lid. I have a similar model made for up to 6 cups of rice, which has the exact same size of hole. That hole works much better on the 6-cup model, since there's so much less steam to vent. If you've ever boiled something on your stovetop with a regular pot lid on, you know that the amount of steam escaping will quickly build up until the whole lid is shaking and spitting. Add starchy rice, and it can get messy.A "real" rice cooker relies on both pressure and heat to cook rice. This is why the (more expensive) models you'll see in use at any Asian eatery has a hefty locking lid- the bigger lid intelligently keeps the right level of pressure during cooking, and has a more complex method of allowing steam to escape. So your only option rice-wise with this cooker is to rise your water thoroughly before cooking to eliminate starch, and I'd still recommend placing a towel to catch escaping water.When you're steaming, the basket sits loosely on top of the pot, so you get a little more pressure relief. This is why steaming veggies generally goes more smoothly- no starch problems, and the unit has more ways to vent pressure. That makes this a decent, cheap crock-pot.The timing of this pot is also pretty questionable. Even on my six-cup cooker, when the knob clicks off to say the cooking is done, your rice is ready. That's how a rice cooker is supposed to work. On this model however, clicking to "warm" only means the boil cycle is done- just like doing rice on the stovetop, the rice needs an extra 15 minutes to soak up the hot water. Because of this, the unit isn't really even a rice cooker at all, it's just a one-touch water boiler.Overall, I have to say avoid the Black&Decker; line of "rice cookers", and most American brand names for the same reason. They're really just scaled-up water boilers. This works okay for a 2-6 cup cooker like I have, but the problems compound as you scale it up. If you regularly make large pots of rice, you should really pay out for a top Asian name of "fuzzy logic" rice cookers, which have extra sensors to gauge temperature and doneness so they make a perfect pot every time.
First off let's focus on a serious product flaw with this product. The JOY iPod/iPhone docking station and Kitchen Scale, also known as the Ade Model Joy/KE999 kitchen scale, is continually stuck in the gram unit mode. Although the instructions indicate that pressing the ON/TARE button changes the scale from grams to pounds, this does not work. In fact, pushing the ON/TARE button does nothing other than turn the unit on.According to Frieling USA, Inc., the item's distributor, there is an error with the early production units. They indicate that newer production units due in early March 2011 will solve the problem. A replacement unit is promised to me when they become available.Now let's look at the product itself. The concept of a scale that doubles as an iPod/iPhone dock is interesting, but also somewhat dubious. Is there really synergy between these two functions--especially as there are so many less pricey iPod and iPhone docks available these days.A minor gripe. The product uses a CR2032 battery. While this battery is readily available, using the more common and less pricey AA or AAA batteries would have been preferable.The product is rounded and on the smallish size. That makes it perfect for our tiny kitchen with it's condensed counter space. It's a nice design that is pleasing with an easy to read display. It looks like the product will be easy to clean.Despite these positives, a scale sold in the United States that only reads in grams is a flaw that cannot be overlooked. It renders the product virtually unusable here and should not have been overlooked in the early production units. Until this flaw has been corrected, you should avoid purchasing the product. I will update this review when the replacement unit has arrived.*** Update ***The distributor reported that, since I have an Amazon Vine review unit, it is the most recent version of the device--the one that will be received by purchasers in March. He went on to indicate that you must switch the units (grams or pounds) as soon as you turn on the scale. (Essentially, this is a double press of the ON/TARE button with the unit off.) If you wait until the screen says 0 before pressing the switch the units will not change.I tried this. At first the scale indicated "UNSE", most likely because something was on the scale when I turned it on, and then it eventually displayed ounces. In some cases switching it from grams shows ounces. Sometimes it shows pounds and ounces. I'm not sure why this is so. Although this workaround did work, this kind of operation is rather unintuitive to say the least. It also isn't mentioned in the user guide.The bottom line is that this is a decent scale with a questionable marriage of an iPod/iPhone dock and with a strange user interface. if you purchase it, make sure that you are sent the latest version of the device.
I was actually excited about this product when I first ordered it. I have been wanting a kitchen scale for a long time now. Many of the recipes I cook from are from international cooking books, which use different measurements, and it's nice to be able to weigh out how many grams of a food I have with the scale. Additionally, I like to listen to podcasts while I cook, and my previous solution to that was to turn the volume on my computer in the other room way up.As far as sound quality, the station sounds pretty good. Volume is controlled from inside the scale (or from your ipod), which is a little awkward. The speakers are big enough where I can enjoy the music and it doesn't sound tinny. There are no special adapters needed and it fits my ipod Nano just fine. The scale does charge the ipod once the adapter is plugged into the wall, so I'm not sure why some reviewers said it doesn't. There is also a line in jack on the back of the scale in case you want to use a separate audio player.As to the scale, this is where I had the problem. I didn't find accurate measurements using it. My scale was always off by a small amount. I measured a lot of different food items that were pre-packaged, so I knew their correct weight, and when those were off, I then measured some actual weights, which were also off. If the scale won't measure accurately, all I can really use it for is the iPod player. It's also a bit awkward to use as a scale, because the ipod plugs into the front, so you have to put your food behind it on the scale. It would make a lot more sense to me to have the iPod plug into the back of the scale.I'll still use the device to play music in my kitchen, and will occasionally use it for measurements since it's only off by about 1/10 of an ounce, but if you want precise measurements OR a nice-sounding iPod speaker, I would look elsewhere. I'm not sure why someone thought it was a good idea to combine these two.
I thought this was an odd pairing from the get go.  Do you really want to be weighing food on something that's holding your iPod?  Do you really want to be pulling your iPod out of the dock and closing the protective cover every time you need to weigh something?  Still, I've been wanting an iPod dock for the kitchen for a while, so I thought I'd check it out.The scale itself is pretty much no frills, with an almost cheap-looking display.  It does have a tare function, which is nice, and it does a good job of weighing things -- presumably anyway, since I didn't have anything with which to check its accuracy.  The rest of the scale has a kind of sleek, modern quality which is actually much more attractive than the business side.  The protective cover for the docking area is nice enough, though a bit difficult to open, and as it stands up next to your iPod when the pod is in the dock, there's a chance that it's going to get broken off.  I suppose the choices were potential loss or potential breakage.  Still, I'd have liked to see a little more thought go into that cover. And all the controls are on the back of the scale, beside the speaker, under the weighing platform.  Yeah, not so convenient.  Why not on the display area?The dock does charge your iPod, and will accommodate an iPhone, or so they say.  As I don't have one, I couldn't say for sure.  But the iPod touch both plays and recharges properly in the dock.  The sound is about what you'd expect. It's not great, but it's good enough.What I found really odd is that the iPod dock runs off of household current, but the scale runs off a battery (included.)  I found this out by plugging the whole thing in and setting my iPod to charge, and then discovering that the scale didn't work.  At first I thought that this might be a safety feature to keep your iPod from being damaged, but no, it's just that you have to put the battery in to get the scale to work.  Somehow this just doesn't seem sensible to me.  I get having a batter back-up, though the functions on this unit are hardly ones that someone would be desperate to have during a power outage.  But to separate power sources like that seems silly to me.  Perhaps there's a reason, but absent knowing it, I find the idea rather wasteful.The Joy electronic scale wouldn't be a bad deal for about half the price.  As it is, you could probably do a lot better even if it meant spending an extra $10 or $15.
ADE Germany (but really made in China) is well-known for making good kitchen scales, but I don't know why they would combine an iPod dock and a scale together as one.The glass weighing section itself measures 5-1/4" in diameter, the scale overall measures 9-1/4" front to back and 6-1/2" across.  The maximum weighing limit is 11 pounds.A plastic piece is removed to insert your iPod, but I don't recommend using it this way.  Just be happy it's an accurate scale and place your iPod someplace else.  Even if you don't have an iPod, there is an "audio in" jack in the back where you could use any MP3 player with a 1/8" to 1/8" cable.....but why would you want to?  The speaker sounds mediocre at best.  No bass and tinny-sounding speaker.If using this strictly as a weighing scale, no need to use the AC power.  Which I totally recommend, just use this as a scale and don't risk spilling food or liquid on your iPod or MP3 player.The instruction book is somewhat incorrect.  It states the battery is already installed, and you only need to pull the safety strip to activate it.  My battery was found loose wrapped in plastic.Also, on first use, grams are the default setting; you need to tap the "On/Tare" button TWICE to set the default to ounces.Love this for what it is, a very accurate electronic scale.  Don't love it for a docking station.
This product said it had an "anti-slip" feature, yet when I was grating the product slipped all over the plate due to the odd curving. This product is really long and only has a guard protection for half of the product. Therefore when you put it away, the blades could become dull. Or you hands would be injured on the blades. As compared to other products that I have used, such as "Microplane", this also does not have a comfortable grip. I didn't feel I was in control of using the product,and would recommend choosing a different brand. Overall, I was not satisfied.
This scale does not perform as well as my less expensive and widely-available kitchen scale.  My main gripe is that it won't turn off (it's supposed to turn off automatically after 10 seconds) and digits show up randomly on the screen.  That being said, I must say that I have several personal rules that I've instigated for my reviews.  Here is one of them:  A product that does not perform properly right out of the box gets knocked down two stars.I'm of the old school:  Customer service, however good it is, does not compensate for a poor quality product.  If you bought this item through Amazon and you have a problem with it, Amazon Customer Service will take care of it for you.  If you buy it from somewhere else, then you have to get it back to them.  If you want to direct a question to Soehnle, you won't be able to talk to a human voice, you can only contact them via their web page.  You will have to provide full name and full address just to get a message to them.Mostly, I use a scale in the kitchen, not in my office for mailing packages.  I have been using my scales daily for individually weighing the 10-or-so eggs that we take from our chickens each day.  I use my scales for weighing ingredients for dough.  I also use them without a container (but on wax paper for safety's sake) for dividing dough and ground meats into portions.  When we start selling our garden produce, this particular model will come in handy because of its large surface area, as we like to bundle several pounds of squash, tomatoes and cukes.But while it is nice to have it, I think it's ugly, too, and I can't wait to hide it out of sight.  And I've found that my smaller, cheaper, older scale works just as well--except for big piles (over 2.5 lbs.) of veggies.Below are the differences between this "upscale" scale and less expensive, widely-available, kitchen scales (with the platform sitting atop the digital base):THE GOOD:  1.)  This scale is much thinner/shorter--allowing for easier storage (on end).  2.)  It's got a much larger footprint (relatively speaking)--but that is on purpose, to accommodate bulkier, larger and heavier loads.  3.)  It's not necessarily more accurate, but it does show an extra decimal point.  4.)  With only one, flat surface, it is easier to clean than a scale with many surfaces.But because it's black, it needs to be cleaned more often, which leads to....THE BAD:  1.)  You can't avoid leaving fingerprints.  Every time you touch, lift, move this scale you leave prints on the shiny, black surface--there is no way to avoid it.  There is nothing to grip or touch BUT the very reflective, shiny, black surface.  If I had seen it in a store, I would NEVER have purchased it.  Instead, I would have chosen a scale in white or silver and with a dull surface.  I HATE to see fingerprints and I HATE to constantly clean fingerprints.  2.)  Instructions are practically non-existent:  Common sense will lead you through most of its features, but if you don't know about a "tare", you will be left floundering.  4.)  The description says that the scale is programmed to turn itself off after 10 seconds.  Mine does not turn off automatically.  The scale I received does not turn off until I turn it off.  If the scale really stayed on for ten seconds, that would be fine--not too long, not too short.THE SAME:  Most all scales have a tare feature--don't buy a scale without one.  Most scales can change from ounces/pounds to grams.  The change button on this scale is on the bottom.To sum up:  Minus one star:  If you are like me, and are almost obsessive about keeping your glass, mirrors, glass cook top, refrigerator door streak-free, you will despise the surface of this scale as much as I do!  Minus two more stars:  This scale does not work properly for me.  I changed batteries; I moved it around to different counters; I reread the meager, awful directions and it still doesn't work right.
I actually purchased this after seeing a friends positive review.  I love having iced coffee in the summer, but hate paying for them so I thought this would be a good solution.When I received it I was happy with the look and size and I was anxious to get some coffee brewing.  Then came the tough part, removing the press lid. Even without instructions I could see that the lid turns a bit which I assumed would allow me to remove it.  For the next several minutes I tried this with no luck.  Then I came here to the reviews to see what I might be doing wrong. Only a handful of the reviews actually mention how they got the lid off and several of those express difficulty.  Finally the lid did slide up and out of the carafe, but not before it left behind half of the seal stuck to the inside.  At first I thought I had done something wrong, but upon further inspection (and a call to Bodum customer service) I found out that this has been an issue on some of these presses.  Apparently the color I had was important to customer service and also where and when it was purchased. She did state that they were receiving more problems with certain colors (I ordered the black one).  They offered to send me a replacement, but I decided to return mine to Amazon and continue looking for an alternative.While I am sure that this product is great for those that didn't receive a defective one, the fact remains that some apparently are defective and for that I can't give this more than 2 stars.
On the positive side, this French Press system is large, looks good and appears to be well-made. (Just got it, so can't comment on long haul use.)Now for the negatives ...Tried it for it's cold-brew stated purpose, leaving it in fridge overnight, and found the result less than satisfying. Still not strong enough, even with 12 scoops of coffee, after 16 hours of steeping, and the French press system allowed quite a few grounds through (had to re-strain it with a fine mesh strainer) ... Maybe a bigger problem for cold brew than hot? Or maybe the large carafe size makes it more tricky? (I say that since I've successfully used smaller French presses for hot coffee before.)Oh and, yeah, even with filtered water, there was a bit of an odd taste to the coffee ... dissipated when mixed with milk/half-half, but still noticeable.And it's really a messy, plan-ahead process, so not terribly convenient, and not something you're going to whip up on a moment's notice. My husband's comment after 17 hours of prep, waiting and clean-up for two cups of iced coffee: "Kinda makes that $7 Starbucks seem worth it, doesn't it?"
The Dirt Devil Express Compact Bagged Canister - SD30035 is a relatively small and lightweight canister vacuum with a bunch of useful attachments including a floor/carpet sweeper.The good stuff- It's lightweight and has a series of useful tools included- Suction is decent if you leave it on maxThe bad stuff- The carpet sweeper is not powered so the brush only turns when you push it and that's not enough to pick most things off of a carpet because they tend to get embedded in the fibers.- It's so lightweight that the canister tends to rollover when you sweepThe ok stuff- The suction is ok and there's a suction adjustment but I don't know why anyone would use it since at less than full suction it's a horrible performerOverall I'd say it's fine for bare floors but for carpets or upholstery I'd look elsewhere.
I ordered this specifically for making muffins and I found it to be more trouble than it's worth. First of all, the product description states that this is a non-stick pan, which is isn't, so I used coconut oil to coat to cups and that worked fine. Next, I was disappointed to find that the muffin cup size is smaller than the standard muffin size. And to top it all off, I still had to use a cookie sheet under the silicone pan because it's so floppy. Muffins, brownies and cakes are the extent of what I bake, so I will stick to traditional pans (as opposed to silicone) and maybe for a more experienced baker this would be a good product.
I was excited to try out silicone bakeware since I had never used it before, but this Freshware pan isn't as great as I was hoping it would be.As another reviewer pointed out, it's not quite standard-sized, but not quite mini, so when I've used it, I've ended up with leftover batter from the recipes.Also, the instructions state that you need to use some kind of oil or liner when you use this, which defeats the purpose of why I got it -- to have non-stick bakeware.It's also *very* floppy, and I've had a hard time holding it steady to put in the oven.  It's really almost too flexible.For these reasons, I would suggest trying out another model if you're looking for a silicone muffin pan.
This does not hold its shape at all.  It's rubbery, and it flops and folds.  I mean I can completely fold it such that one end touches the other lengthwise or widthwise.When we made a pumpkin loaf in it, one side came out all right because it was able to lean against the other (metal) loaf pan, but the side with nothing to lean against sagged over and dripped onto the cookie sheet.  If you want your loaves to have a kind of loaf shape, and not bulge weirdly, you don't want this pan.
I wanted to use this to make little cakes (using box mix) but ended up with nothing but soapy cake crumbs. I seasoned the pan, washed it in dishwasher, and baked. The pan seemed to have absorbed the soap and imparted the taste to the baked goods. I can never get a cake out cleanly from any of the cavities. I tried taking it out hot, warm, and cool, but the basic problem of the cake not being released from the sides of the silicon pan would not let me get it out without taking a spoon and scooping it out leaving half of the cake completely destroyed. The cake is completely cooked through, so being underdone is not the problem. I imagine it would come out better with a light spread of grease in the cups before baking, but I thought one of the purposes of silicone was to make it unnecessary for such a thing. I tried baking in the pan twice (with an extra rinse of clean water) to see if my problems persisted, and the results remained the same. It might taste less soapy if you wash it by hand where you can rinse soap off immediately but I don't have the patience to stay at the sink and wash all the crevices out by hand. This is one of my first tries cooking baked goods in silicone so maybe I messed something up, but I no longer plan on using this for food, only crafts.
I did not like this product, mainly because my current steam mop is better (albeit heavier).  It was easy to put together, but what I didn't like was the handle.  It feels a bit flimsy and I worry that it will break sooner rather than later.  Secondly, the cord is plenty long, but doesn't fit well all wound up, even spacing the prongs out as far as they will go.  The prongs themselves were not stationary and slid all over the place, making it harder to wind up the cord.  The top part where you grip also turned and didn't lock into place, making the Steamfast mop frustrating to use for a prolonged period of time.Likes:  I liked that the steam burst out in a predictable rhythm.  The fiber mop head did a fairly good job of trapping any dust and debris, though I still ended up with a line of dirt/fur when mopping back and forth.  The handle does telescope up and will lock in place, so there's some adjustment for height.  All the way down, it would work well for a child to mop with.  I don't recommend, though, for someone with a whole home of non-carpet floors.Update:  I have had this mop for just over a year.  I tried to use it at Christmas and it threw my GFI the second it was plugged in.  I thought I'd somehow thrown a breaker, but other attempts brought out the same result of the GFI being tripped.  I used it occasionally and not heavily over the one-year period, so it didn't die of excessive use.  For the price, you would expect more than a year's life.  Please be sure to read other reviewers' experiences.  Trust the negative reviews.
I found that disconnecting the attachments requires some strength. Short Cord. Poor cord wind-up on the unit. There are more cons than pros to this brand's combination steam mop.HAND STEAMERCON: Hand Steam handle is thick. This is can be limiting and very awkward when trying to move the steamer in tight places. The water in the tank drains very quickly on high steam. The level readings on the turning knob are small, which frustrated me as I was looking down while steam-cleaning our shower grout.PRO: The steam is good for cleaning corners of shower and general grout cleaning.FLOOR STEAMERCON: To fill the water tank, you need to either disconnect the tank from the pad attachment or from the extension attachment. Both are awkward. I found it takes strength to push the steamer. When you push it forward over a tile floor, the feel is thick and heavy, not light.PRO: Steam is good and pads are good.If I got the SteamFast as I gift, I would keep it for the hand steamer only. You can find much better products on the market.
I love cleaning my floors with water. I love not having the whole house stink like cleanser. I love not having to worry that my kids will (as they always do) wander across the wet floor and get their bare feet coated in chemicals. However, this steam mop just doesn't do anything special for me. This is my third steam mop. My first purchase was theEureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer, 313Awhich works great, but only does flat on the floor cleaning with no attachments. My second steamer is theEureka 2 in 1 Steam Mop, 150A. I reviewed it on that product page but to summarize drastically, it's great.What I like about this Steamfast mop: It heats up quickly and produces enough steam on the lower setting to get everything properly wet but not leave puddles. The cord is longer than my other mops so I can clean my kitchen and dining room together.What I don't like: there is no rubber tray to set it in while it heats up or cools down to protect your floor. It's not a big deal waiting for it to heat up because it takes less then 30 seconds but I didn't know what to do with it when I was done. Just keep standing there holding it up in the air? For how long? I felt like the Statue of Liberty but not in a good way. I ended up laying it on the floor with the pad up, which made me kind of uncomfortable.I do like that you can clean windows with this. They came out a lot better than I thought once they dried, but still had a few streaks here and there. Unfortunately steaming the windows also left significant puddles on the floor below the sliding door and on my windowsills. If you have an electric socket outside or a good extension cord this is awesome for cleaning your windows on the outside of your house. Inside I won't use that feature again.I didn't feel like this mop was really sterilizing the floor. More like a warm, wet dustmop. In fact I do like to dust my floors with water and do so every couple of days, but I use a non-heated refillable mop for that, theProMist Microfiber Spray Mop. Washable mop head, nicely dusted floors, way less money.
As someone who strives to keep harsh chemicals and cleaners out of our home, I love using steam to clean both floors and hard surfaces like kitchen and bath fixtures, greasy stove tops, etc. So it's not surprising that I've bought other steam-cleaning appliances (like theBISSELL Steam Shot Hard-Surface Cleaner, 39N7A) and steam-mops (like theHaan SI-35R Floor Sanitizer, Red). Although I'm very happy with my Haan mop, the Bissel hard surface cleaner left much to be desired, and so I jumped at the chance to try the Steamfast for free via the Amazon Vine program.On first use, I opted to mop my kitchen floor since I'd just finished sweeping and vacuuming it: one of the most difficult cleaning tasks in my home. My floor is white, ceramic tile with dark gray grout. Thanks to our two cats, our dog, and my love of cooking, our kitchen floor needs a thorough mopping several times throughout the week. In other words, when I tried this mop today (Friday), it had only been two days since I'd last mopped it. That's about normal for us, so I didn't give it any more difficult a challenge than my Haan faces regularly.I was very disappointed to see this mop puts out more water (versus steam) than the Haan, and as a result it doesn't dislodge or lift up stains or smears as quickly. It also takes longer to dry. Since I thought I might have done something wrong that caused so much water to be left behind, I read the instruction manual and found that, although I was using it properly, this mop doesn't heat up enough to actually sanitize on the first pass... hence why there was so much water on the floor, because it was putting out hot water but NOT steam.Using the mop felt clunky. The base swivels unexpectedly, which was frustrating, and the lock/unlock on the extension pole didn't completely keep the pole from collapsing when I pushed down harder to get rid of some gunk the mop was taking too long to lift up. Also, the constant click-click-click sound just about drove me nuts. I did like the extra space on the mop pad that allows for easy removal: just step on it with your toe and lift the mop.My second use was in the hope of replacing my Bissel Hard Surface cleaner, which is much heavier than this device. Following directions, I decided to use this on my oven, much as you see in the manufacturer's photos on this Amazon page. What those photos don't show is the huge puddle of water that forms when you do that, or how that water is so hot that you can't follow right away with a cloth to clean loosened grease before it hardens again. And, although this machine is lighter than the Bissel, I found it more awkward to hold.To summarize:PROS - Lightweight, heats quickly, doesn't require harsh chemicals or cleaners, washable mop pads that are easy to remove.CONS - Doesn't actually create steam, requires 2 minutes _continuous_ contact to sanitize a surface, uncontrollable swivel head, not enough space to wrap cord, constant irritating noise from the motor.
Great for floors, clothes and bathrooms!  It cleans with no chemicals only steam.  Sanitizes bathroom counters, toilets and more!  Works great on getting the wrinkles out of clothes!  Love that it does so much without the bulkiness of a canister type of steamer.UPDATE***  After just a couple of uses it started leaking from the bottom.  Once it started leaking it no longer produced enough steam to clean anything.
I already own aHoover TwinTank Disinfecting Steam Mop - WH20200which I really like, but when I had the opportunity to try this product, I opted to do so. I have nearly 1500 square feet of hard-surface floors, so an additional steam mop can come in handy. But this product is a real disappointment.I found it really hard to push this mop across the floor, at least in comparison to my other steam mop which glides smoothly. This one's microfiber pad seemed to grip the floor too much, and I ended up with a slight backache from trying to push it. But, to its credit, it did seem to clean up smudges and dirt pretty well. But at a significant cost to my back.Secondly, the mop head kept falling off. When assembling the unit, it says to insert the handle into the head until the release button pops through the hole in the back. I did that, but due to the herky-jerky movement of the cleaner, it still popped the head loose, resulting in steam pouring from the unit. The mop head is a rather awkward square shape (my Hoover has a triangle shaped head which really gets into the corners).This unit also does not utilize a trigger to release the steam. Once the unit is warmed up, it begins spewing the steam out and there is no way to stop it other than turning the unit off. While that may sound good in theory, in practice it is really annoying. I prefer to choose when and how much steam I apply rather than have the machine do it for me.Additionally, I think the cord on this is too short;it won't even reach from one end of my kitchen to the other, so I haveto unplug at least once. Which brings me to my last complaint. This machine's lack of a safe place to stand it while I am headed back to the outlet is a problem. I don't want to leave the hot mop head in contact with the floor for any extended periods of time (it has the potential to harm the finish), so to keep it from staying in contact with the floor, I have to lay the unit up on the counter top, which is really annoying and inconvenient. The Hoover came with a silicone tray for placing under the hot mop head. This protects the floor and is a great idea.Do yourself a favor and pass on this unit. For about $30 more, you can get the Hoover, which I think outperforms this one hands down.
With a houseful of hard floors (no carpet), I'm a huge fan of steam mop cleaning and have tried more than my fair share, including: theHAAN SS-22A Multiforce Plus, which is my current favorite; theEureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer, 313A, which was not bad, but not really great either; theBlack & Decker BDH1760SM SmartSelect Steam Mop with Handle Command, which was also fairly good but not top-notch; theHaan FS-30 Steam Cleaning Floor Sanitizer, which was my second Haan and is still going strong more than year in, though I mostly use its "big brother" these days; theBissell Steam Mop Hard-Floor Cleaner, Green Tea, 1867-7, a real dud and, finally, theOreck VersaVac Stick Vacuum, which is a fine stick vac and a lousy steam mop.Unfortunately, the Steamfast falls closer to the bottom of that pack than the top. It's slightly better than the Bissell, but only barely. Like the Bissell, the steamfast doesn't produce sanitizing steam (meaning: by the time it emits, it's not longer hot enough), which is one of the major selling points of steam mop cleaning. Also, the lower temp means the water puddles instead of dissipates, which is less than ideal. To complicate, the head is small and the pads are flimsy and didn't hold up well to laundering, which is an essential steam mop element.I also think the "3-in-1" aspect is a gimmick. Most steam mops are lightweight by design and can be easily used to clean tile and grout. (Of course, the Steamfast is of limited use there because the steam it emits isn't as hot as others.) And the idea it can be used for clothes steaming is so clunky I, admittedly, didn't even get past reading the instructions and rolling my eyes.Also, the reports in reviews of machines failing early on make me very nervous. Mine, of course, is brand new now, but my Haan requires very little maintenance to work properly, even without using distilled water. Which I've never bothered with for any of my steam mops, as it's just cost/storage prohibitive when you've got as large a space to mop as I do; approx. 4,000 sq. ft. The Haan has you run a cleaning cycle every once in a while but, honestly, with a year of twice weekly use, filling with filtered tap water, I've only done it twice and (knock wood) have yet to have issues. The Steamfast specifies using distilled water AND descaling "every 20 hours of use." That would be monthly for me and, sorry, but what a giant pain.So, in my one aborted use attempt, this kind of worked, but the pads moved around more dirt than they eliminated and then were basically impossible to clean. My floors were left wet enough that I had to use towels to dry them, and they looked dirtier than when I started. I also tried it in the shower (wall tile) and, honestly, saw no real cleaning properties. I came back and re-cleaned the bathroom floor with my Haan.The only "perk" of this I can see is that it's very lightweight, small to store and it's inexpensive. Of course, I think you're also getting what you pay for and for less than twice the cost you can get an actual sanitizing steam mop that will work far better and last much longer.
When I saw these silicone baking cups I was really excited to get them because I already have a silicone muffin pan and like it quite a bit! However, when I used the baking cups for the first time, I realized that they just really aren't that practical -- I ended up making more work for myself. I made a batch of cupcakes - half with the reusable cups and the other half with the typical paper baking cups. I quickly realized that I preferred the cheap paper baking cups because I could easily peel it off my cupcake as I ate it (rather than taking the entire cupcake out of the silicone cup at once). Also, I could just toss the paper cup after I ate my cupcake, whereas I actually had to wash the reusable cup. (I know, it's not really that much work, but still, more work than I would prefer). Overall, the baking cups worked - but really I would prefer just using the disposable paper kind that I've been used to all my life!
I used these cupcake molds several times, both while greasing and not greasing and no matter what I did the cupcakes still stuck to the silicone mold.  They were also extremely difficult to remove from the baking cups.  I have used other silicone baking cups and they are all much thinner and more flexible than this product. The other brands all work wonderfully.  I won't be using these to make cupcakes anymore, maybe they will make some pretty candy bowls for parties or something!
For the past couple years, my wife and I have been comfortably sleeping on theSleep Innovations 12-Inch SureTemp Memory Foam Mattress 20-Year Warranty, Queenwith no complaints whatsoever. So I decided to try out this Classic Brands 11-inch Eloquence Memory Foam Mattress to see how it would compare. Sadly, after painfully giving it a full week of use, I can confidently say that we won't be using it again unless something catastrophic happens to our SureTemp mattress. Off to the guest room this one goes.The SureTemp has a nice firm but not-too-firm feel that keeps you stable in bed, yet allows for you to comfortably change positions. This new Classic Brands mattress is not firm at all, and we found ourselves sinking in when we laid down. This also made it uncomfortable for us to move, and perhaps worst of all had us sweating profusely from the amount of heat the mattress retains. We've never had that problem with the SureTemp.To be fair, if you enjoy an extremely soft mattress that swallows you up when you lay down, you may enjoy this Classic Brands mattress. The Sleep Innovations SureTemp we've found to be a perfect balance of firmness and softness. The Classic Brands by comparison is like sleeping on a big, hot pile of feathers. We woke up hot, sweaty and uncomfortable, and sadly we won't be sleeping on it again unless it's absolutely necessary for whatever reason.
The mattress comes compressed in a box and wrapped in plastic. When you first uncurl is and unwrap it, you get a chemical plastic smell. I let it air out for a couple of days before sleeping on it. The mattress was true to size and all my sheets fit it perfectly.I normally like firm mattresses. My back is a bit off, so the firmness helps. Well, this is a tad too firm and I woke up with neck pain every day. I could not get used to the mattress.  The plastic smell also threw me off. Sadly, I did not like this mattress. There is such a thing as too firm.
Let me just say this is a very nice looking machine. It has very good build quality and really seems well made and solid.  (other than the base which is somewhat cheap and plasticky). It is also very easy to clean. Those are the best things I can say about this Oster Series 7 blender.I didn't want to believe all the negative reviews and reports and had to try it for myself.  I was shocked to find out that trying to make frozen drinks was just about too much for the blade/motor configuration.  Making a smoothie or milkshake was EASY and not a problem although some of my fruit remained in large chunks and wasn't "blended".  Overall, trying to blend in solid items was problematic at the best of times.  Blending frozen juice from the can was not at all as easy as it should have been.  I had to stop the machine and manually stir and separate the "chunks" then restart and continue.  Not at all what I was wanting in a blender.I also had the distinct fear at times that the upper half would come apart from the base. It didn't, but it felt a bit wobbly and not as solid as I would have hoped for in something that is holding liquid.The motor is fine, the blades are fine, but the design is somehow lacking in this model.  I have owned 3 other Oster blenders over the years and none of them had the problems and shortcomings that this model apparently has.I am a bit perplexed at all the good reviews and wonder if they are using the same blender I am. Hmmmmm.......  Regardless, if you purchase from Amazon directly you can easily return this if it doesn't measure up to your expectations.  If you get one like mine, you probably won't be too happy with it.
As an owner and fan of the Oster Beehive blender, I was looking forward to checking this product out. Unfortunately, this was a major disappointment compared to the tried-and-true Beehive. The build quality is uneven; the glass jar has a good feel, but the base "with stainless steel accents" feels cheap. While I prefer the Beehive's aesthetics, I can understand how some people would prefer the modern look of this product.Now comes the important part -- the blending. I found this blender's power to be way too weak. For mixing soft ingredients, it worked okay. The harder the ingredients, the most problems you'll have with this blender. Harder fruits and vegetables, ice for smoothies, and the like are shockingly too much for this blender to handle. It was mystifying that the blender would make lots of noise and sound like it was working hard, only to see that it didn't do much to blend the ingredients.Considering the generally positive experience I've had with the Oster Beehive, I was shocked by the weak performance and mediocre build quality of this product. I recommend staying away from this one.
The Juiceman appears to be a great value at first. This appliance looks and feels sturdy and comes with two types of juicer. One is the classic "spinning cone" that you press a half a citrus against. It's essentially a motorized version of the glass juicer that we have just about all used at one time or another. The other juicer function is the "juice extractor" which is the configuration pictured in the Amazon website photo. This is the way we spent our testing time, in this configuration, and we were frankly kind of disappointed. The Juiceman produced juice, but it produced a LOT more pulp. I found I could get about as much juice by hand squeezing the pulp at the end of an extraction than the extraction itself. Seemed odd. We followed all the instructions, and our observation is that the recipe yields in the instruction book are optimistic at best. In general, it seemed to take us about twice as many apples to make a cup of juice as suggested in the book. It seemed to take about three times as many carrots. In talking with friends who had more experience with this kind of unit, we found that they had a couple of recommendations: 1. Make sure you have only the freshest, juiciest fruits and vegetables and that you soak carrots and celery in water before use; 2. The several times more expensive juicers exist because they work better. Upon checking some web sources, we found that most of the folks who are really happy with their juicers, whatever the brand, seem to gravitate towards the $300-500 kind. Wow! This Juiceman is $79. So, a way to look at it is, how much extra fruit and vegetable can you buy for the added couple hundred dollars? Probably enough that you'll get tired of juicing before you make up the difference. A poor way to look at it, I'm sure, but here is why I say this.The Juiceman is not fun to clean. Juicing carrots seemed to leave a glaze on the surface of the extractor cup, which is a spinning steel and plastic bowl inside the machine. It has sharp spurs on the bottom of the cup to grind off bits of fruit and vegetable which are then centrifuged against the fine screened sides which allow the juice to fly out into the collection area of the unit when in operation. We went through half a Costco bag of carrots, four apples, a bunch of spinach, four large celery stalks, etc. This required emptying the pulp bin about four times. We got well under a pint of juice altogether. In fact, the four of us were using shot glasses to share the output. When we finished and I went to do final cleaning, it was very hard to remove the filmy glaze on the bottom of the extractor cup. I soaked it overnight in water. The next day, it was still had to scrub off. I used a toothbrush for the task. They supply a cleaning brush in the kit, which is essentially a stiff toothbrush, too. The other parts didn't have the filmy glaze, but there are a lot of parts to clean. The next hardest cleaning task is the plastic labyrinth that leads the juice out of the spout on the front of the unit. You absolutely need a brush or other implement to reach into these spaces to clean unless you have skinny fingers. Whatever you do, don't let this plastic thing sit after use - you need to clean it immediately. The rest of the pieces are more or less like cleaning a food processor.I suppose the bottom line here is that I now appreciate why commercial fruit and vegetable juices are not cheap, especially the "organic" health food types. If you must have this kind of appliance, do a lot of checking beforehand and buy enough juicer that you'll be happy with it. This one is not enough unless you have other uses for all the pulp and have enough time to be inefficient about producing juice.
I wasn't exactly sure what the purpose of this would be when I ordered it. At this point, I don't see a lot of use for it. I suppose if you do a lot of entertaining with a relatively formal or romantic setting, this adds some nice "ambiance" to the table... except that the in that setting, presumably you are using nice crystal wine goblets and china and the cheap plastic appearance detracts from the mood lighting.This does provide a stable base so my fears of the bottle tipping over are pretty minimal. However, the item itself is fairly big and clunky and with very limited storage space in my kitchen, I just can't see using this in an on-going basis.In terms of effectiveness at keeping the bottle and the wine chilled, *MAYBE* marginally better than just sitting the bottle out on the table but the there was still a significant amount of "sweat" from the bottle as it sat out which tells me that it isn't really keeping the bottle as chilled as it would optimally do.This is definitely one kitchen gadget I can live without.[NCJVR]
I've been drinking water from this pitcher for three weeks, and I'm afraid I'm going to have to go back to my other filtered pitcher.  The design of this pitcher just doesn't measure up to other pitchers at a similar price.The filter does process the water very quickly because the filter has a much larger surface area (it's more of a plate, while other filters are shaped like a can).The pitcher itself is too large to fit in the door of a fridge, which is my preference, and it's also pretty tall, albeit the height of a 2 liter of coke.I got tap water into the pitcher area several times when filling this pitcher because of the way this filter doesn't cover the entire top of the pitcher.  It's not a big deal to me... I don't even mind drinking tap water to be honest, but this is a fundamental problem with the design.  The way my other pitcher (aBrita) is designed, this simply isn't possible.The pitcher itself is not as well built as my Brita is.  The lid kinda jiggles, and when you pour water, it's got a precarious feel, as though the lid will fall off.  The lid doesn't completely cover the water (at the spout).  This seems like a really strange design.The most important aspect of this pitcher is taste, and it doesn't taste quite as good as my Brita did, and I'm really not that picky about this kind of thing (I can't tell the difference between Brita and Pur).  Furthermore, because I sometimes have leftovers in my fridge that aren't well sealed, the water has tasted like the food upon occasion because the pitcher doesn't completely close.The idea of saving ten seconds filling my pitcher doesn't justify these problems, so I don't think this is the best use of your money.
WOW is this thing big.  Its capacity is 12-cups and frankly, it's rather difficult to get it in (and out) of the refrigerator without spilling water since the spout is open.  Don't even think of letting your kids pull this thing out of the refrigerator unless they have REALLY steady hands or you'll likely be cleaning up spilled water (I'm speaking from experience here - spilled water both inside AND outside of the frig).  Furthermore, despite the shape of the base of the pitcher, it will be unlikely to fit well into the door compartment of your frig as the picture on the box represents - it's just too big.  Also, the gauge on top of my filter that was supposed to provide a visual representation of when the filter needs changed (after 3 months or 100 gallons of water) didn't work.  You are to press firmly on the filter change indicator and it is supposed to begin to change colors to show that it is working - mine didn't work at all.On a positive note, it does adequately filter the water and unlike some pitcher/filters which take FOREVER to fill, this pitcher does fill up very quickly.  So all in all, it produces good tasting water and if space in the refrigerator is not a problem for you (and you don't mind the possibility of frequent spills) - then you may like this pitcher.  For me and my family, this pitcher was just too bulky and the constant spills resulted in our pitcher being donated to Goodwill.
3M has come up with a good idea, in theory, with regards to making a pitcher that fills quickly, but what the customer has to put up with to get that quick filtration is, in my opinion, just not quite worth the trade-off.This pitcher is BIG, I mean, REALLY big! It's about 9 inches across at the top of the pitcher, where the large, round filtration disk nests into the opening at the top of the pitcher. So for those of us that're used to a small profile Brita pitcher that will fit into the door of your fridge, or unobtrusively into a narrow space on the shelf, forget it with 3M's Filtrete pitcher - there's no way that this monster is fitting into any small spaces!On top of the large footprint and all of the valuable shelf space that this pitcher will take up, there's no spout cover on this pitcher, which made me initially wonder if somehow I'd received a defective pitcher. In today's day and age, what water filtration company puts out a product that doesn't have a cover/lid over the top of its pitcher spout? Outside of it making it slightly less potentially messy to use, a lid over the spout keeps out anything that might fall into the pitcher, and should help to prevent the pitcher's contents from taking on the tastes of any of the items around it. Whether or not that really DOES actually become an issue, a spout lid renders that concern null and void, but that's not the case here. I mean, really, 3M???Overall, this pitcher is just not practical for the larger portion of the population. The flavor of the water is comparable to Brita and Mavea, but the pitcher design just leaves way too much to be desired. Looks like I'll be going back to my old reliableBrita 42629 Slim Pitcher. It's never let me down in all the years I've owned it...
I was excited for this product.  One of my biggest pet peeves for Brita filter water jugs is how long it takes to filter and how much room the filter reservoir and and filter take up.  I was looking forward to the fast and compact filtration.  Sadly I was disappointed.I live in an area where we occasionally have some funky flavor come through our municipal water system.  It comes and goes, but never bothered me, because I could filter the water and the taste went away.Sadly this pitcher would not take that flavor away.  My Brita had always been able to get the funky taste out of the water, the 3M could not.  I even tried filtering the water twice and it only barely cut down on the odd flavor.Other then that the product was great, it filtered fast and held a nice large amount of water, but I filter my water to get rid of odd flavors and this product failed at that.I do realize I may have just had a bad filter, but I don't think so as everything looked proper and I followed the directions very closely.  I have also read reviews of people having great success with this product, sadly i am not one of them and I can't really recommend the product either.
Perhaps if Bodum had approached this kettle with the same care they seem to have put into their French Press coffee pots, I could write a better review, sadly this is not the case.So it's a kettle, when I first came to the USA at the end of the last century, I would have been delighted with this thing, Boiling kettles seemed non existent then.But with the march of time, and the popularity of tea specifically (like Europe) kettles are now available in an abundance of sizes, prices and features.Biggest problem with this is kettle is the On switch.You notice I did not say on/off switch, because it only has an auto shut off feature, which is highly dependent on the internal sensor recognizing a boil and turning the unit off. You can not turn it off manually unless you physically unplug it.If you need a kettle for instant coffee, or soup for example, you don't want the water to boil completely, I mean how hard would an off switch have been to put in?It's a real shame, it's a nice clean modern design, very lightweight, and looks classy.Slower to boil then most kettles I've used, that I could care less about, but I suspect most people will not be able to get over the on/off switch thing.Perhaps instead of worrying about being green, and boasting about "BPA free" they should have looked at functionality first.I would recommendAroma AWK-115S Hot H20 X-Press 1-1/2-Liter Cordless Water Kettle.Not only cheaper, but larger capacity, quicker boiling, on/off capability, and automatic shut off when lifted from the base.Overall I expected more from Bodum, especially as it is not exactly cheap either.
First let me say that I found no real difference in the amount of time that I boil water in the kettle/microwave than with this water heater (I did not use a stop watch so it may be a couple of seconds faster). I also do not understand why I have to run it once before using....what am I boiling off, and why did it get a plastic smell? The inside is impossible to dry without letting it air dry because half of the lid flips up, not enough to get my hand in and wipe down! This is probably a good concept, but there are enough design flaws here that make it a lot more complicated to boil water, which I used to think was pretty simple. No way to shut it off, only unplug it or let it go to a boil. I never knew boiling water could be so complicated! Even the product description is a little funky! It says, "It allows you to heat only what you need, for only the amount of time it takes to bring the water to its boiling point." Really folks!?!?! Put in what you need and then turn it on. It's not as if it fills the water for you....it doesn't even let you heat the water without boiling it (unless you unplug it), so what's the point of saying such nonsense??? "The measurements are 'translated' to cup servings to make it extra easy when preparing coffee and tea." How considerate, now you do not have to convert from deciliters or tablespoons. "The powerful heating element is concealed under a stainless steel plate at the bottom of the kettle." Is this really an innovation? Are heating elements usually placed on the top? Are they normally exposed? Come on! You can find better for less. As for me, I'll stick with my kettle or microwave.....Oh, why 2 stars instead of one? It does boil water. ;-)
I wanted to love these so badly. They are so beautifully designed. This is a set I can see selling in the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) store.The design is elegant, pure and extremely modern. The problem is that they're just not functional.  A big problem is that you can't see how full the bottles are when pouring the liquid in. Then you can't tell when to fill them.. When filling them you have to hold Rachel's bottle at an angle facing up with one hand while pouring the oil in with the other hand. It's much easier to have the bottle standing on a table while pouring the oil in,infact that's the way it should be but that would take away from the beauty of the design. I wanted to be able to serve dinner for visiting relatives and have something "fancy" on the table. If I put these on the table it would have to be for show only. My biggest objection and a real fault with the design is that when you pour the liquid out there is no way to control the flow. The oil or vinegar starts to pour out with too much force. If you like your dressing light this will really get you angry. Very bad and disappointing planning from Rachel's designers. Drizzling is out of the question.I've gone back to using my inexpensive and old fashioned cruet bottle with pourer. It resembles Amazon's Tablecraft 916-16 ounce olive oil cruet with pourer. These control the amount of liquid being poured which is so important. They also look very pretty to see the oil in one bottle next to other filled with Balsamic vinegar.So, for now I'll have to try to be fancy some time in the future and hopefully continue to impress every one with just my cooking.
UPDATE as of 7/19/2011: The rubber bumpers on the bottom of the base that keep it raised off the counter have long past gone. This means that the knob that attaches the base to the wok itself is now in direct contact with the counter. It's really sexy (NOT) to be in the middle of a searing hot cooking session, to have the base pop right off. Meanwhile the size and clunkiness makes attaching the base an exercise in awkwardness. It can only be done when said wok is completely empty, and clean, and cool to the touch. Else, you're in for a world of hurt.Over time, the base has become more and more onerous a job to attach to the wok, making me seriously have second thoughts every time I need to heave it out of the cabinet. It's come to the point where I do use it when I literally have no other choice, but sincerely wish that I had a better option that didn't cause me so much strife. In fact, the base + wok issues are enough to tell me that buying one is a Very Bad Idea.-----------------------------------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:Nonstick surface: It is so nonstick that the sticker on the inside of the pot did not stick. Very nonstick. I barely needed a scant few drops of oil.Speed of heating: Takes about a minute to get up to full, screaming hot heat. I do a lot of South Indian cooking, which requires the same dome shape of the wok, and high heat that Chinese wok cooking requires. When I threw the oil into the pot (to pop my spices in), the oil got up to heat very quickly. My mustard seeds, cumin seeds, and coriander seeds all popped beautifully without burning. Then I threw in the stems of 1 1/2 pounds of collard greens that I bought earlier that evening. Perfectly wilted down in about three minutes. I added the leaves. Perfectly wilted in another two minutes or so. In less time than it took to boil my pasta, the collard greens were done to a turn. Also, I didn't need to put the greens into the pot in stages. The wok would have comfortably accommodated the greens, stems and all, without a problem. All you have to do is cover the lid so the whole thing wilts a bit, an then you're back in business.THE BASE STAYS COOL. This means that if you have finicky counter tops, you can still use the wok on them, because the base doesn't heat. Too awesome!There's a reason this piece of equipment costs what it does: because every single penny of the purchase price is worth it.EDIT: Made popcorn in it. It takes longer than when I do it on the stove, but I didn't have to stop and dump out the popped kernels in the middle of cooking, like I do with my other pots. Also, it kept the kernels from burning. Very nice.Down sides: The base and pot itself are large and taking charge. This means that if you're used to traditional Asian cooking techniques, which involve you lifting the pot up off the flame to fine tune the heat, you're out of luck. This also means that if you plan on serving the food in a container other than the wok, you're going to need two people: one to hold the wok up over the serving dish, and the other to transfer the food itself. It's way too big to do it on your own. The cap to unscrew the base is directly on the bottom of the wok, making it impossible to do anything while the wok has food in it. Instead, you have to wait for the whole contraption to empty, cool a bit, flip the whole thing upside down, then undo the base. Putting the base on can be a little awkward.The temperature dial is not written in degrees, but rather in arbitrary numbers. This means that unlike other electric cooking pots (friers, woks, pans), you're not going to get fine tune control of the heat by adjusting the temperature on the dial. On the other hand, my stove also has the same arbitrary numbers on, so it's not like I don't know how to adjust the heat based on said arbitrary numbers.All that said, I'd still say that the wok is worth the purchase price, because it does such a fantastic job. At home, I have a four burner gas range, but sometimes I have really big pots on the stove, rendering the other two burners useless. This wok is big enough to feed an army, and doesn't take up huge swaths of my stove.
I chose the Bodum Burr Grinder over the others because this grinder is what our local roasterie sells to its customers.  It has a glass carafe, which is suppose to reduce coffee static (reduces, doesn't eliminate).My experience with the Bodum is only meh.  It is not a machine to get excited about.  It is way underpowered (will only grind a few seconds when it decides to grind) & it likes to drop ground coffee all over the counter.  In the end, after using the grinder for about 3 weeks, I decided that while I can get over messy, I cannot get over underpowered & failure to function when the grind button is pushed.I purchased the green version of the grinder.  It is cute & looks good on the counter. If you look closely, the green band on the glass carafe doesn't exactly match the green on the grinder - probably because the grinder green is a hard plastic while the glass carafe green is a soft plastic.  The "off" colors weren't enough to make me send this grinder back - it was the lack of performance that turned me against the grinder. I actually want my grinder to work when I push the grind button.  This grinder will decide to work some mornings, but sometimes it just wants to sleep a little longer and refuses to grind.I grind a coarse grind & the Bodum produced a fairly consistent grind.  My hand crank produces a more consistent grind, but the Bodum coarse grind (when it works) isn't too far off in comparison.After further research, I decided to skip the electric grinder & go with a hand crank.  ThePeugeot PM11765 Bresil 8.75 Inch Coffee Mill, Walnuthas been a dream to use & produces a nice, consistent course grind.
I am normally a fan of Bodum and enjoy their modern, fun designs.This juicer looks good, too, but it does not perform well. It actually performs pretty badly. I also own aBlack & Decker CJ630 32-Ounce Electric Citrus Juicer, which is smaller, sports a no frills design and costs about half, but it outperforms the Bodum in speed and yield. Here is what I think about the Bodum Juicer:The Good:1. Cool look & a fun design.2. Easy to clean.3. Large sieve.4. Glass fits directly underneath.3. The bonus glasses (An additional set of 6 is also available here at Amazon:Bodum Pavina Assorted Color 15-Ounce Glasses, Get 6 Promotional Set)The Not So Good:1. Very weak motor: Juicing an average size orange takes forever, and even then the pulp isn't completely removed. Getting most (not all) of the juice out requires a lot of hard pressing and shifting/wiggling the orange as well as squeezing it on the sides.2. The so-called cyclone function (to get to all the juice in the excess pulp) does nothing - if cyclones were that weak, they would cause absolutely no damage :-)3. The spout design works but seems to be designed flimsily. I don't think this would hold up to too much handling, there is just too much spiel there when folding it in and out.Summary:I compared my Black & Decker and the Bodum side by side. The Black and Decker worked faster and cleaned out an orange half much better than the Bodum did, i.e. removed a lot more pulp from it. The only two things that I like better about the Bodum is the much larger sieve which allows for more pulp to collect before one has to scoop it out, and the ability to put a glass right underneath - no separate pouring required. But getting that 15 oz. glass to fill up takes so long that I for one am not willing to do this regularly (or ever). I know that the Black and Decker is not the answer either, don't get me wrong. It is perfect for juicing an occasional lemon, or for a glass of orange juice every now and then. It is not a full-size juicer. But the Bodum pretends to be one and in my opinion is not. I think they will need to go back to the drawing board with this one.
[Update 2013-07-07]The Bodum Bistro Blender finally conked out after two years of very infrequent use (about 1-5 times a month). The handle got quite hot on the last use (after two minutes of blending). I thought nothing of it and cleaned and put it away. The next time I picked it up and turned it on I found out it had stopped working. It was dead. The motor must have burned out. Such a shame -- just when I was starting to use it more frequently too (I had just started a workout regime and as a protein supplement, I started drinking milk mixed with whey protein everyday. The Bodum helped me mix milk and whey protein way faster than I can by hand, and cleaning up the Bodum was simply a matter of a quick rinse under tap water). Star rating downgraded from 4 to 2.[End Update]-- Original Review Follows --The 180-Watt, 2-speed Bodum Bistro Handheld Immersion Blender comes with 3 stainless steel attachments (multiblade, beater, whisk) for chopping, pur&eacute;eing, blending, mixing, whisking, and mashing.It is a quick and convenient tool for making salad dressing, salsa, mashed potatoes, pesto sauce, fruit smoothies, pudding, soup, mayonnaise, meringue, whipped cream, and other culinary delectables. The blender does have a couple of limitations. It does not come with a dedicated chopper attachment, so the ingredients to be chopped need to first be diced into smaller pieces. It also doesn't crush ice. -1 star.Despite the limitations, the blender is still a handy appliance to have in your kitchen. It takes up very little room and cleanup is a snap! I'm looking forward to using it on a regular basis for making smoothies.
I really wanted to be impressed with this stick blender.  The Bodum brand made me think sleek and sexy..  In reality, I find the blender to be very clumsy to use, with an oversized grip.  I have used a Cuisinart brand, and find it to be more powerful and easier to hold and operate.  I also have issues with quality control and Bodum Customer Service.  The blender was supposed to come with 3 attachments, as indicated in the manual.  (I say "manual" loosely, since it's a booklet of 72 pages, translated into 11 languages...  with the mandatory safety disclaimers, you get 3 pages of somewhat useful information.)  The attachments included are a multiblade, a beater, and a whisk, none of which look anything like you would suppose.  Upon unpacking the unit, I determined that I had two beaters (flat smooth disks) and NO whisk.  I called Bodum Customer Service, and got a recording, indicating that I should send an email.  OK.  I did that, and never heard a reply.  I called a week later, and got the same recording.  Needless to say, I have not been able to use the whisk, since it didn't come with the blender.  All in all, I am seriously underwhelmed with the Bodum Bistro Blender Stick Set.
This mixer is very heavy, my mother was not able to hold it up for the time necessary to mix.  I could hold it but felt it was just too awkward and not ergonomical at all.  The cord quit retracting after about 6 uses. This mixer is also very loud.  It was fine for beating cake mixes but when I did a creamed butter and pizza dough it bogged down and that was that. This is an expensive mixer for what it really does (I should say doesn't do).  Definite pass.
I was pretty excited to get a shiney new mixer, but whoa, this thing is a mess. Let me start with it's one redeeming quality - the retractable cord. I love it and I wish my other mixer had it because after using this thing, I had to pull my old one back out of the donation pile.The first problem with this mixer is that it's huge and HEAVY. And as a swimmer, it's not like I'm some kind of wimp in the arm department. It's also balanced strangely and hard to leverage over the bowl. And the size makes it very awkward. It's really quite large.The other huge problem is that it goes to eleven the instant you turn it on. It's not 1-5 on the speed settings, it should read: eleven, light-speed, hyperdrive, warp, and OMG!!!!! It's seriously insane. I really can't tell a difference between 1 and 5 - it's all just crazy fast. That said, it whips up those egg whites in no time flat. But you don't always want super sonic speed in your mixing. Some doughs and batters need to be blended gently on low speed.I can't recommend this mixer. What a shame because I had high hopes.
Hamilton Beach is wonderful at turning out products comparable to, but far less expensive, than the bigger named brands: food processors, blenders, ice cream makers, and now the personal coffee maker. Of course, they manage this by omitting some of the bells, whistles and convenient features, and this coffee maker is no exception.The Keurig I use in my office unfortunately died a tragic death last month, the victim of my two cats chasing each other up and across the high counter where I'd kept the machine. Though I was still grieving when I saw the opportunity to review the Hamilton Beach, I clicked without hesitation. I mean, they both brew coffee, right? How different could they possibly be?My first disappointment came when I opened the box to learn that the travel mug shown in the picture isn't included. From what I've read of other reviews, I wasn't the only one misled by the picture. Next, I learned that Senseo pods can't be swapped with the Keurig K-cups, so there went my hope of using up the dozens of K-cups I still have. Both of those things would have been fine, had the machine delivered a decent cup of coffee. It did not. The brew is both stale and weak, like coffee your grandmother with the testy stomach might make from that same can of ground stuff she's had on the pantry shelf since you were in diapers.Though quieter than the Keurig, I suspect that's because this machine actually takes longer to heat the water since there's no 'on demand' reservoir. (You fill the machine each time by filling your cup with water and dumping it in. More power to you if you can figure out how to do that without dribbling water all over the place.) Oh, and because of the short cord I needed an extension cord to use it in my office, something that I don't consider particularly safe over the long-term.So, to sum up:- There is no travel mug included.- You can't use other coffee machine 'pods' or cups, just Senseo.- Senseo coffee tastes stale and weak.- There is no reservoir; you must refill every time.- Filling it makes a mess.- The cord is impractically short.I may just switch to tea instead.
There's no way to review this iron without talking about the power cord placement first. The cord for this iron enters the iron body directly under the handle. At best it's awkward, and at worst, potentially unsafe. While the cord housing allows you to pivot the cord to the side of the handle (allowing the handle to contact its resting surface), you have to make a concerted effort to do so. If you forget: your high-end iron could potentially pitch over. All I can say about this design is: "what were they thinking?"If you are willing to put up with this:the iron is heavy, yet glides easily, so reduces the amount of force you have to exert while ironing. It heats quickly and produces plenty of steam. It also includes a separate water container that is the same volume as the water reservoir in the iron.It irons just fine; you'll have to decide if you want to roll the dice on the cord placement. This is an unfortunate shortcoming in such an expensive iron.
The Cord Is a Deal Killer (DK).  Because of Cord Placement, iron can be wobbly when placed upright (risk of falling).  I may be able to adjust my behavior "accordingly", but not so sure about my other family members.  This issue alone is a Deal Killer to me because of safety risk - perhaps fixed in revision2 of this iron?Besides the Cord DK issue, the iron is nice.  Big and Heavy which of course translates to better ironed clothes.  Holds lots of water and steams my clothes nice.  Appears to be durable build quality.My "daily driver" iron is a Panasonic I bought on Amazon for around $40.  Even if no cord issue with DeLonghi, I actually still prefer the Panasonic because although it is lighter by that same token it is less effortless to use and still removes wrinkles from my clothes.  Also the Panasonic has retractable cord which makes it easier to store.So for this DeLonghi, 2 stars because of Cord issue.  If no cord issue I would give it 4-stars in consideration that it is intended to be a big heavy high performing iron (but I think still not optimal 5-star price/value relative to other options out there).
I was really looking forward to this little sweeper. I thought it would be perfect for my tile kitchen/dinning area and small area rug under my table...not so.The entire product is extremely lightweight and has an overall flimsy feel to it. I'm not sure how long the handle is going to last, but I give it a month...2 tops. The head swivels...a LOT. While a swivel head is nice, this thing is all over the place. You couldn't get this thing to go in a straight line if your life depended on it. Not the end of the world, but it makes it very awkward when trying to do a quick sweep of the kitchen.As for the area rug, this is pretty much useless. It's a low pile rug, yet the sweeper pretty much comes to a stop as soon as it hits it. If I lift the whole machine up a bit it will vacuum, but the slightest pressure and the brush stops spinning. The tray is very, very small and shallow, so this is best for cleaning a very small space.Honestly, I would have to say keep the thirty bucks you would have spent on this, and apply it to something a little more sturdy. Even if it's a little more money, at least you'll get something that's more versatile, since this works solely on hard floors, and picks up very little.
I was anxious to try this out on our tile floors.  After getting it to stay together without parts of the handle falling off, I was disappointed that it felt so flimsy.  It is lightweight and does swivel, but swivels so much that's it not easy to control where you want to use it.  The brushes are far apart and don't pick up well and the suction sucks (in a bad way; lol), although I did see quite a bit of lint in the dirt container (which is good sized).  It tells you to charge it first for 16 hours and you don't know when it's completely charged because the light never goes off.I'd sorry to say I can't recommend this sweeper for the price.  I'm disappointed in Bissell because I thought they made better products and I was very much hoping it would work well for quick pick ups on our tile.  The thirty bucks it  costs could be put to better use.
I bought this to replace my other Black and Decker which lasted a couple years, but eventually wore out.  No big deal, I thought, just get a new and updated version.Well, if I could I would return it.  It's so unbelievably LOUD!  Now I am not one who likes loud noises in the first place, but this is just completely ridiculous.  My kids run to get their shoes on when they see me getting this out, begging me to wait until they can get outside before I start it up.I am giving it a 2 because it does clean, and is easily cleaned out, but honestly, it's the worst ever in terms of noise.  Even Consumer Reports thinks so.  It's too late for me to return it now that it's used, but I would definitely stay clear if you like quieter cleaning products)
In terms of looking at this item and determining does it do the basic job, the answer is yes, but that doesn't tell the whole story.  The blade is plenty sharp (though if it loses its edge, it may be harder to sharpen than steel would be) but the balance feels, well, off.  Without having seen Alton Brown (Good Eats: The Complete First Season), I knew enough about handling knives to know that if a knife doesn't feel right and doesn't feel balanced when handling it, you are likely not going to be using it as efficiently as you could.  You may strain your muscles more than you would otherwise have to and not be able to make the knife cut as easily as you would hope.Beyond that issue though, the handle for this knife doesn't seem to be well mated to the blade.  In handling this knife, you feel as if the handle might come off with little or no effort.  If you aren't careful you could literally have the knife blade go flying out of your hands.  Personally, that doesn't inspire confidence in being able to rely on one of these knives on a regular basis.If the manufacturer made some improvements, I could see this item becoming more highly rated.  For now, I'd advise caution and would probably recommend looking at other similar items.
The mesh back is especially nice on this chair and it has good lumbar support. All black and looks pretty sleek.However, the height of the arms is not adjustable. Also it cannot lean back (the chair can tilt - but the position of the seat and back relative to each other is always at 90 degrees).But the biggest negative is that the chair does not stay at the height you set it to. After a while of sitting in it, it sinks lower. It's annoying after only a few uses to have to reset it every few days, and it seems like the problem is only going to get worse.
I received two chairs from the Amazon Vine program, and am comparing them side-by-side.  Perhaps it was not fair to evaluate the HVL531 right after its more expensive cousin theHON Boda HMH01 Mesh Work Chair, but immediately it was obvious that the HVL531 was not of the same build quality.  That alone would not necessitate a lower review given the lower cost of the HVL531, but I have bought many office chairs over the years, and I know what to expect.  A chair like the HVL531 can be found in the big box stores for $80 or less during a good sale, so the price for this chair is just too high.To start with, the base is plastic and the casters are low quality.  I can already tell this will not last very long.  Assembly was fairly straightforward - like all chairs of this type it came with a bunch of allen screws and a small allen screwdriver (it even included "extra" screws in case you lose some).  I noticed that the screws often took quite a bit of force to seat, and some parts (like the plate under the seat) did not lie flat until you tightened the screws down hard.  The large oval holes for mounting in the armrest (which is entirely plastic) basically prove that the casting tolerances are loose.  Metal on metal assembly was even worse.  The screw heads themselves stripped easy and the bottom of the screws started flaking black finish off of the chair bottom.  The attachment of the back of the chair seems just wrong - a flat metal tab is screwed into the chair and on top of a metal plate that does not lie flush.  Hence, the back support is mounted at a weird angle under the chair.  You can't feel it when you sit in the chair, but I know this will fail soon.Sitting in the chair, it is just obvious none of the parts fit tightly.  It wobbles a bit, the armrests look nice but are unforgiving, and the rolling is not smooth.  While the HVL531 is designed to look nice, it just does not perform.If this chair were half the cost, I might recommend it, but there are so many better chairs in this price range that I recommend you pass on it.
These containers are BPA-free (bisphenol-A, a chemical that mimics estrogen), but they are not without other problems. Made of type 6 plastic (polystyrene), they are as clear as glass, but also rigid and brittle. The walls are rather thin and they do not look like they can withstand bending and falls. Under normal use, this should be fine, unless you tend to be clumsy and drop things a lot or have little kids and pets that might knock the containers off tables and shelves. Less versatile than glass, they also cannot go in the microwave, dishwasher, or freezer. They must be hand-washed.The pinch top lids are convenient because they are square and can be put on regardless of orientation but there is a major problem with the design. The lids are hollow and take in water when washing. There is no way to take apart the lids to empty out the water, making them temporarily unusable until the water evaporates. There's no plug hole for draining, so the best you can do is shake out the water and wait. They are also not flat. They protrude outward from the center and extends into the container an inch at its tallest point. If you're storing larger items, you may not have enough clearance to close the lid tightly.Lastly, the price is not a good value. With the design flaws and high cost, it is better to go with another product like Kinetic Go Green 7 Piece Food Storage Container Set orPyrex Rectangular Clear-Glass Food-Storage Containers, Set of 3.
I was happy to receive these containers, but I won't be using them for food. When I washed them, water got inside the lid and was difficult to shake out. I assume this water will eventually evaporate, but that could take weeks. For this reason I will not be using these for any kind of dry food. I do like the way the lids close and that I can see through them. I do like the three sizes and the white colored lids.But storage is storage after all, and I do love storage. I'll be using these for Q-tips, cotton balls and rolled up socks. I suggest you do the same.
I was excited to receive these containers and had their use already planned.  They come stacked inside one another and were easy to remove from the box.  My first impression was that the clear plastic material was brittle and could break if dropped, spilling the contents and breaking the tubs.  I decided to try them out and went about washing them first as directed.I filled the sink with hot soapy water and put them in there to soak for a bit.  I came back to scrub a bit , rinse and dry , but then encountered a problem.  Soapy water had entered the LIDS of these things, in between the seal portion and the latch portion.  I could shake them and hear the hot soapy water sloshing, but having arthritis there was NO WAY I could take the lid assembly apart to drain the water OUT.  Anything that requires this much fuss after simply washing them is just not worth my time and effort.  I see this as a serious design flaw and as a result can't bring myself to give these my recommendation. Whether they hold their contents well is immaterial if I cant get the soap out from between to top and bottom portion of the lids.The box says they were engineered in New Zealand and manufactured in China. Perhaps something was lost in  the translation. I will stick with Tupperware or Rubbermaid, both of which I find to be superior and more suited to my use.
Okay banana slicer, but I wish I'd waited for a Bluetooth model. Feels very 1990s. At least it's Mac compatible!
So, let's just start with the successful features of this product:Pros:-It really does keep coffee hot/warm for up to two hours. A great travel mug with an excellent seal. (No complaints here).-Available in a wide range of vibrant colors. (There's one to compliment anyone's personality!)-Very explicit instruction sheet. (Found inside the container itself).Now for the areas which may need improvement:Potential Cons:-Heavy when empty. (Obviously) even heavier when full. Clearly, the sheer weight of this product is a result of its heat retaining ability ... still, it's much weightier than I ever anticipated.-Doesn't hold nearly as much liquid as it appears. The container is huge (read: "bulky") but there is a surprising amount space taken up inside by the double wall and press.-The press feature left coffee grounds in the bottom of the mug (you'll want to leave a little liquid in the bottom of the container if you use the press option). The instructions clearly read that a finely ground coffee is not advised, but I found that even a coarser grind still left an undesirable swamp at the bottom.-I have had to twice dissemble the product to retrieve a fallen filter (which cannot be pulled back into place by hand). Frustrating and time-consuming.-The silicon grip has slipped out of place on several occasions ... it had to be tugged back into the grooves.-Had to buy soy milk in the child-size "boxes" and then used the little straws to wrangle milk inside the mug. Not especially convenient or elegant. (And raw sugar just plain made a mess). Buy this if you prefer your coffee black.If you need a sturdy mug for travel, this may work for you. Simply replace the press with the bonus lid (included!) and enjoy a warm beverage even in the dead of winter! However, the press feature may leave you disappointed ... therefore, proceed with caution.
Pros:#1 Nice sturdy all stainless mug inside and out with a silicone heat and slip resistant grip.#2 Very secure spill proof hinged latching lid easy to drink out of.#3 Also comes with an additional regular spill proof latching lid without the press feature so it can be used as a regular travel mug.Cons:#1 Claims to be 16 ounces yet if you fill to 16 ounces the level comes up to the very top edge of the cup leaving no room for the lid. This mug is 12 ounces at best, If you use it with the press you only get 10 to 12 ounces depending on how much coffee or tea you put in it.#2 The press does not strain out all particles no matter what grind you use, even very course ground coffee left a bunch of particles floating at the top. Tea was no better still left floating bits.#3 instructions say to add sugar and cream after you push down the plunger. Good luck putting it through the tiny half a penny size hole and you can't judge how much cream you have added because you can't see through the tiny hole. If you remove the lid the press pulls out with the lid leaving a cup full of coffee and grounds.#4 No way to stir the coffee if you do manage to get the sugar and cream through the small hole, shaking makes more grit pass through the cheaply made nylon press.#5 Did not keep the beverage hot very long and it does not hold enough.This is an Ok travel mug but as a "press and go" cup forget it. That said, the price is just way over the top for just a travel mug with a useless press. You have to wonder, didn't anyone actually try this out before they marketed it?
This Bodum press/travel mug comb is very well made. It is heavy gauge steel with a nice polish to it - built to last. On the other hand, the lid or press feel fairly cheaply made and I am unsure of the longevity of these items. It comes with a spare lid, which is how I use it. I do not use the press and think most will find it annoying, unless you drink your coffee/tea black (pouring milk/cream/sugar through the small hole is not very in the lid is not very convenient, which is the company suggestion). Otherwise, this item works well, pretty leak resistant, but I don't think that will last long. It does not keep coffee hot as long as I would like (the winner is the Thermos Sipp line, amazing product - but it is not a press), but better than most.5-11-2011 update:  As I anticipated, this item is no longer leakproof. Turn it upside down and it showers coffee! Not a good thing...  Boooooooooo Bodum!!!
This Hoover WH10600 is AHAM CADR certified, with "Clean Air Delivery Rates" (CADR); Dust 84, Pollen 79, Smoke 51.  Those aren't good ratings for the price of this unit, and this air purifier is only for a small room so I have it in my den/office where my dogs and I are most often.  Hoover advertises this as cleaning a room 12x12 (144 sq ft) in size, but AHAM awarded it a room size rating of only 79 sq feet.  That's a SMALL room.Regarding noise for this Hoover air purifier:  Level 1 is pretty quiet, I can barely hear it, but Level 2 is loud (louder than my heat-pump central air) and the noise bothers me, and Level 3 is even louder.  Each time you press a button on this purifier, it makes a loud beep, so if I use it in the bedroom it's not something I'd want to turn on or off if my husband is already asleep.  And the lights on this Hoover purifier are BRIGHT.If I didn't know a thing about air purifiers, I might've been content with this unit.  But, this isn't my first purifier, and I do know a few things about them.  My other air purifier is a Fellowes AP-230PH and it too is AHAM certified, but its ratings are much better: Dust 161, Pollen 156, Smoke 150, and its room size rating is for a 230 sq ft room.  And on Amazon at this time, the Fellowes is $10 *cheaper* than this lower-performance Hoover.  And the Fellowes purifier does its work more quietly - on High level, the Fellowes makes the same volume of noise as my central air.Honestly, I don't recommend this Hoover WH10600... it looks pretty and has a small footprint, but that's about it.  There are better performers for the price.
but difficult to assemble.  Maybe my unit is just defective, but the motor housing is nearly impossible to seat on the bucket.  I had a difficult time seating the housing when the machine was empty, and figured, well, maybe when the canister and bucket have something in them, it will be easier.  Got everything into the appropriate containers, and prepared to wrestle with the motor housing.  Ten minutes of shifting the canister, dasher and motor and the "tabs" finally fit into the metal slots on the bucket.  The manual instructs the operator to check the ice cream mixture after ten minutes.  Guess what this means-taking the motor off the machine.  Checked the mixture, and then about seven minutes later get the unit back in operation after struggling to seat the motor and get the little tabs into the brackets.  Currently, the machine is churning away in the garage.  Will update when the ice cream is finished, as to how it tastes and how long it actually took to make.Once the lid is on, the machine worked well and the ice cream was finished in about 20-25 minutes total.  The finished product had the texture (slightly grainy) that I remember fondly from my youth, and tasted excellent.  I used the machine again for my daughter's birthday, and found the motor assembly was easier (but still not easy) to lock into place if I used my knee to push down on the latch arm.
Personally I didn't care for this item. First, it takes up a lot of space for the small amount of drink it produces. I find I would prefer separate devices, so as to keep out only the one I use frequently (coffee) and take up less counter space.The bistro is primarily plastic and feels very cheap, I don't expect to get years, if even months, of use from it. Mostly though, I find it overly complicated, even compared to other similar coffee and/or tea makers. There's lots of components to store or that can get lost, and frankly, it just doesn't make all that good a cup of coffee to be worth all the negatives.
When I was given the opportunity to review this super lightweight Hoover Windtunnel Air I was very excited.  I have a self-propelled Hoover Windtunnel that is nearly 12 years old that I love and I was hopeful that this little 12 pound vac would have the same great performance and suction as my old Hoover.  I was even excited by the fact that this little vac also seemed to be emulating my new Dyson DC-33 that I got for Christmas.  How can a vacuum that mimics the style of a Dyson and comes from the Hoover Windtunnel line disappoint?  Let me tell you how.Before I tell you everything that this vacuum lacks, let me hit on it's good points.  Weighing in at 12 pounds this vacuum is incredibly lightweight and easy to manage if you'll be carrying it up and down flights of stairs.  If you have back problems, as I do, you'll appreciate how light this vacuum is.  The vacuum is very compact and can fit into small spaces that larger vacs simply can't.  The filters for this vacuum can be washed (by hand) so you won't have to buy replacement filters for it down the line. Emptying the dirt cup is a snap, as is adjusting the vacuum handle (yes, it actually has an adjustable handle).  The attachments nicely store on the vacuum and very closely resemble Dyson attachments.Performance is not a hallmark of this particular vacuum.  I put it to the test in my children's playroom.  The carpet was peppered with small beads, pet hair, and tiny bits of paper from when my girls were doing some cutting crafts.  The vacuum missed most of the small bits of paper and could not suck up any of the teeny tiny seed beads.  Considering we have hand held dust busters that can pick up those items with ease, I'd say this vacuum was a huge disappointment when it comes to what it was able to lift off the carpet.  I pulled out my Dyson once I had put the Hoover Air through it's paces and it picked up quite a lot that the Hoover did not.  The box for the Hoover Air makes a claim similar to Dyson that the vacuum does not lose suction.  While that may be true, the suction this vacuum has is so little that it's almost non-existant.  After using it, I got the impression that it was more or less a glorified toy vacuum.  This vacuum simply cannot compete with the more powerful Hoover Windtunnel models and does not even come close to the power you'll find in a Dyson.For the money, I'm sure there is a another vacuum out there at or around the same price point as this model that will outperform it.  The vacuum does not compete with Hoovers that are twice it's price point.  If you are looking for a cheap vacuum for a small apartment with no pets this model may work for you, but I wouldn't recommend it for a larger home or any home that has children and pets.  I'd equate this vacuum to one of those cheap stick vacuums that are little more than a glorified dust buster.
Fair warning, my current vacuums are a pair of Dysons - one DC17 and one DC07, an older generation of Dysons (without the ball joint) but still in great condition.My last Windtunnel was pre-bagless - it was a red monster that I thought did a pretty good job until I got my Dysons. The bag was constantly getting full and having to be replaced. This UH70400 however is a sad replacement.My ground floor is all tile with a few rugs. Having two dogs that love to play in the backyard, there's always quite a bit of foliage, dirt, and dust floating around the floors. First impressions - the UH70400 has a neat option where the brush is turned off and on by the use of a toggle switch right next to the power button. This is actually pretty nice and I find that I like it more than Dyson's foot-based flip-switch. This made it very easy to move from rug to tile and back again.Both of my dogs have undercoats so there's constantly large hairballs floating around. I generally like to pick these up with the wand attachment because they clog the rotating brushes very quickly. Using the wand attachment was a bit of a conundrum - I actually had to break out the instruction book to figure out how to do this. Unfortunately the book was useless (it basically said: detach the hose, plug it into the intake - with zero illustration on how exactly to do this). I did figure it out (you take the intake hose out from the brush head and attach it to the hose attachment which also attaches to the wand), but I have to say that whoever designed this did not have ease of use in mind. Yes the hoses have a nice lock system, but if you're like me and like to switch back and forth between wand attachment and main assembly often, you will not like this machine at all.Looking past the wand assembly, my main problem with this vacuum was that it just didn't have enough suction power. If you assume that the Dyson is at the top-end of the suction range (yes I know the Kirby's have more power, but I've never personally used one), and thosestick vacuumsare somewhere near the bottom, I would say that this Hoover is closer to the stick vacuums than the Dyson where raw suction power is concerned. Example: When you're at the edge of a rug, there's always that little line of gunk that gets stuck right between the rug and floor. Vacuums with low suction power have a hard time with this as well because they don't have a good seal on the ground to create their upward suction. The Dyson has enough power that even with a zero seal, it generally grabs most of the gunk up with a single pass. This Hoover simply couldn't do it. I could leave the head assembly hovering the quarter-inch off the tile(height of the rug) and it would never pick up what was on the edge of the rug and tile.So who should buy this Hoover?Well in all fairness I got this free via the Vine program, but that being said, I would not buy this vacuum for the list price. If it dropped to a sub-$100 range (say the $80's), then it's a maybe.Who would it be good for? I would say *maybe* small apartments or condos... The low profile head does get under furniture relatively well, and it's small footprint will corner around tight places pretty easily. Again though, it's just lacking a lot of "oomph"....oh and removing the brush head for hair removal?  Still a royal pain.
My cakes always come out tasting soapy after cooking in this when the pan has been previously washed in my dishwasher. I think being immersed in soapy water in the high dishwasher temperatures (washed on top rack) makes the pan sort of absorb the soap and transfers it to whatever is cooked in it next. Washing pans with multiple crevices is often more than I want to deal with by hand since it takes so long, so not being able to wash it in the dishwasher since it makes the food soapy means this pan will be relegated to non-edible use from now on. I also struggled with my cakes releasing from the pan as it should. They were never able to simply slide or pop out in one piece. The cake batter cooked forming a still somewhat tacky connection to the sides and bottom of the pan. Tried baking multiple times with same problems resulting.
For me this vacuum is replacing a similar style bagged canister by Bissell, the zing 22q3.  Of course the Tattoo Crimson Bouquet is visually more attractive but that wouldn't be a sway factor for me in buying a vac as I am interested in the practical performance of the product.  There is one significant issue with this vacuum and that is the extension wand, it will not stay locked into position.  It appears to have been a problem with the factory assembly and may be particular to one lot of machines but I wouldn't recommend taking the chance.  I am not the only person to have reported having this same issue.Other than that (important) problem, all in all the Dirt Devil would get a five star rating from me.  It's a bit more compact and lighter than the Bissell.  This is the type of vac that works for my home.  I prefer a small bagged canister.  Adjustable suction, bags are easy to find when you need to buy replacements.  I do not have any deep pile carpet only bare floor and flat rugs.  Needless to say I cannot recommend a unit that I got which was defective.  I tried contacting the company by email and they replied that I would need to call customer service.  That's not how I prefer to do business and not worth the bother for me to negotiate over their mistake.
Well I was expecting better from Dirt Devil.. I have had  their products in the past but this one is by far the worse designed and functioning unit I have had from themDirection and instructions are sorely lacking...  assembly is not intuitive... Rather a hit miss  option.. No excuse for not providing detailed directions, in my opinion.Now to function.. well  unfortunately it misses on this score as well..Very loud and the floor attachment isn't much good for carpeted areas... and when trying to use it on hard wood or tile floors  it doesn't smoothly move over them rather sort of hops around.. I think another reviewer called it  clattering I don't know what it is but it is truly annoying... It cleaned but was very unpleasant affair.I wish there was something positive I could say but  sadly I cannot recommend this product.. There are much superior products at this price point on the market.. Dirt Devil needs to take this item back and re-work  and then release it again..Save your pennies and look else where for better Dirt Devil units.
This is not an easy review to write.  I was provided a sample of this product by the marketing company representing StufZ burger press in exchange for an honest review.  I watched the video before agreeing to accept the product, and it looked interesting.  My husband loves burgers, and I was sure a cool burger stuffed with cheddar and jalapenos would blow his socks off!  And it might have - had it worked better.  Unfortunately, this little plastic device is more trouble than it's worth.First of all, the device itself is very cheaply made.  It's really just a small plastic press with a top part that can be used to create a burger with a cavity in which you can place an assortment of fillings.  But the pieces of the press are awkward to use and can easily fall apart.  The top part of the press is supposed to "lock" into place so it can be used as a plunger (to press into the meat to make the cavity), but it kept slipping out of its locked position.  There's also a round piece in the bottom of the press that can come out - if you move the press while you're making the burger that can slip as well.  That bottom piece is the only part of this that's easily removed for cleaning - which means the rest of the thing is a real pain to get clean.Second, you need to use an awful lot of meat to make one of these things.  I tried it first using  pound of ground beef (the usual size burger I make), divided into two parts (for the top and bottom), but unless I used the entire  pound in the bottom, I couldn't get a base that had any kind of cavity for filling (and even then the sides weren't tall enough to seal properly with the top).  Which means the burgers I ended up with each contained almost  pound of beef!  That's a ridiculously big burger and not something I would ever think to make on a regular basis.  Additionally, it's very difficult to get the top of the burger to seal with the bottom of the burger (probably because I was trying not to use as much meat).  I had to seal the thing manually after removing it from the plastic press to make sure it wouldn't fall apart during cooking.  Funny, I could have done the whole thing manually with a lot less trouble!Now for the stuffing part:  The instructions say to cook any meat or vegetables you plan to stuff into your burger in advance - which means you'll need to saut&eacute; your mushrooms, onions, peppers, etc. before you stuff the burger.  I made two burgers, one stuffed with cheddar and jalapenos (I used pickled jalapenos, so I didn't pre-cook them) and another stuffed with mushrooms and Swiss cheese.  I saut&eacute;ed the mushrooms before adding them to the burger, as instructed.  By the time you have the bottom of the press lined with meat, you won't have all that much space for the toppings.  But I put in a generous amount of the veggies and cheese (the instructions state, "Don't be afraid to use a lot of stuffers," adding, "Our team found that most people were too cautious not to overstuff their burgers").  Well, if you put in too much you won't be able to get the top part of the burger into the press, or get the plastic thing to close so it can seal.Finally, I grilled both burgers on a gas-powered grill on my deck.  The results were mixed.  The stuffing did melt nicely, but only by cooking the burgers longer than I would have ordinarily.  We like our burgers medium-rare, which is a problem for a process like this.  In order to get the interior of the stuffing hot you'll need to cook the burger to well-done (and since the meat part of the burger is fairly thin, that means a very dry burger).  It was definitely disappointing.Bottom line, the StufZ burger press is cheaply made and difficult to operate, makes HUGE burgers that must be over-cooked, and is hard to clean.  I could easily make a stuffed burger by hand - if I wanted a stuffed burger.  But after trying this thing I'm convinced that cheese and veggies belong on top of the burger so that the burger itself can be cooked to the desired temperature.  I can't for the life of me see any real use for this thing.  It's a silly gadget that honestly isn't worth the price.[Please note:  I was provided a sample of this product for review; the opinions expressed here are my own.]
The StufZ Burger Press is a great idea but it is complicated in construction and somewhat difficult to use.  With practice, we were able to form and fill the burger cups, but then getting the top layer on neatly was more difficult.  Using a lot of cooking spray helps, and having a removable bottom plate was indispensable.The instructions do not say that the device is safe for the dishwasher, and I would expect that it might warp if exposed to high temperatures.  There are several moving and nested parts that don't disassemble, making it difficult to clean thoroughly.There are several other similar devices available on Amazon that seem to be both sturdier and simpler to use, and I would recommend considering them instead.A sample was provided for testing and evaluation.
This press is a clever product that should work as easily as in the advertising video.  For me, however, it did not.  The third cup of hamburger failed to cover the bottom of the press, much less the sides. In addition, it did not slide up and down smoothly.To solve the problem and make stuffed burgers for dinner, I resorted to patting the hamburger into shape with my fingers, sealing it in the same manner.  That worked, although the patties were not as good-looking as the ones in the video.So what about results?  So-so.  What I discovered was that the hamburger itself overpowered the ingredients.  When I want to add something to a burger for extra flavor, I found that it works best to put whatever it is, cheese, onions, mushrooms, on top of the burger so it is less likely to be overcome by the flavor of the burger itself.Nice idea, but it doesn&#8217;t work for me.Two Stars!NOTE: A sample of this product was sent me by the manufacturer in return for a review.
I have used a FoodSaver in one form or another for over 25 years. I've also had aFreshSaverfor about five. So was only natural to compare these two appliances with the Oliso PRO-1000 Vacuum Sealer that I am reviewing here.The vacuum sealer itself is considerably more compact than the FoodSaver V2860 I own, though considerably bigger than the FreshSaver. The Oliso feels solid and substantial, especially when compared to the FreshSaver. In use this unit is about as loud as the FoodSaver.Using the Oliso is a snap. Fill the bag, seal the Ziploc edge, lineup the circle on the bag with the machine, and wait for the light to say it's done.If I were only evaluating the vacuum sealer I could and the review right now giving a solid four stars. However, since the system also includes the bags...I primarily use my FoodSaver for freezing. For example, we buy meat in the "family pack" size when it's on sale. We then freeze individual portions. For this use, making custom sized bags from a roll is the most practical and the most economical. Since you are not supposed to reuse bags that have contained raw protein, reuse is not a factor.Unlike the FoodSaver, you can only use precut bags with the Oliso. The VacSnap bags, the ones you are most likely to use in the refrigerator or freezer, only come in two sizes, quart or gallon. The pantry bags come in a couple more sizes, again, the quart size is the smallest you can buy. There are many occasions when a quart bag is too large, especially in the refrigerator.As with the FoodSaver, reusing the bags reduces their overall cost. Unlike the FoodSaver, these bags don't get shorter with every use, you have the same size quart bag for up to 10 uses. There are a couple of caveats however. The first comes directly from Oliso: Bags can be used multiple times except "One-time microwaving, simmering and sous vide cooking..." I assume that means one trip through the microwave and the bag is toast. The other is the standard one concerning bags that have contained raw protein (meat, chicken, fish, etc.). Those that have contained raw protein should never be reused.The pantry bags, that you vac with the hose, are also a good idea. I like the wide bottom so the bag stand up easily so you can fill them. I would find these bags the more useful than the VacSnap bags. However... I filled one of those bags with a pound of pistachios sealed it and vacuumed it. Though the bags vacuum nicely the first time, it had lost its seal in less than a month. I opened the bag, used about half of the contents, and resealed the bag (using Oliso's bag closer thingy). I re-vacuumed the bag with the hose attachment, and in less than a day the bag had lost it's a vacuum.Bottom LineThe Oliso vacuum sealer works as advertised. The bags, however, are different story, with a limited number of sizes, along with the limited availability and a high price. In my limited testing, the pantry bags fail to hold a vacuum. I am still testing the VacSnap bags and will report back after some longer-term testing.If you use the vacuum sealer is I do, primarily for freezing meats, vegetables, etc. then this one is too limited in what it can do. The VacSnap bags can be reused provided you don't microwave them. Reusing them after they have contained raw protein is not advisable. I often freeze a single chicken breast and then defrost it in the microwave so that bag is not reusable.  Add to the fact they only come in quart and gallon sizes that limits the usefulness of my house. One pork chop or chicken breast in a quart bag is a major waste.At the time of this writing the Oliso is selling here on Amazon for just short of $150. In my opinion this is not a good value, as there are several FoodSaver models for less money. And with those you have the flexibility of precut bags or making your own from one of two widths of rolls. There are also third-party bags and rolls available. For short-term vacuum storage in the refrigerator the FreshSaver is only $20.>>>Update May 13, 2014&lt;&lt;&lt;Okay, I've had this for a while and had a chance use both styles of bags more than once. I've also reused both styles of bags more than once. In my opinion, this device is is not worth the hassle.As I said in my original review, the vacuum sealer itself works really well. But since you have to use their bags with the vacuum sealer, and only their bags, this machine is more of a pain than it's worth. Most times the VacSnap bags will seal okay the first time but after that it's really hit and miss. The other disadvantage of these bags is they are almost impossible to clean after the first sealing if they contain liquid. For example, one way I have sealed bags with liquid (say some soup or stew) is to fill the bag and place it in the freezer un-vacuumed until it freezes (or almost freezes). I will then close the bag and vacuum seal it. For these bags the area between the multiple sealing ports will collect the unfrozen liquid and you will find it does not all clean out when you try to wash the bag. So basically if you use liquid in one of these bags it is a single use bag.The pantry bags, while a really good idea, continue to disappoint I've yet to get one to hold the initial seal for more than about a month, and resealing the bag has lasted as little as one day.Yes, I followed all the suggestions from the manufacturer and the reviewers here, and I have always made sure I used the little sealer thingy that came with the package. The results remain the same.I've downgraded this from three stars to two. As a vacuum sealing device the vac sealer rates five stars, but without reliable bags it's just a dust collector.
The bottom line is that the bags are too expensive to make this unit attractive. 14 bags are $10, meaning you are paying over 70 cents a bag. The argument is that the bags are reusable. Technically, the bags can be re-used, but the problem is that they are very hard to clean. The inside of the bag is rough and corrugated. You have to open them up and wash them by hand, and then leave them propped open to dry. If any tiny food particulate is left in the ziplock portion, the bag will not seal correctly. Also, if you seal fish or meat items, it is really hard to get the inside of the bag what I would consider clean, and want to eat out of.I really like the idea of vacuum sealing food for storage, and I had really hoped that someone would come out with a solid unit to compete with the foodsaver, but this is just not it, in my mind.
As I said from the title. I've never used a grill pan so I may not know enough. Maybe it's even supposed to be used for a gas stove, and I have electric, I don't know that either.  The problem is burning, those toasted sandwiches, and grill marked meats, they have all burned on this unit, even with relatively low heat.Issue number two, is that this pan is heavy, small women and the aged would have a lot of trouble manipulating this pan, especially if you had anything in it that was heavy in it's own right.  For the life of me I can't think of many uses of this pan.  Bacon would splatter with no lid, It's not deep enough for most cooking items.  Maybe some vegetables, but they would likely burn and stick too.I expect with a properly seasoned pan, that grilled salmon, steaks, chops, ham, or even chicken breasts might work out, but do I really need an expensive pan for that, I guess this one is your call.
This seemed like it would be perfect to keep near the stove to season dishes while cooking.  I "topped off" the salt and pepper containers and placed the six brand new AAA batteries in as directed.  The pepper side works fine -- just tip the grinder in the direction of the pepper (more than 90 degress tip is required) and a smooth continuous flow of freshly ground pepper comes out.  My problem is that the salt side does not work much if at all.  I have adjusted the grinder tightness, rechecked the batteries and tried different angles but to no avail.  I MIGHT get a short quick grind of a little tiny bit of salt but then it stops. Mostly it does not work.  I got it to give me one good grind and then that was it -- no more.  It seems to be trying to grind in a very weak way but it is not successful and no salt comes out.  So half of this item is great but the whole thing does not work.  Need to send it back, I guess.
I hate "battery hogs" ... so I must admit when I saw that this requires 6 AAA batteries I was not liking this gadget much. [and shouldn't they have provided a starter set of batteries considering it retails for over 50 bucks? ...really, 6 cheap heavy duties at least]I have a friend with a red kitchen and she would love this just because it "matched"... but as for me, I'm going to need some justification for any more new gadgets around the house... most have become dust collecting nuisances.AAA batteries have never really been a very good product...they tend to be short-lived in all but the lowest drain electronic items... so using 6 to get 9 volts in a grinder makes sense only for those who profit from battery sales. :)The device works OK... if a little clumsy to pass around. It might make sense for one who must grind pepper over food many times each day...[well, at least if you purchased rechargeables]... this would help avoid repetitive motion injury ... e.g. carpal tunnel syndrome. If one has some disability causing an inability to grind easily ...perhaps this would help... but most patients with significant problems would likely just sprinkle their salt and pepper the traditional and easy way. This thing is just too easy to live without... really! Forty or fifty bucks and an addiction to AAA's to boot... no thanks!
The Sienna is my third steam mop, preceded by a Bissell Steam Mop and a Shark.Here's what was nice about the Sienna:1. It heats up fast.2. Assembly is a snap but does need a screwdriver.3. It has a folding handle that allows it to be stored in small spaces.4. It SAYS it can use tap water (unless you have hard water or know what tap water can do to your steam iron)5. It stands upright all by itself which is nice compared with the Shark that had to lean up against something.Here's what seriously stinks by comparison.1. The steam only comes out when you push a rather firm button on the top of the handle. This is really not well planned. It requires a serious workout for your thumb unlike the shark which self triggers the steam whenever you push down or forward on the mop; or the Bissell which had the button under the hand grip which allowed your fingers to do the work. Halfway through doing my kitchen (not a big room!) my thumbs were aching! Ideally the steam wouldn't require a trigger but all three mops I have owned have had this. It does reduce chances of steaming your own foot, so I can see the logic in it. :)2. The cord is short! I had to change outlets for just the kitchen so you had better have strategically placed outlets, or be willing to use an extension cord. The Shark easily beat this and the cord for the Shark is much lighter and more flexible.3. The Steam is not as powerful as the Shark.4. The unit comes with one triangular mop head and two fabric covers. These are fine but I found that the three sizes of the mop heads in the Shark saved a lot of time - small triangle for small areas, big rectangle for big spaces and the regular size.5. The unit also comes with a carpet glider and claims to clean carpets. This is a bit misleading since all it does is steam the surface of your carpets. The shark comes with a similar device but the manual is very upfront about this just being a way to refresh your carpets and NOT actually clean them.5. The biggest kicker for me - The Sienna has a changeable filter. I learned about this the hard way with the Bissell a few years back when filters suddenly became impossible to find thereby reducing my mop to junk and necessitating the purchase of the (no filter required) Shark. In my experience, a mop that needs a filter is like a mop with an unknown expiration date.6. The Sienna is heavier. This may mean more metal parts and better quality (I have no way of knowing - th exterior is all plastic) but it makes it more exhausting to work with. For the older person, or an out of shape slob like myself, the Shark makes floor washing much easier.So, to sum it all up, The Sienna is a fine basic mop but is not as well designed as the Shark. Both units are made in China. Both are fairly comparable in price and if you are trying to choose between them. . . Well, I hope this review will help.I think the idea of a steam mop is a really good one but there are many designs out there that simply do not make the cut. I still prefer them over traditional bucket and mop cleaning. The next on my list to check out is the Enviroshark which sounds like it actually has the kinks worked out.
Excessive difficulty in assembling - some parts simply wouldn't snap together until near breakage point.  I had to go into "Zen mode" and become one with the vacuum cleaner before I could get it fully assembled.  Emptying the dirt cup and cleaning the filter was easy, however putting the dirt cup back onto the vacuum cleaner was a real pain in the you-know-what.  I tried my best to follow the directions which say to align it up and then press down.  I kept wrestling with it for at least 10 minutes and still it would NOT snap down.  Finally I hooked the back latch over the it's notch, and then using it as a hinge I was able to get the front snapped.  Voila.  (I'm writing this in as a note to myself in case I forget the trick to it).However, once you get through the "parts" part, it does a good job of vacuuming. (See UPDATE at bottom of review) It has a very powerful motor.  With various selections for the type of carpet, including bare floor, I chose the one for short carpet and I could definitely feel a strong pull from the vacuum cleaner.  It also did a great job on the bare floor in the hallway.Having no bags to buy is nice but the filter gets real dirty real fast.  I will probably remove the filter every time I empty the dirt cup and use the included brush to clean it with.  It says you can wash the filter but I haven't done that yet.  The hose attachment is nice and pliable and the suction is very good through it.  I used it to vacuum the stairs up to the second level of our home.  Since the cord on the vacuum cleaner is very long, I didn't have to unplug it to find a closer socket as I approached the top of the stairs.  It stayed plugged in the bottom electrical socket.  I had to bring the vacuum cleaner up with me as I went higher and higher up the stairs and it stayed well balanced on the step or two below the one I was vacuuming.  My other upright vacuum cleaners want to lean forward and fall down the steps.  This one stayed in place.I don't know how long the motor will last.  My other two vacuums are at least 20 years old each and still running good but they don't suck as strongly as the Eureka.  It's a heavy vacuum so I will probably keep it downstairs and use the others for the upstairs.Overall, it's good, but I sure didn't like the assembly or trying to place the dirt cup back on.  I hope that after more experience with it I will be able to snap it back on quickly.  I certainly hope so because it seems to fill up quickly.  It comes with lots of attachments to get to those cracks and crevices.  I will have to be sure and empty the dirt cup before attacking our sofas.UPDATE:  11.5.12___________________O.K. I've had this thing for a while now and I'm NOT nearly as impressed now with it as I was when I first wrote this review.  It no longer picks up trash from our short carpet (yes, it's at the correct height setting) and drops as much trash as it picks up.  I empty the dust cup frequently since it fills up so fast but now it's hardly picking up any carpet dirt.  One of our dogs chewed up a bathroom rug and there were 1 inch strings from the rug on our carpet.  It would not suck any of them up but instead they all got wadded together in a ball and the vacuum started bouncing.  Honestly, I can't recommend buying this thing.  I have lowered my original star rating from a 4 to a 2 star review.
I've always liked the idea of towels derived from more sustainable bamboo but hadn't used one until I tried the Pure Fiber Bath Towel set on for size.  Made from 100% viscose from bamboo yarn, the bath towel had a luxurious softness right out of the package, but that's where the appeal ended for me.The first drawback is that the bath towel (the set also includes a face cloth and hand cloth), while a good size, just doesn't feel as absorbent as a cotton towel.  Worse, it takes forever to dry (the next day it was still damp).  It also looks shabby after just one wash and dry (on low, as recommended), but I'm not prepared to get in the habit of ironing my towels, just so they'll hang better.As a result, I'll probably use the bath towel only for gym purposes--it's easy enough to roll up and stuff in a bag, and who cares if it looks all creased.  But I'll be holding onto the old reliable cotton ones for when company comes.
I really wanted to  like these towels so very much - the promo about their softness appealed.  And, yes, that's true they are extremely soft.  Even after several washings they're retained their original fresh softness.HOWEVER, they do not absorb!  After bath or shower it's necessary to really rub in order to dry oneself.  At least, that was my experience.  I certainly  don't want towels that do not absorb moisture while patting dry as do cotton towels.  I especially  don't want to have to rub my face in  order  to get it dry enough to apply daily  moisturizer.The color is nice - blends easily in each bathroom.Sorry not to have been more positive and hope others are pleased with them.  Asfor me, I'll stick with the thick cotton towels.
When I opened this package, I thought this towel set felt like heaven.Although it feels like a Very, Very Thin microfiber throw blanket.I washed the set before using it.When I started to dry myself coming out of the shower, it felt like it was Sticky,andClinging to my body, like a bed sheet would if you used it wet.I washed it again, and it felt the same way when I used it again.I also used a dyer sheet when drying in the dryer.It took abit longer to dry in the dryer. Also when I washed it, it was heavy, as it balled up and it made my washer a uneven load. I had to keep moving it around for the spin cycle. A big pain in the neck.The only thing I liked about the bath towel was, when I wrap my wet hair up in it, sincethe towel is thin, it did not feel heavy on my head.I'm thin , and it wraped around me nice.I could only give this a 2 star. I have since put this towel away in my linen closet, and will give it away to one of my grandkids, or use it to dry my car after washing it.
Both my husband and I used these towels; I asked him to use them the first week, when they were brand new.  After five days, I asked him for his thoughts.  His opinion:  the towel lacks substance, is thin, stays damp (we live in a dry climate), is not as absorbent as cotton, and when wet, does not smell good.  I asked him how many times he used the towel, and he said, twice.  This is a man who showers every day without fail; in five days, he was actually avoiding showering so as not to use the towel!My perspective in using the towels for the second week is this:  they are thin but very soft, a good size, drying is so-so, and I do not like the grassy, woody smell (which has persisted through three washings now).  More bothersome to me are the washing instructions:  machine wash cold, gentle cycle with light color, no bleach, mild detergent, tumble dry low.  Putting aside the question of whether towels really get clean and germ free in a cold, gentle cycle with mild detergent, it took 45 minutes to get one towel and one hand towel, all by themselves, dry on the low cycle of the dryer.Then there is the cost for these towels, now showing as $41.99 (currently with a 10% coupon discount) for one three-piece set.  In contrast (and also on Amazon), for example, I can purchase two sets of highly rated Egyptian cotton towels for only $37.81 (reference on Amazon is Superior 900 Gram Egypitan (sic) Cotton 6-Piece Towel Set by Superior, ASIN:  B005TOX4ZU, and individual sizes are comparable).  The point is that the cost for these towels seriously exceeds what can be purchased for much less in other natural fibers, namely Egyptian cotton.  This review will be updated in several months as to how these towels wear.December 3, 2012 update:  I have washed this towel at least 15 times.  The good news is that it no longer has a smell.  Further, the towel remains very soft and has held up well under the washings.  However, know that you must follow the wash and dry instructions without fail.  I decided to treat this towel as I do my other,  100% cotton, towels (using warm water/cold rinse and medium heat in dryer), with the result that the formerly 30 x 56 inch bath towel is now 28 x 50 inches, so know that heat will severely shrink this material.
I was initially pleased with these towels, but have become less happy with them after only 2 washings (following the instructions and washing in cold water).As others have mentioned, they hold water and take quite awhile to dry, even in our desert air.They do not hold their shape very well, with the taped edges shrinking and causing wrinkles. Even the trick of tugging on the corners to stretch the taped edges before the towel is completely dry doesn't work well, they still end up looking like thin and cheap towels.The worst problem though is that these snag and run very easily. There were two or three snags in the towels when they first arrived, these have pulled out further with each use. Cutting them works for awhile, but then the run continues, leaving a small bald patch on the towel where there should be loops. It's like these are knitted instead of woven, very strange.I've uploaded some pictures showing the towels after 2 washings and also pointing out the snags.For me, the towels soft and silky feel doesn't make up for their shortcomings.
Quick summary: While this vac has some very nice touches and works well for low-pile/hard floor cleaning, the belt system is not well designed and causes problems. Better choices are out there at this price point.Full review: I have a Hoover carpet steam cleaner and their SpinScrub hard floor cleaner, and have been very pleased with both of them. So, I was expecting to like this vac just as much. Sorry to say that didn't come to pass.I've been using a Bissell Healthy Home (both the original model which, alas, they no longer make, and the updated version) for a few years with excellent results, and thought it would be helpful to compare the original Bissell Healthy Home with the Hoover.At first glance there's a lot to like -- the Hoover stands up well to the Bissell on features. Both are bagless (a big plus with me since I just hate to spend money on bags), have the usual assortment of tools including a powered carpet/upholstery tool (a must have with pets), an easily extendable hose, washable pre-filters, and HEPA exhaust filters (with the latter non-washable on both). Both have manual height settings (which I find better than auto-adjusting systems) and you can turn off the roller bar. Both are simple to use/empty.Both also appear to be reasonably sturdy. They fall short in comparison to something such as a Dyson, but then again, you're not paying Dyson prices. Both are also a snap to put together - basically just attach the handle and you're good to go. Getting it out of the box will take more time than putting it together.The Hoover pulls ahead by adding an auto retracting cord system that work very well, is a bit lighter in weight, and has a more flexible hose.Both worked equally well on very low pile carpet and hard floors. I don't have instrumentation that will measure suction force, so this is a subjective opinion, but I couldn't tell any difference between the two when it came to suction.What I could tell a difference with, and the main reason for the low rating, is the belt system on the Hoover. It is not well made - slips easily under even modest stress (e.g., a medium pile carpet) and totally goes to pieces on deep pile carpet. In fact, the Hoover manual recommends turning OFF the brush roller with carpet pile of 1 inch or more. Seems to me that you would need to use the brush roller the most for deep pile to get out the deep dirt. Very surprising that Hoover recommends turning it off when the going gets tough!I have a couple of deep pile area rugs that don't cause any problem with the Bissell at even a notch below the highest height setting. More importantly, if the roller gets into a bind when I overshoot the rug edge and get it tangled in the fringe, the roller bar automatically shuts off. No damage to the vac, rug or fringe.The Hoover didn't deal well with deep pile - the belt started slipping and I could smell the belt rubber burning even at the highest height setting. I gave it the `get tangled in the rug edge fringe' test, and it was not good at all - strong burning smell, and it ripped out a couple of the fringes that I had to cut off the roller bar.I see this as a serious downside for anyone with carpets with any appreciable pile. Plus, even if you only have low pile carpet, I don't have any confidence that the belt will last long. It seems that Hoover is aware of this issue, since "burning smell" is listed in their troubleshooting section of the manual, along with a recommendation to check/replace the belt. Granted, the belt is easy to get to (clear instructions in the manual) but I don't want to have to deal with the cost and trouble of belt replacements. At the rate that the belt was burning/slipping, I have a feeling that it will need to be replaced often.If you have only low pile or hard floors this might be an OK choice if you can get a deal on it. However, at the regular price point this sells at, there are better choices out there. A shame, since there's so much potential in the overall design, but the belt issue is a big downside.
I've had a Hoover Wind Tunnel for a while now, and I've been mostly pleased with it, so I was happy to get a chance to try another model, as well as having a backup if the other decided to go belly up. There are similar features between the two models (the bagless canister and rinseable filter), but the difference pretty much ends there - this one feels much more like a toy than the real deal. It is very easy to put together (just snap the handle onto the unit), plug the cord in and you're ready to go. I do like the power on switch at foot level, but it took me a few minutes to figure out how to release it from the standing position (you have to press your foot on the vacuum itself, there is no *button* per se). It moves about easily enough and is relatively quiet, but the Wind Tunnel is much lighter to push and much quieter to boot. The canister is easy to get off and empty, but still smaller and not as easy to pop open as the other model. The cord is extremely short, and I'm not fond of where you have to roll it up for storage - at the back it interferes a bit with the attachment tools. As for the attachment tools, you have to use the handle as part of your extension wand, and you don't get much else besides one small cleaning tool.And how does it vacuum? Actually, just OK. Although I did find some kitty hair in the canister, I didn't find near as much stuff as I've been getting from vacuuming with the Wind Tunnel and there definitely was some stuff left behind by kitty's bowl where she leaves a crumb or two from the dry food, and my bare feet are telling me it didn't get up all the litter by kitty's box. I'd recommend this for a small office/mobile home/trailer with an industrial style lower carpet that doesn't get much pet action, but not for one serious about getting a clean carpet. Spent a bit more, it's worth it.One final point, but I believe the roller keeps on a-rollin' even when in the upright position (it sure sounds like it does). Keep an eye on it when using those attachment tools...ETA: I have gone over the same carpet areas with the Wind Tunnel about 1/2 day after trying out this model. I found a considerable amount of dust and pet hair in the canister. A lot. Yes kitty sheds (although she's a short hair), and yes dust happens, but not that much in twelve hours. Spend a few more dollars and get a better quality vacuum.Update 9/27. I brought this vacuum into the office to give it a try on some different surfaces. It did OK with the mess of paper spilled from the shredder, but it didn't pick them all up at once - some got pushed around a bit and I had to vacuum longer to get it all cleaned up. The warehouseman tried it on one of the floor mats and he was rather underwhelmed - none of the sandy debris came up for him at all.
My first impression of this vacuum was that it was a four-star product.  However after a full evaluation, in my opinion this is a three-star vacuum for non-pet owners and those without allergies. Although this Bissell has a lot of PROS, it is a two-star vacuum for my purposes because I have pets and allergies to dust.PROS:- Easy and intuitive assembly without reading manual (requires long Phillips screwdriver to tighten screw in handle which is a little awkward to tighten in the long hole)- Incredible suction- All tools fit snugly into their holders on the vacuum- The Model 58F8-3 comes with a combination dusting brush/upholstery tool, a crevice tool, extension wand, and TurboBrush- Retractable cord- No need to purchase bags- Has a bright headlight- The internal filter is washable; all except for the HEPA Media Filter which has to be replaced- Vacuum components are easy to disassemble without tools except for the headlight and drive belt replacement- 25-ft power cord (according to the product description online; but this is not mentioned in the manual)- Height adjustment knobs and other controls such as on/off switch and handle release pedal as easy to operate and locate- Easy to empty dirt container and remove filter cup- Has clean filter indicator and clean carpet sensor- Vacuum has a three-year limited warrantyCONS:- Vacuum was difficult to maneuver due to incredible suction- Vacuum is very loud- If the hose falls out of the hose wand base during vacuuming, a lot of dust escapes through the hole filing the house in a cloud- Hair from pets clogged the filter cup even before the filter cup was full rendering the turbo brush in operable until everything was cleaned out- Filter indicator light didn't change to red even though I had to clean out the filter cup- The clean carpet sensors did not appear reliable to me.  Many times it would show a steady green to indicate the carpet was clean, then it would turn to red when I went over the same carpet again and again; yet the carpet was clean.- Emptying the filter cup and cleaning the filter was VERY MESSY- Instructions don't give any recommendationos on when you should wash or replace filters- I don't understand the meaning of a HEPA filter when so much dust escapes the vacuum if the hose falls out of the wand base or when emptying the filter cup- The floor brush continues to rotate when you use the vacuum attachments which could wear out your carpet or mark up your floor while you are using the tools with the hose.- I would have liked a cord that was about 2-3 feet longerMy arm hurt after using this vacuum because no matter how I changed the height adjustment knob, the Bissell required a lot force to push around. I was actually sweating after I vacuumed my rug. Also, the pet hair I picked up got caught in the upper filter area requiring a cup cleaning and filter shaking before the filter cup was full. In addition, the filter emptying process (although very, very easy) was incredibly messy. By the time I was done, I had to re-vacuum the area where I emptied the filter cup. In addition, there was a cloud of dust around my house similar to the type of dust kicked up by a Shop Vac. Of course, I used a carpet powder on my rug which only exacerbated the problem. I also didn't like how the floor brush on the upright continues to rotate while I was using the wand tools. To me this was unnessary and could result in excess wear on my carpet or scratch my floors.In summary, this vacuum does pick up a lot of dirt and is easily assembled, which is excellent.  Its interesting features are average.  However, I can't recommend this vacuum for someone who has pets or has allergies to dust for the above reasons.  Instead, I recommend buying a vacuum with a bag that isn't so loud or so messy to clean.
EDIT SUNDAY 6/23/13:After using this for the last couple of months, I can equivocally say I was not wrong about this being a subpar product.  Get a real electric food processor, this will not puree like it says, it only chops, it can't even mince.  Ignore the revies that say otherwise.  It is the design that keeps it from doing more than it does.  If you are looking for something to chop with great, it works wonders for small batches, but it will never replace an electric food processor.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  This was a product I was extremely excited to used, I didn't previously have any sort of food processor, oh I have used them, I just didn't own one.  I love the fact that this one is hand powered. I have used hand powered ones before, but not ones that used a string and pully system.  So I liked that that this one would give me a little bit of an arm workout.I also loved the fact that the blades or insanely sharp.  Seriously.  I barely touched one, didn't press on it or run across it, just barely touched it with my finger and it sliced it open..  That was prior to using it, and because of that, even though I was doubtful because their are only two tiny blades, I was hopeful because of their sharpness.Sadly however, it did not live up to its promise.  It chops great, to a point, it even sliced lemon grass, but it does not puree or make soups as it promises, not even close.  It's just not going to happen because all of the solid stuff cakes up on the bottom once it gets diced up small, even with liquid in it.  It's just not going to puree, I tried it with various kinds of vegetable, and all it did was make them in to a minx, not a puree.Because it makes those claims, I cannot give it a high rating, it just doesn't live up to its own standards, and was a big disappointment, but it will serve well to chop up onions and tomatoes (Ie salsa), just don't expect things to be evenly chopped, they wont be, and it took far more then six full pulls to chop things, it took somewhere in the area of 12 for me.God Bless ~Amy
Compared to bagged vacuum cleaners, this definitely delivers on the promise of simplicity in emptying contents and retention of suction.  I've owned a Dyson before, however, and so my bar for measuring overall customer experience with this vacuum is related to that experience.  With this Hoover, there were just too many things that fell short to leave me feeling positive about the product:1)Cord is short.  I use this to clear a 1 bedroom apartment.  I have to unplug and repluyg the vacuum at least 4 times to clear the whole thing, as the cord is only about 15 feet long.2)Suction hose gets kinked.  This is really poor.  Just one twist in the hose (which is really easy since the unit it two pieces between the canister and the wand), and the hose gets fully kinked (like a garden hose), and suction goes to zero.3) Doesn't store well.  This takes up a lot of space to store in a closet, as the canister does not sit well on its back wheels, nor does the want/attachment store well in a contained space.  Also, the inlet for the hose into the canister is very long (hard plastic), so this takes up a lot of space too.4) Does not perform well on hard floors.  Carpet seems to work pretty well, but on the hard surfaces of my apartment (e.g. bathroom tile, entrance tile, and kitchen tile), it did not pick up a large percentage of debris.
A good set of glass containers will last much, much longer than plastic tupperware. If you also worry about chemical leaching from plastic containers (which can be especially bad if you reheat food in them), all the more reason to switch to glass. Sure, it's heavier, but peace of mind isn't free.These containers, alas, are some of the worst glass food storage containers i've used. The lids are fancy, which in this case means hard to use and harder to clean. I don't have the same trouble other users do with the seals slipping, but getting the lid clean is a long and frustrating process. Even after you pry out the inner seal, getting crud out of the crevasses is nigh impossible.And even for glass, they're really heavy. My pyrex bowls are about half the weight, which means i worry a lot less about dropping them.The lids click together in a neat stack, but it's a really, really tall stack for anyone used to basically any other food container lids. Getting them to actually click onto the containers can be a challenge too, nothing like the 'one finger' method shown on the box.In all, i don't think these are worth the money, given how difficult they are to use and clean.
The distinguishing feature of this unit, the Bodum Bistro 11133 electric table grill, is that the big plate that heats up is smooth on one side and "ribbed" on the other.  The smooth, or griddle, side is for items such as eggs and pancakes and hash browns, whereas the the ribbed, or grill, side is for, say, burgers or steaks or chops, where you want to sear in those pretty and ever-flavorful grill marks that result from the ever-wonderful Maillard Reaction.  You choose which side to use by simply flipping the plate over.  It's designed so you can't flip it without unplugging the controller.  Also, there's a simple mechanical device that prevents you from using the device unless the drip tray is installed.Both sides of the plate are covered in a non-stick coating, and both sides measure 14-5/8 inches by 9-1/8 inches, or 133.45 square inches, which is on the small side if you're cooking for six.  A similar product I own, made by Presto, measures 14-1/4 by 18-3/4, or 267.19 square inches, or, as near as matters, 100% bigger.The outside dimensions of the Bodum 11133 are 20 inches by 12-5/16 by 3-1/8.  The housing sports four rubber feet that have a gratifyingly high coefficient of friction relative to Formica.  The grill plate is substantial, weighing in at 5 pounds 11 ounces when you add in the weight of the handles and their hardware.  Those handles do a fine job; even when the plate is at its highest heat the handles are room-temp to the touch.The two-sided grill plate itself is dishwasher safe, but the drip tray, which of course got gunky after I fried bacon and skinned the grill, according to the instructions "must be washed by hand."  It's a stamped sheet of what I'm guessing is aluminum, and I can't quite figure out what would happen if you put it in the dishwasher anyway.The package comes with a scraper which you use to scrape detritus to the far left side (there's noplace else to scrape to) and into 14 drain holes that drop grease and crud onto the drip tray.  Those 14 drain holes are quite small, approximately 1/8 inch by 1/4 inch, and they can clog up easily, which I think is a design defect.  The scraper can be used to poke ino the drain holes to unclog them, but it's tedious.That nylon, non-heat-proof scraper is also designed in such a way that it is impossible, when you're using the grill side of the plate, to scrape up against the near and far edges, which are the two long ones.  You can see what I mean by finding the photograph I added to this product's description on Amazon that shows the scraper in position as far left as it will go.  Again, I think this is a design defect.  On the griddle side of the plate the other side of the scraper, which is straight, does get right up against the edges.The instruction manual is light on details, such as almost all of the ones I provided above.  Except for knowing you can put the plate in the dishwasher and that you can't put the drip tray therein (which seems backwards to me), the manual contains no information you need.Oddly, nowhere does it say not to use metal tools on the two non-stick surfaces.  I don't know about you, but I'm not about to start skinning a non-stick grill with a sharp steel scraper even if the manual doesn't warn me not to.  If the coating really is designed to be impervious to the sort of scraping a cast-iron griddle can tolerate for decades then I'm surprised the manufacturer doesn't brag on that remarkable fact.  If it is not designed to abide such rough treatment I'm surprised the manual doesn't admit it and warn against it.And it's not like the manual fails to warn against the obvious.  For instance, it does warn against using the grill to light charcoal, and elsewhere it does say, "You will achieve the best results if you use meat of . . . good quality."  That's like saying, "You will enjoy your three-week cruise more if you choose a luxury ocean liner and not a rowboat" or "You will achieve the best results if you choose a surgeon for your appendectomy and not a seamstress."Here's the most disappointing feature of this particular example of an electric griddle.  At one point the manual says, "Set the desired temperature."  That's all it says.  You might think it would say, "Set the temperature to 375 for pancakes" or "Set the temperature to medium for scrambled eggs" or "Set the temperature to 9 for searing a Kobe steak."  But there's a reason the manual does not get that specific about temperatures.  The reason is that that dial you turn to set the temperature has no useful marks on it.  There is only a semi-circular swoosh like the Nike swoosh that tapers from skinny near where it says "OFF" to wide for the highest setting.I don't understand this design decision.The Presto griddle I mentioned shows actual numerical temperatures in degrees on the dial, from Warm and then 200 through 400 in 50-degree increments, including the ever-popular 350.  A similar type of product I own, a GE electric skillet (higher sides, no drainage, and a lid), shows on its dial Warm, Simmer and then 300 through 450 degrees, also in 50-degree increments.And even if those two products' temperature numbers are inaccurate, at least they can be used as a substitute for the numbers 1 through 9 that we're used to on stoves.  But a swoosh is almost completely useless, especially when there are no obvious noon or three-o'clock or six-o'clock or 9-o'clock positions.  If you have learned through experimentation (you do experiment when you're cooking, don't you?) that slider-sized hamburgers should be cooked at 400, or even if all you know is that they should be cooked at number 7, you can use that information to dial in that temperature every time.  But with a swoosh you have to guess every time.  Take a look at the photograph I took, on the Amazon page desribing the product, to see what I mean.As a service to anyone who buys this product, as well as a service to me henceforth, I conducted some tests at two temperature settings, the minimum and the maximum.  For the minimum I set the dial to the skinniest end of the swoosh, as shown in that photo.  For the maximum obviously I cranked it all the way up.  In both cases the room temperature was around 71 degrees Fahrenheit.  All I did was record the temperature of the surface of the griddle at one-minute intervals, using an infrared thermometer.  I also recorded when the indicator light turned off (meaning the thermostat thought it had risen above the right temperature) and back on (meaning the thermostat thought it had dropped below the right temperature).Set at the minimum, the recorded temperature rose from room temp of 72.1 degrees to 170 degrees in one minute.  The light went off 30 seconds later, at a temperature of 175.  The griddle's plate's temp rose to 190 at 2:00 and peaked at 203 at 3:00.  Thereafter it dropped at a slightly falling rate of 92 degrees in 21 minutes, or approximately 4.38 degrees per minute, till it dropped to 109 at the 24th minute.  At 24:30 the thermostat finally turned back on, and the temp had risen to 130 by 25:00.  This is a temperature range from 203 to 109, or 94 degrees, before the thermostat kicks back on again.Set to the maximum, the recorded temperatures rose from 70 to 96 in 30 seconds, reached a maximum of 515 by 7:00, and ended up at 379 degrees at 31:00.  Here is a table showing certain temperatures over that period of 31 minutes:MIN:SEC --- TEMP00:00 ------- 7000:30 ------- 9601:00 ------ 14001:30 ------ 18102:00 ------ 23803:00 ------ 29504:00 ------ 36605:00 ------ 41106:00 ------ 46607:00 ------ 51507:45 ------ 515 thermostat OFF08:00 ------ 51509:00 ------ 47010:00 ------ 43310:20 ------ 425 thermostat ON11:00 ------ 44011:30 ------ 436 OFF12:00 ------ 44013:00 ------ 41513:15 ------ 415 ON14:00 ------ 42614:30 ------ 430 OFF15:00 ------ 41916:00 ------ 397 ON17:00 ------ 430 OFF18:00 ------ 40819:00 ------ 380 ON19:50 ------ 420 OFF20:00 ------ 42521:00 ------ 40021:42 ------ 375 ON22:00 ------ 38322:41 ------ 416 OFF23:00 ------ 42124:00 ------ 39724:38 ------ 375 ON25:00 ------ 38225:35 ------ 420 OFF26:00 ------ 39327:00 ------ 39227:31 ------ 376 ON28:35 ------ 418 OFF29:00 ------ 42030:00 ------ 39530:40 ------ 370 ON31:00 ------ 379MIN:SEC --- TEMPI don't expect you to analyze all these data, so let me do it for you.Set at its maximum heat, the griddle rises from room temp to 515 degrees Fahrenheit within 8 minutes but never gets anywhere close after that initial peak.  The maximum temp it reaches thereafter is 440 degrees at around 11:30, and thereafter it bounces from a one-time high of 430 degrees down to a low of 375.  The average temp at this maximum setting hovers roughly at 400 degrees.And remember that all these temp data were measured with no food on the grill.  Obviously if you slap a slab of 50-degree or even 70-degree hash browns on that grill, the temp is going to decrease considerably.  When you drop a couple of room-temp T-bones on it, as I did tonight, I can tell you that the temp drops too much; the sizzle that indicates searing went away too soon, and it was worse when I did the first flip.  Next time I'll preheat for 8 minutes (the manual says 4 to 6) before dropping the meat, because that appears to be when it's the hottest it will ever be.This Bodum Bistro 11133 electric grill is sturdily built, and it does offer both griddle and grill.  But it falls down in most areas compared to my Presto.If you have twice as much acreage you can cook more food, obviously, but you can also more easily flip your burgers or your wursts or your emu breasts onto a fresh sector of the grill, which will be hotter.  The Presto and similar products let you skin the grill by simply sweeping the cruddy grease towards you and into a moat below the near edge; the Bodum forces you to sweep crud into little, hard-to-clean holes.  The Presto, and pretty much every other such product, I'd guess, have numbers on the dial instead of a featureless swoosh; one option if you buy this product is to go ahead and make four or five marks on the Bodum's dial yourself, maybe with a china marker or a silver Sharpie or a carefully wielded bayonet.The Presto, which I got a couple years back, cost about $30.  The only significant advantage the Bodum 11133 offers is the grill on the other side of the griddle, and even then you can't have both at the same time, which you can if you substitute for the grill side a product such as a grill pan that you simply heat up on the stove, and which you can also put in the oven.  (I've found the Calphalon 12-inch grill panCalphalon Professional Nonstick 12-Inch Round Grill Pansatisfactory.)And you can buy several Prestos for the price of one of these Bodums.
I love, love, love theCBTL LM-145P Milk Frother, Black. It is absolutely fantastic. It does a fantastic job of creating steamed or frothed milk at the perfect temperature. It's easy to use, doesn't take up much counter space, and quickly gets the job done. I use it for hot chocolate, chai lattes, and cappuccinos. It's also fantastic for a warm cup of milk before bedtime.The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it has started making a high pitched whining noise while frothing the milk. I've had it for a month and it just recently started making this noise. It is still working normally though.This really is the best frother I've ever used. I even took it to my parent's house in another state to show it off to them.:-)UPDATE: After a few months this beauty stopped working. I never submerged the lid and I was very careful when I cleaned it. I was so sad when it stopped working. It will heat milk, but will no longer froth. It was great when it worked . . . now not so much. It seems lots of people have had this same issue. So, buyer beware.
I can't tell you how ecstatic I was to get this CBTL Brewer. I am a tea fanatic and have enjoyed myKeurig Brewing Systemfor many years. While the Keurig is great for coffee, teas and hot chocolates, it does not have the best results for espressos, cappuccinos and lattes. So when I set up this system, I figured for certain it would outperform my old Keurig.My 1-5 star rating system, 1 being bad 5 being great:Noise, 2 stars:For such a slim and sleek machine, it makes a lot of noise when brewing. It's loud enough to be heard from one side of a house to the other. You're not going to be quietly making a cup of anything.Brew time 3 stars:From the time you select your drink to the time it's brewed is quite a bit longer than other single cup brewers. It takes at least a minute or so before the water has heated up to begin making your selected drink.Machine ease of use, 3 stars:The little drink cups/pods are quite small and the machine has an ingenious way of disposing of them. After a drink has been brewed, it drops down into a hidden compartment for disposal at a later time. The selection of drink options right now is quite limited though. The arm on the machine itself that you use to open and close the unit is far too hard to pull. You have to actually put a bit of muscle into it just to get it opened and closed to make yourself a drink.Espresso, 5 stars:This is by far the best thing this machine has going for it. You can make a single or double shot of espresso with any of the espresso cups. It produces that little tiny bit of frothy stuff on the top of espresso shots just like the ones at coffee shops. The blends are good and it creates just the right amount of drink for an espresso cup.Lattes and Cappuccinos, 1 star:The CBTL Kaldi S04 machine I received came with a broken frother/milk warmer. It's a separate unit all on it's own and hasn't worked since day one. After numerous calls to CBTL and many discussion with their warranty department, I was never able to receive any help or replacement. I was at one time told I would be sent a mailing address to ship my item to them and then they would send me another, but months later and they have still never given me an address. Each time I contact their customer service, I am given a run around as to why they can't help me or they say they will, then never do go through with it. I was so disheartened since the frother/milk warmer is a critical piece of equipment needed to make the cappuccinos and lattes. In doing some online reading, I found other people had the same experiences with the frothers. Very disappointing that CBTL is shipping so many non-working units with their brewers.Tea, 2 stars:I love tea, and drink a lot of it. Besides having a limited selection to chose from, this brewer leaves tea power/leaves in the drink after brewing. I prefer my tea not have leaves floating throughout it.Coffee, 2 stars:As of right now, the coffees biggest issue if their limited selection. With Keurgis and Tassimos out there having so many to chose from, coffee is just a perk of this machine, not really it's main function. So unless you really like the CBTL blends, your not going to be using this machine to make yourself a lot of cups.Customer Service and Warranty Department, 1 star:They are friendly to work with, but when you need help they can't do anything for you. My machine was sent with a non-working milk frother/warmer. I contacted them 48 hours after getting the machine and they said there was nothing they could do for me. After persistence, they agreed to send me an address to mail (at my expense) my machine to and then they would mail out a replacement. After the address was never sent to me, I contacted them again and they gave me a different answer, that again my warranty service request was denied. One year warranty service that I was unable to use after owning the unit 48 hours.Conclusion:I really thought this machine was going to be a home run hit. It could do everything my Keurig does and more, or so I thought. Instead I ended up with non-working components, tea with leaves in it and coffee that no ones very interested in. Basically it's just used as an espresso maker in our home now. So our old Keurig (who I have had stellar customer service results with) still reigns supreme in our kitchen once again.
Perhaps because I had quite high hopes for the Kaldi machine my expectations were a bit unrealistic, but I wasn't too impressed with the coffee maker. I drink a fair amount of coffee each day and quickly discovered that I'd much rather just get a pot of coffee brewing instead of brewing my coffee one cup at a time. A coffee maker like this one probably wouldn't be a bad choice for people who just need one cup a day or are espresso drinkers, but I don't think I'd recommend it if you're going to drink a decent amount.I was surprised at how noisy the machine is as well. The machine really vibrates and is loud when working - wasn't crazy about that. Additionally, I had to spend some time searching the cabinets just for a mug that would fit under the spout. This machine is built for espresso cups and small mugs - anything other than that won't work.I will say that in a pinch and short on time, this machine is nice to have. Piping hot coffee is ready fast, the convenience is really nice and the coffee does taste much better than anything instant. However, I'm not sure the convenience is worth it for the reasons listed above.
Cool, I thought, when I saw this set of Wusthof knives coupled with kitchen shears in what looked to be an attractive  storage block.Wusthof makes knives perfect for those of us that consider ourselves to be a little more talented in the kitchen than your average housewife. Their knives are not super high end, but they are certainly a major notch above many other brands at traditionally reasonable prices.The cost of this set is about equal to that of what you would pay individually for the 6" Cook's Knife and the two different sized paring knives. Buying the set is like getting a bonus gift of shears plus a block into which all four utensils fit. Or so I thought..My older Wusthof's Cook's Knife is a few years old. Compared to the one in this set, it is heavier and longer by an inch. No big deal there, I'm just contrasting the difference before stating I found the new knife to be of equal quality to my old. My issues are with the paring knives and the wood block.The block that holds the set is pitted and looks unfinished on the left side. It is as if an entire step in the sanding process was missed. If that was all, I could just turn the set to face that one side to the wall. However, the face of the block is split along the grain with an especially big gap running from the top to the area between the Cook's Knife and the first paring knife.What looked to be an attractive holder on-line is ugly and cheap looking in person. Even if it had been finished correctly and did not have the split in front, it would still not look worthy of the Wusthof label for no other reason than the mismatched knife holes. They are just big slots that are not specific to knife size leaving the paring knives plenty of room to slide around and lose what edge they have. Very disappointing.Still, even though the block holder looks junky, the price is a good deal, right? Wrong. The shears are nothing special. If I was buying only shears I could get an equal quality pair for about $10.Neither of the paring knives that came with the block (3" or the 4.5") match the quality my 3-5 year old Wusthof paring knife. Side by side, the handle of the 3" knife that came with the block looks a little smaller than mine and definitely weighs less.Instead of this questionable set, I would recommend buying a Wusthof 7" Cook's knife and their 3" Paring Knife that they sell separately. Get a no-name set of shears only if you need really them. The need for shears is minimal; I cannot remember using mine at all in the last year.What looked at first to be a good deal for a great set of knives in an attractive block turned out to be, in my opinion, a marketing tool to move inexpensive paring knives and shears.
I have a love-hate relationship with this coffee maker.  On one hand, it makes absolutely superb coffee.  On the other, the designers put way too much emphasis on appearance, at the sacrifice of durability and functionality.  Some examples:- The top plate of the unit was made of a plastic that warped slightly when heated by the hot water...The front corner by the water container now sits a couple of millimeters up in the air.- The hot water is well distributed over the grounds, but hits with such force that some of the grounds bounce and stick to the top above the filter.  When I lifted off the top plate, coffee grounds had managed to work their way around the spray arm and were stuck to the top plate.  It's simple to clean, but a gasket or o-ring would have prevented it in the first place.- There are impossible to clean cracks and seams which get splashed or dripped on.  It wouldn't be as visible with a black unit, but it's very noticeable in my bright red one.  I uploaded a picture showing the base underneath the pot...the circular seam collects coffee drips, which promptly leak down into the base.  Not good.I really don't understand how an established manufacturer could have designed this..not only does Bodum have enormous expertise in coffee makers, the flaws would have shown up with only a minor amount of testing.  If it didn't make such good coffee, I would have already deep sixed it.  As it is, though, I'm keeping it on the counter.  I'll keep you posted.
The microwave works fine, although the dimensions are smaller than what I expected. However, the pizza oven is a total failure. I followed the directions carefully for a frozen pizza, and there's specific instructions (hit the Auto Pizza button twice if your pizza is frozen and regular crust). The pizza was still frozen in the middle at the end of the 15 minute cooking cycle, and worse, the crust was extremely soggy, although the crust had browned to an appropriate color. I ended up putting the pizza in the regular oven to finish cooking.Another failure - it's a good thing I read the other reviews carefully even before my LG arrived, because I was alerted to the need to remove what is a practically invisible protective film from around the entire microwave before I used it. This was a time-consuming pain to remove, and needs to be made both easier and the plastic wrap should be a non-clear color so that it is obvious.Definitely a disappointment. We're going back to using our old microwave because of the larger dimensions.
Summary: This is a nice-looking vac that attempts to capture the design cues of a Dyson cannister. It is a bit quieter than a regular vac, but offers only so-so power and performance. Some nice features, but these are offset by significant limitations (including a hose design that is very prone to kinking). The bottom line is that this not a  compelling choice if you're looking for a canister vac.Full review: Hoover used to be known for their product durability. They still make a pretty good line of carpet shampooers and wet floor cleaners. Alas, their dry vac models have suffered over the past few years. The Zen is a prime example.It is very cool looking - it's clear Hoover wanted to capture the look of the Dyson cannister and they get close to that mark. But once you start using it, you find that the cool visual design does not translate into effective performance or user-friendly attributes.Case in point is emptying the dirt bucket. It's hard to do without spilling something, even after gaining experience doing it a few times. Getting at filters is also more cumbersome than in other vacs. While you can turn the power head on and off at the handle, the main on/off switch is on the back of the unit, and requires you to use your foot to turn in on/off.I tested the pickup performance with my usual tests of kitty litter and cat fur (both of which are in ample supply in my house). Pickup performance on hard surfaces is decent. Performance falls a bit, but is still acceptable on short-pile carpet. Pickup on medium to deep pile carpet is poor. This is mainly due to the fact that the power head lacks an adjustment for carpet height. One size does not fit all when it comes to different pile heights. Plus, the light weight of the power head makes it very hard to push over deeper pile carpets.The build quality is so-so. I like that the extension wands are mainly metal since those take a beating. Everything else, however, is plastic. The hose is rather thin, and it seems that it's destined to have the same problem I had with a previous Hoover bagless cannister - hose splits at the stress points after a few months of service. And you'll get a lot of stress points since the hose kinks VERY easily. It does not have a rotating-style hose connection, so hose twists commonly occur. That is not acceptable at this price point.The power head also has its problems. I recently tested an upright Hoover and found that the beater bar bearings were plastic and not up to the stress of normal use (e.g., having some hairs and fibers become wound around the bar). This seems to have the same problem. If you get this, be sure to be willing to clean the beater bar every time you use it or you'll burn out the bearings. On the plus side, Hoover makes it easy to clean - just unclip two clips and the top pops off for cleaning.It's quiet compared to what a "regular" vac sounds like, but certainly not what I would call a whisper. They show a sleeping baby on the box to suggest that it is so quiet it won't wake a sleeping baby. Well, that baby better be a pretty deep sleeper, especially when you turn on the power head. But, I have to give them credit for lowering the volume even if it is just a token amount.I really like the swivel joint on the extension wand that makes it very easy to maneuver the power head or floor head around corners. It turns on a dime! The non-powered floor head is also very nicely made, with good bristles and a sawtooth pattern in the front to help suck up larger pieces instead of pushing them.But overall, this is not a great choice given the price point. If you can live with using a bag, I'd suggest the Panasonic line, such as this one:Panasonic "OptiFlow" Canister Vacuum Cleaner, Twight Green, MC-CG917Yes, you have to buy bags, but the build quality is MUCH better, the power head is easily adjustable, and the suction power is outstanding. On the other hand, if you have a limited budget and/or only need to clean hard surfaces, the Bissell Zing line is worth exploring (here's the bagless one:BISSELL Zing Canister Bagless Vacuum, 10M2) It is not a heavy-duty machine, but it offers more suction power than the Hoover at a quarter of the cost.Bottom line: It looks cool, but they would have to drop the price by at least half to make this a good value given all of its limitations.
UPDATED 11/10/2012 - After using this vacuum for a while, I cannot recommend it any longer.  I am amending the four star review to a two star and that is being generous.  After months of use, the suction on the vacuum is virtually non-existent.  The small cleaning head makes it take twice as long to finish a sweeping task.  The canister fills quickly and must be emptied frequently.  The canister is also clunky.  I'm disappointed in this Hoover product.I own aHoover Platinum Lightweight Upright Vacuum with Canister, Bagged, UH30010COM.  The Hoover Platinum vacuum was and continues to be awesome so when provided with the opportunity to try the Hoover Zen, I knew that it would have to be spectacular to beat the Hoover Platinum.  That being said, after using the Hoover Zen for some time, I think the Hoover Zen is a good vacuum but doesn't beat my upright.Cons:1) It is clunky:  This device is best suited for a very open floor plan.  I think a one or two bedroom apartment would be an appropriate.  When I hauled this unit around my house, it was constantly getting stuck on chairs and corners and other obstructions because it is so long.  Additionally, the unit is somewhat heavy.2)Plastic body:  It is pretty much all plastic.  Many types of plastic are brittle and subject to breakage.  Nearly everything on the Zen is plastic.  I prefer metal and sturdy cloth.3) Bagless vacs are not always clean:  While the Zen picks up dirt and dust and deposits said unwanted items in the dirt cup, the dirt cup does not open easily.  The bottom of my vacuum's dirt cup never opened when I pressed the button.  I always had to shake and press the release button.  Shaking sometimes lead to flying particulate matter -- all over my trash can and floor.4) Two levels of power - one for hard floors and one for carpets:  The cleaning function for hard floors is not that powerful and I always had to employ the carpet function when cleaning non-carpeted areas.  To employ carpet cleaning, two buttons must be pressed - the on/off button on the canister's body and then a button on the hose handle.  These buttons are not near each other and it seems that just having the user press a single button once for low power (hard floors), twice for full power, and then a third time for "off" would be more effective.Pros:1) No bags:  Vacuums without bags are all the rage and the Hoover Zen integrates the bagless feature into its design. The fear of being without a bag when you most need it never has to be realized with the Hoover Zen.2) Breeze to put together:  Yes, the Hoover Zen requires some assembly but not a lot.  There is no need to refer to a manual.  Everything is fairly intuitive.3) Retractable cord!!!:  Retractable cords, unlike bagless features, are not being integrated enough into modern vacuums.  Place you foot or finger on a visibly marked button on the back of the canister and the cord retracts with ease.4) The cord is long:  At 21 feet, you can maneuver the Zen through a room or two without needing to unplug.  The length would seem very appropriate for a one or two bedroom apartment.5) Sound:  As far as vacuums go, this one is not too loud.  Is it a whisper? No. Can you talk to someone with good hearing over the noise? Yes.6) It picks up the dust and hair:  One thing that Hoover excels at is designing vacuums that do what they are supposed to do - pick up hair and dust and dirt.  After owning a Dyson that failed on this count, I am always amazed at the air quality that I experience after using the Hoover and horrified when I think back on the half-clean rooms I moved about in when I had the Dyson.  Because the dirt cup is clear, the user gets to see all the disgusting elements that grace the top of a carpet and are not readily visible to the naked eye.  If you get a thrill and immediate happiness from cleaning, the clear dirt cup should make you very happy.  UPDATE 11/10/2012 - This impression is no longer accurate.  Even after washing the filters of the machine, it has horrible suction and doesn't pick up what it should in one or two passes.7) It is easy to access parts:  I like simplicity.  If a part gets clogged, it is easy to disassemble the vacuum's components to remove the obstruction.  It is obvious where things go - you don't need to pull the manual out if you take the unit a part for cleaning.8) The head swivels and is small enough to be inserted under taller couches or tables:  This is an area where the Hoover Zen beats out an upright.  The compact head and flexible cleaning hose make it possible to get into areas that would require the movement of large pieces of furniture with an upright.  UPDATE 11/10/2012 - This feature is actually very annoying.  The head may be able to swivel around chairs but the bulk of a person's house is usually more open and it takes many passes to clean a floor because the head is so small and because the power of the machine is drastically reduced after several months of use.9) Great for stairs:  The long cleaning wand allows the canister to be positioned at the bottom of stairs.  This is a nice feature if you have experienced an upright that is too heavy to haul up stairs and/or has too wide a cleaning head to clean the steps in an efficient manner.My advice:  If you are not opposed to upright vacuums, consider the Hoover Platinum.  I like the Zen for cleaning steps but its performance went down hill sharply after several months of use. Additionally features, like the small cleaning head, ended up being detriments.The Hoover Zen is made in China.
Wow I can't believe the reviews of this one.  I received this item from Amazon to give you my honest opinion and that is what  you are going to get.I opened the package and admired this lovely item until I tried to open it.  It is nearly impossible to open.  I had to pry it off with the back of my knife to get the top off.  Screw it off? no way, I have large hands for a woman and I could not take the lid off, I used two towels and still had trouble.  I was afraid I would miss lunch.Now don't get me wrong this is a nice item as long as you use it at home.I want a bowl that I can take my food in, I do not want to have to put my food in a bag then take it to work and empty the bag in the bowl.  The reason you have to do this is that you have to put the little stand in the bottom before you put your food in then you can put the vegetables in on top. Then nuke it. What a pain.Ok now you are at work and want to eat, and  have done all that preparations and you had some guy in your office open it for you since it is very hard, unless you are a guy, you now can put it in the microwave.Add some water and put the cover back on but do not screw the top on because you will not be able to get it off again.  Open the vent and turn the machine on.Now be careful when you try to take it out, I nuked it for the recommended 3 minutes and almost burnt my hand taking it out.  I had to wait for it to cool down first, something I do not want to do, I like my food nice and hot. You now have to dig out the little piece of plastic that held up the food and get rid of it someplace while you eat.I really wanted to love this thing, Aladdin is a great company I still have many of their thermoses that my children used for school, but this is not the best product, sorry Aladdin, you need to go back to the drawing board if you want us ladies to use this thing.  I need something like this when I go out, I do not work so the timing is not a problem.  The problem is it does not open, the item gets too hot and I cannot bring the vegetables in the unit, I must bring them in a bag then transfer them.  It will be a lot easier if I just take a small bowl with a lid from home with my veggies in it and nuke it when I get there. I liked the collapsible feature but it does not go that low either, for all the trouble this is I will pass on it.
OK, maybe I'm just a dipstick, but it took me forever to figure out the green thing pops off the underside of the lid, and is a "steamer tray." All that trouble to put numbered instructions on stickers, and don't even mention that?Basically, this isn't worth all the trouble. As others have mentioned, the lid takes a lot of maneuvering to open and close, and fresh out of the microwave, it's literally too hot to handle. The steamer tray needs to be raised a little higher off the bottom of the bowl, and the bowl is hard to collapse/uncollapse (I know that's not a word). It seemed like a great idea, but in practice, it doesn't really work that well. Generally, leave yourself a lot of extra time to close the thing, and be prepared for the attempt to be entirely unsuccessful.
I got this because I have a larger microwave steamer, which is fabulous, and I thought a smaller one would be really handy to have for smaller amounts of food. Now, I doubt I will use it much, if at all.So what's right with it? I gave it two stars because:It collapses nicely.It steams the food properly.It's a bright happy color.The steaming tray stays clicked into the lid until you need it, so you don't lose essential parts.What's wrong with it?1. It gets very, very hot while it steams the food---so hot that you cannot remove it from the microwave without gloves.2. There are no handles on the sides to carry it with, so more pain there.3. Then you have to open it. The little bit that sticks out the side of the lid is not enough to grasp strongly to turn. It's a screw-in lid, so you can't just pop the thing off. I had to hold it steady with one gloved hand, hold the steamer against me, and try and push the wedge sideways.All in all, IF this steamer had two little handles that didn't heat up to the same degree the rest of it does, AND a button on the lid you could twist to open it when it's hot, it would be a 5-star product.
This steamer is a good idea in concept, but failed in the execution. If you screw down the lid as instructed before heating, you're going to have a hard time unscrewing it. There's just no way to get a good grip on the bowl or the lid, and on top of that, it gets very hot. You could easily burn yourself from the steam as it escapes or slosh hot food or water on you as you try to open it. Even waiting a few minutes did not help. Also, I found it took a bit of oomph to collapse and uncollapse the bowl.I won't be using this as a steamer, but just as a glorified piece of plastic storage ware.
This kettle under-performs in every area. First, it is lighter with an almost flimsy feel. The design is nothing special, it is a quite ordinary looking unit. All of that can be forgiven, but factor in a less than precise temp, and this kettle gets just two stars. Yes, it comes to a boil, but after checking the various temps, it is between 3 to 4 degrees under what the readout indicates. If all you need is a kettle for instant coffee or soups, this is fine. If each degree is important to a fine coffee or tea you are brewing, give this unit a pass.
Already having a large collection of Pyrex dishes and storage containers in my kitchen cupboards, I was happy to test out a brand new to me.Here is what you receive with this set:*Two 1.8 cup size*One 3.1 cup size*One 5.4 cup size*Four Lock & Lock LidsThe sizes provided are perfect for several uses; leftovers, lunches, dips, small casseroles, etc. The locking lids are a definite plus and they do seem to be airtight. I actually shook and tipped them over with liquids inside and none leaked. The versatility of being able to put them in oven, microwave, refrigerator and dishwasher is nice, but not unlike my Pyrex and that is where I lose my excitement over this set. For the current price of about $30, I would expect and want to have at least 10 pieces for that amount. Reason being is that I have purchased both thePyrex Storage 10-Piece SetandPyrex Storage 14-Piece Round Setsfor less and besides the locking lids that these provide, there isn't a big difference in quality. Now if locking lids on glass containers are a must for you, then by all means this is probably the best set out there and you will find the value in it that I didn't.Update 3/5/12 - Well after only 3 weeks use, the 3.1 cup bowl has ended up in the trash. At some point the lip/edge on top chipped and it is no longer safe for use. I am not sure when it happened, but I noticed it when it came out of the dishwasher. I didn't mention my concern regarding the lip/edge in my original review posting, because I really didn't think it would cause a problem and I felt like I was just nit-picking. Unfortunately what I was worried about is exactly what happened. When comparing to my Pyrex sets, this has never been an issue because there are no lips/edges, just a smooth top.*I added a picture of the chipped dish to the customer images.
I didn't realize that this had a felt like material on the outside of the bowl.  I find it very hard to clean especially since we do not have a dishwasher.  I don't think it is worth the price and I do not find it convenient to use and will only use it when I absolutely have to.  No one else in my family likes to use it either.
The KAHLA Touch Five Senses porcelain bowl looks fantastic.  In real life, it looks different, yet has a nice clean, modern aesthetic.I think I was expecting the &#34;sleeve&#34; to be silicone (as seems to be the trend with everything these days) with a flocked texture, but it feels like velveteen, kind of like those flocked, fuzzy stickers we had growing up in the 80's.  It's an odd sensation, picking up this rather robust bowl and feeling the cool, smooth porcelain and then the fuzziness feels out of place and to me it feels unpleasant.  Your mileage, of course, may vary.The porcelain bowl is a perfect shape for cereal and soups and snacks.  The size holds multiple portions of cereal, so this might not be a great cereal bowl for someone watching their weight.  I like it for more airy snacks and chopped veggies.The bowl feels rather robust but unfortunately, ours developed a crack the second week it was in our home (and the crack stained to a brownish yellow, wrecking the clean, modern aesthetic I liked so much).  I don't know that it was a quality issue or being stacked in the sink, while awaiting a vacant spot in the dishwasher, was too much pressure for it and it just cracked.I was hoping to report back with an update, eventually, about how the flocked felt stood up after much use, but the crack makes it unstable, so I'm just going to use it to hold dry stuff on my work table.
I used this last night in the microwave and the fuzzy grip on the outside keeps your fingers from burning when taking the bowl out.  HOWEVER - the bowl didn't come with a disclaimer about putting it in the dishwasher, so I put it in the top rack and washed it.  When I took it out, the fuzzy stuff had worn off where the bowl was touching the dishwasher rack.  That was after 1 use and 1 wash.I gave it 2 stars for how it worked in the microwave.  I would have given it another star, but I'm annoyed that there were no washing instructions included with the item.  Also, if I am going to pay $20.00 for a cereal bowl I should be able to put it in the dishwasher...in fact for $20.00 it should wash itself!
This review is from: KAHLA Touch Five Senses Small Bowl 5-1/2 Inches, Turkis Sleeve Color, 1 Piece (Kitchen)This is a &#34;snack&#34; sized bowl for me, a 65 year old man who enjoys eating and it NOT morbidly obese (that is an attempt to clarify it's portion potential). I would expect to pay maybe $5.00-$8.00 in a department store of $1.00-$5.00 at a discount store. If you pay $20.00 plus for this you need either electric shock therapy or a lobotomy.....or possibly already had both?Bowl works just like all my 99 cent bowls, NO difference other than the fuzzy &#34;grip strip&#34; around it's border. I only hand wash items so no idea how automatic dishwashers effect it as some have described? It does seem to SOMEWHAT mute the heat when I use it for oatmeal but to be honest, I never burned my fingers with oatmeal with my 99 cent old bowls either. Maybe my time in the USMC made me a tough old fart:-) On the other hand, maybe it it just more or less a gimmick? WHATEVER the point, this bowl is nothing special that warrants it's list price. Honestly, I bitch about EVERYTHING (just ask my wife...). But I lived perfectly fine with my dime store old bowls for 65 years without a single catastrophe or any complaints!It is your money. Spend it as you see fit:-) This is a perfectly fine bowl. Just like my many one dollar bowls my cats drink out of after I finish my cereal and they finish my leftovers.....YOUR choice.
UPDATE: Sep. 29, 2013After 21 months of use, most steak knives blades are in the process of separating themselves from their handles. The others, less used, are still holding together but may begin to fall apart soon. There is some kind of a plastic 'cork' and the handle end that falls off, then the handle can no longer hold the blade in place and the entire assembly falls apart.Get these if you don't expect to use them for more than a year. Otherwise, look elsewhere because 'quality' or 'durability' are what you give up in exchange for a low price.__________________________________________________________This is my first Ginsu set and I am pleasantly surprised for it not being as cheap as the price may suggest. While by no means 'professional quality' knives, the 12 knives plus shears make up for a decent, quite usable set that doesn't make a significant dent into your bank account upon acquisition.CONTENTS- 4.5" Steak knives (six)- 3.5" Paring knife- 4.5" Utility knife- 5.0" Boning knife- 8.0" Slicer- 8.0" Chef's knife- 7.0" Santoku knife- Kitchen shears- Knife blockThe Ginsu corporation promises to replace any defective knives for as long as you send $3.00 per knife to cover the postage.THE GINSU EXPERIENCEThese may not be top of the line cutlery and are a little on the light (as in not too heavy) side but they feel okay to use. It's Chinese surgical steel and Ginsu claims that their double-serrated blades will stay sharp forever. That remains to be seen but they cut pretty well so far.The wood block is sufficiently heavy to support the set on any countertop and, if yours is black, they set looks pretty good sitting on it. The black paint besides being a style statement is pretty good at hiding the wood block's imperfections. Hopefully it won't chip away soon.To summarize my experience, the set is well worth the expense and I expect it to last for at least 2-3 years.MY RATINGGood price, reasonable quality, nearly all 'essential' knives included call for a 4-star or "I like it" rating. In other words, knowing what I know now, I would be buying this set if I needed some good quality knives and I was on a budget.
... and my knife skills aren't going to impress anyone on "Top Chef," but I just was not happy with this knife set. The steak knives and the kitchen shears work just fine, but the other knives are all terribly awkward to use, in my opinion.I found the "Always Sharp blade with symmetric edge technology" was consideribly less impressive than it sounds. The paring knife was almost impossible for me to use, and I think I tried every knife in this set trying to find one that would cut through a large sweet potato with ease. (I ended up getting one of my old Henckels -- the cheap ones -- out, which did the job with no problem at all.)I did find the knives satisfactory for cutting through meat, but I really wouldn't recommend them when so many of these knives are so difficult to use. I'm giving them to charity and hanging on to my Henckels.
Leifheit made a good effort to a solid Salad Spinner, but ultimately failed to hit the mark that OXO has.  Having owned anOXO Good Grips  Salad Spinnerfor a while now, I may be a little biased, but after using the Leifheit for a couple of uses now, I still find that the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner is better.  I'll be comparing the two in detail below.1.  Size and DesignThe size of both the Leifheit and the OXO are about the same.  The Leifheit is a little narrower at the base in comparison to the OXO. Whether you like a more angular or rounded bowl shape is up to you - I personally like a more rounded shape.  On the Leifheit, there is also a thin rubber ring on the bottom of the salad bowl to help keep the salad spinner from moving around the table.  When I first received my spinner, it was already coming off.  If I happened to wash this unit, whether it be in a dishwasher or by hand, this will come off and most likely be lost.  You can always glue the ring on the bottom of the unit, but that defeats the purpose of buying a new product if you're going to have to fix it once you receive it.WINNER:  TIE2.  Assembly and StorageWith the OXO, storing the spinning mechanism is as simple as pushing down on the plunger then pushing a small switch in.  To release the plunger, you slide the switch out.  For the Leifheit, there is a huge plunger you have to put into the spinning mechanism to the main bowl, then unlock.  To store, you have to remove the plunger and you can stow it in the basket.  I don't really care for this design.  If you happen to misplace that plunger for any reason, it's game over - you won't be able to use the salad spinner.  There is a lock to keep the plunger down, but I don't see the point of having this as the plunger unit fits completely extended in the spinner.  This seems like Leifheit added this feature on for kicks.  The plunger on the Leifheit is also a little more flimsy, almost as if it will fall out if you drop it or give it too hard for a shake.WINNER:  OXO3.  Ease of UseBoth salad spinners will end up having the same result - you will have dry salad leaves, pasta, etc.  Both spin equally fast, depending on how fast you depress the plunger.  Stopping the spinner basket is another story.  There are NO brakes on the Leifheit.  I checked the instructions (none of which are in English on the back of the box), I checked the entire unit, I played around with the plunger and plunger lock...there are either no brakes on this thing, or I am just not figuring this thing out.  On the OXO, there is a little rubber button you push to slow down/stop the spinning action.  Again, this isn't a huge issue, but it does matter when you're trying to plow through a lot of salad for a party - I simply don't have the time to wait for each batch to slow down.WINNER:  OXO4.  CleaningWhen it comes to cleaning, the Leifheit has the OXO beat, but only by a little.  Because all the parts are separate, it's much easier to wash the lid, spinner basket, and salad bowl.  The OXO has the spinner basket and the bowl to wash, but because the spinning mechanism is housed all in the lid (it's a lid within a lid - this is to allow for the braking mechanism), the top can be a little troublesome to clean.  I sometimes have a little difficulty removing the inner lid, but since I'm spinning greens in water only, it's not a huge issue for me.  If you're spinning anything with sauce or dressing, it will be a little more difficult.WINNER:  LeifheitThat said, the pros for the OXO really outweigh the Leifheit's.  While it does serve it's purpose, there are better operating (and looking) salad spinning units out there.
I have to believe I must be doing something wrong, otherwise, this product is completely useless. I thought I was getting a product to make ice cream bars, but following the instructions, it is impossible. Either the instructions are completely lacking or the design is a complete fail. I followed the instructions for the first recipe, Vanilla (which doesn't include vanilla flavoring in the ingredients list, so I don't know why it is called vanilla). Now, the instructions threw me off and maybe I still got it wrong. Being in metric is not a problem, but the instructions are all in weights. Everything is in grams. So milk and cream amounts have to be weighed, which I can do, but why not give them in liquid measurements, it would be a lot easier? I may also be wrong about what to use. The instructions simply say "milk" and "cream." I used heavy whipping cream. Maybe they meant something else? Doesn't give enough detail. So, I followed the cooking instructions and the end result, which appeared to be much less than needed to fill the 4 molds, was still in a liquid state. So, when I filled the molds, all the liquid spilled out when it got half way up, where the sticks are inserted, leaving the sticks laying on top of the liquid. If the openings for the sticks were tighter, making a seal, or the sticks were bigger, making a seal, it would work and make sense, but they weren't. I did freeze what I could and it tasted fine. I am sure this can't be how it is supposed to work, but that's what my experience was.
I've been making pops for years, because I noticed a long time ago that juice or yogurt pops satisfy cravings for something sweet (or cold) without too many calories or unhealthy ingredients.  I've wanted to retire my old plastic molds, and I've been looking for something that would make a larger bar than my old molds.This seemed to fit the bill.  I find silicone easy to work with for many kitchen tasks, and the larger bar shape was exactly what I wanted.  But using these molds has been a disappointment.After pouring in the liquid, I inserted the first stick.  Liquid started leaking out where I inserted the stick.  It didn't leak enough to ruin the pop, but it did drip sugary liquid all over my counter, floor, and freezer.  The molds went into the freezer without sticks in the rest of the pops.After a couple of hours I pulled one mold out and inserted another stick.  The pop hadn't frozen enough yet, and I anointed my counter, floor, and freezer again.After another hour I pulled the other mold out of the freezer to insert the sticks.  The pops were now frozen nearly solid.  They went back into the freezer without sticks.I had one pop today and found that they're messy to eat, too.  The leaking fluid froze on the stick, and the thin frozen layer melted quickly, all over my hands.  While removing the pop from the mold was easy, the only way I could do it was to push on the stick and lift the pop, and that means you have to grab the pop itself to pull it out of the mold.I haven't figured out how to eat the pops with no sticks.  We'll probably have to turn them into bowls, let them melt a bit, and eat them with spoons.I really like the idea, and the silicone is easy to work with.  But the mess is just too much to bother with.  I'm going back to my old plastic molds.
This vacuum is fair in my opinion.  My biggest problem with it is that the attachments do not stay on the "on-board storage" as they point out.  I found it to be frustrating to try and keep them on.  I also found the rotating brushes to work poorly and were not very adequate for big jobs or messes.  This vacuum is light which is ideal if you want to do stairs or carry it from one room to the next, however it feels cheap and not very durable. Perhaps the best is the long reach it gives me to clean high blinds or ceiling corners. Some people prefer the canister for ease of mobility but I just found it to be too many pieces to keep track of and not enough performance to entice me again.
The vacuum itself is good. Light, easy to use, has good suction, and uses an actual bag (so way healthier to use in the house). The cord system is really really bad. The cord on my unit went out once and never went back in. Only after reading the manual did they say not to extend the cord past some small piece of red tape on the cord.What??Forget it, at this point. Who among us has never grabbed the vacuum trying to get one more inch or two out of the cord distance before going all the way back to unplug and re-plug in ?? This will of course result in the cord being stretched past "the point of no return" or the "little piece of red tape on the black cord".This is absolutely stunning inept design. Especially in a vacuum.If you want a model that has a retractable cord - then stay away here. If you don't care, then the vacuum is a fine choice. Just don't expect the cord to actually retract. OR - if you ever want an extra inch - you risk losing your retractable cord.
My main complaints on the Dirt Devil are weak suction and a faulty retractable cord. I'd really advise you to steer clear of this one. The problems:Poor SuctionThe suction is actually weaker than myDirt Devil Scorpion Hand Vac! In addition, the bag is small and fills up fast. Once it's near full capacity, the suction is drastically reduced.Air-Powered Beater BrushesThe beater brushes are not motorized, but air-powered. The air power does not provide enough torque to drive the brushes even on low-pile carpets. On carpets, the beater brushes do absolutely nothing to help dislodge any deeply embedded dirt or pet hair.Faulty Retractable CordThe cord on my Dirt Devil would not retract after I pulled it out for the first time. This problem is definitely a big strike against this unit, since I now have to contend with having to coil the cord by hand before stowing it away after every use!---I cannot recommend this Dirt Devil due to its weak suction. If you're willing to spend a little more, I would recommend thePanasonic OptiFlow Canister Vacuum Cleanerinstead. For a comparably priced unit, consider theDirt Devil FeatherLite Cyclonic Canister Vacuum, which has very favorable reviews.
Weeeeeeeeeeeellllllll  a vacuum is suppose to have good suction otherwise  you just can just use  a manual carpet sweeper............. Well for my  low pile carpets it didn't' even work as well as my cheap sharp  sweeper...  I am not sure what the issue is but it seems a re-assessment is needed .. Everything I tried to pick up took 3-4 swipes to get it picked up..  Even just  a simple  sm piece of lint...  I thought well perhaps this will work better in my tiled areas... As it  indicates it is good for multiple types of floor.. ..Well it performed better as long as I didn't try to go over my throw rugs.. Then we were right back where we started with lack of suction and not picking up crumbs etc from the low pile throws. ... The sound is LOUD.. very loud.. It comes with 3 nice filters.The power cord is average compared to my current Eureka,but I do like the skateboard roller wheels.. Makes lugging this around the house so much easier.. Having the  tools store on the unit is also a plus It comes with crevice device, dusting clean and Turbo Tool with regard to above floor cleaning. but the tool carrier is in a strange spot on the handleComes with a 2 yr warranty which is better than most inexpensive vacuums.But I can't  get over the biggest hurdle, the lack of suction for carpeted areas..  For me  there are way too many negatives to get this a good rating of any kind.. So Unless you are going to use this on wood or ceramic floors  You may need a different version of Dirt Devil carpet cleaner.I do agree with another poster.. This might be ok for uncarpeted areas or for short cleanup of the car but for general House cleaning.. I can't recommend it.
Right out of the box this vacuum looks cheap.  And, it is.  I'm rating it on five categories, each worth 1 Star:  Durability; Convenience; Maneuverability; Design; and, Suction.Durability = Zero Stars:  The very first thing that doesn't work is the automatic cord rewind.  The first time I used it I pulled a short length of cord out, but it wouldn't rewind.  Well, thinking about how those automatic measuring tapes work - you pull a bit out and when it doesn't wind up, you pull a little bit more out and it goes back in a flash, I pulled out more of the cord.  Then, a bit more. Then, more.  So, now I have the entire length of electrical cord pulled out of the vacuum with absolutely no way to wind it back up.  Yep, that's right folks, there is no manual wind up.  In fact, they have designed the container so that you can't open the top and see what the hold-up is and wind it yourself, if need be.  So, now, I just trip all over the cord when vacuuming.  Plus, there's no place to put the blasted cord when storing the vacuum.In addition, the material the hose is made of appears cheap and will probably not hold up for long.Convenience =  Star:  There are two parts to the convenience category - one is the convenience of using a canister vs. an upright; and, the other is the convenience of using this particular canister.Right out of the gate, this scores a half-point for being able to get into corners that an upright can't.  Even if you have an extension hose on your upright, you can't get it into the spaces where the upright can't fit.  With this, I was able to vacuum into corners without moving furniture.  If you have stairs, the light weight and handle will make vacuuming them easy.It loses a half point because the cord won't wind up and there's no place to wrap it around on the canister.  There is no convenience to having a long cord to trip over while vacuuming.  In fact, it's down right dangerous.  And, it lacks all convenience when it comes to storing.  If the vacuum had been designed so the cord could be manually wrapped, this wouldn't be a concern.There's also the fact that the bags are very small.  So, don't expect to do your main household vacuuming with this little machine.  If you do, you'll be changing bags every other week.Maneuverability =  stars:  The canister is very light weight and has a handle on top.  You can stand it on its end, or lay it down on all four wheels.  It glides across the floor when it's on all four wheels, but if you need to go back or spin around, the canister doesn't do an about face.  If the wheels on the end were the type that spin completely around, the vacuum would go where you go when using it in the upright position.  Because you need to either reach down and grab the handle or use the hose to pull it into position, it loses a half star.Design = Zero Stars:  The attachments hook onto the hose, but they don't stay there.  In the process of vacuuming, they fall off.  When it's put away, they fall off.  They're in the way when they're on the handle, don't hook on easily and don't come off easily, unless of course, they are falling off on their own.  The top of the canister has a faux attachment.  It is so realistic looking, that I attempted to pry it off so I could use it.  If they had designed a space on top of the canister for the real attachments, with a cover that looked like a faux attachment, it would have made far more sense.The poorly designed attachment holder, the automatic cord rewind that doesn't work, and the wheels that do not rotate 180 degrees all equal up to one poor design.  About the only thing it has going for it is the fact that it's light weight and has a handle at the top.  But, since I can't give it  star, it gets a big fat zilch.Suction = 1 Star:  This is where this vacuum really shines.  It goes from low suction for hard floors, to high suction for carpets.  The first time I vacuumed, I set it mid way and didn't see a difference between this vacuum and my regular upright.  The next time, I set it all the way up and boy, did it make a difference.  It pretty much sucked up the dust from the bottom of the carpet that one wouldn't even know was there until it's gone.  The carpet looked like it had just been cleaned.The only grip I have about the suction is the canister itself doesn't make a lot of noise, but the carpet attachment is very loud.  There's no good reason for the noise coming out of the attachment, except that the designers thought it would be a cool sound.  It sounds like a whirlwind of suction.  Maybe they thought the user would believe it worked better because it was noisy.  But, really, it's just loud for no good reason.  All you male engineers out there who believe women won't know their vacuum is working unless it's loud, are well, just fools.  We like quiet household appliances.  That's why we buy silent dishwashers and washer/dryers.  Loud noises are for race cars, not vacuums. It would have lost a  star for this if I could rate by the  star.All-in-all, this rates 2 stars out of 5.
Summary:  A good entry level cannister vacuum, for people with smaller homes, but not without quirks and complaints.We have a couple of uprights and have recently swapped our older Hoover WindTunnel for a Miele cannister.  This is a comparable size and has several similar features (Variable power, retracting cord) and surprisingly has a similar amount of suction.  That's where the similarity ends.The Miele is whisper quiet.  The Dirt Devil is REALLY LOUD. Plus, the beater bar on the Dirt Devil uses a turbine - converting some of that suction into the power for the beater bar and also adding another loud sound to the mix.  The hose and the accessories feel rather lightweight and don't stow all that conveniently.As far as quality, the carry hook (the black "L" on the metal wand) was mislocated (in my opinion) on the wand and there was also no way to know what it was for due to the very poor manual.Since the Miele has a similar hook (It allows you to attach the wand to the canister when you carry it) I figured it out right away.  Other people may not.The retractable cord died on the second use which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 3.  I'm going to see how their warranty is and will report back.The bag is cramped into a very small compartment - even smaller than on our Miele.  That said, most people with apartments or smaller homes should have no problem since the bags are quite inexpensive.  This is where the Dirt Devil has a clear advantage - operating cost.
I had high hopes for this set, because the Rachael Ray brand, while wildly inconsistent, sometimes delivers quality.Not here: these are thin aluminium pans of indifferent quality, all carefully plastered with non-stick to try to hide that fact. The non-stick looks to be of very good quality, which won't help its longevity at all given the thinness of what it's sprayed on. If you try to apply high heat, hot spots will instantly develop, burning the food and destroying the coating.The lids and the handles are surprisingly good and solid, but that doesn't make up for the foundation here, which is flimsy. In the same price range you can find (for example)this Cuisinart set, or if you really need non-stick in the essential pans, thisFarberware Classic Stainless Steel 17-Piece Cookware Set.A final thought: The choice of colour scheme: orange-fading-to-red ... didn't that already get done to death in the 1970s? This set is only missing the optional cartoon fruit 'n veg around the bottom and the option of also having it in Avocado, to match your 1970's refrigerator...
UPDATED: See new note at end of the original review.ORIGINAL REVIEW: This is my first experience with Rachael Ray cookware.  When I removed the cookware from the set, I first noticed how light weight it was.  I then noticed the attractive orange handles and the beautiful clear lids.  It's not high end cookware, but it would be welcome in many or most homes.I used the skillet to saute tofu and it browned nicely even at a medium heat level.  I didn't use any oil in the pan and just let the tofu do its thing.  I have also sauteed vegetables using just a touch of water without added oil and it also worked out beautifully.I heated some almond milk for chai and forgot about it.  That could have resulted in quite a mess with some other types of cookware, but it cleaned up quickly and still looked brand new.What I liked:* The design is very modern and attractive.* The glass lids have a sturdy rim that is designed so food will not be easily trapped* The orange handles are non-slip and easy to grip, and they keep very cool while cooking* The small size pots are very handy, and the 6 quart stock pot is a nice small-size stockpot that I'm finding a much better size for my use.* Cleanup was super easyWhat I didn't like:* The pots seem to be about half the thickness of most of my other pots and pans.  While I don't think they would dent easily if dropped, they don't have a sturdy, well made feel to them.* When compared to my Calphalon, they also do not have the same quality hard anodized finish on the outside.* The nonstick coating doesn't feel as high quality as other brands. So far, so good though!* The pans do not have a thick bottom, and seem to heat unevenly.  My food scorched quickly, so cooking time and technique will vary from my other cookware.I think this would make a great starter set for someone just starting out on their own.  Despite the few flaws (IMO) that I noted above, I am enjoying using this cookware and cooking just became a little more fun!EDITED TO ADD: I've had this cookware for about a year and a half and am throwing it away. When I started using the skillets more frequently, I noticed that I felt weird. We know that nonstick cookware should not be used on high heat, but I barely used the skillets over medium heat and they emitted chemicals into the air. I've used T-Fal skillets on much higher heat without any ill effects. Every time I used the Rachael Ray skillets, I felt light headed and just weird. I tossed the skillets a long time ago. Now I'm discarding the other pieces. The saucepans and stock pot just haven't held up well. The handles are loose and feel unsafe now. I also got tired of the uneven heating, which I mentioned in my original review. The exterior finish also scratches easily. They feel dinky. To me, the tradeoff of low price vs quality was just not worth it.
My "work space" is small, three feet wide by two feet deep. I am currently usingProgressive Chopping Matswith pieces of that rolled grippy stuff to keep them in place on the counter. But is the Liefheit Vario Board worth four times the cost of a set of Progressive mats?These sounded like a good idea. A cutting board with:- A groove for collecting juices.- Exchangeable cutting mats, color coded for my convenience.- Nubs on the corners of the board with matching holes on the mats to keep the mats in place.- Non-skid feet on the bottom of the board to keep it in place.Even the "legs" on the board, raising it up a bit with room to put a plate under it sounded good. It is also about the same size as the cutting mats I now use.Then I tried to use it.The Good: The non-skid feet keep the base in place and the notches hold the mats in place (mostly...see below). Everything can go into the dishwasher.The Bad: The extra height is actually a disadvantage. It's not high enough to put a bowl under the edge, and it's too small for most plates, especially on the narrow side. The extra height is also awkward for chopping or cutting. I will keep this for carving a roast or something like that, but otherwise it is of no use to me.I put a hot chicken breast on the board with a mat in place. The mat curled enough to raise the mat off the nubs and the mat slid all over the place as I tried to slice the breast.O.K. What about the mats by themselves? Sure they're slippery, but I'm used to that and grippy stuff under the mats keeps them in place. In daily use they are o.k., but nothing to email home about. They show knife marks immediately, so longevity is questionable. While the curling from hot foods is still annoying but not as bad as when using the mats with the base. I will continue to use these until they wear out.The bottom line is this: To answer my question at the top of this review, no they are not worth the extra cost. If I had paid forty bucks for these I would have returned them for a refund.
Positives:* The split design.* The space in the backs of both heaters to tuck away excess cord.* Powerful.* Heats large area.* Relatively quiet.* Tilt option for one half when both halves are attached.* The sides unplug from each other for easier storage.Negatives:* DOESN'T turn off automatically when knocked over; No safety tip-over switch.* The controls are only on one unit of this two-unit heater.* Requires relatively large floor space because of the stand and horizontal design.* Front gets very hot.* The automatic temperature control switches heat on or off only, no gradual decrease high med low - slightly annoying to hear it turn on and off and can mislead you to think that it is entirely off.I was a little overwhelmed at the amount of floor space needed to use this heater. For a small, crowded room, or place with narrow halls or doors, I wouldn't recommend this version. The front get very hot, so you need at least 1 feet, minimum, clearance.SAFETY ISSUE: This heater has NO AUTO OFF (safety tip-over switch) for when it gets knocked over. Granted, the wide base makes this a little less likely to happen, but when separated the other side isn't as stable and becomes a serious fire hazard. The front of the heater gets hot enough to melt plastic, burn your fingers if in contact for a half a second, and possibly burn papers and things.  You never would want it to tip over when hot.  The Consumer Product Safety Commission warns: "Use a heater with thermostat control and an automatic device that turns the heater off if it tips over."You have 4 choices on the top dial: Off, left half only on, right half only on, or both sides on.  This is convenient, if you remember to keep the half  with the controls in the room you'll be using the most.This heater cranks up really quickly, and isn't too loud when running.  The lower dial controls what level of warmth to maintain.  When the room reaches the warmth level you've designated, both sides will shut off.  Read - there is no high/medium/low where they are louder & blowing more heat vs quiet and blowing softly. Your options are on or off.  This could be okay for many people, but  I'm a light sleeper, and find the frequent on-off-on-off annoying.Another reason the complete ON vs OFF is a downside:  It can mislead you to believe the heaters are off entirely.  I know it's good safety practice to unplug heaters and such when not in use, but sometimes you forget.  Once I was running out the door, passed the silent, cool heater, and, just as I was leaving, heard it switch on.  You should never leave space heaters running while unattended; it's a serious fire hazard.This should be a good floor heater for people with average sized rooms, who aren't annoyed by noises, and who are very, very careful and not forgetful.
Most portable heaters get rather hot and tend to trip your circuit breaker when other appliances are used. I found that the case with this heater. Because it draws a lot of electricity, I plugged it into a power strip first and then turned on both sides of the heater. Not too long after, it cut off, and I thought that was just the thermostat doing its thing. Turns out, the power strip cut off because of the overload. In fact, the power strip was a little on the warm side as well. I'm a little leery about using both sides of this heater at the same time now. I do recommend that you first plug it into a power strip of some sort to ensure that your circuit breakers don't get tripped.A couple of other things I didn't like about this heater. First, it was quite noisy. But I guess that's to be expected; most of these types of heaters run a little on the loud side. The other thing is that it had that nasty burning plastic odor. I thought this would subside after I broke it in, but the smell lingered for some time throughout the room. Hopefully over time it will completely dissipate.Others have brought out some of the safety factors, or lack thereof. I would definitely heed those warnings, especially if you have children or pets around.
I so wanted to like this vacuum. I'm very tough on the vacuums I purchase and the ability to pick up dog hair (two shelties)is a primary concern of mine. If I HAD actually purchased this vacuum, it would have gone back. The holes, or rather small tunnels, in which the dirt and dust must travel in order to make their way into the canister kept getting clogged with hair. I cleaned the filters according to the manufacturer's instructions, and unfortunately, this did not help. Also, the canister can be difficult to get back into place.I also don't like how "loose" this vacuum feels. It's suppose to be maneuverable like a Dyson, but, for me, it feels like some screws need to be tightened. The retractable cord is shorter than what I am used to and it takes several "pulls" to get it to fully retract. There is also no light when you have to vacuum in dark areas like under the bed or in corners of a closet.I recommend you pass on this product.
This vacuum was quite a disappointment!On the plus side, it was very easy to assemble.  Pop in the handle and screw it in, attach the hose, and you're done.Now onto the negatives.  There is a foot pedal to release the vacuum from its upright position.  Cool, but it barely works.  I had to try over and over before it would disengage.  The vacuum itself swivels over the base and this was very hard to get used to--I actually thought it was broken at first.The suction was just "ok."  It seemed to glide over the top of my carpet and only clean the surface.  When I was finished, the carpet didn't have that newly vacuumed look.  And there was an awful burning smell, even though the beaters seemed to be functioning normally.The dustbin removes easily and opens from the bottom so that you can empty the contents into the trash.  Only some of the dog hair in the canister would release.  I had to stick my hand in to get the rest of it out.  Then I had dust and dog hair on my hand.The cord is retractable, which I like, but it is far shorter than any other vacuum I've ever owned.  Instead of being able to plug the machine into a central location and vacuum several rooms, I had to keep moving it from room to room.For cleaning stairs and other places, you can use the hose.  It's hard to expand it, and it only reaches a couple of feet.  For example, with the vacuum on the floor, I could only reach up 3 steps.  This is pretty useless.  Most vacuums come with wands you attach to the hose for getting ceiling dust bunnies, or blinds, etc.Basically, this is NOT a vacuum for doing major carpet cleaning.  It's more like a "stick vac"--you know, such as when you spill some cornflakes on the kitchen floor and need to get them up quickly.Instead of this appliance, I highly recommendEureka Boss Smart-Vac Upright HEPA Vacuum Cleaner, 4870MZ.  The price is comparable, and The Boss is far superior in many ways.  You'll thank me.Edit:  I used this two more times, on carpet that has a lower pile.  I think it did better at picking up the dirt, but on the second use it began to smoke, and BROKE.  The beater no longer turns.  Great.
This Panasonic vacuum was easy to put together. Just take it out, put the handle on, and screw one screw. I then mount the hose and put the pet hair attachment on the handle. That's it.The power rate is 12 amp, which is pretty common for home use vaccum. However, it seems to pick up more dirt than my old vacuum. It has a dust cup that you can easily empty (no more bags).I aguess that's all I can say about the "good" parts of this vacuum. Now, let me talk about the "bad" issues of this vacuum.Panasoinc tries to market the pivoting canister as a feature. In reality, it's a pain to maneuver the vacuum machine. It's clunky to push around and doesn't steer exactly where I want it to go. A lot of times, I end up raising it to move it. Also, due to the "swivel steering" feature, the vacuum will not stand upright, it will tilt to side a little....and tend to fall over easily. Saddly to say, it's a total failure about this "pivoting, swival streering" stuff.The retractable cord is a good idea. But the design has flaws. Just a simple pull to the cord will trigger the retracking mechanism. I can not tell you how many times I accidentlly step on the cord during vacuuming, and cause it to retract at the worst time. But then, when I am really done with vacuuming, it will take serveral "pulls" to the cord to get it to fully retract.And, the cord is not long enough.The hose is barely long enough to reach the top of a sofa much less the top of curtains. And there is no extension tube to facilitate other cleaning issues. For some reason, the blade attachment is vented on the sides, greatly reducing its suction.Its wheels will not glide on the floors with ease. Larger and wider rear wheels might make the moving easier.Just for your information, the Jet Turn has essentially 3 filters. One is a HEPA exhaust filter that looks like a standard paper filter with a cardboard box-based shell. This filter is not washable. So, be expecting some replacement cost. The 2 other filters are located in the topmost part of the canister. One is a washable foam filter, but the other is a fiber based filter that can only be replaced.In summary, they try to add some new features to this vacuum machine, but most of the new features have some design flaws. However, the Panasonic "Jet Force Bagless" Upright Vacuum Cleaner MC-UL425 fix all the problems. So, I would recommend the MC-UL425 vacuum machine, not this one.
I'm on my second Dyson, and I really love it, and was looking forward to testing this against it when I picked it as one of my Vine selections.Assembly is easy, just one screw to attach the handle.  Other than that it's just the hose to put in place, and the pet attachment to snap onto the top of the handle.My first problem - the release for the handle.  It's a foot lever you depress obviously with your foot.  You press it and the top part unlocks from the base and can lower.  Hit it a second time when you get down far enough to get it in the horizontal position.  Problem is that it's inconsistent.  I've *NEVER* gotten the thing to release from full upright without pressing on the base as well, since even with the lever fully depressed, it won't come down without being popped out of place.Second problem - the cord and the retraction unit.  I've never been much of a fan of the cord reels in things, since they tend to make the power cord like a telephone cord - all twisted around.  And this one was no different.  So I spent the first bit after I pulled it all out trying to straighten and untwist it.  The good news is there's a LOT of cord here - it SEEMED longer than the one on my Dyson ball although when I checked specs, both claimed 24 feet.  The other bad news is that it does NOT go in again very well.  You don't want to just let it fly in since then it either wraps up so loose that it all won't get in there due to the diameter (or it pops off altogether, who hasn't had THAT happen with a canister at some point, needing it to come apart to get it back in the proper position).  So you want to go slower so it maintains some pressure, keeping it wound tight against the spool.  But even trying to let it go in faster than I'd normally do in order to maintain that pressure, it kept locking again.  And I'd have to pull it out a bit to start the reel, let it go, and it'd lock again.  Every time, I have to pull and restart the reel anywhere from 6 to 8 times to get the cord finally in there.So I have the cord out and plugged in, finally get it unlocked so it can be used, and I hit the foot switch (they're all foot switches on this) to turn it on.  Motor goes, but the bar doesn't, and I smell burning rubber from where the band is clearly sliding and the brush isn't moving.  Now, I'm on carpet, but it's in no way some plush carpet with long fibers.  They're hugely short - like a buzz cut carpet.  I turn it off, tilt it, turn it back on again, brush still isn't moving so it's not the carpet.  Turn it off again, start forcing the brush to turn with my hand, then turn it back on again and it spins.  Lower it, and start vacuuming, and it spins, but sporadically.  Like even this tiny bit of carpet was catching it too much.  Brush looked good though, nice firm bristles (as I found out when I was done, more on that in a moment), but it just doesn't work very well.Third problem - the handle can tilt left to right, and you can kind of twist the handle to help turn and guide the vacuum as you're using it.  But it's a really flimsy feeling hookup, noticeable when I'd finish my forward stroke and pull it backwards - keeping the handle straight (not pivoting it at all) the whole base would turn cockeyed and drag back on a slight diagonal because it wouldn't roll backwards straight - it got dragged backwards at a slight angle because this assembly is loose enough that there's just too much play in it.My dyson, when I pop the canister off to empty, is clean everywhere except inside.  This had stuff in the inlet to the canister where it enters because it kind of hung up there.  So there was some fibrous stuff (carpet fibers it pulled up) hanging out there as well as puddled around the base one the vac where the canister would slide over.  And that's about all this got from all my vacuuming - carpet fiber.  Looks like someone was getting ready to weave or something.  It didn't get any dirt (remember, I used the Dyson earlier so there shouldn't have been any for it to find) but it did get a whole pile of fiber, so it looked almost like a pile of fur from someone who had brushed their dog - but it wasn't fur (no pets here), it was just fibers from the carpet that it gathered as it went.  Likely from that stiff brush, brand new ready to grab what it can.I thought maybe I'm just too spoiled from my Dyson so this compares poorly in direct comparison, but even looking back three and four vacuums ago when I had Hoovers and such, this just doesn't stack up for me.  It just seems poorly constructed and not very well designed.  The fact that the things that you have to do EVERY time you vacuum (deal with cord, and unlock top to pivot it down to use) don't work well would just drive me batty if this was my only vacuum.There *IS* good suction from it, even when things are inside and you can see the holes on the plastic filter covered and plugged, but there's just too much looseness and wiggling for me to want to use this as my normal vacuum.  Add to the fact that the pet attachment is just an air turbine driven unit, no motor (which I never liked since then you can't bear down hardly at all without stopping the brush from spinning when you're trying to get stubborn hair out), there's just nothing here that would compel me to spend even the discounted Amazon price, let alone the full retail price.I had recently vacuumed my house with the Dyson, so wasn't expecting to pick up much.
Does the Auto Dirt Devil work? Yes. Does it work impressively? No.A vacuum has a singular job: to suck up dirt. It needs to be up to the task. This one isn't. Sure, it can suck up some Cheerios and basic crumbs, but anyone with a car of any sort has more than that to clean up. I'm in a major midwest city. Common car crud for me includes road salt, crushed leaves, dried and squished crab apples. This Dirt Devil Corded Auto Hand Vac hasn't got what it takes.Instead, head out to a gas station and pop a few quarters into the their industrial strength machine and suck away, or bring your car into your garage and plug in your house vac. The job will get done well.--Brockeim
First, off, save your money folks. Buy a cordless little dust buster type vac and save yourself the hassle of trying to  maneuver this thing around the car. My wife's crossover is 211 inches long, and the chord has great length, but this is not easy to maneuver and the cord is always in the way. It is also not lightweight. It feels the same as my other two hand vacs, and they are cordless!!! It does pick up some sand, but not very well. I had to pass over the same area several times to get it clean. I also have two young children. I had to clean out the trap 3 times before I got to the third row! The air vents blow dust everywhere, and much of it went right into my face.....not fun. My daughter and wife both have long hair and this Dirt Devil could not pull it from the carpet of the car....not one hair! The only cool thing (and the reason I give it two stars instead of one)is the crevice tool. It flips down and in and does a good job getting into the crevices of the seats and cleaning them. That device is quite clever, especially because you won't lose it as it is attached to the vac. Brilliant! I wish every vacuum had this. If you have a hand vac, this is no improvement. If you don't have one,I wouldn't waste your money on this one.
I won't say which one of is in the family enjoys frothy, foamy girly-drinks from Starbucks but, suffice to say: It's not me (sorry, hubby).In terms of taste, he agrees with the other reviewers that what this coffee maker produces is NOT latte. This is basically a one-cup drip coffee maker that also (sort of) whips milk. The same effect you can get by using a $15 milk frother. The apparatus needed to do the later means it's also a drip coffee maker where the carafe is a pain-in-the-butt to clean because you can't wash it properly. (It can't be submerged.) That, alone, makes it a no-go for me, even without the sub-par performance aspect. I also saw a lot of potential for breakage/failure with most of the "guts" of the unit encased in the flimsy-feeling, non-washable carafe.The coffee/latte-light this machine produced was deemed, 'Eh, just OK.' You can get better "latte" and "cappuccino" brews from a Tassimo or Keurig with much easier clean-up, in a less-specalized set-up. If this also successfully made regular drip coffee (we tried, it didn't), or other beverages (due to the hard-to-clean aspect, I wouldn't want to mix hot chocolate and coffee in the carafe for fear your chocolate would taste like coffee), or didn't require special, hard-to-find filters (or additional purpose of a permanent filter), or cost less than $40 than MAYBE I could recommend.But, as is, this is a gimmicky, over-priced, specialty gadget that seems destined to end up in a closet or a on a garage shelf ... That's where ours is now.
We have owned this toaster for a few months now, and here are my comments in no particular order:PROs:- Footprint: I like the relatively narrow width of this toaster. We had a bulkier model before and were looking for something sleeker. This one fits the bill in that regard.- Clean Design: No protruding knobs, a smoothly operating slider function. Some reviewers state that they had trouble with the letters coming off after some time but we have not experienced that.- Motorized: That's just a fun function, no more and no less.- I like the receding red light band (above the slider) which indicates how much time remains in the toasting process. This simplifies things.- Easy to cleanCONs:- I miss my old toaster's lever function which allowed me to lift smaller slices higher in order to grab them more easily and not burn my fingers in process. The Lift & Look button on this one works during toasting and only moves the slices up for a moment and then automatically back down for more toasting. I wish it would stop at the top so that slices could be removed if they are done. The way this works is only convenient if the slices are not yet done. Consequently this is a function I hardly ever use.- We have yet to get one single slice that is evenly toasted. This toaster is probably the worst we have ever had in terms of under-toasting, over-toasting or just even toasting. I have tried all settings possible (and recommended in the manual) but time and again - no, make that every time - I get slices that are either nicely toasted around the edges but un-toasted in the center, or I get slices that are slightly browned in the center but very dark to frequently black at the edges. This is highly frustrating and was very surprising to us, given the positive reviews and the "healthy" price tag of this toaster.SUMMARY:No, I would not buy this toaster again. As much as I like the convenient operation and motorized function, the toasting results are bad without exception. I would not complain if this toaster had a $25 price but with the brand name and the actual price being what it is, this is unacceptable. I am not disputing that other people have had better or great results. I am just saying that ours are simply always bad.
This product clearly falls into the novelty (or even toy) category with a large price tag.  Guests seemed amused by the device; particularly by the ability to press a button to get their own drinks. I imagine at large parties, this would be a huge hit. However, a major drawback is that it does not keep the liquid chilled.  So, for those parties where the drinks flow more slowly, you may end up with warmer drinks.  Also limiting is the manufacturer recommendation that only certain types of juice be used (orange and cranberry juice). Interestingly, the manufacture indicates in the manual that this product is not for outdoor use.  I find this odd.Pros:-Amusing for friends (novelty wears off for owner)-Well constructed-Portability (empty first)Cons:-Large in size, not easy to store out of site-Cleanup is a pain (note- to be fair, others have said it was not)-Not best materials (though it is well constructed)-No carbonated beverages-Does not make slushies (for kids)-Will most likely need an extension cord (short cord)-Limited to the provided recipes-No chill ability-Seems to attract those with drinking problems (really)-Instructions say not to move machine after setup-Limited use in that single drink servings are not practical-Very overpriced (my opinion)
I wanted to love this. I love the color scheme and the ability to mount it to a wall. It'll look great on the back of any laundry room door, etc. But the looks just don't matter if the product doesn't deliver and the Bissell falls short - way short. We have two dogs and a cat and I am usually, (truly always) the only one that vacuums twice a week to get up all the hairs before they roll silently across the floor like tumbleweed in an old western. And to get the most pet hair out of your way as possible you have to tackle everything in your home. The Bissell just couldn't handle it. I had to make several passes over the same spot to pick up the hair when it shouldn't be necessary. Putting in all the extra work to get up the hair was too time consuming. And what truly bothers, the filter seems to drag down the performance of the Bissell to a crawl.Not recommended, look elsewhere.
I was given this bread maker though I already had one, theCuisinart CBK-100 2-Pound Programmable Breadmaker. I didn't realize how spoiled I was with the Cuisinart. There were several reasons I preferred the Cuisinart to this one, and the two main ones:1.  The setup/shape of this one is making it's largest dimensions from back to front. This means you have to push it back on the counter pretty far, and when I do this, the lid won't open because it's under the cupboards. So then I have to turn it sideways so I can open it while on the counter top, but then I have to look at it sideways because it is sideways. This was very frustrating.2.  The bread loaf it makes is not a wide style loaf like the Cuisinart. The loaf shape is more tall than long like "real" bread. This also made me unhappy.I used it a few times to make bread and didn't have good results. It is light weight and most of the unit is plastic. I'm sure it could be good enough for some people, especially if you've never had a bread maker before or don't have much to spend, but after having the Cuisinart, it didn't meet my expectations.
I really like the look of this pitcher.  It's sleek and modern looking but it's very top heavy with the wideness of the top in addition to the heaviness of the filter.  You need two hands to carry it around, not good if you have any ADA issues.  I've read some of the older reviews and have to admit I wondered if the manufacturer had sent out defective prototypes but they were correct that the lid does not fit securely when the filter is in which makes the top heavy design even more treacherous to move around and prone to spills and of course when you intentionally pour the water it dribbles down the front of the unit and onto counters and floors.  Others reported how slow it was to let the water trickle down but I didn't think the time was unreasonable.  Definitely less than 5 minutes to fill the pitcher completely.I've been a devoted bottled water drinker since the early `90's so filtered water was kind of a hard sell for me.  Los Angeles water tastes terrible and scares the heck outta me to be honest.  I'm not sure any filtered water system could convince me of its safeness but as a pet water solution or for cooking processes where the water would be boiled it has potential.  The harsh chlorine taste is filtered out by Filtrete which alone is a vast improvement.  As others have stated I have to wonder what other specific impurities it is or isn't deleting.7-20-12 Update:I've been using this as a regular pitcher without the filter but today the handle began to separate from the body of the pitcher spilling water.
Let's just start by saying I am disappointed in this water pitcher.  I have used a Brita slim pitcher for about three years now because I like the compact design, and I'm the only one in my house that uses the water in it.  I was excited to try out something that claims to be faster filling and also be a slim design.  Well, the faster filling part is just a myth.  You cannot fill it up at regular faucet speed because the filter simply does not work that fast.  The filtering area is very shallow, and the filtered water drips out the bottom of it only in the middle area of the filter.  I have to set the pitcher in the sink and turn the faucet on very, very low, otherwise the water spills all over the edge of the filter and into the sink.  In the Brita design, the filter is sunken into a deeper funnel area, so you fill that funnel area up with water, and can walk away. That will fill up about 1/2 of the pitcher.  Sure, it's not the fastest thing but so what, I'm filtering my water!Also, to activate the filter, you are supposed to run about one gallon of water through it first, to get all of the loose charcoal bits out and what not.  How is that earth friendly?  Here in South Texas we are in the worst drought in history, and I am not about to waste all of that water.  With the Brita filter you simply stick it in a tall cup of water and let it soak for a bit.  Then run some water through it, which is nowhere near one gallon.  One nice thing is that there is an indicator on the filter that tells you when you need to go and spend more money to buy another one.  That is approximately 45 days life per filter.  The filter is recyclable, so at least that part is earth friendly.Cost analysis would say that the Filtrete is never going to get off the ground.  I bought three Brita slim pitchers for $9 or less each, and that included one filter.  I had used some great coupons to get two of them for about $3 each, and that is less expensive than buying the filter itself, so it made sense.  Right now this Filtrete pitcher is listing on Amazon for $26 and some change.  Hello!  That is just too much money for a little pitcher.All of that being said, I'm going back to my Brita slim pitcher.
Filtrete Water Pitcher WP02-WH-8, 8 Cup; it will never replace bottled water. However, if you need to save money due to bad tasting water this will clean it up in a small way. It was easy to follow instructions and slow to fill.I wanted to like one to save money and cut household cost but this this product just won't cut it for me. I will look else where. This is good in a pinch.
I was hoping to replace my Brita water pitcher with this since the filters appear to be a bit more earth friendly than the Brita's.  Alas, my hopes are dashed. I have no desire to stand by the sink, constantly refilling the 8 ounce water tray with water to fill the whole pitcher.  I can fill my Brita half full and walk away, come back in 8 minutes and fill it up the remainder of the way.Doing a time test on how long it actually took to fill the entire pitcher with 8 cups of water amounted to more than 10 minutes.  My Brita will do the same job in 12, and that is with a week old filter installed, so the speed difference is not that great - especially since you literally have to stay by the sink refilling the Filtrete to get that 2 minute time gain.The Pros:The Filtrete is made well.  The plastic seems stable and everything fits well together.The filter idea is a good one.  Toss the actual filter in the trash and recycle the plastic top.It will fit in the door of the fridge (but then again, so will my slimline Brita).It's prettier than the Brita.The Cons:The pitcher is almost twice the cost of other available brands.  At almost 12 dollars a pop - the filters are not economical.  Especially when the Brita cartridges are much cheaper in packs of 4.To activate the filter, you must press down on the activation button.  I could not accomplish this with my thumb and had to use the end of a butter knife to get it going.Standing at the sink for 4 minutes to hold the filter under running water was a bit of a pain and a waste of water.  The Brita filter can be soaked in a glass for 30 minutes - pop it in place and it's ready to go.They don't tell you on their website exactly what this filter filters.  As we are on a well, we know we have safe, but high levels of iron in our water.  I do not know if the Filtrete will filter the excess iron out of the water bringing in down to normal levels.  The Brita does do this, as we have had the water tested.)More time consuming to fill compared to pitchers that have a larger well.Would I recommend the Filtrete Pitcher to a friend, probably not.  I'd send them off for a Brita or a Pur - more bang for the buck - both pitcher and filter wise.
I buy a lot of bottled water. With the price going up and up, I thought that this Filtrete Water Pitcher may be a cheaper alternative. Cost wise, it may be. But taste wise, not really. I didn't notice any improvement in taste compared to straight tap water.I did like the thinness of the pitcher. If fits perfectly in my refrigerator door.I didn't like that there were carbon particles in the bottom of my pitcher (for my first batch of water) - even after rinsing out the filter as per the instructions.I found it a little difficult to get the lid to seat properly the first time and pushing the filter timer button required me to use my knuckle to push it. I don't think a "little old lady" would have the strength. BTW: I never did see any time line appear (as per the instructions).
I use quite a lot of filtered water so any opportunity to improve on my Brita pitcher is much appreciated (I believe I already slammed my Brita faucet filter in a previous review). Unfortunately, Filtrete brings nothing new to the table and brings it in smaller portions as well.Filtrete promises to filter faster than other such pitchers and it does. Why? Because it doesn't do as much. I immediately went through the included literature to determine exactly what Filtrete actually filters from drinking water and learned it "reduces sediment and chlorine taste & odor." What KIND of sediment? No information is given, neither on the box nor in the instructions nor on their Web site.Woo hoo.Brita, on the other hand, promises to reduce chlorine AND mercury AND copper. Call me a sucker for specificity but that sounds like a better filter to me. In addition, rather than just soaking and then running a pitcher of water through the filter itself, the Filtrete owner is instead required to run cold water through it for 4 or so minutes--a major waste of water that could be used for plants or pets. And although the filters are supposedly recyclable (where?), they last only 1  months compared to Brita's 2 months. Let me get this straight: I need to replace filters that don't work as effectively as Brita's on a more frequent basis...yeah, right.The pitcher itself is very nice looking but seems very flimsy in quality (guess where it's manufactured?). To its credit, it will store easily in a refrigerator door; this and its appearance is what saves the Filtrete for a one-star rating.To summarize, the Filtrete, in my opinion is not a filtering pitcher for those who take such things seriously. Stick with Brita--I've been using mine for years and have had no problems at all. Sorry 3M but I can't recommend the Filtrete.
The main glaring thing about this pitcher is that I don't think this filter made our tap water taste better.  For a week we couldn't put our finger on what we were tasting, then realized this pitcher filter doesn't remove the taste or smell of chlorine in our tap water.  Our PUR filter removes the chlorine taste & smell from our tap water, but this Filtrete pitcher filter doesn't.And there's an annoying little detail - you fill the little filter area with water and then let the water filter through into the rest of the pitcher.  Then, you put more water into the little filter area to be filtered.  I had to do this about 6 times to fill the pitcher and this filter does its job slowly, water literally trickles out of the filter.  It's rather time consuming.(UPDATE:  I found I can set this pitcher in the sink and set the tap to run water slowly into the filter area, so I don't have to fill it half a dozen times and wait for the filtering to finish each time.  This way I don't have to babysit it so much, I can make toast or something while the pitcher fills.)Also, once I put the filter into the pitcher, the lid didn't want to go onto the pitcher.  I had to wrestle with it for a few minutes to try and get it into place without breaking it in the process.I'd take a pass on this pitcher.  Its slim shape doesn't justify its shortcomings.
The obvious competition for Filtrete is Brita, so how does it stack up against their products?The main advertising point of Filtrete is that it filters water "3 times faster than traditional filtering pitchers." I frankly don't think it's any faster than my Brita, and its very shallow well means that you have to leave it under the faucet with the water dripping. The well should have been deeper, even if that meant reducing how much water the pitcher could hold.My biggest issue with Filtrete is that the current price of replacement filters is totally uncompetitive with Brita. While Filtrete has a 50 gallon life vs Brita's 40 gallon, Amazon's discount on muti-buy packs result in Brita filters being half the price of Filtrete. This alone is reason enough not to go with Filtrete.One thing I do like is the narrow body of the Filtrete pitcher, but Brita also has similarly proportioned pitchers.
This filter is awfully small for the price. It wouldn't last through one family meal at our house (4 people). It also takes a long time to filter the water, which surprised me because it's labeled as being a fast filter. It took a little over 20 minutes to fill it with filtered water. That's fine if you have time to stand around and wait for it to fill because you have to keep adding water to the small part on the top.  If you tip it at all while you're filling it, water will spill over the filter and into the holding tank of what you've already filtered. Also, the lid for the top part of mine didn't go on very easily. I'm not impressed with this item one bit.
I currently have a faucet mounted filter that has served me well.  But I have also wondered if maybe a filtered water pitcher would be as good or better.  My first pitchers worth of glasses from this Filtrete Water Pitcher was not a good experience as the water from it had a strong aftertaste that my faucet mounted one did not.  The instructions say to wash it out with dish soap before using it, which I did, but I may not did a very good job because by the second time I filled up the Filtrete Water Filter, the aftertaste was gone and the water tasted as good as the faucet mounted filter.The pitcher itself looks very stylist and is thin enough to fit in the door of my refrigerator.  But there is a major flaw in the design as the water flows way too fast and I almost always make a mess when trying to fill up the dogs' water bowl on the floor.  And since there is no "close" option for the pitcher, if it gets knocked over, you are going to have a huge spill depending how much water is still in it.  Also the filter claims to be three time faster which is not something I can compare because it is my first water filter pitcher, but as fast as it claims to be, it takes a while to fill the pitcher, I have my faucet set to just above a drip so the reservoir above the filter does not overflow while being filtered.All of this would be acceptable of a product compared to my faucet mount if it not be for one more thing: replacement filters.  Here on Amazon, I can get my on tap replacement filter for $25.71 for two while the Filtrete replacement filter is listed at $11.69 for one.  Which would be almost the same price per filter, except the on tap filter lasts for ninety days but the Filtrete filters have to be replaced every forty-five days.  So for a year I can spend $51.42 for on tap filters or $93.52 a year on Filtrate filters.  This product is definitely not worth almost $50 more a year over my faucet mounted filter.
Let me start by saying this is the FIRST water filtering pitcher my family has ever used.  So, in all honesty, I can't make comparisons to other water filtering pitchers.  But, I can offer a "newbie" opinion.My family lives a very hectic lifestyle.  We drink A LOT of water.  We have gotten used to buying cases of bottled water and keeping them refrigerated so they are readily available cold.  I thought we would try the Filtrete to see if we could save some money.First and foremost, the pitcher design is excellent.  It is sleek and slim and fits easily either on a refrigerator shelf, or in the door.I read the instructions, and rinsed the pitcher and the filter before the first use.  Upon attempting my first fill, I was shocked at how slowly the pitcher fills.  If this is 2 or 3 times faster than other filtering pitchers, I would certainly never use one.  Even though I had rinsed the filter, I seemed to get filter sediment on the bottom of my first pitcher.  Because of this, I decided to empty the pitcher and re-fill.  By then, I was getting frustrated on how "inconvenient" this whole process was.  While waiting for the pitcher to fill the second time, I started to realize how much tap water I was wasting (overflow) waiting for the filter to allow the pitcher to fill.  This definitely takes away from the "green" aspect of the product.  Thankfully, I did NOT notice sediment in the bottom of the second pitcher.  I will admit that the water tasted fresh; but, of course, I am used to great tasting water from a bottle.  Due to what an inconvenience the pitcher presents over just grabbing a bottle of cold water, I decided to figure out how much money we would actually be saving.  It is hard to calculate because we now have to consider whether we will use disposable or permanent vessels to drink the water out of.  From a saving standpoint, I would like to use permanent vessels; but, I know my family is not going to like having to keep track of a permanent vessel as they go about their busy lifestyle.  When I considered that the replacement filters are approximately $12 and supposedly provide 50 gallons of filtered water, I started the realize the trouble is simple not worth the savings in our household.Overall, the Filtrete Water Pitcher seems to be a good products, it just does not provide the convenience our lifestyle demands.
Here in Phoenix the tap water tastes like dirt. Nasty, sandy dirt. I usually blow around $5-10 a week on bottled water to drink and am always on the hunt for a more economical way to get clean, tasty water. Thus, I was absolutely thrilled to try this Filtrete Water Pitcher! I'd heard of this type of gadget before and wasn't for sure if I could trust it or not. As for other brands, I don't know, but this one did not make my tap water any more drinkable.Taste-wise, it is the exact same. Chemically it may have improved, but it really doesn't matter to me. I can't drink the stuff.The only other problem I had was that my sink was too small for the tall pitcher to sit under, so I actually had to pour the water into the filter one cup at a time. Not really that big of a deal, if it had worked, but another possible frustration.Overall: Everybody's tap water is different, but whatever compounds are in mine are too much for this filtration device. I really do believe that it may work for some people, and that it probably does make the water healthier, but taste-wise, this offered no improvement at all. :(
The water has a nice clean taste.The filter/lid insert is difficult to get into the pitcher. A person with arthritis of the hands would have a hard time with this.The filtering speed is much slower than I expected. It takes a few minutes to fill it and since the filter component is not designed to hold water, you have to stand at the sink and babysit the pitcher while it fills.I would not recommend this filter pitcher.
I don't understand how this is supposed to be a good devilled egg holder and why it gets such good reviews for that purpose. I cut my eggs in half length ways. This holder is built much like an egg carton so the eggs r sitting upright and very close together. An egg turned on its side, or lengthwise like I do my devilled eggs doesn't fit in. And if you do manage to wedge it in, they are so close to one another that people are touching all the ones around the one their trying to pick up!I think it would do a better job of fitting small stuffed tomatoes or mushrooms but they would still be squashed pretty close together. I really wasn't happy with this and had expected better.
My eggs just fall over the holes are way too big for large eggs. Love the line I have the dishes and most of the serving pieces but this egg tray, I would not recommend.
I have no idea how people that say this is perfect for deviled eggs are making or getting their eggs. This fits a large egg upright. It does not fit it length wise! With that being said I don't need a fancy egg holder for my fridge. I was highly disappointed when I opened this up and saw this. While yes this tray is pretty, it's useless for me.
I unpacked my new heater with much anticipation. The two heaters stacked look more like a speaker and take up less room than the Ambia side-by-side dual heaters that sits on a base. One control on the top heater determines if the top, bottom or both will be running. There is also a thermostat setting which is supposed to allow you to set both the top and bottom independently of each other, especially useful when using them up to 9' apart. This flexibility is perfect for our cold office.When plugging the heater in you immediately get a thermostat display, which after selecting the auto mode, can be raised or lowered. The display on the thermostat said 77. After selecting auto mode I lowered the thermostat to 70 for each heater. For some reason the display jumps back up to a higher setting - apparently what it believes is the current room temperature. The thermostat appears to be off by a number of degrees. The heater seems to work just fine in manual mode, but that means the heater is constantly running.The book doesn't help with this issue other than to say if it's not coming on, you've already reached that temperature. I can guarantee it's not even close to 77 in here - and wouldn't want it to.I did raise the temperature setting on the thermostat to 75 and both heaters came on for a time. The thermostat display now says 82 and the heater hasn't come back on over a half hour later and it's been rather chilly in here for awhile. I've since raised the thermostat a few degrees and it's still not coming back on.I'd give the product 5 stars for looks and the ability to use it up to 9' apart if it worked, but with the malfunctioning thermostat this is practically useless for what we need, hence the rating it received.  This is the second Ambia space heater product I've had and the thermostats on both are flawed.  Since I received both of these free to review from Amazon, I can't return the defective products for a replacement via Amazon.Amended 10/26. Was able to get a hold of customer service using the phone number on the instructions booklet. The number is listed a number of times throughout the booklet including calling regarding the 3-year warranty. I was told that this is the wrong number to call for the Ambia product line and the guy apologized but said he had no idea what number I should be calling.  So no help from that end.
I'm not sure what the 10-in-1 claim refers to but this product is ostensibly a blender and a juicer. Unfortunately it doesn't really do either task very well. For comparison, I use aBreville BBL605XL Hemisphere Control BlenderandBreville BJE200XL Compact Juice Fountain 700-Watt Juice Extractor, both of which I love and use multiple times a week.The juice recipes in the accompanying recipe book produce half the juice compared to when the same ingredients are placed in my juicer. When it comes to smoothies, shaved iced or vegetable chopping, it lacks the consistency and capability of the Breville blender. Shaved iced is almost impossible without adding water and everything blended comes out as a mashy mess. It particularly hates chopping ice which is really problematic for making smoothies.The unit feels cheap and 'plasticky', lacks any useful controls to manage speed or timing, and comes with a dizzying array of attachments that could fill an entire drawer by themselves. As others have noted, its also very tall so won't fit comfortably on my kitchen counters and is difficult to store. It's also incredibly loud compared to the Breville models.Overall, it's a neat idea and I'm sure the "As Seen On TV" infomercials make it appear to work seamlessly. In reality it's a gadget that doesn't do a particularly good job. Within a week of testing the unit, my wife had buried it deep within the pantry and restored the Brevilles to their original locations - and blending and juicing has been much easier since. My chances of using it again are very low.
The description sounds great - here is an all-round appliance for your kitchen counter.  With it, you'll be able to pack away several of your other gadgets because the Torpedo can do it all.  NOT!Taking this out of the box, the first thing you will notice is that it is made almost entirely of plastic.  The blades and the actual screens are the only metal parts to this machine.  The plastic, especially the canister, is thin and flimsy feeling.  (I wouldn't dare put boiling hot liquid into this thing.)What it can do:Blend up soft fruits to an almost smooth texture.Chop frozen fish nicely for fish cakes.What it can't do:Ice - no crushed or slivered ice from this machine.Bread crumbs - half of the bread will be power, the other half chunks.Chop veggies - breaks up some, but no consistent size.And those were the things I tried the first day.Day two - I tried salsa.  Ended up with a mashed mess, eatable, but not very pleasing to the eye.I do not like how the canister and blades cannot be separated for cleaning.  Their recommendation is to fill the canister with hot water and a few drops of dish soap and turn it on for 30 seconds.  To me, that won't work, because that would mean I would have to wash it immediately after using it - and I still can't see if beneath the blades are clean.Nor do I like the height of the machine when assembled.  It cannot be stored on the counter because it will not fit beneath the upper cabinets.  The designers of the Torpedo really need to take a second look at the machine.  It has potential - but right now, so many problems it is practically useless.My old Oster blender is now back in place on the shelf, as it works so much better than this - for all the above things.Do yourself a favor - pass on this.  Get a quality blender instead.  You'll be happier.
This is not a juicer. It failed miserably when I tried to use it for juicing! It wouldn't even juice soft fruit and vegetables like cucumbers, kale, etc. I think it should be labeled 2 in 1 because there are only two things I can see it being good for... blending liquids and making margaritas. And honestly, I think you can find better products to fulfill those needs. This thing is huge, doesn't fit under the counter well, is loud beyond reason, and doesn't even crush ice that well. Certainly not what I would expect from a product at this price range. Not a good value!
4/6/2013 Update----------------Ok, so we were happy with this vacuum for a few months.  The only complaint we had was the messy process of emptying and cleaning the dirt containers.  Dust falls all over the head of the vacuum when removing the containers for emptying/cleaning.  Otherwise, things were great until yesterday when the vacuum just inexplicably stopped working properly.  The vacuum powers on but it seems like the engine doesn't have enough power to spin the brush against the carpet.  As long as the brush has no friction, (when I lift the brush off the carpet) it spins fine.  The more friction the brush encounters the less it spins until stopping altogether.  The only way I can get the brush to spin now is to set the vacuum at the highest height from the floor and tilt the vacuum so the brush barely touches the top of the carpet.  Any more friction than that and the brush isn't strong enough to spin.  When I checked the roller and belt, both looked perfect.  The belt looked brand new, with no major wear, rips or burns and the roller had very little hair on it, none of which was causing any obstruction.  Whatever happened occurred internally at random and wasn't caused by any external factors such as a throw rug or something getting caught in the brush and burning out the engine.  After roughly thirty minutes on the telephone with Bissell support, I was instructed to take the vacuum to the nearest Bissell authorized repair facility which is twenty miles away.  I decided to just purchase a new vacuum.  The way this vacuum failed has made me lose confidence in it.  I don't want to waste the gas and toll to drive forty miles roundtrip on a product that barely lasted six months before breaking for no obvious reason.  Even if I hadn't received the vacuum through the Vine program, I would still make this decision.  It's just not worth it.  I'd rather cut my losses and go with a different product.******** Original Review *****The vacuum came with clear easy to follow instructions and assembled quickly in under 10 minutes.  Vacuuming was a joy as I did not find it heavy or cumbersome to push.  Don't get me wrong, it's not superlight like an Oreck but it's far from being as heavy as some of my past vacuums.  It has two power buttons, one for the main power and one to toggle the brush off and on in case you need to vacuum hard surfaces.  Performance has been great so far.  The clear canister shows you the amount of dirt you pick up and it is so effective, the canister fills up fairly quickly.  I was actually surprised to see the amount of dust and debris in the canister after the first cleaning because we vacuum fairly frequently. The brush stops rotating automatically whenever the handle is held in an upright position.  Sometimes it's annoying when you're merely moving the vacuum around and the brush cuts off because you lifted the handle just a tad too high especially when vacuuming tight areas with a lot of furniture or obstructions.  The turbo brush is a great little add-on for furniture, stairs, or heavy drapes.  There is also a regular non-powered brush for blinds and more delicate items or fabrics.  The hose is on the shorter side, even with the wand attached, so this is not a vacuum you'll be able to easily clean an entire normal-sized stairs without carrying the entire thing at some point.  It does have a nice long 30' power cord, so you can clean stairs, large areas, or even closely spaced rooms without switching outlets in a lot of circumstances.Cleaning so far has been very good.  As I stated above, you can easily see in the transparent canister how much dirt is extracted during cleaning.  Another plus is that the brush does a good job of re-fluffing worn or matted carpet.  I vacuumed a high traffic area that I previously cleaned with a different vacuum and thought the carpet was a lost cause because it never fluffed quite the same as it once was.  This vacuum revitalized it and had it looking good as new in addition to being clean.  The Oxy cleaner can on the side is convenient but not something unique to this vacuum because it's meant to be sprayed and allowed to dry completely before vacuuming the remaining residue.  So basically, it can be used with any vacuum. Plus, it is only meant for very light surface stains that do not require excessive wet scrubbing.  For set-in or stubborn stains, I use a dedicated carpet scrubber, as even the manual for this vacuum seems to indirectly suggest.Maintenance seems simple enough. The canister is removable by flipping a lock switch on the front from right to left. Most parts of the vacuum, such as the canister, upper canister, and pre-motor filter can be washed and reused.  The post-motor filter (which cleans the air before it is exhausted back into the room) must be replaced when heavily soiled. It's non-washable.  There are two belts, one in the main assembly and one in the turbo-brush tool.  The main assembly belt can be replaced, however it appears the entire turbo-brush tool would have to be replaced if that belt fails.  It's highly unlikely however, given the fact that the turbo brush works from suction and not a motor rotating the belt, therefore there is a low likelihood of the belt wearing from heat and friction to the point of failure.I'm not a vacuum specialist or pro by any means.  I simply require decent cleaning ability and suction, easy mobility (not too heavy or cumbersome), easy maintenance (quickly empty canisters or change bags), and the convenience of a decent length cord and/or hose/wand for stairs and drapes.  Although the Bissell doesn't quite meet all of my needs, specifically the hose length and ease of using on stairs, it is still a very nice vacuum and with a generous three-year warranty, it will likely be the primary vacuum in our household for the next three years.
I was excited to get this - we are trying to eat healthier, but my husband still loves his fried food - onion rings being a favorite at the moment. So we were hoping to be able to use this to make all sorts of fried things, but using less oil. Let me burst that bubble right at the beginning - you cannot fry onion rings, or battered fish, or anything of the sort in this machine. The closest to frying you get is the recipe for actual fries. I haven't actually made fries in the machine for two reasons: one, I know most people will try that right off the bat, and two, we don't eat enough fries to justify having this machine just for that.However, they are also marketing this as a versatile multi-cooker type of machine, so I made a couple of recipes from the included book. One was delicious (the Chicken Tikka Masala) and one was...meh (Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin). For sweet and sour, it was far too tomatoey, with little sweet or sour flavors. It would be decent as a pork sandwich, but still just OK. The thing is, I could make the exact same recipes on my stove with little more effort. The time *might* be a little longer, but not by much.The ActiFry does come with a small book of about 30 recipes - most of which can be made on the stove. It has some information on eating healthier, but does not come with any specific information about how to convert any recipes to use in the machine. There is also a website that has some recipes on it, but those recipes could use some SERIOUS quality control. Mango Beef, I'm talking about you. Not only that, but there aren't many to choose from (yet?) for a machine that is being marketed as a multi-cooker. You are also limited to the size of recipe you can make, due to the pan size, and by the following cooking tips from the book:* Blend dry spices with some sort of liquid before adding them to prevent them being blown around.* Don't use crushed garlic to prevent it from sticking to the central paddle.* No soups or high-liquid recipes, due to overflow into the base.* Everything must be cut/chopped to the same size for even cooking.The machine itself is louder than I expected - not screaming stereo loud, but like a blow dryer running constantly in the background. Loud enough that it can be annoying. The measuring spoon it comes with is OK, but the markings can be hard to see - especially if you've used it for other ingredients in one of the recipes. In addition, the curved mixer blade doesn't really mix as much as it just shoves everything around and around. You will end up doing your own mixing every so often to make sure that things cook evenly.After the ActiFry has been cooking for a while, the silver band in the middle and the plastic top get quite warm. If you have no children and/or will not be adding things during cooking (which most of the recipes will have you doing), then that is not a problem. But when you need to add food or spices to the machine, you'd better use a hot pad or something - I was using the middle of my forearm with a long sleeve shirt to push the lid back down. You also want to stand back a bit when opening after it's been going for a while, because a cloud of hot steam that suddenly has somewhere to go will be released. I did like the safety feature it has that stops the machine when the lid is opened, and that the lid can be taken off to be washed. I also liked the built-in timer...not a necessary addition, but certainly a handy one. The downside of the timer is that the machine itself is so loud, the timer is hard to hear over it.The ActiFry is supposed to have parts that are dishwasher safe, but I have concerns about that. The pan is coated in Teflon (or some variant), and I know the dishwasher can be pretty tough on Teflon coatings. My guess is, washing by hand is a safer bet. The pan cleans VERY easily, but the middle blade does not. It has all sorts of nooks and crannies, so you will be best served by having a toddler-size toothbrush to really be able to get it clean (I happened to have one, so I know it works pretty well). In addition, the middle paddle ended up stained this funky forest green after making the Tikka Masala recipe in the book last night. I'm assuming it's from the combination of cheaper plastics and the curry sauce, but it looks terrible. If that's important to you, then keep it in mind.Oh. And the thing is not small. On the contrary, it's about the size of a small toaster oven. It's around 1 1/2 feet long by a little over a foot wide, so it takes up a fair amount of counter space. Unless you have the space or want to find a place to store it, this might not be the most practical thing.Overall, I  am just plainly confused by the ActiFry's purpose. We don't eat enough fries to justify the price tag of over $200, and I don't know many people who do. The regular cooking can be done on a stove top with the same recipes and amounts of oil as the ActiFry. It does make things a small bit easier, but not in any significant way, and certainly not enough to justify the cost. If the ActiFry is something you are still interested in, then I highly recommend getting one from Amazon or someplace else with a good return policy, just to be on the safe side. I can honestly say that had I purchased this, I would be returning it immediately for a refund - then again, I never would have spent so much money on a device that seems designed mainly for cooking french fries.**UPDATE: 5/3/12**  I made some fries in the machine, though not the homemade version. We were less than impressed. By the time they got to where they needed to be on the outside, they seemed overcooked and slightly tough on the inside. We also threw together a fried rice recipe that we love, and while it was OK, the sauce didn't end up mixing into the rice as well as if I had just used the wok. However, it was faster and a bit easier...
I don't know if the T-fal ActiFry was/is offered on an infomercial, but after using it a few times it feels like one of those appliances that does one thing fairly well, but to justify the high price they have to come up with other uses for it. At the time of this review it costs nearly $250 here on Amazon...and you can't even buy it in eight EASY payments of only 29.95, like you can on an infomercial.This one does French fries. If you do a lot of home made French fries, this may be for you. Otherwise, save your money. IMO, even the fries, while pretty good, were more trouble than they were worth. I will qualify that by saying we seldom do fries at home and fries from scratch even less so. We don't own a deep fat fryer, so we won't benefit from the healthier alternative this provides.My mandoline slicer's largest julienne blade only made shoestring sized fries, but that is what we like. By the time I sliced up enough potatoes and cooked them for almost 40 minutes, I spent over an hour just on the fries. With the shoestring cut, the stirrer didn't so much stir, but push like a snow plow. I frequently had to open the top and spread the potatoes out.The other stuff we tried from the included cookbook was ok, but not great. Everything could have been done faster on the stove and with less cleanup. When it's in use you make you pretty much have to baby sit it. You can't just turn it on and let go for 30 or 40 minutes.The construction feels a bit cheap for such an expensive appliance, especially the lid, that looks like it would crack the first time it was dropped.For a gadget that, as of this writing, retails for well over $200 I was surprised to find a $5.00 battery powered timer stuck in a slot on the top of the unit. This seems a bit cheap for such an expensive appliance. All it does is count down to "0." The manual says it should beep, but mine doesn't. It doesn't shut the unit off. My crock pot cost less than $90 and it has a multifunction timer that shuts the unit off when it times out.Cleanup is fairly easy, with the important parts easily removable for washing in the dishwasher, although they take up a lot of room.Bottom line: IMO, even with all the "extra things" you can do besides fries, it way overpriced. If I had paid the rack rate for this it would have been returned. As it is, we will use for the few times a year we are craving French fries, but it will spend most of its life on the shelf in the back room gathering dust.
Honestly, I'm not real sure what to make of the T-fal Actifry. This is not your ordinary kitchen device. It isn't a fryer, and it's not an electric skillet. It doesn't make sandwiches, and you can't bake in it. You can cook just about anything that is chopped or sliced to a manageable size, which enables the Actifry to "bakifry" it. And that's really all it can do. Sure, it comes with a recipe book and lots of ideas for how you might use it, but in the end, it really only does one thing: make crispy fries. My first batch was the sweet potato variety, and with just a small amount of oil and 35 minutes cook time, I ended up with crispy on the outside, wispy on the inside sweet potato fries. The next time I used it, I made regular fries. They too came out really good using only a hint of oil. Using it to make anything other than fries, however, is an adventure.I made one of the chicken dishes straight out of the accompanying cookbook. The result was a bland and unexciting dish, with dried out chicken, undercooked potatoes, and overcooked vegetables. The Actifry has an annoying habit of depositing bits of food on the edge of the pan, and cooking this large quantity of food (again, following the recipe) made the stirrer largely ineffective, as it just shoved around the groups of food in the packs and globs in which they were added to the mix. Anyway, I don't know why anyone would want to use this thing for anything other than fries. The Actifry is loud, as in just as loud as myRemington D3710 Ceramic Fast Finish Dual Fan Turbo Hair Dryer, 1875 WattsorDyson DC40 Multi floor upright vacuum cleaner. I like to listen to jazz while cooking and to do that while making fries, I had to put this in another room so I could hear my music over its jet engine fan. It's also quite bulky, with a large footprint (almost double myHamilton Beach 3 Liter Deep Fryer Digital Timer) and even though it gets really hot all over, it takes about a half hour to cook one batch of fries. That kind of works if you're cooking a regular meal: you start your fries, then by the time you've finished cooking the rest of the meal, the fries are done. The spinning stirrer thing is just plain weird. It pushes the food around without mixing it, which is acceptable with fries, but not with anything else.If you are a fry freak and want to cut your oil consumption without giving up taste, this is the cooker for you. If you have to buy a Christmas or birthday present for a kitchen gadget freak, this will probably be something they would enjoy if they don't already have one. Otherwise, I can't see rushing out to buy a loud, bulky appliance like this one when just about anything in your kitchen already does what Actifry does, and probably does it better.
What is this product? It's an expensive tabletop convection oven.  That's exactly what it is.It's SO amazing to me that this product has SO much information about cooking French Fries.  There is a book included touting the nutritional value of said French Fires.  This is "crazy talk".  One potato has 278 calories.  254 of those calories are from carbs.  I don't know any nutritionist who will tell you that eating potatoes is better for you than eating other things like carrots, broccoli, beans, etc.  Granted. .  .. . being that you're not deep-frying the French Fries, that certainly makes a difference.  Also, I'm not "against" potatoes, but for a product like this with such a high price tag. . . .  You can make your own French Fries in a "regular" oven which are just about as good.I think it all depends upon what you're cooking as to whether this item will work.  If you're cooking something that either needs. . . or will at least work. . . with lots of stirring, then this product might work for you.  The stirring arm constantly goes around for the entire cooking process.  If you're cooking something with a lot of liquid. . . this item will not work.  There is a hole in the middle.  This is where the "stirring arm" attaches.  But there is no seal.  I wouldn't want to put much liquid in the pan at all.As to the quality of this item. .  I just say that it leaves a LOT to be desired.If all you're looking to do is make French Fries, without all the oil. . . . And you make them multiple times per week. . . . And you have the extra $$ to "blow" on such an item as this. . . Then go for it.  Otherwise, just use your own stove or oven.  If you REALLY want another "gadget" in your kitchen, then you might want to think about something that has more uses such as a crockpot or pressure cooker.
Durability: I can't really judge that as of now. I only used it twice.  All of the parts that don't heat are plastic. I set the timer but it doesn't shut off and it doesn't always buzz when the time is up. Maybe, it was my mistake but I thought it would automatically shut off when the timer went off. I stepped outside for a few minutes and when I came back, my food was overcooked and it was still running.I don't like the way it cooks. Yes, the fries were crispy but all it did was pile everything up and push it around.  It stayed on top of or in front the paddle.  The paddle did continue to turn but the food wouldn't slide over it like it's supposed to.It does cook the food with little or no oil, it just doesn't cook it evenly because it doesn't do anything but get pushed around in the same position the whole time it's cooking.
Although I am not extremely health-conscious when it comes to preparing food, I do prefer to eliminate extra fat and greasy foods when possible.  So testing the T-fal ActiFry Low-Fat Multi-Cooker was quite exciting, and my wife and I were eager to start using it right away.  Unboxing and setting up the appliance was a breeze, although I was immediately concerned about the plastic components, such as the stir paddle thingy, given the high cooking temperatures produced by the device.  However, I figured the manufacturer knew what they were doing and had tested the design extensively before releasing it to the public.  Overall the device seemed durable and thoughtfully designed, so we plugged in and started making our first food item; french fries.We measured out a large portion of frozen french fries, based on the quantity specified in the operating directions, with the meager amount of oil as recommended.  Power on and away we go!  With what sounds like a hair dryer, the ActiFry roared to life.  The first batch of fries took no less than 30 minutes, with the plastic stir paddle jamming about 3 times, which required me to open the machine and move the fries around a bit.  It was very disappointing that the fries took so long.  I dished out the fries, which two of my three children gobbled up immediately.  They were fairly crispy on the outside, yet tender on the inside, but my children said they definitely tasted a little different.  "Not bad, just different."  My wife and I soon realized that there was no way we could use this appliance to prepare food for our family of 5.  We would need to run at least 2 or 3 batches of fries in the device, each batch taking about 30 minutes, which would burn up 60 to 90 minutes.  So even though this appliance is quite large, taking up a great deal of counter space, it is in no way capable of feeding a full family.Clean up is quick and painless.  It is a big plus that the food pan can be cleaned in the dishwasher.  Tearing down and putting back together couldn't be much easier.  Since there isn't a bunch of oil involved in the cooking process, there is no real mess to deal with.  From the clean-up aspect, we are thrilled with this device.We have tried cooking a handful of different things in the ActiFry.  Some of the recopies included with the device require that you add ingredients gradually over time, which creates a somewhat time consuming and cumbersome process.  So you aren't always able to just put the food in, hit the start button, and then fully concentrate on the other food you are preparing on the stove.  Another problem is that the plastic stir paddle continues to jam, requiring us to open the dome and move the food around to free up the paddle.  I'm afraid that if we don't constantly watch the device, and quickly attend to the jamming stir paddle inside, we will burn up the motor.  Did I mention that this appliance sounds like a loud hair dryer on switched on high?  At first I was shocked by the amount of noise, but figured we would get used to it.  Unfortunately it has become quite an annoyance.  We find ourselves talking louder, and unable to stand anywhere near the machine is someone calls us on the phone.While the T-fal ActiFry Multi-Cooker seemed like a great method of healthy cooking for our family, we have decided that it will go back in the box and likely sit in storage for the foreseeable future.  Being a family of 5, there is just no way this device can cook enough food to feed all of us.  Maybe we will pull it out again someday, when the children have grown and moved away.  We also find the noise it produces to be very irritating, and just don't feel like it will last long due to all of the plastic parts, and the constant jamming of the stir paddle.  Maybe it would be a good appliance for a single person, or maybe a married couple, without children, who have a low appetite.  Considering the size of our family, the T-fal ActiFry just doesn't meet our needs.  The high cost of this appliance just doesn't seem worth the investment, given the average taste and texture of the food it produces.  My wife and I both feel honored to have been given the opportunity to test this product.  We both feel it is a great concept for healthier cooking, and hopefully T-fal will improve the design for future model releases.  But even with design improvements, I don't think future models will ever be suited for a full family.  It is already very large, while producing enough food for only about 2 people with moderate appetites.  The same device for a family of 4 or 5 would have to be enormous!  If it was priced far cheaper, I might be able to recommend it to some of our single friends, but at the current, rather steep cost, I couldn't recommend this device when there are far cheaper and simpler methods of cooking healthy foods at home.
This is a giant, expensive cooking gadget that does one thing decently and a couple of other things not so well. I was shocked at how huge it is, like microwave-sized. And for all its size it makes tiny portions. Forget about this if your household is more than two people, and even then it makes a side-dish at best.If you are single, on a diet, have a lot of kitchen space, and really, really love French fries I could see justifying this. Otherwise it is a colossal waste of space -- Both figuratively and literally.First off it is made by T-fal, a brand known for junk kitchen goods. T-fal makes the kind of lightweight, cheap pots and pans you buy as a college student on your own for the first time, then replace when you become an adult. They work. They are dirt cheap. I have a couple of T-fal pans left over from my initial college set that I use for camping. So I was surprised to see a T-fal gadget sell for so much. But I was less surprised when I opened the box and saw that standard T-fal material that I could bend with my hands.But I still had hopes. I love French fries. I have a deep fryer that I pull out from time to time for hand-cut French fries and breaded fish, but not as often as I like. Even though it makes the world's best fish and chips, my deep fryer is a mess and stinks up the house. I was excited about this ActiFry, thinking I could get a healthier version of my beloved French fries without all the muss.So I tried the recipe that came with the ActiFry, and I got--to paraphrase Douglas Adams--something almost entirely unlike French fries. They LOOKED like French fries; soggy McDonald's French fries to be precise, even with the little gristle bits at the bottom. But they didn't TASTE like French fries.I should have known better. Just like theOven-baked Donuts, there is no magic substitution. That oil does a lot more than just crisp the skin. Take away the oil and you get a product with roughly the same shape but not the same flavor. ActiFry French fries tasted more like McDonald's fries that had been sitting around for awhile, then re-heated in the microwave. Not delicious. And not crispy.So the fries were a dud. But I tried a few more recipes, and one thing the ActiFry does make really well is home fries, you know those potato wedges you could in a skillet? The ActiFry recipe for home fries was perfect. Thumbs up for that.There are other recipes that I tried, but they are all things that I can do with other, less cumbersome equipment. And the recipes are not encouraging. They often require adding one ingredient for two minutes, then another for three minutes, then another for one minute, etc ... not exactly "put in and push a button" -easy. Much easier and tastier to just make chili in a cast iron Dutch oven.And that timer! The "timer" on the ActiFry is nothing more than a cheap digital stopwatch. It doesn't turn off the machine. It doesn't allow you to set times for it to turn on. All it does is countdown and beep. The ActiFry would be MASSIVELY improved by a functional timer. I would even use it if I could set it to turn on in the morning, and have roasty toasty home fries ready for me for breakfast when I woke up. But no such luck.The one thing that would have made the ActiFry useful isn't there. At this price point, I expect more.
We've enjoyed using a wonderful copper core stainless cookware set for several years.  Then a year and a half ago, I opted to test theCirculon Contempo 10-piece hard anodized nonstick cookware seteven though my expectations were low.  However, I was surprised by how well the anodized cookware set performed.  When offered the dishwasher safe Circulon Contempo 10-Piece stainless steel nonstick cookware set, I eagerly accepted, not realizing how different these two Contempo sets would be.The Circulon Contempo stainless steel nonstick cookware set, oven safe to 400, is suitable for solid plate, ceramic, gas, radiant ring, halogen, glass and induction cooking surfaces.  This 10-piece cookware set, made in China, comes with 8.5"/21.5 CM and 10"/25.4 CM saut&eacute; pans, 1/0.9 and 2/1.9 Qt/L covered saucepans, a 3 Qt/2.8 L covered sautoir (straight sided saut&eacute; pan), and an 8 Qt/7.6L covered stockpot.  Even though there isnt a lid for the 10" saut&eacute; pan, either the stockpot or covered sautoir lid can be used.  The polished stainless steel exterior encapsulates an aluminum base for superior heat distribution, and uses basic professional construction with comfortable silicone covered stainless steel handles.  The interior of each pot/pan includes a metal utensil safe hard anodized food release system with high low wave technology. Clear shatter resistant tempered glass lids boast decorative silicon and stainless steel handles and stainless steel rims.Caring for this set is pretty simple.  Avoid sliding the pans on the cook top, use a similarly sized burner, and use a low to medium heat setting.  Store pans separated with paper towels to prevent scratching.  Don't use nonstick sprays and keep use of oil to a minimum.  Don't cut with sharp knives or poke with pointed items in the pans.  Don't use oven cleaners; make a paste from baking soda and water to remove stains.The Circulon Contempo stainless steel nonstick cookware set heats up quickly and evenly distributes heat, while the handles stay cool to the touch on the cook top.  The TOTAL food release system consists of circular ridges on the bottom of the pans, and works remarkably well.  Additionally, the polished stainless steel cookware set provides a guaranteed lifetime of performance and satisfaction.The silicone covered long double riveted stainless steel handles provides a good grip and includes a fold out ring for hanging.  The handle rings pop out freely, but are taught to prevent movement while cooking.  The lid's decorative handles flare out at the sides and arc on the top.  This looks nice, but their 2" height is higher than the lids from our copper core set.  This really isn't a problem until placing a pot with this domed lid with 3/4" taller profile handles into the oven.  This makes a big difference in oven rack placement and how much I can fit into our 27" wall ovens.While the glass lids allow full view of the pot's contents, they fit loosely an easily shift on the pans allowing some steam to escape.  The lid problem is largely caused by the pan's construction where the rim flares out so the pan's inner and outer components can be crimped together.  The saut&eacute; pans are sharply curve upwards making flipping food extremely difficult.  Plus, the handles suck up water through an opening on the bottom side where attached to the pan while in the dishwasher.  Later when the pan in resting on a flat surface, the water will leak out causing puddlng and leaving a removable water stain on the stainless steel surface. (See photo)  Even though this set is dishwasher safe, you're practically better off washing them by hand.I liked the polished metal look of these pans when I first unpacked the Circulon Contempo stainless steel cookware set.  Features largely mirrors those of the hard anodized set, plus improved upon it by being dishwasher safe.  After learning of the stainless steel cookware set's flaws, I dislike cooking with them.  The attractive and more economically priced Circulon Contempo 10-piece hard anodized cookware set may not be shiny, but it's by far the better cookware set between the two.  If you're looking for a hassle free quality stainless steel nonstick cookware set, this set isn't it.PROSOven safe to 400TOTAL food release systemSafe for use with metal utensilsUsable on solid plate, ceramic, gas, radiant ring, halogen, glass and induction cook topsFold out ring in handle for hangingCirculon Cooks! iPad appLifetime customer satisfaction guaranteedCONS:Lids fit loosely allowing steam to escapeDecorative handle a bit too tallHandles suck up water in the dishwasher which leaks out later
I was hoping for a resolution helper - the more you know about what you are eating, the more accurately you can control it  And with a competitive athlete in the family, it seemed perfect.  It has earned a place in our kitchen, but not exactly as intended.To use this scale you must enter the food you are weighing.  Simple enough, except that the keypad is like texting on the first phone ever invented - really slow, really laborious - and hilarious. When chocolate registered as chili, we had a new source of endless amusement.The scale is accurate, and that alone is handy.  For someone with more patience and/or dexterity this would be a solid product, but for us, it's become a parlor game.
This scale has a blue screen with darker numbers and unless one is looking at it at the perfect angle, the numbers are invisible.  I found myself craning around to get a good view of it.  Not very convenient.  Also, the input is AMAZINGLY slow.  The food item is input in the same way as a non-smart phone text message, except that it takes literally seconds for each letter to show up - very slow and tedious.  It does start suggesting foods, but I had to input B-U-T-T-E before it suggested butter, and each one of those letters took a long time.  If this has a computer brain it is a very, very small one.I will use this for a postage scale but it is too much of a hassle to use it for cooking.  Two stars for being able to handle up to 11 pounds and for having both metric and English weights.
I was excited to get this, the idea of two brushes seemed like an advantage over my very loved Roomba.  I know that the price of this Dirt Devil product is a fraction of Roomba's, and the stated uses are more limited, but thought I could use it for my upstairs hallway and spare room.  Well, when I opened the box, I found an easy to assemble machine.  Soon I was ready to turn it on.  Well, I hit the switch, and this little vacuum started spinning in circles.  Hmmm, not what was supposed to happen, as I read the instructions, but making larger circles is one of its moves, so I thought it would start spreading out.  A few minutes later, I returned to see it still spinning in a very small circle.  I thought maybe a wheel was stuck, but no.  I checked to see if I could have put the battery in wrong, but not possible.  I decided to call the company, and things went downhill from there.  The representative asked me a few questions, and then told me she doesn't know why it is doing that.  There was no suggestion to return it, no suggestions on what to do.  Finally, I told her that I was given the product to review, to give her a chance to help me make it work.  Nope, she still said she couldn't help me.  If I HAD purchased it, it would have gone back for a refund, since I would be reluctant to deal with a company with such poor customer service.  When my husband got home, since he is handy, I asked him to have a look.  He took it apart and found a wire was unconnected, I would imagine if the company looked at it they could have found this.  So then I tried it again, and wow, it started moving in the patterns described.  Here's where there were some advantages over the roomba.  It is a little lower to the ground, so it can go under more furniture than roomba.  The two brushes do help wit edging and it picked up a decent amount of dirt and pet hair.  But it doesn't work on carpet, the battery only lasts long enough to do a decent sized room, and it randomly shut off a few times.  I was disappointed in this machine, and even more disappointed with the company.
I have gone through many Roombas and a Scooba.  They seem to last a few years and then stop working even with new batteries.  This Dirt Devil was not very good from the start.  Roombas aren't terribly powerful, kind of like a normal Dirt Devil cordless hand vac, but this is even worse.  Save your money.
So take my review with the understanding that I am not the focal buyer for this type of product. I got to try this via the Vine review program. The unit feels terribly light, flimsy and cheap. I charged it up per the instructions and set it down on my kitchen hardwood floor. The little feeler brushes spin which I thought spun the debris away as much as toward the unit. The direction seemed very ineffective and I can't see how the unit would cover all or most of the floor before running out of charge which is supposed to be 20-30 minutes use. I'm not sure how handy it is either because you still have to pick up most obstacles from the floor or the thing is just constantly spinning and trying to go in another direction. It was terribly ineffective at cleaning edges. Sorry, this seems like a novelty item which just doesn't work well enough to be worth it's while. It's cumbersome to find a spot to charge and store it and rather unsightly while doing so. It's vaccuming function seemed inadequate as well-mostly drawing up "dust bunny's" ok, but not so great at sucking up debris. I don't recommend this product.
With this Breville coffee maker, you can program your coffee to make the amount you want, from one single small mug to a 12-cup caraffe, to the intensity you like.  If someone else wants it at a different strength, they can tailor the maker to their tastes for their cup.  You can also program it to freshly grind beans for you in the morning, so you can have a cup of freshly ground coffee, when you want it.  Sounds great, right?Not if you like a good cup of coffee with minimal effort.This thing is a pain.  My husband and I replaced our old Cuisnart maker with this one, and we're not finding it worth it.  First of all, you have to clean the filter between every cup, so if he wants to make a single cup of coffee to his (weaker) tastes, then I have to clean it out and then program it for my stronger cup.  This is a hassle in the mornings.  Especially since you not only have to wash out the filter basket, but also the filter holder, which detaches and has a nozzle of its own that coffee grinds are forever getting stuck in.Plus, while the machine will tell you when to clean out the basket, it doesn't tell you when to clean out the carafe, which means that unless you and your spouse/partner/roommate only use your own mugs, you will accidentally put new coffee in a not-cleaned-out carafe, which is a pain.Plus, given all the things this does tell you -- like how many cups, what intensity, when to clean, how long till your coffee will be ready -- it does not tell you when to fill the hopper with beans, leading you to accidentally make yourself some pretty weak cups of coffee, as I have done, repeatedly.And then, unlike my old Cuisanart, this doesn't include a separate charcoal filter -- you have to make sure the water you pour in there is already filtered, if you want the best-tasting coffee.Which brings me to what is ultimately this machine's greatest failure -- it simply doesn't make great-tasting coffee.  Despite playing often with the buttons to pour cups at various strengths and intensities, I have yet to find a way to make a reliably good cup of coffee.  So this (pretty expensive) coffee maker is a massive FAIL in my book.
This set is actually cute and is a good pretend play set. This is not to be used for actual baking activity. The utensils are small, plastic, and cannot withstand any kind of actual kid learning activity with real food. Get this set if you want a fun pretend play set that you can use in the play room with play dough.
Too small.Only thing it's good for is a toy (not educational).And the best way to teach little ones is to have them help you :)
So, you want to make your own sushi rolls, and to do that you think you need some fancy piece of plastic that has pretty colors?Well, this may help, but if you don't know German forget about reading the instructions. The instructions are on the shelf filed right next to worthless.I guess to me the price point of this items renders it worthless. There are far better options out there that are not only cheaper, but also come with instructions in English. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
I fooled around with this a bit, then gave up, put it away, and forgot about it for a long time.The theory behind this is pretty cool... enable the uninitiated to make their own sushi rolls.In practice, it's really more trouble than it's worth. Why not just use one of the super cheap sushi mats (I can get them at my local -- not even a fancy one! -- grocery store for a couple bucks) and use whole sheets of nori, without having to break them apart, or cut tiny pieces?The novelty of this device might be cool for a girly party or something, I dunno... but for those of you looking to learn how to make your own sushi, I'd suggest just looking up an eHow article, getting the real supplies at your grocery store, and trying from scratch. Just as easy, and more rewarding/useful in the long run.
This machine seems to cause more work than it's worth. Having to trim the nori and ingredients to just the perfect sizeseems to be more trouble than it's worth. The book that comes with it is German. You are left to figure it out from the pictures.Get yourself some bamboo sushi rollers and watch a few youtube videos. You will be much happier.
No English instructions and more difficult to use than it's worth.  Maybe if I had proper instructions I could use it better, but who knows.  The three plastic rollers than come with it don't seem to be any different from each other, other than color.  TheSushezi  Sushi  Made Easyroller is a nice simple roller than works if you have trouble rolling sushi.  I know it's easy enough to use a bamboo mat, but not everyone is able to.  This one doesn't cut it.
Ok, so the apparatus is maybe ok for some small experimenting, but if you want to make lot of good big sushi, you are just better up having a mat, and going old fashioned. There is a youtube video to see how to use it.
UPDATE 1/13/2012 :::::  My mother in law is German, born and raised there, speaks and writes it as her first language.  She laughed when I showed her this thing and jokingly said "Germans don't eat sushi!" :) She then proceeded to try and understand how to work it and said it just didn't make sense.  Worthless.Same complaint as the other reviewers.  I think it'd be awesome if I knew how to read German!My mother-in-law promises to translate it for me, but I'm pretty sure this is not possible for the majority of people so until they include English instructions I can not recommend this product!I'll update my review once I figure out how to work it.Recap: Does NOT contain instructions in English.
I don't know why this pan is advertised as nonstick. I baked a sponge in it and it was next to impossible to get out of the pan. It is also advertised as being easy to clean ... I have soaked this thing in water for hours and there are still sponge residues in the fluted sides.I am disappointed.As for the instructions it came with--everything was in German, so I couldn't follow the one recipe given for this shape of pan.On the plus side, it baked the underneath of the sponge evenly, and it looks very pretty....
I wanted to like this pan, but simply put, it's not leak-proof. Springform pans can be used for many things, but their primary purpose is baking cheesecakes, and of course, flourless chocolate cakes. I see many other uses listed, but I have other pans for those purposes.The basic procedure calls for clamping the side onto the base. Then, if making a cheesecake, either a pastry or cookie crumb crust is pressed onto the bottom, usually going up over the bottom seam where the sides are clamped onto the base and then the batter is poured in. With a flourless cake, there is simply batter, no crust. Next, the springform pan is placed in a pan and boiling water is poured in around the outside of it (water bath) and then it is placed in the oven to bake. To prevent water from seeping in through the seam, the springform pan is usually encased in tin foil before the water is poured in. This being a leak proof pan, I assumed that step would be unnecessary. Wrong.I inspected the pan and it appeared undamaged -- the side fits the base tightly. The unique design features a large base with the center raised and a lip extending beyond the bottom, presumably to catch seepage. When I first saw the pan, I wondered why, if the pan doesn't leak, is there an area provided to catch seepage? Being somewhat of a skeptic, I decided to run a couple of basic tests before potentially ruining expensive cheesecake ingredients.I put about an inch of water in the pan. The seepage lip immediately filled up with water and then over-flowed into the sink. Water is awfully runny, so perhaps a thicker filling would present a better test. So, I emptied the water and filled the bottom of the pan with ketchup to about one half inch thickness. The ketchup did not leak out. Okay, as advertised, no leakage, but the next step involves the water bath, would the ketchup remain untouched or would the water infiltrate the filling? As soon as I poured the water in around the springform pan (an inch of water,) the H2O immediately started to seep into the ketchup.So, the good points of the pan are, unlike most lightweight springform pans, it is a heavier gauge metal. It also has a non-stick finish, although for some people that will not be a plus because extra maintenance is involved. What extra maintenance? Well, non-stick finished pans should not be put in a dishwasher, and metal utensils and harsh scouring pads will damage the finish. Once the finish is damaged it may flake off into the food which is said to be hazardous. At that point, the pan should be thrown away. The five year warranty undoubtedly doesn't apply if the finish isn't handled properly, although I couldn't locate any detail about what the warranty included anywhere to confirm that assertion. The pan would work well for baking a variety of other items, but certainly nothing that requires a water bath or has a watery filling. That said, the pan is quite attractively finished.The negatives are the pan isn't leak proof so the same steps I would take when baking a cheesecake in any springform pan to prevent leakage will need to be done with this pan, too. Additionally, that large lip to catch seepage makes wrapping the bottom in tin foil a bit more difficult because it extends out and away from the sides of the pan so water may have an easier time migrating in since it can't be wrapped tightly.Also, because of its larger base, a correspondingly larger pan is necessary to accommodate the springform in the water bath. And, a small thing, but the product information states there are two different color bases included, but I believe it is only one - and the idea is to flip it over, one color on one side, a different color on the other, but since only one side fits the sides, I fail to see the benefit of stating there are two bases when there is only one, and it can only be positioned one-way. Of course, it is possible that two separate bases are included, and I simply didn't receive one of them, but from reading the other reviews, no one mentioned an additional base.Obviously, if the main purpose of the pan is not to bake cheesecakes or flourless cakes in a water bath, then the leak proof versus not leak proof issue may not present a fatal problem. But, for my purposes, this pan is a disappointment.
I will be honest. I really wanted to like this iron. For several years I have used an iron that drips, runs through water like crazy, and isn't very consistent.Most of the points expressed in the product features are right on.-I can't say that it glides as smoothly, especially on "all fabrics" as the description indicates, but it is reliable.-The steam function is good. Mine has not dripped when the steam function is turned off, and I really haven't had any trouble with bursts of steam causing issues. In fact, the steam function is probably the most reliable function on the appliance.-The auto-off feature works like clockwork.Beyond the features listed, I will also say that it heats up well. I like the indicator light to let me know when it's ready to use. And, the steam function activates smoothly and the levels are clearly marked.All of those features were very preferable to my old iron. But, the frustrations with this new iron far outweigh any issues I had with the old one. Some are simply personal preference.-The auto-off time is too short. I sew a lot, and I often need a warm iron while I sew, but I don't necessarily get back to the iron in under 8 minutes. I personally need an iron that allows at least 15 minutes, if not 30, before turning itself off.-It is impossible to actually turn the iron off. It must be unplugged. If it is not unplugged, it will turn itself off and then must be unplugged and plugged back in before it will come on again. While I understand the safety feature here, this makes the auto-off extremely more frustrating for my sewing sessions.-It has temperature settings, but not fabric settings. Yes, I'll admit, I just need to learn what types of fabric like what levels of heat. But, I also have three children who are learning to sew. I greatly prefer an iron that has the fabric settings not only for my own work, but also for teaching them. With a real purchase, as opposed to a review item like this one, I would definitely look for that feature.The last issue, though, is one that I think is a major and universal flaw with the iron. The water level is VERY hard to see. The iron is solid blue and only very slightly transparent. I have to stand with the light behind me landing just right on the iron in order to have any hopes of seeing the water level.Bottom line: I would not purchase this iron. As a reviewer, I will use it, but I will also look forward to the chance to replace it.
First of all, I am not impressed with the company service.  The auto shut off did not work on the iron I was sent.  I tested the iron over and over to try to get it to turn off.  It would not.  Both when left sitting up and when placed face down it failed to turn off, even after half an hour it was still blazing hot.So, I contacted customer service via email.  After several sets of back and forth emails I was told that I needed to call.  I called and was on the phone for about twenty minutes with a gentleman who was perfectly polite but ultimately could not solve the problem.  He promised to get back to me about what needed to be done to get the iron repaired.  That was a week ago.  I sent another email and still got no answer.  The customer service is not acceptable.** UPDATE:  After several back and forth calls I was told to return the iron and a new one would be sent.  I returned the iron and received a new one two weeks after mailing back the non functioning iron.The iron itself looks really neat, but has several issues.  As others have mentioned, you cannot see the water level in the iron.  You also cannot turn it off unless you unplug it.  The cord is awkward and very stiff.  I also do not like that fact that the temperature gauge does not have any info about the type of material (cotton, nylon), which means a novice would have no idea where to set it.The steam function is nice and works reasonably well to get wrinkles out of hanging clothes.  This is actually the best function of the iron.  It also heats up very fast and the non stick surface slides well and pointy end is useful for small areas of ironing.However, the failure of the auto off function (which could be a safety issue, if you are counting on it to turn itself off) and the inability of customer service to solve the problem make this an undesirable purchase.  If you do buy it, be sure to test that the auto off feature works on your iron.**UPDATE: Replacement iron does auto shut off. The original iron must have been defective.  So please check yours to make sure it works before you trust it to turn off.
I was really looking forward to having a new iron, but for this one, there are more negatives than positives. The one positive is that yes it does get hot and irons nicely and looks good - but in every other attribute it is not so hot.First the instruction booklet is confusing. I never thought pictures could be puzzling, but these are, you have to really study them to figure out what they want you to do, some simple written instructions under the diagrams or labels would have been much more successful.  You find yourself asking what some of these symbols on the directions are supposed to mean.The major drawback is filling it with water. First you have to hold it at about a 45 degree angle, not standing up like every other iron I have ever owned. It is almost impossible to see the water level unless you hold it up to a light bulb, which doesn't work out well when you are refilling it when it is hot. If you overfill it spits and gurgles.Then I wondered why my ironing board cover was pulling and discovered that you have to lift this iron up completely not to get it to drag as you are taking it off the object you are ironing. It has a rubber edge between the upright plate and the iron heel plate itself - so it catches and drags because of this rubber like material. Since it is a heavy iron, I could feel the difference in my arm muscle. The steam pulse which I use for collars and shirt plackets is also weaker than any other iron I have used.I've been ironing many years and never had so many frustrations with an iron as this one.
UPDATED 1/16/2014:We still use this scale for a quick weight check, but once the initial battery died after just a few months, we assumed it was just an old battery that had been sitting in the scale from the factory.  Usually you get good life out of a Li-Ion coin style battery in something like a scale.  However, this thing just chews through batteries. It makes no sense to me.  We use the scale like anyone else, family members get on it for a few seconds every few days or so.  Yet, no matter what brand battery I buy, they go dead after just a couple of months or so, sometimes less.  I don't have that experience in any other device where these batteries are used.  As of today it is dead.  The batteries I've tried are new and work in other devices, but the scale is dead.  While it is inexpensive, I'd avoid it.  It was never very accurate so it was OK for a quick general weight, but it failed prematurely now as well.INITIAL REVIEW:The Omron SC100 Digital Scale is very sleek and exceptionally thin.  It's glass surface is an opaque white.  The glass does not touch the floor.  It is raised by four rubber/plastic pedestals.  It is very low profile, raised about 5/8" off the floor.The SC100 is simple to use.  Take it out of the box, remove the plastic tab which activates the battery, and place it on the floor.  When you step on, the scale activates and displays your weight.The display is large and easy to read even if you normally wear reading glasses, etc.  The display area is about 2 7/8" wide by 1 " high. The display is black on gray LCD.  It is not backlit so you need to use it in a room with normal lighting.  The display is four position (hundreds, tens, ones, and tenths).The scale is advertised as capable of up to 400 pounds.  I have been on it while holding my Golden Retriever, which amounts to 295 pounds.  So the glass surface appears strong.My lone criticism of the scale, and it's a big one, is accuracy.  The main purpose of a scale is to weight things accurately.  The SC100 is very sensitive to the floor surface on which it sits.  I have tried it on several floors, both hardwood and tiled.  The scale varies too much in the weight it displays.  Even using it on a new hardwood floor in a newly built, level room, the scale varies.  I'm not talking about  or  a pound.  The SC100 will vary by about 3 pounds, sometimes more, when put in different spots on the same smooth, level surface.That, to me, is unacceptable.  So this scale is inexpensive, and it'll give you an approximate weight.  But if you need a scale which is accurate, for weight loss, weight gain, or sports weighing, look elsewhere.  3 or 4 pounds is too much variance.So if you can live with the variance, this is a very nice looking, inexpensively priced scale.  If you need more accuracy, look elsewhere.
I was so excited to try this kitchen tool but it failed all so many levels for me. My daughter and I attempted to slice the pineapple but we couldn't even get it started. My husband was able to make it work but he even said it was very difficult and but he got a work out.  The pineapple was mushed from force of slicing. I will return to cut the pineapple the old fashion way ....
I feel embarrassed to be giving this slicer such a poor review...so many others seem to like it.  But compared to the Vacu Vin stainless steel slicer I had been using, this OXO slicer is a big disappointment.  OXO has a great reputation, and I have a lot of their kitchen tools that I can't live without, but I don't think I'll use this slicer again.Here's what I found:1) Most notably, the slicer seemed to mangle the pineapple.  When I finished "slicing", I was left with a big mess...nothing like the clean cut spiral shown on OXO's packaging.  Part of the problem, I think, is that the slices are too thin.  Perhaps this is because the slicing disc is made of plastic.  Perhaps it was operator error (maybe I should have pushed harder?).  Whatever the reason, I did not have this problem with the Vacu Vin slicer.  With the Vacu Vin, the slices were thick and cleanly cut (and the slicer included a wedger to quickly turn the slices into chunks).2) The "ratcheting" feature of this slicer seemed to be more of a gimmick than a convenience.  Purportedly, the reason for the ratcheting handle is so that the user doesn't need to let go of the slicer between turns.  However, if the slicer did a better job of cutting into the pineapple in the first place, then letting go of the slicer wouldn't be an issue: after a half turn, the slicer SHOULD be embedded firmly enough to let go...at least that was my experience with the Vacu Vin slicer.The Vacu Vin is a bit more expensive than the OXO (nearly double the cost at the time of this review), but it is worth every penny.  After getting the Vacu Vin, I immediately ordered a second one as a gift.  I would NOT want to give this OXO pineapple slicer to anyone.  Overall, I still trust the OXO brand, but do not recommend this slicer.
The concept of this pineapple slicer is great, but the execution is poor.  The "blades" are too fat to slice pineapple without creating pineapple puree.  The slice is not thick enough to hold together when the second layer is done.  I did about 1/2 a pineapple, following the directions carefully, and determined that I was not getting slices, but mush.  I will not be using this again as it wastes food and does not live up to expectations.
This lovely little pot (it is beautiful) was packed very well in a strong cardboard box with each glass pieces separately bubble wrapped.  Nevertheless there was a linear crack from the rim to the handle and a chip out of the spout.  I will not be able to use this.  Because of the location of the crack, I don't even want to risk putting hot water in it, let alone try it out on the stove top or in the microwave.  I have used smaller versions of this kind of pot before and really like them - I just have to say when you receive your pot, check it over carefully before accepting it because the quality may be uneven.
I've been entranced by flowering teas for years, so I was looking forward to reviewing this teapot set, and hoping I could start using these sets as client gifts. The pot is nicely made, and I have no great complaint about the tea itself (except the height mismatch, as others have noted), but the strainer for loose tea is so poorly made as to be unusable.The glass strainer/infuser insert has three slits on each of four sides, which is a typical design for this kind of device.  The edges of these slits, however, are a mass of chips and cracks (see my picture above). I would *never* pour boiling water over glass that had been finished this badly, and in fact the instructions for the pot say to not use any part if it has been chipped.The form factor of the insert is slightly different from the picture, so maybe the manufacturer has changed their supplier. Or maybe the factory is working so hard it doesn't have time to swap out a worn grinding wheel. I don't know. What I do know is that I would never give this brand as a gift, and I will probably be leery of using the pot itself until it's been through burn-in period. If one piece is this badly done, I have a hard time trusting the others.
The teapot:Impossible to pour without dribbling. Failed its main function.Some rough spots on handle.The tea:No taste, no instructions (it said green tea so I used 175 degree water and steeped for a few minutes and go no (or bad) taste.I can't recommend.
The glass teapot is small, delicate and looks cute. However, the photo is deceptive and the real thing is flatter and more narrow. It can hold, at most, three servings of tea. The glass is thin and rather fragile looking, so I would be careful in how you handle it.The set comes with a glass infuser and two kinds of tea (both are in round raffan containers) - one has individually wrapped "flower/tea pods" and the other has loose tea leaves.The photo shows a pretty tea flower blossoming. In reality, I had trouble getting the pods to look as pretty as this. All the flower pods come in a little foil packet. After tearing one open and dumping the pot into hot water, I waited five minutes. Soon, it blossomed but the flower looked flat and unattractive- instead it looks like a tiny octopus sea creature with buds and several tendrils of leaves. I tried making it look better by swirling my spoon inside the pot but had only mixed results.The tea itself is weak, not as strong as other green teas I've had and certainly weaker than Mighty Tea, Tazo and other brand name teas.What a disappointment - this is one of those sets that people buy for the look of the thing, rather than what it actually gives you.
I'm uncertain if I received a dud of a pot, but I could not fit anywhere near 40 oz of water. Even with no tea or infuser in the pot, four cups filled it pretty much to the brim. Pouring tea out of the pot, it dripped nearly every time and I would always have to have a paper towel handy. The tea itself was unpleasantly strong in the floral element. I felt as if someone had laced the tea I was drinking with perfume. To get the flower to bloom to its full extent, you have to leave it soaking in water for over 3-5 minutes (recommended brewing time for tea) so I advise having a separate container to hold the tea brewed the first 3-5 minutes and then refill the pot holding the flower with new hot water to let it finish blooming so you can fully enjoy the beauty of the tea flower and still enjoy not over-brewed tea. I just let the second batch of water sit until the pot of tea is finished since the brew is weaker. Though I love tea flowers, I'm not a fan of this combination of pot and tea.
The claims of this mug are to eliminate common problems  (of the tea drinker) and to make brewing fun and easy.  For me, this was just one more step in making tea that was unnecessary.  The mug felt like cheap plastic and the silicone did not stay on well.  I would rather just use a spoon to take out my tea bag than mess with putting a lid on a stringing the tea bag through the slot.
I picked up this tea mug by Primula for my wife, who drinks tea at the office.  I'd bought her large coffee mugs in the past from Starbucks, but the plastic mugs got stained over time and became difficult to clean.The double walled glass of the Primula mug keeps the tea warm for longer and allows you to hold the mug safely.  The glass is rather thin, but appears pretty durable.The tea bag buddy is a nifty idea and works great.  It holds the tea bag securely, without having to tie it around the handle.  When it's done steeping, you just lift the tea bag buddy out and grip the tea bag with it.  You can lay it down upside down to hold the used tea bag without making a mess.  It's a lot less messy than using a paper towel or napkin to hold the tea bag.The Primula Double Wall Glass Mug w/Tea Bag Buddy is a great value because it works extremely well.  My wife uses it at work daily and loves it.  I highly recommend the mug for tea lovers.* 1/1/2012 UPDATE *Unfortunately, while I was washing the mug today, I heard, then saw a crack where the bottom of the handle is attached to the body of the mug.  Our initial happiness with the mug has soured because of how fragile this mug seems to be.  Too bad too, because my wife really has enjoyed using it.
I used this cup every day after I got it for my morning coffee in addition to the tea I often drink. Because I get ready for work and drink my coffee at the same time, it has a tendency to cool off before I drink the whole cup. The combination of the double walled glass cup and the silicone topper really helped hold the heat for me.About one month into use, I noticed a small crack above where the handle is attached. Within a couple of days, the cup had shattered. I never smashed the cup into anything else or set it down super hard on a surface, just normal use. I don't know what the issue was, maybe I just got a bad cup.I still use the topper with normal cups and it does help hold the heat. I recommend saving a few dollars and just getting the topper, not the cup!
I received this item through the Amazon Vine Program. The product makes a couple of claims as to why you should want to have it.  First, that it keeps your tea or other beverage hotter (or colder) and second, that it has a lid that allows you to make tea easier.When you first look at this cup you think, man, is this baby really large!  In comparison to a large mug that holds the same amount of liquid, this cup is at least 20 percent larger.  The handle is especially large, which is fine if you have very large hands, but could be an issue if your hands are not large.  The handle is even larger than most large mugs.Ok, esthetics aside, does it keep a beverage warmer?  After all, it is an insulated glass cup by design.  Unfortunately, the answer here is no, it does not.  At first I thought it was just my imagination that it was not keeping my drink hot.  So, I got out my instant read thermometer and a large mug that holds the exact amount of liquid that this new cup does.  I filled both with 125 degree water and let them set for two minutes and then emptied out the cups and filled them again with 125 degree water.  After 12 minutes, both cups had fallen to 115 degrees.  So, there is no difference in the ability of this cup to keep things warm over a regular ceramic mug.What about the cover, does it make brewing tea easier?  The top is made of a silica like material that is very flexible.  It has a place for a tea bag string to pass through and then there is a slot across the top for the string to be placed into.  This keeps the tea bag from falling all the way into the glass.  Of course, you could accomplish this same thing by making a pass around the cup handle with the tea bag string.The cover does keep the steam in the cup, but that also means that condensation forms on the lid which will roll off onto you or your paperwork if you are not careful!  By pulling up on the string you raise the tea bag up and then you can flex the lid to grab and squeeze the tea bag.  This works just fine with the exception noted above with respect to moisture rolling off of the lid.All in all, I do not see any benefit to buying this cup unless you just happen to like the cup design and you have very large hands.  While I do have very large hands, I find the cup to be less than comfortable in my grip.I would not recommend this item.
How on earth did we drink tea until we had a silicone hat to put on our tea cups? Obviously quite well, but this is the question the Tea Bag Buddy infomercial poses to use.As a daily tea drinker I'm willing to concede that the silicone hat does help retain the heat, but I drink my tea fast enough that I've never really had a problem with it becoming too cool. In fact, speaking of heat, I've found that the silicone hat can get pretty warm, and if you put it on right after you pour the hot water into the mug and take it off a few minutes later, you can get a pretty hot blast of steam.I'm sure many people love products like this and will dismiss my review as being cynical, but I think my tea drinking life will go on just fine without using the Tea Bag Buddy.For this much money, you'd be better off a nice tea infuser so you can enjoy the huge variety of tea that does not come in a bag (and buying loose leaf tea is substantially cheaper than tea bags).
Having been raised by an English grandmother, I do enjoy my daily cup of tea  :)  I wanted to try the glass mug with the tea bag buddy and I did.  I have a Keurig coffee maker and I used the hot water from that....I was almost afraid to use boiling water because the glass mug just looks fragile. (I did use boiling water the next time & it was okay). The tea looks nice in the mug!I am one of those people who pour the boiling water over the tea bag, wait a few minutes; squeeze the bag against a spoon and then discard it so the tea bag buddy is more or less useless for me and I drink my tea hot so I don't need a mug with a little 'cozy' on top.  The tea bag buddy will fit on other cups, just in case the glass mug eventually breaks, or you don't use the glass mug and need a tea bag 'holder'.I will alternate using a stoneware mug and the glass mug.  I have used it a number of times and am getting more comfortable using a cup I can see through :)  It is easy to clean which is a big plus for me.I think this would be a very nice gift to be included with various teas, biscuits, etc and/or for an office desk or for anyone who just likes 'different'....It is cute and the tea bag buddy is great for a situation where a tea bag cannot be readily disposed of.......or, if you have a home, as I do, with furry pets and don't want to leave a cup of tea or coffee, for that matter, uncovered on the table or counter while you are not standing there, it's a great cup 'protector' :)UPDATE JANUARY 22, 2013 - I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS BASED ON WHAT HAPPENED TO ME THIS MORNING WHILE WASHING IT BY HAND....THE HANDLE CAME AWAY FROM THE CUP CAUSING IT TO CRASH INTO THE SINK IN A ZILLION PIECES. I AM SO GRATEFUL I WASN'T CUT BY THE SHARDS! SOME WENT INTO THE GARBAGE DISPOSAL. WHAT IF I HAD JUST BEEN WALKING THROUGH A ROOM CARRYING THE CUP WHEN IT DID THAT OR TAKING A SIP OF TEA?????? WOW! No more glass mugs for me!
The progressive brown sugar keep seals tightly and comes with a terracotta disk that needs to be soaked for 15 minutes every three months. The keeper seals tightly. the terracotta ring sits on two rubber rings that makes it a little tricky to push back on.The directions say to scoop the brown sugar, then level it on the side of the keeper, which will only work once some of it has been used and there is space to squish it. The flour keeper came with a level on top, which would have been nice on this one.Not a bad brown sugar keeper, good sturdy material and clasp, the disk can either be reattached to the top or actually mixed in with the brown sugar, according to the directions.*Edited three weeks later. After using this for three weeks I've downgraded my stars to two. I've never had problems with dry lumpy brown sugar and I live in New Orleans, a humid swamp! In fact, I've kept brown sugar in 7 states and South Korea, in storage bags like ziploc or glad, and never had lumpy brown sugar. Within three weeks of use with this brown sugar keeper I have horrible huge clumps of hardened sugar. I still think it's a nice container for maybe my powdered sugar, just toss the disk, but for brown sugar storage this is a washout for me.
This clear, plastic container really does hold a 5 pound bag of flour.  Now it can keep my scoop measure WITH my flour!  It has a great seal to ensure freshness, and the plastic leveller is genius!  It's not terribly cheap, but you only need one!  It makes accessing flour SO much easier.  Great product.  I love it!!Update:  I took away three stars today.  I pulled out my cannister to use it for the first time, and noticed that the bottom corner was chipped, cracked and leaking a small amount of flour.  I realize this probably happened in shipping, and it happens, but I'm disappointed because it would be costly to try to return it.  I'll try to locate and contact the shipper and let you know if they cooperated in replacing it.
I'll give the Progressive International Flour Keeper with Built in Leveler two stars because the item contained is viewable and the canister securely seals for storage of dry goods.  I'll deduct 3 stars because it sliced my [dry] thumb knuckle when opening the latch (on the canister latching edge), it's a pain to dry after washing, it's difficult to lift and move, and it's expensive for a single plastic container.  It does hold a maximum of five pounds after a little shaking and some may find the leveler an asset.  It didn't impress me even after I'd used enough flour from the contained full five pound sack to allow it being accessed.  I find that this embellishment wastes more time to get the flour keeper dry than the time it takes to level a measuring cup with a flat knife.  I cannot recommend this product and will use mine for storing something that I seldom use in the pantry.  I'll continue using my Tupperware products and glass jars for flours which I use regularly.
The Fluf I HEART YOU lunch bag is too small to fit a water bottle and a lunch, and snack in it. It may be okay for food alone.  The material is rough feeling, kind of like a potato sack.  The handles are awkward and with items in the bag, irritated my fingers carrying it. I used it once.
I have two young children, so needless to say, our carpets need a little extra loving care. This Hoover Steam Vac worked wonderfully for the first few months and then it just randomly stopped working . . .which is more than a little bit frustrating. The spin brushes just stopped spinning one day in the middle of cleaning my carpets. When it worked, it did a great job cleaning my carpets, I think it performed just as well as the more expensive Hoover Carpet Cleaner (although I wish it had a separate section for the cleaning solution like the Dual V Cleaner does - when you have to mix it with the water, you run the risk of having to throw out the cleaning solution along with the extra water if you don't use it all up at that time . . .and that cleaning solution is rather pricey). I found that I could clean about 2/3 of my living room with one tank of water. If you are cleaning a fairly large room, you will probably need to refill the tank at some point. I wish I could give this product a shiny, fantastic review . . . but I can't. I was rather disappointed and will probably choose a different brand of carpet cleaner in the future (This is the second Hoover I've owned that has broken down in less than a year).
I cannot recommend this product because it fails in its primary purpose: cooking rice.  I tried several variations--I tried several types of rice with different water levels.  Nothing worked.  This is the first time I have been able to both overcook and undercook rice simultaneously--the rice was hard on the bottom because it burnt into the bottom of the pot and hard on top because it was undercooked.  It also frequently bubbled out of the top, resulting in a big mess needing more cleanup than it is worth.Since I cannot get the rice right, I did not even try the saut&eacute; function.  If this had worked it would have been a nice, convenient way to free up stovetop space on busy cooking days.  However, the best pot of rice is still made the normal way:  1 c of white rice, 2 cups of water, 1 TB of butter/margarine, a pinch of salt, and 20 minutes on the stove at the right temperature makes a perfect pot of rice almost every time.  The only thing that worked for me on this device was the reheat function for leftover rice.
This is the simplest rice maker I have used, and unfortunately, that doesn't work in its favor. It has three main options- warm, cook, saute. There is no on/off switch, which means plugging it in turns it on and therefore it can't be left plugged in for convenience. The other issue is the lack of difference for brown and white rice, which have very different cook times. This left my brown rice too firm and my white rice mushy. The cooker eventually shuts off to "warm", but the warm feature was way too hot and burned the rice on the bottom, so I had to unplug it (no off!).The actual physical pot is actually quite nice (hence the two stars). It is a nice solid piece that lifts out of the cooker with ease. The lid was my biggest issue, though. It doesn't secure down and has no rubber gaskets around the edge, so when the water inside gets hot, not only does it fly through the steam hole, it also bubbles and leaks out all the edges and dribbles in a hot gooey mess on your counter top. A simple latch with rubber gaskets to form a seal would have solved that problem.Overall, I am not impressed with this cooker. I have an Aroma cooker that is about the same price and has all the missing features I detailed here: latching lid, white/brown choice, on/off switch, etc. The only thing this cooker has that beats the Aroma is the nice pot insert. No enough for me to buy this, though.
Sadly I was extremely disappointed with the performance of the DB-Tech Multi-Purpose Steam Cleaner. I don't know if I received a lemon, but it just did not get the water hot enough to make any effect on anything. For example I tried it on my smooth surface stove and the inner nylon ring on the oven door that had spills from foods. I followed the instructions and waited till steam came out of the nozzle when the steam button was pressed. I even allowed the unit to sit for 15 minutes and that did not make any difference.We tried it a number of times and finally gave up. The water does not last very long and I was constantly refilling it. I believe I spent more time filling it up and waiting for it to be ready than actually using it.The only positive thing it has going for it is the variety of attachments it comes with. It has an attachment to work with almost anything, from clothing to windows!** I was given a unit to test and evaluate in exchange for an honest review**
I was really looking forward to using these on my Pur DS-1800Z, but they are the wrong size. I don't have any Brita products so I cannot test these.  Too bad, they seemed like they would be a decent replacement.
Note: I loved Eureka's Model 313A so much my review has almost 6000 helpful votes on it. Now that we have two homes I'm in the market for a second steam mop and so far nothing outperforms Eureka's model 313A, including this one. They went cheap on this one. I dislike many things about it although I was a raving fan for their first model.Here is my original review comparing steam mops that I wrote years ago. I have updated it to compare this mop as well:Know going in If you get the Envirosteamer 313A or this one, model 150A, know that, though the 313A cleans the best, the first two times you use both of them the water goes through holes faster than it will in subsequent uses, so it will go through steam faster and your floors will be wetter than normal. Enough people wrote me to know this happened the first one or two times as it did my first time of use,  then after that the mop was normal, our floors are great  and it lasts waaayh longer. We don't know why.  Just know that going in.  After the first two initializing uses it steams perfect! Also obviously the steam lasts longest if you don't hold the mop above the floor to walk to another area since the steam pours out as it will with any steam mop if you do.Also note: the reason some mops aren't all 212 degrees is the tank is on the handle rather than the base so the steam cools prior to it reaching the floor. It becomes steam at 212. But doesn't stay there.There have been several updates to this review as I got to compare other mops.Original review:I live in a neighborhood where EVERY home is "green built certified" this means that, to have that certification, the builder built no homes with carpet. All the main floors are polished concrete and the upper floors wood. The bathrooms all have tile and/or slate in every home.Because of this, as you could imagine, steam mops are quite the neccessity...not only because they get the hard surfaces better than anything else, but because they are also "green" and clean chemical free. I'll be honest, for us...that's a bonus but we weren't cleaning chemical free before. We like chemical free for our pet's paws but I'll confess I was mopping with chemicals before I got my steamer and just kept the pets out of the room while doing it because, up until then, I couldn't get it clean any other way.Okay, so that said...we decided to have a steamer show down to compare 7 different steamers because my friends and I knew as long as we are in these homes we are gonna have to have a steamer to get all these hard floors clean...we may as well figure out which one to buy next go round. Because my own home is graced with 2 cats, 3 dogs, and two gregarious cooks, my kitchen floor (which had not ever been cleaned by a steamer since my steamer had just arrived) was the testing spot.Mind you, I vaccuum twice per week and do a mega mop twice a week. I THOUGHT I had pretty clean floors in spite of my pet capacity.I thought wrong. These picked up dirt so well it's scarySo here's the results:1. steam mops are the mac daddys of clean floors. What these things picked up was tremendous and no comparison to my vigorous prior constant major mopping.2. So now I'll break down the elements of each mop we used and then go into more detail about each at the end.We tried out:"S": The shark by Europro"E" The Envirosteamer 313A by Eureka"H" the haan steamer"M" the Monster"B" The Bissell Green Tea"SF" The SteamFast SF-140 by SteamFast"SB" The SteamBoy T1E2 Eureka's new 2013 mop called "Two In One" or the 150 SeriesCORD LENGTH: so you don't have to stop and unplug and replug in somewhere else:Shark ( will be referred to as S):20 feetEnvirosteamer (will be referred to as E): 25 feet *Note* The Envirosteamer has a clip at the top of the handle to keep the cord out of the way. When it's plugged in and you need more cord length, a light tug undoes this cord on the clip so that you have the full 25' of cord. Otherwise it's only around 20 feet. It's made to do this.Haan: (will be referred to as H)19'8"Monster (will be referred to as M): 25 feetBissell (will be referred to as B) 17 feetSteamFast (will be referred to as SF): 18.7 ft.SteamBoy (will be referred to as SB): 16 ft.Eureka Model 150 Two In One; 20 feetSTEAM TEMPERATURE: this is a primary element. The hotter the steam, the more dirt picked up and hot steam will also kill parasites, mold and mildew and loosen more dirt:S 110 degrees. lameE 220 degrees. very hotH 212 degrees. very hotM 266 degrees. hottest...although the envirosteamer and haan seemed plenty hot enough. The shark didn't clean nearly as well and this was one reason. 110 degrees just isn't going to melt off stuck on grime.B 125 degrees. Note that, because of this low steam temperature the manual said that if I wanted to sanitize the floor or pick up caked on spills, I had to hold the steamer on the spot for 15 seconds but no more than 20 because that could damage some floors. Now I don't know about you, but if I can sanitize with one swipe of the other steamers because of their sanitizing temps my floor will be done WAY faster but I don't have a timer to worry about the extra 5 secons where my wood floors could get damaged. My sink water is hotter than this so it would take less time to use a regular mop if I have to hold the steamer on every spot of my floor for 15 seconds to santize. Just sayinSF: 137 degrees. Not hot enough to clean well nor sanitize.SB: 120 degrees. Not hot enough to clean well nor sanitizeE2: 208 degrees. Very hot but this one allows you to adjust the steam for low or high steam, unlike the 313A.BUILD:We found how it was made corresponded with issues with the steamer. The Shark, for example, was quite flimsy and they actually sell replacement handle kits because so many people have issues with the handle breaking! We know this because my neighbor's shark broke and the store had a replacement handle kit on the shelf because he said "it happens often". That's an extra cost.Envirosteamer 313A: Was 5.4 lbs which made it lightweight but strong enough that you didn't have to press down to clean. Very well made and strong partsHaan: not made as well as the envirosteamer but it's more expensive so this was a surprise. A bit flimsy and you need to press down on it more to clean at 3.15 lbs.Monster: hefty and well made at 9 lbs but a bit too heavy unless you want a good workout. (Note: They have changed the Monster handles on the mops now and they are all plastic and people are having breakage issues)Bissell: It's 8.4 pounds but that includes a water filter that you have to get for this one (see notes below)SteamFast: very flimsy plastic all over, but it's also more affordable than the other mops so it's a bit of a trade off. 7 lbs.SteamBoy: They didn't even ship this preassembled like the other mops. We had to assemble it! Pretty flimsy plastic. 9 lbs but that includes the water filter you have to get with this one (see notes below)Eureka's New mop Model 150 Two In One: They went cheap on the new mop. The metal is gone and it's as flimsy as can be.  Their new mop is just like the Shark.Cheap. Plastic. WHY?WATER CAPACITY: Very important because having to stop and add more water just adds on to the time you have to spend cleaning, especially if you are cleaning a hallway or livingroom or some other area that has no sink:S: only holds up to 10 oz of water. Lasted for 10 miinutes of cleaningE: holds up to 20 oz. of water. Lasted for over 20 minutes of cleaning (we stopped at 20 and it was still going)H: holds up to 11.83 oz of water. Lasted for 13 minutes of cleaningM: holds up to 17 oz. of water. Lasted for 15 minutes of cleaningB: holds up to 13 oz of water, lasted for 12.5 minutes of cleaning AND you have to undo and remove the tank from the machine every time you fill it up then hook it back on and the steam tank is on the handle rather than the base so the steam doesn't flow directly out after heating up which may explain why it's not as hot once it leaves the machine. The way this mop is made the water flows past heating elements which can, according to Bissell, develop calcium deposits on it so this is the only mop where, because of this, you also have to use a water filter with it and replace the water filter when there is build up which means and extra 12 bucks every few months. The better mops are made to heat the water in a metal tank so this is not an issue and you pour the water directly into the tank.SF: Holds the least amount of water and I had to stop and fill up and get the water reheated often in trying to clean the floor. Only holds 8 oz of water and if you use 8 oz it gets your floor too wet so we wound up filling it with just up to 7.5 oz of water for best results and it only lasted 7 minutes when we did that before we had to refill again.SB: up to 24 oz BUT it only lasted for 12 minutes of cleaning. I think because of the build. This one also is made so that the water has to flow past heating elements down the handle, rather than flowing directly from a hot tank to the floor at the base. Because of this it can develop calcium deposits inside the mop so you have to also buy a water filter for this mop and replace it every few months when there is build up which means extra cost and, quite possibly, more repairs. Because this does not flow directly out of a hot tank it cools on the way down and possibly with this one evaporates somehow because we tried it twice and the steam simply didn't last as long as it should.E2: Holds 16 oz of water and lasted for 12 minutes of cleaning on high setting. (I know that Eureka says it holds 10 oz of water and lasts 15 minutes but I measured the water to the fill line and watched the time. I disagree.)STEAM HOLES: We found a difference although you'd think they'd all be the same. The shark and this model 150A only had one hole that the steam came out of so it wasn't cleaning things on the edges, just in one spot. All the others had steam coming from bottom and sides. Steamboy also didn't have holes near the edge. Update: I hate the holes on this new Eureka called Eureka Two In One. It has a triangle at the bottom that holds the now cheap pads on and the steam only comes out the middle. Just like the Shark I hated. Stick with the Eureka 313A. You only get a tiny area on the pad on this one that cleans whereas their old model the entire big pad sucked up dirt and the pads on the 313A are far superior. These are cheap awful pads and on the old mop you could even clip on hand towels if you had more cleaning to do and ran out of pads.SIZE: The taller it is the less stooping, the wider the mop head, the more it coversS: 40"Hx12"Wx7"DE: 50"Hx13.25"Wx6.75"D (the fact that this depth was smaller made it reach under applicances better...it fit better under things)H: 50.5x11.5x7.5M: 48x12.7.5B: 45.25H (this was uncomfortably short) x11 x8.4 (even though this didn't fit under cabinets because of the depth it did swivel the best)SF:49x11.8x7SB: 28.2x6.9x7.9E2:47.5x11x6.5Conclusion of comparison: First it must be pointed out that, in order to use the shark and the Bissell and the SteamBoy, you had to keep pumping the water. This was the most annoying feature of anything...the others just steamed on their own and didn't wear out your fingers. Hated this feature of the shark and Bissell and SteamBoy. We liked that the Monster, the Shark, the Envirosteamers, the SteamFast and the Bissell came with 2 cleaning pads rather than one. The Haan only came with one at the time of the review (I double checked since when she bought hers it was also only one and as of today, that hasn't changed) so that ups the price even more because I can't imagine only wanting one to clean. All worked well on sanitizing mattresses and showers. too.But the winner picked by all of us unanimously as the mop we want to have for our next steam mop order?The Eureka Envirosteamer 313A. It picked up the most dirt, was made as well as the Monster but was less expensive, held the most water, emitted the most very hot steam so it sanitized as well, lasted 3 times as long with one water resevor fillup as the others, and had a cord as long as the monster. BUT if you have carpets than I would recommend the Monster because it has a carpet attachment that allows you to steam clean your carpets and it picked up pretty close to the same amount of dirt as the Eureka Envirosteamer, and had close to the same features...a bit heavier though but that may make it last even longer. It is costlier, but to clean 2 surfaces I would think that might make it worth it.UPDATE: The Haan just started including 2 pads with the mop according to the product description page. Not that this changes our opinion since it didn't work as well and the parts were flimsier, but it should be noted that this issue of not having enough cleaning pads has now been resolved and is equal to the other mops.ANOTHER UPDATE: 1. The Shark came out with a new machine that holds more water and has a longer cord BUT it still only heats the water to 110 degrees so it won't sanitize or get rid of trapped grime at this "bathwater" temperature.Also: Don't spend money buying extra pads for the Eureka 313A. I was in a pinch and used a kitchen dish towel...the rectangular kind...just clip on both ends. It worked just as good or better...because they are thinner so the steam penetrates faster and therefore reaches the floor hotter. However, I would recommend still only using the thick pads that come with it for your wood floors just to be safe. But the super hot steam penetrating the dish towel worked excellent on tile and hard floors. Also, you can flip both the towel and the pads that come with it on the Eureka 313A to double the usage...when it gets dirty, just flip it over and use the other side. I use several old dish towels with this but I like best the kind that just have a bit of texture but no squares sewn on them...but they all work great. So do the pads. Note: You can't do any of this with this new Eureka Model 150A.WHY YOU WANT THE TANK ON THE BOTTOM/MOP HEAD: All steam starts out at 212 degrees. Some mops increase the heat from there. Some mops heat the water up, then it has to travel down tubes and get to the base, and then leave the holes, which results in a cooling process. This can also result in calcium deposits along that piping which eventually clogs the waterflow or makes you buy and store filtered water to use in the mop. On mops like the Envirosteamer 313A, the water is heated in a stainless steel tank at the base of the mop and flows directly out onto the floor instantly with no traveling through the mop so it leaves the mop steaming hot. Put your hand over a cup of coffee directly at the top of the coffee. That's hot steam. Now move your hand waaaay up above the coffee cup where there is still steam but it is further from the heat source due to traveling. It's cooler steam. The mops are no different. Plus putting the weight at the head of the mop puts the preasure on the pad, not the handle you have to push. On this new Eureka 150A they moved the tank to the handle and the water is no longer as hot.CLOTHS: I like 100 percent cotton better than microfiber. Microfiber streaks. Although some complain about the Envirosteamer's pads shrinking they are meant to. I wash em in hot water. They'll fit perfect after they shrink so don't even be concerned. (they are cotton and quite absorbant.)
This steam mop is flimsy, and the pads do not stick readily to the floor-piece.  The cord is a bit short.  The handle is short for a normal height adult, and one must bend over to make a real effort to move it across the floor.  The second star is only because it did produce steam, and smeared up soil, but not thoroughly or easily.
Pros - It's a really pretty color and it's really easy to assemble.Cons:Product doesn't stand up, it's always sliding one way or another.Pad doesn't stick to the mop head as well as it should.Steam is very hot but seems like it's all in the air and not so much on the floor.It seems tough to push across the floor. I'm not sure if this is because of the pad type or what?  Feels like pushing rubber on rubber.Handle is large - so you're pushing this thing back and forth and holding onto a handle that's larger around than a half dollar.  The grip is entirely too big.Finished floor and removed pad to see how much dirt was "picked" up.  I can see evidence around the outside edges but nothing in the center.  This tells me one of two things - the steam is coming around the edged, not center and/or the center doesn't have enough thickness to wash the floor thoroughly.Cord seems to be long enough for my purposes and the tank is easy on/easy off --- but on the small side.All in all, I can't recommend it.  I would tell you to check out my favorite ---BISSELL Powerfresh Steam Mop - DA BOMB!
These pans are very thin. They heat up fast, but that's the only good thing about it. Coating is not durable. I did not use any metal utensils on this, but it already has some scratches after just a couple of times, that I used it.
Yikes.  Other than the color, which is nice, this is a sad set of sheets.  I wanted to rave, because the price seems very good and sheets are usually so expensive.  But I think the cheap is the first and last thing you'll think of when you look at these.Taking them out of the pack I saw many long and loose threads.  This is the first sign of cheap, because the stitching underneath the serging on the pillowcases was not trimmed off by the manufacturer.  So I had to clean them up by picking up all the loose threads and snipping a few too.  Single stitching throughout except for serging at the main seams of the fitted sheet and pillowcases. I checked my other sheets and all seems had more substantial stitching and serge sewing at ALL seams.  The thing is, if the threads are coming out already, what's going to happen when I wash these (I'll update the review if anything un-seam-ly happens (har).There is a nice looking embroidery line on one side of the pillow cases, but they couldn't take it all the way around to both sides?  Again, cheap.Then there's the feel.  This may be less objective and more subjective, because I really like smooth sheets.  Not satin, but smooth and crisp sheets. These are microfiber, which has a bit of a nap to the fabric (nap!)...it's almost like a micro-velvet feel, like moleskin fabric.  So, when I lay on it, it didn't feel smooth and sleek. Perhaps in winter months this would feel good, but on a hot day these felt like the weave/nap was crawling on my skin. This felt clingy.  Check out microfiber, in any case, before you buy...it IS popular to some so you  may like it.These are definitely softer than a muslin finish but nothing like a 400 or 600 thread count set.  In any case, there are better sets on Amazon that yes, cost more, but also feel better.  The Pinzon brand has good stuff: I've bought two sets that have washed well and felt amazing.Pinzon Hemstitch 400-Thread-Count Egyptian Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set, Smokey Blue
I was excited to get these because I was under the misunderstanding that these were 1500 THREAD COUNT sheets, but that is not the case. They are simply called 1500 SERIES and are not 1500 thread count. Needless to say I feel duped by these and I think that the manufacturer should have clarified this for buyers. But no where in the package or on the tags (which simply state "Queen") do they actually tell us what the thread count is. I can tell you from experience that these sheets are really thin and cheap feeling.These don't just feel cheap, but they also are manufactured cheaply and the seam work is shoddy. There are pulled threads all throughout the set. Even the piping is not level. (I'll see about posting a pic.)The color in the picture is also off. These are much more coppery. It's a pretty color and my wife liked it but it isn't the same as the picture which looks much more rich brown. If you don't mind the more orangy/ coppery color then you'll be fine.If I bought this for $10 at Big Lots I'd be happy with it because I'd expect it to be cheap like this. But for the cost on Amazon I expect better.
Yuck.  I am so disappointed in these sheets!  Beyond their unpleasant color (not a mocha....more like, well, feces brown), the real problem is their cheap quality.Although they are called '1500 series', please don't think that these are 1500 thread count sheets.  For one thing, they aren't cotton but a microfiber.  For another, they do not remotely have that dense but soft feeling that a high thread count sheet does.Instead, they are thin and not soft at all.  They aren't exactly scratchy, like say a &lt;200 TC sheet, but they aren't soft.  They don't feel good to lie on, or to run your hands across. They just feel limp and thin and insubstantial.I wouldn't use them in a guest room.  I am keeping mine for the kids' rec room futon, for those times that there are so many teen boys sleeping over that somebody needs to make up the futon.2 stars because they have deep pockets and do seem wrinkle-free.BOTTOM LINE:  You get what you pay for.
I needed some new sheets and when I saw the price, as well as all of the positive reviews I thought it was worth a try. But I really wanted to know if these were 100% cotton or what?  I usually only buy cotton sateen because I like the silkiness, and was also curious as to the thread count.  Because even though I love a good deal, I'm picky about my sheets.  So I decided to check them out before ordering them.Who is Lammaloe?  I googled them and their website exists but it uses dummy text and I found this very disturbing especially since they offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee.  But if you don't know who they are and what that guarantee is, how good is that offer?  It seems like they just registered the name and logo 7/2012, and haven't even bothered to put real text on their website, just registered it.Despite my qualms, I decided that because of so many positive reviews I thought I would give them a try.  Especially since I was getting them through Amazon, so I knew I could at least go back to them if I wasn't happy with them.I got the sheets very quickly, and while the packaging was very nice, it still didn't say anything about the materials used, thread count..., nor does it explain what the guarantee is.  Yes the sheets are soft and I finally found the tag says which says they are 100% microfiber. I have a feeling that the thread count is pretty low because when you hold them up to light you can kind of see through them;  they aren't very dense like a higher thread count would be. I couldn't find out that info either here at Amazon, nor on the lammaloe.com website.As far as quality goes, it's not what I am used to with my Wamsutta sheets, though to be fair, there is a huge price difference.  At first glance they look nice, but when I looked at the stitching, it was uneven and I even had several threads I had to cutoff.  Being that it more than likely isn't a high thread count, and the quality of the stitching I don't know how long my bargain sheets will last compared to the quality that I usually like to buy.  I got the Mocha Light Brown color and it was fairly accurately represented online.I would only buy these sheets if you are not very picky.  They are soft, they do have deep pockets, I just don't know if they will last.  I have serious doubts.  I found later that Lammaloe is owned by Linen Choice Corp who supplies wholesale sheets to hotels, cruise ships and such...so take that info however you like.
Maybe its me, but I don't think so...I prefer the packaging of sheets to tell me what the thread count is, let me decide at that time if I want to purchase them or not, no matter what the content of the fabric is. These were received to try then review. They fit my new pillow top bed fine but they are SO thin I question just how long they will stand up to the wear and tear of a washing machine and dryer. They say supreme 1500 series deluxe brushed micro fiber, most micro fiber is made of polyester that I am acquainted with, I do not believe this is polyester, the fabric and the weight of it just doesn't feel like other micro fiber goods that I own. I think these will be a one summer use then put into the recycle bin. I would not suggest them for a wedding gift.
We will begin this review of the Lamma Loe "Supreme" 1500 Series 4 pc Bed Sheets by talking about the color. It is not "Mocha Light Brown". It is "Hideous Disco Bathroom Stall". Really, the color is hard to capture using mere words--picture a funky mix of poop brown, ghastly yellow and a touch of sea-sick green. My father insists it's "Earthy". On to the review:FUNCTION: Made from an undisclosed (and surely synthetic) material, these sheets are slippery and difficult to get on the bed. The fitted sheet needs to be snugger, and there's no tag to indicate which way is which. The weirdness of the design means that you will need two people to get this on a bed. Make sure to have a pal!FEEL: Actually, they feel okay. The material is thin and cheap, but reasonably soft. No itchiness. The sheets hold a lot of static though. I don't like to see sparks around my legs in the middle of the night, makes me nervous.WASHING/DURABILITY: The sheets instantly took a stain from someone's lotion, and that's never happened to us before. The flimsy material has so far held up in the wash.In closing, you get what you pay for. If you are on a budget, these sheets would hold up until you are in funds again. They are made in China, it's doubtful the conditions were exactly toxin-free, and there's no way to know what material was used.And the color. Wow, the color. Hope you never get a mocha from the coffee shop that looks anything like this. "Earthy" my foot!GRADE: C-
I, too, feel misled by the name of these sheets. Calling them "Supreme 1500 Series" definitely implies that they are high-thread-count cotton sheets. Instead, they are some weird micro fiber sheets that are incredibly thin and cheap feeling. My wife and I tried sleeping on them for one night. The results? Well, let's just say the cats have some new sheets in their cat bed. They seem to like them; but their humans hated them. Buyer beware.
These microfiber sheets in the queen-size are just okay. They are soft however, they are very thin and light weight. You can actually see through them and I cannot see them lasting for a very long time. Do not be mistaken by the title of them saying supreme 1500 series, this does not equate to 1500 thread count. If year in real need for sheets at a very inexpensive price tag then go ahead and get them however I recommend spending more and getting quality.I cannot say that I would even use these on my bed in my guest room. I hope this helps anyone who is making the decision to purchase.
These are ok sheets - not luxurious or particularly well-made.  They are kind of thin & have a lot of hanging threads as though they were sewn up & quickly put in the packaging.  I had to wash them twice to get rid of a chemical smell; for some reason, microfiber items seem to often have this unpleasant smell.They washed ok but I was really surprised at how much lint they left in my dryer lint filter.  I don't have this problem with good cotton sheets.  The pillowcases puckered along the seams so they don't look really crisp even when they are on the pillows.  I suspect these sheets will not wear a long time.  On the positive side, since they are microfiber, they dry very fast.  There is no indication what the fiber content of these sheets is.  I assume there is no cotton because they are just calling them "microfiber".  Also, the "1500 Series" label means absolutely nothing in regard to fiber content/thread count.  In my opinion, this was put in the title to mislead consumers into believing these are 1500 thread count.They fit my pillow top mattress fine, although the top sheet is not very generous.  If you sleep with a sheet stealer, you may end up uncovered.  The pillowcases are a pocket design; the front has the satin stitching & the back has a small piece of fabric that forms a sort of pocket so that the pillow is encased.  Unfortunately, the pocket is not generous so doesn't create a true cover & hangs limp.  I prefer a traditional pillowcase for looks & reversibility.I have the "Mocha Light Brown" which is more of a pukey brown butterscotch color; a yellow/brown color.  Not really attractive, in my opinion.There is no indication of where these sheets were made but I assume they were not made in the USA.  The tags on the sheets only indicate size; Queen.
As far as the cut and fabric of these sheets go- for an inexpensive sheet set they work just fine.  They are soft, and they fit on my mattress with no problems.  The top sheet is rather thin- it was definitely noticeable in bed, but with blankets that isn't really an issue.  If I was rating on these factors alone I would give four stars.But let's turn to the real problem here, which is the color.  I got these sheets in Mocha, which looks like a rich brown in the picture here.  What I received is hideous.  HIDEOUS.  It looks like something that would show up in a baby's diaper.  I've never seen such an ugly color.  These sheets are undeniably the ugliest sheets that I have ever owned. I don't like looking at them.  Seriously, who thought this would be a good color?  If you're buying these sheets in another color, then I'd say go for it, and they're fairly decent value for money.  Just avoid Mocha.
I received these sheets as an Amazon Vine product offering. I was completely unimpressed with them for numerous reasons:- The material is not identified but is surprisingly thin and obviously made of some kind of polyester blend- The fabric is soft after the first washing but feels really synthetic and slippery- The fitted sheet does acommodate large mattresses, but the top sheet barely tucks under the mattress- I am constantly retucking the sheet and I have a hard time keeping the top sheet on the bed- The color is described as mocha but more resembles baby poop- The pillow cases are only stitched on one side so it looks like the facing came apart and looks slovenlyThese are so poorly constrcuted and remind me of the really cheap sheets you can find at mall kiosks that claim to be Egyptian cotton (and priced accordingly too, so in this case, you really get what you pay for). They are destined for the charity bin.
I don't have particularly large hands but I found using this peeler clumsy and more difficult than the good ole fashioned peeler such as theOXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler.  I feel much more comfortable with the older design.This new design feels clumsy and unsure.  It's easy to slice yourself if you aren't careful.  Personally, after some use ... it was cumbersome and I found no advantage whatsoever to this Swissmar Curve Peeler.I don't see any particular ergonomic advantage to this item??  Sometimes messing with a tried and true design is like solving a problem that doesn't exist.Clumsy and a bit strange.
I think the metal is very flimsy, and I found the peeler difficult to hold onto, especially if your hand is wet. The blade is very sharp, but you have to use a slow, controlled motion, so your hand doesn't slip and slice up your fingers. I had to go so slow while peeling my cucumbers, it felt like I was working on an arts and craft project. This just isn't my cup of tea, but the peeler does peel well, so it might work for you.
I received this through the Amazon Vine Program.If you are looking for a peeler that is almost more a work of art than a functional peeler, then this might just be for you.  It is very small and is very futuristic looking.  It also has a very sharp blade that cuts and peels easily.  So, why the two star rating?  In short, functionality, ease of use, comfort of use, and safety.I have very large hands and that may be one of the reasons why I do not like the feel of this item.  It is VERY small and you hold it between two fingers.  This puts a lot of pressure between those two fingers and also puts the blade VERY close to your fingers!  If your hand slips even a little, you can make contact with the blade.  I did it twice while peeling carrots.  While it did not cut enough to bleed, it definately has that potential.I do a lot of vegetables and so use a peeler quite a bit.  This one becomes fatiguing in very short order.  It also starts to make your fingers cramp after a bit of use.  So, to be fair, I asked my wife to try it since she has much smaller hands.  She was not in the kitchen with me when I tried it out and I did not give her any directions of help with using it.  I simply gave her the box (instructions are very short and consists of pictures on the side of the box) and asked her to try it.  She does have the beginnings of arthritus in her hands and generally uses an OXO peeler.  After doing two carrots, she gave me back the peeler and took her old peeler out of the drawer to complete her task.  Her complaints were the following:1.  Hard to hold comfortably2.  Slips easily in your hands causing you to exert even more pressure to hold it in place.3.  Made her hands hurt after using on just two carrots (she tried right and left hand usage).Judging the depth of cut was difficult, but I think that has to do with knowing how to use a standard peeler and not spending any time with this one.  I would guess that with practice you could become proficient with depth control.  My biggest question would be why would you bother?  A good quality peeler I think is safer, easier to control, and does a better job without risk of injury.  The only real advantage that I can see with this unit is that it is small.  So, if storage space is your main issue, this might be a good choice; oh, and you do not peel very much.Over all, I can not recommend this product.
The Swissmar Swiss Curve peeler is basically a standard vegetable peeler with a somewhat unique grip to it.  Instead of having a traditional handle the peeler is held at the edges.  Aside from that I can perceive little difference between the Swissmar and any other conventional peeler.  Neither my wife or I felt it offered any improvement over other peelers, and, if anything, I found the Swissmar to be a little more dangerous to use in that it is not as easy to see exactly where the peeler is shaving.  A peeler with a handle would be much safer.I really cannot recommend the Swissmar Swiss Curve Peeler.  There are equally good, and safer, peelers available for far less money.
Very few gadgets are truly essential in a kitchen, but a pepper mill surely does come close to the top of the list.  After many years making do without, Grandma has suddenly acquired a small collection of them over the last couple of years, ranging in price from the $3 sort that comes pre-installed on a jar of peppercorns at the grocery store to this more high-endPeugeot PM27483 Saint Malo 5.7 Inch Pepper Mill, Chocolate Beechthat arrived in Grandma's mailbox a couple of days ago.  Thinking from the packaging that someone had sent Grandma a book, imagine her surprise to find nothing in the package but this pepper mill, tightly wrapped in heavy plastic, without so much as a presentation box!  (Boy oh boy, was Grandma ever glad she had not sent this off as a wedding gift!  She would have died of embarrassment!)Here are some of the features that Grandma likes to see in a Pepper Mill:1.  The mill should fit nicely in your hands.2.  Easy to use3.  Provides a variety of grinds4.  Holds enough peppercorns that Grandma isn't refilling it constantly5.  Stores with the ground pepper "exit" upwards to avoid mess on the counter & contamination.6.  Easy to disassemble and reassemble.Grandma also prefers a pepper mill where one can readily see the amount of peppercorns remaining inside - and if it happens to be stylish enough to take to the table, more the better.This Peugeot pepper mill does fit nicely in Grandma's hands.  However, once Grandma found her reading glasses to read the minuscule print of the instruction book that came attached to the mill, Grandma learned some surprising things. First, this pepper mill holds only a mere 5 ml of peppercorns - about 1 teaspoon.  (No, you cannot put anything else into the mill but regular peppercorns - no pink peppercorns, no peppercorn mixes.)  Grandma would be refilling this every time she turned around.There is absolutely no way to determine how many peppercorns are left in the mill without dumping out the contents.The mill stores with the grinding mechanism down (counter mess!) though it is at least recessed to prevent contamination.The instructions that come with the mill state that the pepper mill provides two grinds - counter clockwise to grind more coarsely and clockwise to grind more finely.  Grandma found very little difference between the two, tested on separate white plates for clarity.  This mill grinds fine and vaguely finer, with the finer ground peppercorn seeming to be just the dust that accumulates in the grinding mechanism.Instructions that accompany thePeugeot PM27483 Saint Malo 5.7 Inch Pepper Millspecify that the mill is not dishwasher safe and should be stored away from humidity.  The mill is covered by a 2-year warranty and the grinding mechanism by a lifetime warranty, but you must have either a properly filled out warranty card (none was included) or the sales receipt.Grandma's $0.02: Grandma found this pepper mill stylish enough for an informal dinner or the picnic basket, but definitely out of place with the fine china.  The single most stylish thing about the mill is the upscale Peugeot name.  As far as her other criteria go, the $3 bottle of McCormick with the built in adjustable grinder available in any grocery store rates higher.  The packaging makes this particular item imminently unsuitable, even embarrassing, as a gift of the bridal shower or wedding sort, and the Peugeot guarantee does not come close to standing behind their name in a way that one might expect from the price.Not recommended
I have always loved popcorn.  When I was a teenager I had a job operating a popcorn machine at a concession stand.  As an adult I loved popcorn so much that I bought a commercial popcorn machine just like the ones they use at concession stands to make popcorn at home.  So I know a thing or two about making popcorn.  When this Oster FPSTPP7310WM-NP Professional Popcorn Maker was offered for review I thought it might be fun to try it out.The popcorn maker arrives very well-packaged.  It is shipped in its labeled carton, and my carton had some shipping damage but the product itself was fine as it is protected with Styrofoam, and the bowl inside the machine is also protected very well with Styrofoam and cardboard.  Two small plastic utensils are included for measuring your popcorn and oil.The style of the machine is similar to commercial popcorn machines but make no mistake about it, this is not a professional popcorn machine.  The product labeling is very misleading in this regard.  This popcorn machine is very small and does not have the capacity or durability of construction that a true professional, commercial popcorn machine has.  The housing on this product is plastic, and it has a rather fragile feel to it.  The only metal is the bowl for popping the popcorn, its supporting bracket, and the handle to flip the bowl.  Everything else, including the measuring utensils, is made of cheap plastic.  Most commercial popcorn machines will pop 8 ounces of popcorn at a time, although some smaller ones will only pop 4 ounces at a time.  This machine will pop only 2 ounces of popcorn at a time.  This yields a batch of popcorn a little smaller than what you will get from a bag of microwave popcorn.  This might be enough for one or two small children but will be nowhere near enough for a family to enjoy without popping several batches of popcorn.  So if you are looking for a machine to make popcorn for the whole family on movie night this is not the one to purchase.The instructions tell you to preheat the popcorn machine for 3-5 minutes before usage.  Unlike a true professional machine, you cannot heat the bowl without running the stirring motor, which is quite loud.  Once you add your oil and popcorn, though, the popcorn does pop quickly.  Counter to what the instructions tell you to do, you will get better results with crisper popped corn if you let the oil get hot before adding the kernels.  You will get popcorn flavored like that at the movies if you use coconut oil and salt your popcorn with Flavacol salt.  After your popcorn has finished popping you turn off the machine and turn the handle to dump the contents of the bowl into the tray at the bottom of the machine.  Using high quality popcorn kernels I found a single batch will fill the tray completely.  If you remove the tray slowly and carefully you should be able to remove your batch of popcorn from the machine and dump it into a bowl without much spillage.There are several drawbacks to this machine, in my opinion.  This popcorn machine is really too small to be of practical use for a family or even two adults.  Because the bowl is so small the yield is low, and it is also more difficult to clean very well since the lid is not removable from the bowl, and it is difficult to get your fingers, much less a sponge, inside the bowl to clean below the lid.  You also have to be careful during cleaning not to get the electrical socket wet.  The housing of the popcorn machine is too large for most kitchen counters and is too tall to store in a kitchen cabinet.  The space inside the machine is cramped, and it is a little difficult to fit the bowl into its holder and even more challenging to plug the cord into the bowl as it sits in back of the bowl where you cannot see.  While the tray at the bottom is somewhat handy to remove popcorn after its popped, it does not sift the unpopped kernels and can also make a mess if you don't make sure all popcorn is in the tray before sliding it out.  Finally, the cheap plastic measuring utensils that come with the machine are basically useless.  You will melt them if you try to use them when the bowl is hot.  You will want to use utensils made of metal instead.In summary, the Oster FPSTPP7310WM-NP Professional Popcorn Maker is more of a novelty than a useful popcorn machine for home usage.  Unless you want something like this to entertain one or two small children you would be better off using a stovetop popcorn kettle with a built-in stirring mechanism.  These are widely available and cost less than half as much as this machine and will yield twice the amount of popcorn.  One example would beWabash Valley Farms 25008 Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper. If you want a true professional popcorn machine you should expect to pay at least $100 or more than the cost of this machine.  These are also available from Amazon.
I was new to the world of the coffee press and wanted to try one.  I guess I should have gotten a more expensive one.The coffee leaves lots of grounds in the cup once made but I guess that is normal for these kind of presses.  My problems are that the lid does not fit the glass and that the plastic parts have already cracked and after only a few uses.  The glass is not cracked but looks like it was not made well - I can see lines and waves in the glass and I'm tensed every time I use it, waiting for it to break.If you pay this little for something I guess you can't complain when it's not perfect.
We received this "Primula Tempo Coffee Press 6 Cup - Black" from Amazon to test as part of the Vine program, and have had a few months to test it...and our experience concurs with what many others have discovered. We used it sparingly, about once every week or two, and very carefully, being mindful to keep the water below boiling and using a wooden utensil, hand-washing, not striking it or subjecting it to extreme temperature changes (other than the required hot water poured into a room temperature beaker). And, still, the beaker recently cracked. And the strainer section is showing some spotting...similar to the rust that I have seen develop on some inexpensive "stainless steel" knives that were made in China. Interestingly, this unit is made in China as well.We have contacted Primula via their website to see how they respond. Customer service is worth something. Depending on the outcome, we will adjust/edit our review accordingly.For the money, we'd recommend sticking with Bodum...we have the stainless double-walled (Bodum 1308-16 Columbia 8-Cup Stainless-Steel Thermal Press Pot) and the glass (Bodum Chambord 3 cup French Press Coffee Maker, 12 oz., Chrome) versions...love them both: .
I have been making press coffee for years so when I saw this available in the Vine Program I jumped on it. The reason being, always, after six or eight months the glass beaker will somehow break. I'll first start by saying that if you're serious about pressing your coffee stick with either theBodum Chambord 4 Cup French Press Coffee Maker, 17-Ounce, Chrome, theBodum Chambord 8 cup French Press Coffee Maker, 34 oz., Chrome, or theBodum Chambord 12 cup French Press Coffee Maker, 51 oz, Chrome(my personal favorite).With the Bodum Chambord presses, the glass beaker can be removed from the holder; furthermore, it (the beaker) can also be purchased separately if it breaks.The problem with the design of this particular press is that the beaker cannot be removed from the housing; at least I couldn't remove mine without fear of it shattering. Accordingly, after just a couple of uses it will start to loose it's good looks because when it's washed, either by hand or in the dishwasher, water wll get stuck between the housing and the beaker and you won't be able to dry it properly. It will start showing water spots and just won't look good. If and when the beaker breaks, the unit itself is broken. I have two Bodum Chambords; the 34 ounce, that I occassionaly use and the 51 ounce, which I use daily. With these finer presses I remove the beaker after use and put it in the dishwahser and it continues to look as good as new FOREVER because I can hand wash the housing, or put it in the dishwahsher separately, though I've only hand washed it. About twice a year, I need to buy a new beaker for my large Bodum because I don't put it "safely" in the dishwasher.Also, there is a noticeable difference in the durability of the glass and pressing unit of this to the Bodum Chambord. The Bodum is far superior. Finally, for what it's worth, this little baby is made in China and I read another person's review who said that customer service was non existent. My Bodum grinder malfunctioned after six months and Bodum promptly sent me a brand new one, no questions asked. I just sent them the bad one along with my receipt showing it had been less than a year since I bought it and in a week I had a new one. The new one's lasted over two years of daily use.With all these presses, regardless of the manufacturer, don't buy a "6 cup" press and think you're going to get anywhere near 6 cups of coffee. These manufacturers consider 4 ounces to be a cup. My morning mugs are at least 12 ounces so a press such as this one is really only good for one person who wants a little more than one cup of coffee in the morning. TheBodum Chambord 12 cup French Press Coffee Maker, 51 oz, Chromeis ideal for two people. You'll get plenty of delicious coffee, if you use great beans of course and coarsely grind them using theBodum Bistro Electric Burr Coffee Grinder, Black, which is also available in a multitude of colors, and you can keep it nice and hot in theBodum Chambord 34-Ounce Thermo Double Wall Vacuum Carafe, Red, which is probably available in other colors. Even though the thermos is 34 ounces, once the first decent size mug of coffee is poured the remainder of the 51 ouncer will fill the thermos nicely and keep it piping hot for three or four hours, especially if you preheat it with hot water while you're brewing your coffee.P.S. Don't ever use boiling water for pressing coffee. The perfect water temperature is right before boiling. You'll notice a difference in the taste of the coffee and your beakers will last longer. Also, don't bother buying an "unbreakable" plastic beaker press, now offered by Bodum. Stick with glass and just make sure the water is "just before boiling". If you boil the water you'll in a sense "burn" the coffee and it will not be as smooth tasting.
Upon unpacking this coffee press, I was impressed by its simple elegance--nothing overly fancy about it. The handle is comfortably wide (even for those with large hands) and it's lightweight, even when filled with water. (This is where I should note that the carafe holds 24oz. Great for singles or couples, but definitely not for large groups.) There is a splash guard that covers the pour spout to help keep the steam in while the coffee (or tea) is brewing and the press handle is comfortable and slides down smoothly each time. Everything seemed great, until a week later.I've used the press (for both coffee and tea) each morning and after each use immediately wash it  and place it in my dish basket to air dry. Imagine my surprise when one morning I noticed something odd. At first I thought maybe I'd missed some coffee grounds in the mesh filter, but closer inspection revealed that it was actually *rust*. I was able to take it off with a brillo brush, but it kept returning, popping up in various areas of the mesh strainer. Definitely a deal breaker, unless you enjoy drinking rust with your coffee or tea.The reason I gave this two stars as opposed to one is because I believe the rust problem could be alleviated by using the heated dryer in a dishwasher (so the metal doesn't have time to oxidize) and it seems that this problem may be limited to only some batches of presses.
We recently decided to stop using our dish washing machine and go back to doing dishes by hand. I was curious about how this might work instead of our regular plastic dish drainer. Well, I must admit, I like the idea- in theory... However, the reality-for me- didn't exactly work. After washing dishes and laying them on this mat... The water just collects there standing on dishes and mat. There is zero absorbtion. At least with the standard dish drainer, the water drains off into the sink because of the angle. With this product the water just collects and stays there... And since I don't live in a warm climate, it doesn't evaporate fast enough, so I still have to dry them later.I guess this product, wasn't useful to me as a mat to lay dishes on...  However, I did find that it was useful for putting under my pet food dispenser, it washes easily, and is soft and spongy and attractive looking.
This brush broke before I could even use it. It advertises a flexible neck. Turns out it is 0% flexible. If you try to flex it, it will snap in half. The brush itself is really large. Awkwardly large. Unless you have giant toilets or just don't want to get close, this seems way too bulky. The canister itself is pretty nice and well designed. But that's the only silver lining.
I like the self opening/ closing and draining fancy canister. I like the flexible neck on the brush. What I don't like is the narrow tip on the brush. The narrow tip makes it more difficult to clean under the rim and the "small" drain area at the bottom of our toilet bowls. The previous brush I used  did not narrow at the tip and was "bushy"Casabella Bowl Brush Set. I have to work harder to clean with this new OXO brush.It is not terrible, but I am not a fan. Thanks for reading, I hope this review is helpful.
This is like an easy bake oven - it does not heat or cook, but rather keeps warm. I am a bit hesitant about it. I hope bacteria does not grow in that warm environment, while it is sitting on your desk. Inside was all white plastic with a super thin aluminum(?) dish. So obviously it can't heat up all that much. I am not going to be using it on a day to day basis, but I can myself taking it on a field trip. They should have made it power of a 12V car outlet, then I would see more use for it.
As a 3 quart size jar, this would be ideal to keep edibles like cookies which can get soft by moisture in the air. However, the piece I received has a missing lid and without that lid, it is very difficult to rate this jar.Note: will update this review if either Amazon or Oxo respond back to my email request.
If you want to satisfy the unmet demand for a plastic free electric kettle, do this:Bypass the whole automatic shutoff thing and just manufacture a bootleg ofVINTAGE Pyrex Flameware 9 cup Coffee Pot Percolator Completeand stick it atop a portable electric stove type of thing with buttons to choose the shutoff depending on the amount of water in the pot - maybe make the shutoff weight-sensitive - whatever - but PLEASE do not bother making a breakable (we broke loads of medelco back in the day so German Schott glass is not nigh on indestructible like the vintage Pyrex flameware) GLASS kettle with a plastic lid AND a silicone gasket on the bottom of the kettle so you get two kinds of poison/carcinogen.I wanted to use this to replace an already too plasticky kettle with this.  Because I am worried about the SECOND poisonous effect of silicone in addition to the plastic which gets hit less than a full plastic kettle would (a top seller on Amazon) because what if it is the silicone that is the real killer and the plastic just disables you but lets you live?  I can't even begin to think about the third problem which is that the point of the silicone gasket must be to seal the joining of the metal to glass somehow and that means glue of some kind was used to join the two materials together.  I've had glued parts come off of my hot tea containers before and this one is the one where water is BOILING.This kettle is small.  It's good for one person.  I thought the tea controls meant it would really work in a wet bar situation - you could have it out and it would look okay (it looks better in the picture and on America's Test Kitchen).ATK once top-picked the zyliss garlic crusher which was painted silver and the paint chips off immediately from the contact made between the two sides during crushing so just because you see it in front of Christopher Kimball is no reason to think something is a good product.  ATK later retracted their buy rating.The tea controls - a win - butHamilton Beach 40996 Programmable Kettle, 1.7-Literhas this as well.  The problem is the material used.  I know there is a niche market in Taiwan for all steel rice cookers because they are worried that the light nonstick pots in Japanese rice cookers are carcinogenic.  Read the reviews on Amazon for Tatung rice cookers.I wouldn't even use this to boil water to clean the house but I WOULD have purchased it for myself because of the tea temperatures and I would have returned it.  This is a Vine review so I am not out of pocket for reviewing this.Basically the strenght of this kettle - the glass/nonplastic material is cancelled out not only by the plastic lid but the glued on silicone gasket on the metal base that comes in contact with the water.Oh, well, like so many Vine products, I learned what I DON'T want to spend money on.  I'm going to buy my thirdHamilton Beach 40898 Cool-Touch 8-Cup Cordless Electric Kettleand hate ITS plastic inner lid but know that this is the best I can do as far as electric kettles for now.  Why do manufacturers refuse to make a completely nonplastic, nonsilicone electric kettle when so many reviews from Amazon are clamoring for just such a product?
This kettle is beautiful; it's stunning and looks gorgeous on the counter.  I was absolutely thrilled at the sight of it.  And then I tried it.I seldom drink black tea, so I didn't try that setting.  But I tried the settings for green, white, and oolong.  I measured the water temperature immediately after heating with my candy thermometer.  While it does take a minute to register temperature, the heating element is actually in the kettle, so very little heat should have been lost.The kettle is marked for 160 degrees Fahrenheit for green tea.  I poured 48 ounces of water into the kettle, set it for green, and turned it on.  About four and a half minutes later, it shut off, which means the water is ready.  The thermometer read 149 degrees.Then I tried white, which is marked 175 degrees.  Same procedure.  Just shy of five minutes, it shut off.  The temperature was 160.I moved on to the oolong setting, 195 degrees.  AFter five and a half minutes, I got a reading of 185 degrees.You may doubt the accuracy of my candy thermometer, but I don't.  I've used it for making yogurt and monitoring the temperature carefully so I can use a bit of yogurt to start a new batch, rather than spend money on new packets of yogurt starter every week.There are a number of problems with this kettle.  It does not heat to proper temperature, and I can see this not only with my thermometer, but with my eyes.  I know how big the bubbles in the water should be for making green, white, and oolong teas, and the only setting that got to fish eyes was oolong.  Further, the markings are wrong.  White should be brewed with cooler water than green, not hotter.The temperature settings for white and green are not ideal, either.  Green should really be brewed at about 180 degrees, and white at 170, maybe 165.  Oolong can be brewed at 195, but I prefer to brew it at 185 or 190.Of course, you can still make tea with it.  You'll just be making it wrong, and that means you'll have to make adjustments.  And it really is pretty.  But I do not recommend it.  If you're going to buy an electric kettle, find a functional one.  Until you find a good one, just heat water on the stove in a saucepan.  If you're reading this review, you already have a saucepan, and I just saved you some money.
This is a gorgeous little tea kettle and is much smaller than I expected. This kettle is only for heating up water and nothing else. Below are the PROS and CONS including some design flaws.PROS- The unit is so pretty to me.- There are five temperature settings - 212 (best for black and pu-erh teas and tisanes such as rooibos and herbal teas), 195 (best for oolong teas and some herbal teas; can be used for yellow teas if left to cool slightly), 175 (best for white teas), and 160 (best for green teas although I brew these teas around 175).  The fifth setting is for 100 degrees to keep the water warm.- Cord storage is hidden underneath the unit.- The kettle fits nicely into the base as long as you line up the matching dots correctly.- I like the push button feature of the dial to turn on the unit and the blue light on the dial.- The lid on the carafe snaps nicely into place.- It reaches the desired temperature pretty fast.- Anywhere between 16 ounces and 48 ounces (2-8 cups) of water can be heated.CONS:- There are no in-between temperature settings; it must be dialed into 212, 195, 175, and 160 for brewing or 100 for keeping the water warm.- There is no audible signal to tell you when the water has reached its desired temperature; the only way to tell is to watch the light go out. To me this is a design flaw because now I have to watch the water reach its temperature and there's no "automatic keep warm" feature.- The lid is difficult snap into the upright position when there's hot water in the carafe.- The neck of the carafe is so tiny that it is impossible to get a hand in the carafe to dry the inside unless your hand is small. I am able to get my hand inside when I am not using a towel; but as soon as I introduce a towel it's impossible for me.- The other design flaw is that when there are 16 ounces of water in the kettle, the unit feels hotter to me and it was almost impossible not to burn myself when pouring the water because of the steam and heat emanating from the top of the unit. Of course, wearing an oven mitt or holding a towel will prevent this possibility.- The lid is not removable.- At the current price of $79.99, I think this is too expensive a purchase for what you are getting.It is important to read the manual for this unit. For instance, the carafe has to be seated correctly before turning on the unit or the power light will blink and the unit will not work.This unit should not be washed because all components, including the carafe, are electric.  Only dry the inside and wipe down with a damp cloth.  Although this Capresso does the job it is supposed to do, the two design flaws that made me rate this 2 stars instead of 3 was that there was no audible signal to tell you when the water is heated to the desired temperature and the fact that the water is too hot to pour when boiling unless using a mitt or towel to hold the very hot carafe.  Other than this this is an average kettle.  I cannot vouch for its longevity as I've only heated water 4 times in this unit so far.  I will post an update if things change. If this unit were priced in the $29 range, I would have given it 3 stars despite its flaws.If you are a real tea connoisseur, it is better to pay $170 more for theBreville BTM800XL One-Touch Tea Maker.  I personally purchased and own two of these.  If you only make teas with boiling water and want to make tea for company, then you might consider theNesco TM-1 Teamaker, 1-Liter.  I also own this one and although it is average, at least you can make tea in it. I've attached my reviews to the other tea makers in the comment section of this review for those who are interested.In summary, I would pass on this Capresso.Update November 2013 - This kettle stopped working so now it's headed for the garbage. This is not the life expectancy I would expect and had I purchased it I would be very disappointed.
Our house was build in the 1920s and has some upgrades in it's wiring. Generally, we haven't noticed any electronics (hair dryers, microwaves) dimming lights. THEN... in comes the Capresso Water Kettle.First thing I notice is that it's a two-prong, not a 3-prong, and am pleased because it offers more outlets than our older electric water kettle. It's also beautiful to look at and fun to watch.Then comes the terror. After a few minutes, when the kettle is nearly boiling, the light that shares an outlet with this kettle begins to dim and brighten, over and over. Seriously. Like a slow strobe light, and goes on for about two minutes. The strobing stopped immediately after the kettle shuts off.I tried the kettle in another plug and the same thing happened. I am frightened to use this kettle because I don't know why it's doing that, what's going on with our electrical... it's just scary.So, because of the scary light show I get every time I use this kettle, I take away 3 stars and demote this to "I don't like it" status. I will continue using my old Toastess DLJK459 Delfino Stainless Steel Cordless Kettle. It sells for about $33 and has worked daily for us for a couple of years--it's an old trusty workhorse.
Here are things I would want to know before being able to make a decision:-It's fast and quiet-The kettle only sits on the base in 2 possible ways (can't be rotated etc)-Cap is made of plastic (so if you are concerned about plastic touching your water, keep looking). Steam will condense on the plastic and come back to the rest of the water. Also, water will touch the plastic on the way out.-There is a silicone? ring in the bottom of the kettle between the metal and glass parts. This touches the water.-If you follow the instructions on how to pour, you will burn your thumb. They want you to slightly open the cap. It's better if you just hold the bottom of the handle and leave the cap alone.-The cap is cheap and seems to have lost it's snapping back to the glass ability.-The spout pours well and doesn't drip-The outside shiny parts are all plastic-Made in China-Doesn't beep when done-No option to hold temp-The temperature knob can be rotated to any degree between the 5 preset temperatures (about 7 to 9 clicks between each temp setting. But if it's not exactly at one of those settings then it will not turn on. Then why design the knob this way?I'd get this instead:Breville BKE820XL Variable-Temperature 1.8-Liter Kettle
I like the length of the cord, and the powerful suction, but I think this is a terrible vacuum for home use.It's the loudest vacuum that I've ever used. None of my local stores carry the bags - you have to order directly from the company. If you want attachments, you need to buy the Oreck handheld vacuum. Why on earth would I want to replace one vacuum with two?!This would be better suited for a dorm room or office.
I received this courtesy of Amazon Vine.  Several years ago, my wife and I bought all new kitchen small appliances that were made by Cuisinart, because we thought Cuisinart's products were high quality.  I'm talking about Cuisinart blender, coffee maker, toaster, griller, espresso maker.  We learned the hard way that something very wrong has happened to Cuisinart quality AND customer service.  Count yourself lucky if you never have to deal with Cuisinart's rude employees.  They will definitely get your blood pressure up.  This item seemed like just what we needed.  However, after reading others' reviews and the chance the machine will catch fire, we are not using it.  It's not worth the risk.  I'm not sure why Amazon or any other retailer still carries this.
I must have gotten a defective one.  The top is too small for the hamper.I threw the top away since it did not fit.The hamper alone works, but the top would have been nice to hide the dirty laundry.I now use it just to carry clean laundry from the dryer to my folding area.
Just...blech.  The color on this is like steely, dirty cement.  I guess they were going for "neutral" but in reality my house has more brown tones (wood floors, natural colors) than grey ones, so this just doesn't look great, even in the room with black accents it just is wrong.  I don't like the lid at all; I'm rather accustomed to just tossing things in, sometimes from a few feet away, and the lid really requires you to push the item in.  Also, I don't think the lid fits very well; when I put it on the bottom part kind of buckles.  And really, is privacy of dirty laundry really a problem for most people?  Then there's the price.  Seriously?  The competing product by Rubbermaid, of which I own two, is a small fraction of the price and nearly identical in design, except it doesn't have the stupid lid.  Also the Rubbermaid is a more natural color, so it is more truly "neutral" in my decor.  I would absolutely recommend theRubbermaid 4D06 Configurations 23-Inch Foldable Laundry Hamper, Naturalin place of this overpriced hamper.
EDITED 1/1/14  I gave up and moved this to the garage.  I put it behind the exterior door and put rolls of different tapes (masking, duct, painters) on the top ring.  Then I had my son cut the middle one in order to put a roll of paper towels on it.  Finally, the bottom one holds dog leashes clicked on.  It works great for these purposes in the garage (maybe for once I can find tape!), but this was just lousy in the house.--------------------------------------------OXO usually makes great stuff, but this is a disappointment.  First off, the three graduated sizes of bars is awkward...the largest makes it difficult to open a door all the way. In fact, you have to plan that your door that this is on will only close to about 45 degrees from the wall.  In my small bathroom, that is enough to be taking up way too much space.Next, the bars don't click in as well as they should.  On mine, the top one is slightly tweaked and doesn't sit level.  The design for the top hook over the door is good...you'll not have this wiggly or sliding.  Yet I'm not sure why the three bars have to stick out so much.If they'd really thought this out, they could have designed one bar to hold a paper towel roll....I tried to and it doesn't work.  THAT would be a great design improvement.The white plastic upright that holds the bars looks cheap.  For me, I simply can't use it because I need the floor area that the door would take up with this on it.
My kids bathroom doesn't have any towel racks or any good place to hang one so thought this would be a good solution.It is okay for 1 bath towel and perhaps a couple of hand towels or washcloths. However, if you put 2 bath towels on it, they won't dry out.The other issue is that this does not &#34;hang tight&#34; on the door so when my kids close the door, you can hear the towel rack ba-bang against the door... which is really annoying. It also isn't the most attractive bath accessory you could have either -- has a very cheap-looking plastic support.Instead of putting it in my kids bathroom, I wound up hanging it over the shower stall in my bathroom where it won't clang against the door (because it is on a stationary wall) and using it to hang up clothes that I want to air dry after washing. For that purpose, it works well.[NCJVR]
While I love a lot of OXO products, I this this one is pretty mediocre. I don't think the design is that great and I'm not into the white color. It's also overpriced for so much plastic.The rack assembles very easily since there isn't much to it. It sits on the door top snugly thanks to the rubberized self-adjusting clamp. But I'm a bit surprised that it's not secured to the door in any other way. The back of the rack bar isn't padded, so it just slides/bangs around on the door - it would have been nice to have some rubber feet and maybe a strap that secures it to the door edges. The towels also kind of sit atop each other if they're of decent size, which doesn't help them dry effectively. This rack isn't designed to dry more than one body-sized towel; the other two towels better be hand towels. Lame.
I really was prepared to love this, as I eat eggs often.  However, I wasn't too pleased.  I think the hinge is pretty flimsy and the eggs stuck to the top portion after I closed it.  I tried a few times, then put a bit of oil on the plastic.  This helped a bit but not completely.  You also will have to precook anything that wouldnt normally cook in the microwave in less than a minute, unless you like your veggies raw in your omelet.  Because of the sticking problem, it was about as hard to clean as any pan you might use.  I didn't see it saving me much time, and I like the texture of pan cooked eggs better.  If the only cooking appliance you have is a microwave, this will make you an omelet, otherwise my suggestion is to stick to a pan, no pun intended.
I love scrambled eggs in the microwave, and this pan seemed like an excellent way to make a quick omelette.Not so much...I scrambled three large eggs and divided them up between the two sides of the pan.  My first problem was, a lot of egg spilled while I was lifting the pan to the oven.  OK, dumb move on my part.  It needs to be on a plate.The eggs, though...I followed the cooking instructions, but I ended up with eggs that were rubbery on the outside and runny in the middle.  In a word, yuck.This pan would, I think, be a good option for a cottage or summer home where most cooking is done using the microwave.  For home use, frankly I recommend using a frying pan. The eggs taste better and it's less of a mess.
It leaked when I flipped it.Cooked the eggs better than expected, but the frying pan is still the way to go for omelets. Not recommended.
This product didn't live up to its claim of making perfect omelets. The egg mixture cooked unevenly. It bunches up at the sides, leaving the middle with no egg mixture so there's nothing to hold in the filling. The resulting "omelet" ends up rubbery, and more scrambled than anything else. Stick with your skillet, you'll be a lot more pleased with the results.
There's no doubt that this is a gadget, even if it's probably relatively inexpensive. It makes microwave oven omelets; that's fine, but do you really need it?The idea is that you prepare your omelet ingredients just as you always would; you beat the eggs, chop the ingredients, etc. Then you put the eggs in this plastic gadget (which, by the way, appears very cheaply made and doesn't close snugly or with a good fit). You microwave the eggs for a little while, put the ingredients in one side, loosen the eggs on the other side, fold the thing closed, and microwave it a little more. Then out comes the omelet.If you've cooked it just right, it's a decent enough omelet. If you've overcooked it even a little, the eggs are rubbery and tough. It takes some experimenting with your microwave to get it all just right.So, if you have to do all the prep work, which is about 80% of the effort of making an omelet, and there's the need to microwave it with some precision, what do you gain? Not cleanup. You have to clean this one up much as you would clean up an omelet pan. Not flavor or quality. An omelet cooked traditionally, once you learn the technique, is likely to be much better. Maybe you save on melting butter, but an omelet properly cooked in butter is incomparable.Do yourself a favor and instead of buying this gadget, buy one of the old Julia Child cookbooks and learn how to make a folded omelet (I really should say "omelette"). It will take you maybe ten minutes to learn a technique that you'll use for a lifetime, which is more than you can say for this cheap plastic gadget.
I actually ordered this product for my nearly 10 year old daughter that loves eggs.  She loves to get her own breakfast and I know she was tired of just oatmeal or cereal.  I figured this would be a nice entry into beginning cooking with eggs since I refuse to let her near the stove at this point.The Hubby and I wanted to give it a dry run one evening so that we would be positive that the "Omelet Wave" really produces as it should.  It is simple enough... you take 2-3 eggs, scramble really well and pour into each half moon compartment.  Place in microwave and nuke for 1.5 to 2 minutes.  Then you can remove, add filling, close compartments and microwave for another 30 sec to 1 minute.  Viola!  Or so they claim!!Here is my egg and filling prep:3 large eggs and chopped onions and peppers in very small pieces.We went along with the first time and found that 2 minutes was not enough.  The centers were grossly runny.  We added another minute to the time.  Then we added the chopped onions/peppers and closed both sides.  We didn't bother with 30 seconds; we just went with 1 minute.  When the microwave dinged it just didn't feel right.  It looked very mushy and soft.  We added another minute... and another... and another.  Finally removed and I was the guinea pig.  The eggs were pale yellow almost gray and they were still too moist.  7 minutes total cooking time.  I chalked it up to the pepper and onions releasing their liquid while cooking and decided to make some for the kiddies.  My daughter refused to eat them saying they felt too mushy.  It was two eggs and grated cheese.  It needed 4.5 minutes.  At that point, the Hubby and I decided that we didn't like this 'convenient' gadget and would return to the old fashioned way.  Our microwave is an over the range 1200 watt that is fully operational.I honestly can't really recommend the product.  Take the 10 minutes total cooking time including prep and pull out your omelet pan in the morning.  You will be rewarded with a fluffy omelet that not only looks good but tastes phenomenal.  The microwave omelet cooker cannot achieve a nice crust on your eggs if you so desire.  For that matter it cannot even cook them properly.  Stay away!
I was disappointed in this Bissell carpet cleaner. It's very similar to theBISSELL ReadyClean PowerBrush Upright Deep Cleaner, Blue, 47B2but does not suck the water back up as well as theBISSELL ReadyClean PowerBrush Upright Deep Cleaner, Blue, 47B2does.TheBISSELL ReadyClean PowerBrush Upright Deep Cleaner, Blue, 47B2has a beater bar that that was the only difference that I could tell between the two cleaners. But after using this Bissell carpet cleaner, the white one, on my carpet, my carpet was still pretty wet so I got out theBISSELL ReadyClean PowerBrush Upright Deep Cleaner, Blue, 47B2and sucked up a lot more water out of my carpet with the blue carpet cleaner. There was a noticeable difference in performance of the two.I do not recommend this one, spend the few extra dollars and get theBISSELL ReadyClean PowerBrush Upright Deep Cleaner, Blue, 47B2. I really like theBISSELL ReadyClean PowerBrush Upright Deep Cleaner, Blue, 47B2and recommend it. I've had really good results with that one.
Owning an 80 lb dog with beige carpets can be troublesome sometimes.  Especially in winter.  I have used numerous carpet cleaners over the years and have been happy with most.  However, this cleaner did not perform to my expectations.  The brushes don't spin so you can't really deep clean.  Its good for picking up spilled water, and probably light fresh stains.  However, if you have dirty carpets and do a cleaning every 3 months or so, this won't do you much good.  It's also very small so it is more useful for spot cleaning, and not so much for whole house cleanings.  Maybe if I didn't have a dog who tracked dirt inside the house, it would have been a different story.  From my experience, I would skip this.
Sometimes when you look at a product's marketing, you realize that it has one thing going for it and that's what they're pushing. In this case, this carpet cleaner is quite light, even fully laden with water, it's easy to push and even easier to carry. That's about it when it comes to positive features.As it happens, Amazon sent me another carpet cleaner last month for review, theHoover SteamVac Spinscrub 50. While I didn't think the Hoover was a premium product, it at least it got the job done, and this cleaner makes me think better of it.Here are a few things to look for in better substitutes. How fast does the device remove water? I'll go with the bare feet test here, if you step on a patch of damp carpet that you've been removing water/solution from for several passes, it had best not squish like a saturated sponge between your toes. Does it have a large water reservoir, and a large waste water reservoir?  Are you in danger of sloshing the waste water tank when emptying it because it has no obvious upside? Do the brushes actually move?Oh, and it would be nice if worked on stairway (a problem the Spinscrub also has).So, I could not recommend this cleaner unless lightness is your absolute dominant need.
I'm a fan of my Bissell vacuum cleaner, but not of this carpet cleaner.  Bissell (as well as other manufacturers) makes other carpet cleaners that make this one a poor choice.The unit is easy to assemble and easy to operate.  It's lightweight and not difficult to store.  The water tank is relatively large in relation to the size of the unit, and easy to use.But:(1) The "beater brush" doesn't beat!  It's not powered, so it just sits there, and serves virtually no purpose beyond the very minor scrubbing that happens as you move the machine back and forth.(2) The machine has no hand-held attachment for spot cleaning, so no matter how small the job, you have to run the whole machine over it.As a result, the machine doesn't do a very good job at cleaning carpets that are really soiled.  It's fine for fresh spills--definitely better than dabbing at it with a rag.  But for very little more money, Bissell itself makes a carpet cleaner that has a powered brush (the PowerLifter PowerBrush Upright Steam Carpet Cleaner), making it more effective for general cleaning, and one that has both a powered brush and a hose with spot-cleaning attachment, making it far more convenient and effective for cleaning up fresh spills (the ProHeat Upright Deep Cleaner).  Either is a better choice.
Note: the "Ruby" color, if you are familiar with fashion catalogues, is more of a "Rhubarb".  It's a very nice color but less deep wine than deep brownish-pink; a color favored by women and also men because it's not too girly.Conceptually, I can see why people would want hands free anti-wardrobe-malfunction security coming out of the shower in a public (gym) environment. But here's what I didn't like about this brand:1 - Thin microfiber:  It's cool, which is nice for summer, and it's very absorbent for the weight, but it snags on skin that you didn't even know had a rough spot. I mean any micro-irregularity in the skin gets caught on the microfiber.  Not a nice feeling, and I'm guessing that this is why high end bath towels are still made of cotton, for the most part.On top of that, the fabric doesn't really "hang" nicely.  See the pics I've posted - I can't tell if it's a fiber or sewing flaw, or both, but the inset hem on the right and left side openings of the robe are puckered and distorted on my sample.2 - Velcro: If you think microfiber catches on skin, you should see what happens when it comes into contact with Velcro.  Unless you are painstakingly, meticulously careful, you will snag the microfiber with the Velcro frequently.  The fabric near the Velcro on mine has already suffered considerable, visible little Velcro "tug" marks over just a few days of use.3 - The fit.  My model in the pics I've uploaded has a 36 inch bust and probably a 32 inch measurement right below the armpit where the garment wraps.  She can comfortably wrap the wrap so that all the Velcro is covered; those more than a few inches wider on that smaller measurement will probably want to wrap it looser for comfort.  Which is alright, in terms of modesty, up to I'm guessing at least a 44 inch circumference right under the arms, but you'll have white-colored Velcro noticeably exposed.If I get another of these, I'll look for button or snap closures and plush terry or at least somewhat heavier material that drapes better.  Assuming some level of personal dexterity, I'd say it's pretty safe just to get one of those extra long bath or beach towels at the gym - if you tuck securely, wardrobe malfunction risk will be at a minimum.  As for the pool...not really elegant. Better to dry down with an absorbent beach towel and then don one of those coverup dresses.
This product works well enough.  It is a nice deep red color.  However, it just seems very cheaply made.  There's a velcro strip that runs across the top and that's how it fastens.  It's shorter than it looks here.  The material isn't that nice.  It just seems cheap all around.  I would not recommend it.
I got this as a gag gift for my golfing friend and he was almost insulted when I gave it to him. Cheep looking gold and MADE IN CHINA is not going to impress anyone. Maybe as a stocking stuffer gag gift, but I'm sure it will intensionally be left somewhere on the golf course for someone else to pickup!It's '6 in 1'which means you can use it for these 3 things:Bottle Opener (for drinker's only, aren't most twist off these days?)Can Opener (for can tab tops, not regular cans, for lazy golfers ;-)Cigar Holder (how many of you really smoke on the greens? Okay, yah, this is tradition)Divot Tool (will be well used)Club Rest (might use, but not very stable)Ball Maker (will be well used)So, really this tool would be used for 2 things: divot and marker....If you're looking for a ball marker alone and what to get something classy, you're going to pay $10-200. Chamber's bay sells a really classy one for $20, much nicer finish...says 2015 US open and much more commemorative and long lasting gift. Or, check out ebay, for a Scotty Cameron ball marker and you're going to pay $60-$120. Not an all-in-one like this 19th hole...so if you're looking for a novelty item in a cheezy price range, this might be the one for you after all LOL!1 star rating mainly given since it's super-chessy looking AND made in CHINA!!! Let's keep jobs in USA!
CONSTRUCTION:Nice large rear wheels should keep it from tipping over unless you really yank it around.  Black plastic matte finish.  A push button top in the front opens to reveal an upholstery and crevice tool that are easy to get to.  I question the durability of the thin, plastic hinges, though.  You may snap the lid off if you're not careful.  Sturdy metal extension handle with a push button extender that's easy to use in order to raise or lower the height.  There is also a plastic push-button slider at the top but it seems Bissell has deliberately made the holes so tiny that you can't use it to vacuum the things you may pick up.  Plan on having to turn the cleaner toward you to suck up anything you might pick up or you'll have to disconnect the hose each time.  Either way it's annoying.Both the on/off button and the cord rewind buttons are on the rear of the machine.  There is a raised plastic symbol to help you determine which is which.  Because the machine and symbols are both black it's hard to see which is which unless you're in good light.  Eventually you'll remember which button does what but I wish the symbols were easier to distinguish.As with every canister vacuum I've used in the past, the "flexible" plastic hose doesn't bend easily. There's an obvious need to keep it from kinking while pulling the vacuum around, but plan on fighting with it when putting it away for later use. The hose is also very, very short compared to the old canister vacuums I remember. This hose just barely reaches from the canister to the top of the handle.  As a result, you'll likely find this canister bumping into the back of your feet as you pull it around.  Step backwards and you'll likely trip over it.  Notice how the lady in the product pictures still has the metal wand attached when dusting the curtains?  Consider the tops of bookshelves, dressers, or anything else neck high or higher that you may want to reach with just the flexible hose and a dusting attachment.  You will not be able to reach these this vacuum unless you pick up the entire machine first.No motorized beater bar, on the vacuum head, just a brush you can raise and lower with your foot.  That's ok if you have hardwood or laminate floors but I think it's necessary if you have carpeting.OPERATION:Unlike the picture shown in the images, you'll need to sit the canister upright to change the bag because 1) you'll likely need two free hands to remove the bag and, 2) you'll fight to keep the lid open.  Then you slide the cardboard bag holder out of a plastic retainer that holds the bag firmly in place. It's a little awkward at first but not too difficult.  The bags come with an innovative tab that you can pull to lock the dust in place before removing the bag but I'll be surprised if it keeps you from getting your hands dirty when changing the bag.The Bissell comes with 5 bags, including one pre-installed.  The cynical side of me imagines it's preinstalled because some idiot will forget to install the bag first and ruin the machine.  These bags do not appear to have a lot of capacity compared to an upright vacuum.  I expect you'll be changing these more frequently, I'm guessing 50-75% more.  This is really bad, and I'll explain why.The vacuum comes with both a pre-motor filter inside the vacuum bag compartment and a HEPA and post-motor filter in the rear of the machine.  Only the post-motor filters can be washed and from what I am gathering based on the available replacement parts, Bissell is forcing you to buy these filters in order to get replacement bags.  Five bags plus the filters will run you $20 plus shipping on the Bissell site, a price that seems like a cash grab to me.  Beware.This model comes with a so-called one-year warranty, however it does NOT cover fans, belts, or brushes.  In other words, any of the items that are likely to break.  Made in China, of course.  Frankly, everything about this vacuum, from the short hose to the thin plastic, to the worthless warranty screams cheap, cheap, cheap.  I just wish we started making stuff that lasts instead of cheap throwaway plastic items that break easily.  Factor in the cost of the expensive replacement bags and filters and bagless vacuums start to seem like a better value over time.  I would not recommend this vacuum unless you absolutely cannot afford a better vacuum and you don't plan to use it on carpeting.
PROS:-The cannister is lightweight and easy to pull along when vacuuming. Even if you carry it, it weighs less than most upright vacuums.-The cord is long enough to stretch through an entire room and has an efficient cord rewind.-The telescoping wand clicks into place and won't collapse on itself like other vacuum wands might.-It comes with 2 extra nozzles for upholstry and molding.-It has a powerful suction that works great on bare floors.-There are multiple choices for suction strength depending on what you are using it for. You do have to bend over and push a button though.CONS;-The cannister is lightweight enough that it tips over onto it's back now and then. We call it "turtling".-The vacuum head does not have rollers to make for a smooth sweep on carpeting, especially textured carpeting.-It will suck up area rugs and you have to pull them out.-The exhaust vent is on the top of the cannister and blows very hot air.-The storage cabinet on the cannister for the extra nozzles is very flimsy.-$129 is a bit expensive when you can buy a nice upright for cheaper.So, it would work perfectly for someone with a small house or apartment with mostly bare floors. The powerful suction is it's best feature. But I don't think I would recommend it to anyone for carpet use. I would recommend the company supply the Opticlean with a rolling vacuum nozzle to make that easier.
What an attractive appliance with a dual use concept.  The steamer slips into the base easily and snaps out with a twist of a button located on the back.  I was impressed with the sleek, attractive design until I decided to give it a whirl on the board.  There's a third purpose with this iron ~ you're basically lifting weights while ironing.  Man is it heavy !!!The steamer is light and clicks into the iron base.  Steaming works fine for small jobs.  However if you want to iron with steam, you're in for a surprise.  If your setting is on steam, a steady stream of steam continues to come from the iron (even when its setting upright while adjusting material.)  If steam is set to off, you should be able to press a button for a shot of steam but that is not the case.  Not only did this disenchant me with the concept but my arm started to hurt and get tired rather quickly. Again - Man is it heavy !!It's combersome too. Be prepared for aggravation as you attempt to press delicate edges and around buttons.  It's a brute of an iron.  One might think that a bigger iron will press clothes faster, better and neater - I can assure you that's not the case.  This brute is one of the larger, heavier irons I've ever used.  It takes tons of effort to lift and tons of patience to manuever and yet it's only doing half of what a lighter, smaller iron would accomplish (in much less time I might add.)If you're like me, a steamer isn't something I use all the time.  The iron - now that's like an added appendage.  If this "steam and press" were lighter, and smaller, I wouldn't mind having a 'two in one'. But, alas, I don't want the muscles in my right arm to be noticably larger than the left so I'll opt for a lighter weight, smaller iron for ease of use.Yet a third use for this item?  Weight lifting anyone?  If you lift weights and are ambidextrous, you can use this item to get your workout while you're pressing clothes.  Just 40 minutes a day, alternating between left and right hands every 10 minutes, you too can have sleek, chisled upper and forearm muscles!In all seriousness, this item is bulky, weighty, and I know it's not making my "ironing day" any easier!
I am the queen of irons... And this one was a little ambitious and didn't succeed too well on either.  So the steamer is nice and light even when filled with water, but the steaming is limited to a very small area and only worked well on light material and wool.  Kinda exhausting trying to steam out creases in cotton and linen.  It was not that effective, and I had to refil twice to get one light knit creases.  The attached and detachment to the iron plate was a simple click of a switch, but it was awful, it was heavy and really no good.  Remember the small area where the steam comes out.. Well that is the same area that creates the heat and steam for the whole iron base!!!  Crikey, I was exhausted and had to keep ironing over and over again to get a 70% result.  Remember I had to refil for steaming, well the small water holder will keep you running to the tap for a fill up.  Ooh yeah, not that I needed another plastic water cup, this iron does not come with one.  So beware if you plan to make this your main iron.  Didn't love it.  I wanted to as I love the dual use, but this iron needs going back to the design stage.
When I first read the description for the Yube Cube I was so excited to get this product but when I finally recieved the product I was very disappointed.The directions were useless and very misleading and the quality of this product was very poor. Trying to get the legs attached to the bottom was so exhausting that I finally gave up and just sat it on the floor without attaching the legs.The Yube Cube set was a nightmare to assemble and just when I thought I had it all figured out my cube fell apart. I was so frustrated with this product that I completely gave up until I had an idea and went to YouTube to find a how to video. I was able to completely assemble my product with the help of the YouTube video and I recommend that you watch the video instead of trying to follow the instructions, but I still was not able to attach the legs.
I decided to use this system as a table/ storage area by our front door in our tiny apartment. When it came and I took it out of the box I was a little disappointed. It was even cheaper looking in person. My Husband proceeded to put it together and it was an ordeal. He said the instructions were "worse than instructions from IKEA". He ended up having to take some of it back apart to fix some steps he had missed and to try to get everything to fit together properly.Function wise the cube system is very flimsy and I would not place anything valuable in/on it. It came with a manual showing huge entertainment centers built out of these and that is not realistic. For one the cubes are too weak to hold that much weight and it also would cost a fortune to do something like that. We assembled it as pictured and the "door" on the bottom cube has a weak magnet that is supposed to keep it closed. The magnet doesn't really work because it doesn't "catch". This may be an issue if you have kids. Although you could always leave the door off of the cube if you want.For my purposes it works fine. It sits by the door and holds keys, wallets, cell phones and magazines/mail. If you are looking for something heavy duty; this is not it. Due to the Yube Cube being so cheap looking, difficult to put together and way overpriced; it is getting two stars. I would not recommend this product, especially at this price.
When I opened this, I thought "wow" this looks really sturdy.  Unfortunately, the pieces just don't fit together right.  The corner brackets don't seat properly.  Also, I only got one cube to even be halfway seated properly.  I decided to only use one cube.  I like the look and the feet fit nice, but it just doesn't go together properly.  The plastic shelf isn't going to hold much weight either.I applaud the use use of renewable resources, but I can't recommend this product.
I was really excited to get this because I love organization and shelves and this seemed like a neat idea. But OMG after trying to put it together? There is NO WAY ON EARTH I would pay the current price for this. Probably not even at half the price.The outside of the box says "Assembles in minutes! No tools required!" So I thought "Hey, I will put this together instead of waiting for my husband." So imagine my surprise when I pull out one of the instruction sheets and see that a screwdriver is required. I looked at the time so I'd be able to tell how long it took me.Well, the instructions are pretty much like Ikea instructions--just pictures and arrows. But it didn't seem like it would be that bad because there were really only a handful of parts. So I start following the directions and things seemed to be going okay--the sides are labeled FRONT so that really helps. So I get to the part where I have to put the shelf in and I thought "Hey, cool, the clear plastic shelf is covered in that sticky stuff to protect it!" Except it doesn't peel off nicely (see uploaded photos). And as a bonus, both the shelf AND the door is covered in that crap and it took probably 10 minutes just to get it mostly off (I left some and will go back later if I decide I care enough) and that was scratching with my fingernails to get it started and then pulling off tiny sections at at time. NO THANKS.The outside of the plastic shelves are a soft white cardboard-like material. That's nuts. Any nicks or dings show immediately. I cannot imagine having this near kids--there's no possible way to clean it.Then you have to put in the tiny metal pegs to hold the blocks together. Except they don't fit nicely into the little holes so I had to smack them in with the end of the screwdriver (because I refused to go get ANOTHER TOOL for this "no tools required" project) but they're SO tiny that it was really difficult and I smashed my fingers more than once.The door wasn't easy, either (but at least the sticky protective crap was only on one side). The first side snapped in super easy. The second side? Not so much. I'm not sure what the problem was, but it would not go in. WOULD NOT. I tried from all angles--and there was no way my thumb was snapping it into place. I had to get out the screwdriver and try to push it in--which started to bend/break the plastic piece so I went to the handle of the screwdriver which finally got it in. SERIOUSLY? And the magnetic closure really isn't a strong magnet. I think it would stay closed just on its own pressure without that.So now it was time for the feet. Oh, wait, those instructions weren't ANYWHERE on the other two sheets so now I have to turn the thing over--but I already have the little metal pegs on the top (that help with connecting the two cubes) and in the process of tipping the cube over, I ripped out two of the metal pegs WITH the plastic pieces, and of course one of the plastic pieces snapped. Ugh. And oh, you have to remove the black plastic inserts in order to get the feet in. I'm not sure how you can do this without a tool (knife, flat head screwdriver, etc.) unless you want to bust all your nails. So I did have to go get a tiny flat head screwdriver to help pop them out. So I get the feet on--and this is where you actually need the screwdriver.Putting the two cubes together was actually easier than I thought, considering you had to align four of those tiny metal pegs...but I think the added heft of the top cube was enough to make pushing them together easier.And I ended up with four extra metal pegs. I have no idea if they were supposed to be extra??? But I even used more than I was supposed to (it only says to connect the cubes with two metal pegs but I used four) so who knows.The last pieces were the "mating clips" which are supposed to provide the unit extra support. What a joke. They don't stay on at all. Well, one side stays on, but the side where the door hinge is? When you open the door, it hits the clip and it pops right off at you. Scared the crap out of me the first time. And there doesn't appear to be anywhere ELSE for them to go? Well, I know for sure I'm not putting this thing into heavy use, so I'm skipping the clips.Time elapsed? 60-freaking-minutes. And I still need to peel off the protective covering. AY-YI-YI. No thank you.I was going to give it three stars for "It's okay" but it just had too many issues to even be considered okay so it gets two stars.
So these things are basically snap together cubes that you can configure in a number of shapes. Each cube consists of a set of panels which lock together in a very specific way, and a thin cardboard back.Putting this together is supposed to be quite easy and only require a screwdriver for a couple of tasks. Because of the lock-together design, these things have incredibly tight tolerances. The way the back slides in means that the 3rd and 4th side panels are frustrating to get correctly into place. Forget it if there is any warping of the plastic. The corner pins are supposed to snap in. I could not get a single on to snap, and none of them would push by hand to the flush position.The door and shelf assembly that came with mine were incredibly easy to install.If you are stacking or attaching a couple of cubes together, I would recommend doing it in place. The way they are secured by corner pins doesn't keep them together during moving.On the positive side, the plastic construction seems quite durable. I can see this being a good thing for the college dorm.
I replaced an iron that leaked water from the holding tank. You would fill the tank in the morning and it would all leak out by the next day. It was very frustrating. However, this iron leaks too.I like the easy water fill from the sink, as you are able to fill it horizontally. It is convenient as opposed to filling it vertically and using a cup. However, water leaks from the bottom of the iron. Then, when ironing water leaks from the bottom in big streaks - soaking the garment which is frustrating when you are getting ready in the morning and having to put on items are are clearly wet.This morning, I was ironing a crew-neck merino wool sweater (without any buttons) and "unclicked" the steam button and changed the setting to "wool." I gave the iron enough time to heat up and the green light signaled it was ready to go. However, my sweater took several passes to actually get the wrinkles out. I have several of these J.Crew sweaters and never have this problem - they usually are quick and easy to iron. I actually thought it was ironed put it down and went back to it because I could still see the wrinkles. This is is a normal experience with this iron.This is an expensive iron and it is not worth paying the price if it functions worse that a $20 iron. Perhaps I have a defective one, regardless, I cannot recommend you spend your hard warned money on this iron. There are plenty more options available, at a lower price point, that do a better job.
This little vacuum has proved to be just about useless for me. My house is 70% hardwood, but I have large area rugs (most of which are dark in color) in every room that has hardwood. I also have a white, long-haired American Eskimo dog. This vacuum does a terrible job at picking up the pet hair on the rugs. Sometimes I have to go over the same spot 3 to 4 times to get it all.There is absolutely zero glide on the rugs. To effectively vacuum a rug with this, you need to start with the vacuum head far away from you at the top of the rug, then pull it back toward you. Pick it up, move over a bit, place it back at the top of the rug, and pull towards you. Make sense? It's just like the vacuum hoses at the car wash...all suction, no glide. They way you clean your car carpets is how you'll have to clean your house carpets.The canister is very light and simple to empty, but I found that it kept falling over onto it's side as I pulled it around. The first couple times this happened I was annoyed, but thought maybe it was just me. I made a point of trying to go slower when I pulled, but it would still tip over if I wasn't super careful.This vacuum DOES work great on hard surfaces though, as well as cleaning under furniture, hanging pictures, curtains, etc. In the end, I think I'm going to give this to my sister. Her apartment is entirely hardwood...no area rugs in the whole place (even though I've tried to get her a couple). Plus it's only one floor, which I think will make this a perfect vacuum for her. If you have area rugs, carpeting, multi-levels or pets that shed, then this is not the vacuum for you. A traditional upright would make things much easier for you.
Seeing this vac titled as "compact", I was expecting to deal with a smaller, lighter vacuum than my regular canister, but the main body was really no great improvement. The width is essentially the same, and it's only shorter lengthwise by a few inches - which doesn't make much difference anyway since the dimension that I wanted smaller to begin with would have been the width so I could drag it along into tighter spaces. The floor cleaning attachment is narrower, so you can reach into some smaller areas, but it also means you have to take more swipes around to clean the average room.The power is fairly weak, and doesn't clean on any sort of fabric/carpet well at all. There are no rotating brushes on the cleaning head, just pure suction and the head does not let you push&pull; since the suction stops you from pushing. You can only lift the cleaning head up and plop it down away from you so you can then pull it toward you to clean over carpet.There is no ergonomic gripping handle to help you manage the hose as you clean the floor. I found my shoulders and hand getting strained before five minutes gripping around the hose. My regular-sized canister at least has a handle, which I find handles the distribution of the weight of the hose better and lets me work the vacuum longer with no strain.The one design I really appreciated about this vacuum was there was a way to clip the floor cleaning head to the back of the vacuum main body so when storing or moving the vacuum, things (hose, etc) stay better contained and don't go sprawling everywhere.I would only pull this vacuum out for light in-between cleaning over hard wood floors, but really would rather save my money entirely for a proper power vacuum that can be used for real cleaning everyday. There is no real advantage size-wise to this vacuum over regular-sized canisters.
I would not recommend purchasing the Oster 14-cup food processor with 5-cup work bowl as it is RoHS compliant meaning it has lead-free part/solder construction; it is difficult to put together and use; and it is loud. The RoHs compliance means the food processor will probably not last long. Also, there is a 1-year warranty for the Oster 14-Cup Food Processor with 5-Cup Mini Chopper. The food processor is light and has suction feet to presumably help keep the machine from moving.Also, the food processor arrived with what seemed to have machine grease on the packaging and on the back of the food processor.Do not recommend.
As is the case with another comparably-priced food processor I tried:VillaWare NDVLFP1000there are significant problems with this food processor:*Difficult to assemble parts together so that the security mechanism doesn't trip and keep the machine from starting up.*Light weight means that the suction-cup feet are necessary to keep the machine from traveling around the counter top when in use, and may indicate a less powerful motor (I did not put a heavy load on the machine in my testing).*Very noisy*Pulse mode doesn't immediately stop after switch is released, making it difficult to gauge precise effect.I do understand that one can't compare this model with a much more expensive Cuisinart, for instance. But it might be worth saving up for a model that is likely to last much longer, and is better designed.
Second only to constant reminders to put the toilet seat down after urinating, hand washing is the focus of regular discussion with our two boys (ages 10 and 9). Every bathroom trip is followed by an interrogation by my wife."Did you do it?""Did you use soap?""How long did you do it?""Are you sure you did it?"Sometimes I tell my sons to just start answering the questions once they open the door.We were intrigued by Cuisipro's pitch to reduce soap usage by 75 percent and deliver a better hand-washing experience.The reality is a bit different.The boys like the foam and use it. Yet the suction cup on the bottom of the bottle doesn't create a level base. And handling the black rubber base causes a leak. We place a washcloth beneath the bottle.My oldest son likes to fill the bottle, following the level directions on the bottle. Don't overfill the bottle with liquid soap because it will cause the tube to clog.The bottle is attractive (we chose the chrome styling). We would like it a whole lot better if it could sit level and not leak.Rating: Two starsUPDATE FEB. 2014 -- We finally threw the Cuisipro foam pump in the garbage and opted for another hand soap dispenser. Check out my latest reviews for more information.
This soap dispenser is made of light weight (cheap) plastic.  But what is worse is that it does not stay put even with a suction cup on the bottom.  Definitely keep looking for something better.
TheCrock-Pot SCCPVG000 18-Ounce Electric Gravy Warmer, Whiteis a good idea but it just doesn't work.  One design flaw in particular keeps the gravy from staying warm.  The lid covers the top of the gravy boat but there is a small area between the lid and base located where the gravy pours that is left uncovered and leaves the gravy exposed to air temperatures.  If you have any experience with slow cookers and warmers you know how fast you can loose heat by just taking the lid off to stir.  Since the lid doesn't completely cover the opening you are loosing heat continuously and it's impossible to maintain a consistent temperature.  The gravy at the top is almost lukewarm while the gravy is VERY hot at the bottom of the boat so you can stir the gravy before serving to evenly distribute the temperature but it's still not warm enough.There is no on and off switch.  I do not like kitchen appliances with no option to turn on or off.The cord is too short.The boat does not hold 18 ounces.  It will barely hold 16 ounces.  I prepared two cups of gravy and poured into the boat and it was to the very top, almost running over.  I would put no more than 14 ounces to leave enough room at the top to keep from spilling.I like the size and it is attractive but it's no more functional than a regular gravy boat.
It's a waste of electric and money as far as I'm concerned. Since you need to microwave or heat the gravy before placing it in the warmer , why not just microwave  or make it  before bringing it to the table. In addition the lid is not flush with the boat allowing heat to escape when it's in use as a warmer. Interesting idea ,poorly executed.
After taking the item out of the box I noticed the lid was cracked. There is a drip of the finish on the handle making it look cheesy and the item was not as pretty as I hoped it would be. I thought the finish inside was poor as well as it looked like a fingerprint inside the crock but that washed off. It does still have rough spots inside.To use the item for gravy it must be heated before putting it in the crock-pot base. The instructions say the gravy server can be put into the microwave to heat it and then it can be used with the base to keep it warm unplugging the cord before serving.Back to the lid, I called the warranty number and they said because the item was received from Amazon as a gift to review that I needed to contact them. The representative was curteous and polite but did not send a new lid.Overall, I pictured the item for holiday use but the finish on my ceramic pieces really don't look as nice as I hoped and the lid is not as durable as the glass lids offered on regular crock-pots. I am not inspired to use it.  My daughter thought it would be cool if it cooked her soups but where food needs to be heated or microwaved first it really is pointless. The item seems less useful than I hoped.It really doesn't feel like a nice shape and weight to pour, very awkward to hold.
I initially loved my Mr. Coffee but it died in less than four months. Longevity appears to be an issue as this machine is on the market longer. I can see where other people had the same problems. It's a shame because when it worked, it worked great.
This is one big espresso maker.  It takes up a lot of space on the counter.  Also, it has a lot of parts that need to be washed each time you use it, which makes the morning routine more of a chore.It does make a decent cup of coffee.  You can choose between two cups to hold the coffee in.  A small one for a single shot and a larger one for a double shot.  There are buttons to select a single or double shot of espresso, cappuccino or latte.  You can also mix it up and make it anywhere in between.The espresso button gives you espresso with a nice cremora.  The cappuccino dispenses milk into the glass first, then the espresso.  The milk is sort of warm, but not hot.  It also doesn't really foam.  More like bubbles.  The latte dispenses warm milk into the cup then the espresso.  After trying each type, I decided on dispensing warm milk via the latte setting, stopping that, dispensing espresso, then dispensing the faux foam via the cappuccino button.Why don't I like this?  Because the hot, foam is very important to both lattes and cappuccinos.  A latte is supposed to have 1/3 coffee, 1/3 hot milk, and 1/3 hot foam.  This machine does not give you that.  Also, the milk/foam should go in last, not first.  And, as I said before, it takes up a lot of space.  If this was a great appliance, I'd make room.  But not for mediocre cappuccinos.
On the plus side it's a nice and big towel, the pinstripe design on the edge is very handsome, and it's extremely absorbent.  However, on the negative side this towel is not soft at all.  It feels like thin carpet right out of the bag, and even after washing it, it still feels rough and a little scratchy.  This is probably going to end up with the pool towels.
Yes, these are VERY thick.  I received two washcloths.  The terry loops are tight and the overall look of the towel cloth is plush.What you cannot see in the photo is that all four sides of this towel are bound in white cotton.  This points to a much cheaper-to-make product because they can weave a huge piece of cloth, cut it into squares, bind the edges and make way more towels per run of cloth.  Traditionally towels are only bound on the ends and are woven to the final width.  There were unsnipped threads hanging off all the edges.  Stitching was not careful.I washed and dried the items.  The original size of each washcloth was 12 x 12.5.  It shrunk a full inch in each direction - within normal for cotton.  BUT the white binding shrunk more, puckering the edges.  And on one of the cloths, the white binding had not been sewed on properly and it detached, leaving a very frayed terry edge.  Some of the terry loops broke or came loose, leaving threads on the towel surface.The only thing impressive about these towels was the thickness of the fabric.  The rest was junk.  I would not buy them and would not recommend them.
I don't like this towel. As advertised, it is hotel-like, but I don't like it in my home.The towel is too thick to really dry your body (i.e., doesn't fit your body's contours), and it's too coarse.Unless your decor is all whites and neutrals, you might find that what's elegant in a hotel looks drab in a house.
If you've ever stayed at a mid-priced hotel, try to think of the towels they provide your bathroom with.Did you like them?  If so, great, cause that's pretty much the towel you're getting here.Apparently Amazon figured that if people were stealing hotel towels, they must be desperate to have some at home, so why not sell them?Personally I've never been envious of Holiday Inn's crappy towels, so if you're hoping for soft and fluffy, you're not getting it here.
My review is for both the Pinzon washcloths and the Pinzon hand towel since Amazon won't let me write a separate review for each. Portugal has always been known for fine textiles but these leave a lot to be desired. The terry is stiff, even after 3 washes, and the trim on the end makes that end even stiffer. The edges appear to be either finished off with seam binding or turned up and hemmed, which looks cheap. The washcloths are a standard size, the hand towel is a generous size for a hand towel. I also have the Hotel Stitch shower curtain with black trim and that is very nice, which makes these towels and washcloths all the more disappointing to me.Pinzon Hotel Stitch Shower Curtain, Taupe
I was excited to receive this as I have a large 8 quart pot with a missing cover. The 12 inch cover fit on top perfectly. I was making chicken soup. After a while the fat from the soup condensed into all the little holes. It was very difficult to lift the cover to stir the soup for 2 important and disappointing messy reasons.1- Lifting it on either side was too hot for my hands.2- As soon as I picked the cover up to stir since it is now on a slant - soup started spilling down on my burner and stove.. This is from the underside. When I wanted to stir again I then moved the cover over and one side dripped all over. I had a mess to clean up afterwards. I like to put the cover in the sink when removing or checking food but I had to use both hands to carry the cover over my dish drainer while it dripped. It was that or the floor. Very messy and inconvenient.  I certainly wouldn't want to fry any thing under this and have hot oil all over the place. I won't use this again.The plus is that the smaller one is wonderful to cover items in the microwave. The steam releases from the holes and everything heats up very evenly. I use this as a tray if the bowl gets too hot. I immediately flip the splatter guard over and slip it under the dish. This then acts as a tray to carry the item out of the microwave onto the table without having to touch a hot dish.It is very easy to clean. Just a little dish washing liquid and it is spotless and greaseless.I feel this is too expensive for it's limited and disappointing use .
I generally have had good results with the wire-mesh-and-handle style of splatter shields - the trick is to find a high quality one (which I did review for Amazon some years back) - but I use them so much that I decided to try this Silicone version.I am sorry to report that the splatter shield set (one smaller, one larger) was a complete failure from my point of view. Before even getting ready to use them I noticed that they are extremely unattractive (being a flat plastic-y black) and much more importantly, are almost completely opaque. Consequently you cannot see the food cooking underneath and the shield tends to be more like a cover than a splatter shield, generating dripping condensation on the food rather than simply collecting the grease coming upwards.Once I tried to use the larger shield on a oven top grill pan cooking bacon I also discovered that the shield heats up after only a minute or so on top of your cook pan, and since the handles are part of the shield and not at all extended away from the source of heat, you have to use oven mitts to take the shield on and off to see if your food is cooked. The handles are a really poor design.I can't possibly recommend this product - the shield set is too ugly to use for anything else and completely ineffective for cooking.Having said that, I should point out that they do actually work relatively well as "trivets" since they are the right size for 10 and 12 inch pans.
Update: I'm downgrading this product from 4 stars to 2 stars. The brewer is now leaking coffee from around where the plunger button is located. The filter assembly has also come off the base a bit, allowing even more grounds to bypass the filter. Look for something else.----This brewer has a decent capacity of 2 real cups (16 ounces). The coffee grounds steep well with enough room, allowing for proper flavor extraction like you get with a French press. The design of the filter (it's like an inverted bowl) allows for fast drainage (about 12 seconds with coarse ground coffee), which I prefer over the cone shaped pour-overs. The coffee tastes great since you control the temperature and time, like with a French press. The body is not as thick as with a French press, since the filter is a finer mesh - there is still a bit of sludge in the cup though, which I don't mind.Yes, it's plastic, but there's no weird flavor imparted by it. And my coffee is still hot after a 4 minute brew, so I haven't had the cold coffee issue as some other have. I do use just boiled water though, since I figure the temperature will drop considerably when I pour it into the brewer.I really just have one significant issue with the brewer: The filter is secured by a plastic disc of sort at the bottom of the brewer. There is space around the disc where some of the coffee grounds can get trapped. After using for a week, I've noticed that ground coffee has migrated to the other side of the filter. Since the filter is not removable, the particles are going to be stuck there.For twenty bucks, I'd consider some competing options which I think are designed better. The closest design with a removable filter for easier cleaning is the Handy Brew Coffee Dripper, which unfortunately is not available on Amazon.
A different take on a coffee/tea press that removes the need for a tea-ball, but comes up short in actual use.Since I already have a favorite coffee maker, I mostly focused on this device for making tea.  While it worked as designed, bits of the loose tea leaf (Republic of Tea green) immediately got caught inside under the lip, or inside the mesh-- and the unit can't be disassembled to be cleaned.  I suspect that after not too many more uses, the unit would be pretty badly crudded up inside.  Also noteworthy is the Easy Brew doesn't balance well on my larger mugs, where a nudge caused it to shift and threatened to spill its scalding-hot contents.While I didn't make coffee with the Easy Brew, typically one should stir the hot water and coffee grounds in a press-style maker, but with 2 cups of water + grounds inside, this unit would likely be too full to stir easily.Although the Easy Brew is food-grade plastic, I would have liked to see a blurb about BPA-free (there's no such statement).  I understand the appeal of unbreakable plastic, but my preferred choice of materials for something like this would be a silicone exterior with tempered-glass interior.  I'm actually surprised this is not silicone, since Kuhn Rikon makes other silicone kitchenwares.  The plastic also looks cheap, like a child's toy.I drink coffee every day and tea multiple times a day, so I'm always interested in new tools to enjoy my favorite beverages.  I want to like this one (it's colorful, it's innovative), but unfortunately it's neither so attractive nor so functional as to find a place in my routine.  It's not easy to clean nor as stable as a tea-ball in a mug, and for coffee, a french-press would work just as well or better.  Not recommended.
I've bound Amazon's house brand's Pinzon towels for several years now, since a friend told me that they compare favorably to Restoration Hardware's premium towels.  When I ordered this one I didn't pay much attention to the weight but when I opened the box I immediately noticed.  This towel is much lighter than it's 820 gram sibling and is very ordinary.  At this price you can do much better at TJ Maxx in the towel section where you'll find a heavier weight towel for about the same price.  Or better yet order the Pinzon 820 gram versionPinzon Luxury 820-Gram Cotton Bath Towel, Whitefor just a little more and you'll be amazed at the luxury--and the durability.I also noticed that this towel had several broken stitches which resulted in threads hanging off the towel where the stitches had broken...so instead of seeing just a one dimensional towel surface there are several threads sticking out of the towel.Overall, for this price, you can do better...and for a little more you can get the heavier weight from Pinzon which is not only nicer but seems to be produced with more quality control (no loose/broken stitches).Hope this helps.
I really didn't like this toaster oven much. It all comes down to the dials. I hate them. First, they are VERY hard to read, at least in my kitchen, under the counter. I shouldn't have to lean over close to the over, straining to read the labels, to know if it's on the right setting, temperature, whatever. They also just make operating the oven so much more complicated than I care for. I am used to ovens that you just hit a button to turn them on, set the temperature, and go. Having to turn one dial to set the temperature, another for mode, another for time (which may or may not be enough to get the food cooked, so you have to turn it again and again) is just annoying and not at all how a normal oven works. Having used other toaster ovens with more logical controls, albeit that might cost a tad more, I cannot go back to this kind of annoying dial mechanism again.
Tried this out today.  Wanted to test it on frozen hamburgers. Here's the flaw: the safety handle is supposed to be pushed down and in turn pushes a little white button back and that turns the unit on.  However, that little plastic button is so tight and slightly rounded that it pushes back on the handle and pops the handle back into the off position. So I had to hold it down while cooking.  If it was not for this MAJOR problem I would have to say that the hamburgers were done beautifully and a lot of the grease is take out and away from the food. So I assume it would be healthy to cook with this appliance.  However, I don't want to stand for 18 minutes holding down that handle.  If someone knows of a fix for that please let me know.
I should have known that this cooker would be too good to be true, but I was really curious about whether it would work. As a vegetarian who follows a very low-fat diet with no added oils, I was intrigued by the promise in the title of "oil-less" frying. Would it work? Sadly, no.The fryer has a large, sturdy glass bowl, however it took up a lot of space on my counter. The cord is really short, also, so it needs to be close to an outlet. I am 5'6", but getting food out of the deep, hot bowl was very awkward, and the fryer comes with a metal extender ring to make it even taller, but cautions that the metal becomes very hot, so that would make it even harder to get food out of it. I can't imagine how a shorter person would handle this cooker if it was placed on a standard kitchen counter.I made french fries (twice) and onion rings in the fryer, using no oil. I made a mistake with the first round of fries and put them in the lower rack, so when they came out under-cooked and only slightly browned around the edges, I thought it was my fault. However, my second batch on the high rack turned out even worse. They were cooked through, but did not brown at all. The onion rings didn't fare any better. They were slightly crisp, but not browned. I suspect that the manufacturer knows this and has included a spray bottle that you can use to spray oil on the food if desired. I felt that this was a little fraudulent, since it says "oil-less fryer" right in the name.Another thing I didn't like was the timer. Most analog timers allow one to dial the timer to a higher number, then pull it down to the correct time that you want. The instructions in the manual state that this should never be done and will damage the timer, so if you accidentally set it for too many minutes, you're supposed to wait until the correct time and then put your food in. That's inconvenient. Also, although the bowl is large and deep, the mesh basket that holds the fries/onion rings is really not that large, and only held one large potato and half of a large sweet onion. If I had a family of four it would take me up to an hour just to make fries! Supposedly you can use the bottom rack to cook chicken while you've got fries going in the top rack, but I could definitely see myself getting burnt while trying to fiddle with the cover of the oven, reaching over to get the food out, etc. It's just way too cumbersome.I would have given it one star, but to be fair, I didn't try chicken in it and it does come with a two-year warranty, but to be honest, if you want to make oil-less fries and onion rings, you can make a lot more and get just as good results using your regular oven.
I was really hoping for something that could replace a deep fat fryer this just does not deliver that.  Most of the other reviews really stress the pros and cons of this unit. But I think cleaning up afterwards just takes a little too long to make this an appliance that saves you time. I will say though of course it's way better for you to use this in a deep fryer but I don't know I feel use a deep fryer food taste better just eat less of it.I classify this in the realm of appliances you by and use maybe once or twice and then tucked it away in a cupboard and never use again. And then one day you realize it's there and you either put it at a yard sale or just throw away.Anyway I hope this helps.
Before addressing this product, I would like to refer the reader to another review I did for another supposedly oil-free stir fry machine, the T-Fal: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1Q2MSN70XINB0/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B005GM15HE&linkCode;=&nodeID;=&tag;=I criticized the T-Fal for being difficult to clean, limited in volume, good for only a narrow range of cooking (fries mostly), and flimsy. The Big Boss unit is superior to the T-Fal in that it is made of more robust materials, is easier to clean, and has a larger volume. However, it has one major deficiency compared to the T-Fal; it does not stir. The Big Boss simply irradiates the food with a high powered heat lamp and circulates air around it. Whereas the T-Fal has rotating vanes, there is nothing of the kind in the Big Boss. The food just sits there, getting a sunburn in a hot wind, like being caught in the Sirocco blowing in from the deserts of Morocco during the dry season. (Go rent the 1951 Bogart movie and you'll get the idea.) Although the recipe book describes using the unit to 'stir-fry,' I failed to understand what that means, since this unit does not stir at all. There are very few foods that do well with this method, although it might be good for dessicating mummies.What the two units have in common is that both failed miserably at preparing the dish of mixed vegetables I used to test them. Normally I stir fry in a wok or large frying pan, so I was interested to see if it could be done with less oil. I cut chunks of peppers, beets, broccoli, zucchini, onion and fired up the Boss. Unfortunately the results were poor, bordering on inedible. The broccoli with its lacy structure was dessicated into a burned frizzle, while the beets remained uncooked. In a stir fry pan, these all cook approximately uniformly. The word 'uneven' does not begin to describe the result. There may be dishes for which the Big Boss does a better job, but I won't be taking the time to find out. The T-Fal and Big Boss both take up quite a big chunk of kitchen real estate, which is hard to justify unless they give superior or at least quicker results. They don't, and I am not seeing why this unit is better than a stir fry using a little oil in a non-stick wok, the tried and true method. Two stars.PS: Following this review, I did a little research on Emson, a family business which picks up "innovative" kitchen gadgets from here and there - none of which appear to have been tested very thoroughly before being foisted on the public - and markets the bejeezus out of them using "late night infomercial" type hard sell. Judging from the comments here on Amazon for various of these products, good design does not seem to be on Emson's radar screen, nor does warranty or customer service. Emson is just a marketing machine and they probably don't care that very few people buy from them twice. Not my favorite kind of company and I recommend avoiding them.
As a member of a family with a history of heart disease, I thought this would be a great help. But so far I'm not impressed. First, this unit takes up a LOT of space, both in the box and on the counter. And because it's breakable, you don't want to be tossing it around.Second, when I made fries, I followed the directions exactly (and the potatoes were cut pretty thinly), yet they were still undercooked after the suggested cooking time. Adding a bit of cooking time made them too burnt to eat. Maybe I just haven't gotten the hang of it yet, so I'll keep trying and modify my review as time goes on.BOTTOM LINE: Disappointed. Hoping it's just user error and I'll get it right after a while...but it shouldn't be that difficult, either.
First off, this thing is big. Big enough to cook a small turkey (but not big enough to cook a large one). It takes up room on the counter, and since I don't plan to use it every day, I don't really know where to put it. It's too big to fit in any of my cabinets.I cooked a few things, and they came out well, but they were things that would also come out well if I used one of the cooking appliances I already have. For example, I tried making potato wedges. They were sort of yummy. They would have tasted better with more oil on them, but that would defeat the purpose. Anyway, I could put my potato wedges on a cookie sheet in the oven, and they would have also come out yummy. So there is no advantage there. In fact, there is a disadvantage, because you don't have to clean the oven every time you make french fries, but this thing has a great big bowl you have to scrub (it doesn't fit in the sink), as well as a glass lid you can't submerge because the motor is attached to it. Even with the self-cleaning setting, it is still more work than using the plain old oven.The popcorn didn't come out at all. The instructions say 9 minutes at 420 degrees in a shallow pan. I used a pie tin (which fit perfectly) and not one kernel popped. So I let it run for another 10 minutes at the top setting, and less than a quarter of the kernels popped, and the ones that did tasted kind of scorched. So forget it, this isn't the way to make popcorn.For vegetables such as broccoli, you are supposed to wrap in foil. I like foil-wrapped vegies when cooked on my barbecue grill. I can't see any advantage here. Similarly, corn on the cob needs to be steamed over an inch of water. Why not just steam the corn in a pot of water, or wrap in foil and cook on the barbie? Still no advantage, and there is still that big bowl to clean, and all those wire grills and baskets and tongs and stuff.I have a feeling this is one of those appliances that is going to end up on a shelf in the garage, completely forgotten about. There is just no advantage in food quality to justify the extra work involved in assembling, cleaning, and storing this big old white elephant.
This product should, theoretically, be a great asset to any family's kitchen; but it isn't. And here is why:1) Though promoted as "oil-less", the package includes a small bottle that you can fill with oil and spray onto the food prior to cooking. Go figure. You can cook the food without spritzing it with oil, but your results will not be as good. It turns out that oil is pretty essential to the concept, and taste, of frying.2) The box and its included booklets (recipe and instruction manual) show the cooker holding a multi-layer batch of french fries. That's deceptive. The manual and recipe booklet clearly state that in order for the food to get crisp, the food must be spread in a single layer across the cooking rack and/or basket. If you use multiple layers as shown on the box, the food gets soggy (I tried it).3) When food is spread in a single layer, as discussed above, you are unlikely to be cooking enough to feed a family. The basket/rack is only 9 1/2 inches across. So, for example, when I attempted to make the salt-and-pepper potato chips from the recipe booklet, I was able to use 3/4 of an average sized potato. That is all that would fit across the basket and still remain in a single layer. That would never work for a family, but might be okay if you are eating alone and aren't very hungry.4) To have such a narrow cooking service, the appliance itself takes up a great deal of counter space. I couldn't find a single cabinet in my kitchen which was big enough to accommodate this product, so it sits on the counter. Not my preference.So, overall, this is not something I could recommend to someone - at least not for the $120 price tag that it carries. Save your money and oven fry your chicken, potatoes and other food items. The results are about the same and you can cook enough to feed the whole family.
The only way I would recommend this product would be if you do not like using your oven, and are REALLY bad at adapting recipes to use less fat. Spread food out on a baking sheet, roast, and that's pretty close to what this appliance does. In doing a few side-by-side comparisons, the only thing better were potato 'chips'. When I used the convection setting on my oven, there really was very little difference. As far as the 'big plus' of putting frozen foods in it, who thaws tater tots or frozen fries anyway? If you have counter space, and like gadgets, it's kinda cool, but for the price I can't say I'm jazzed.
I am always interested in items that can create delicious food in a healthful way.  Also always interested in doing it in the least cumbersome way possible.The Big Boss really isn't a way I will continue to use often. It is *really* large, doesn't go into the dishwasher and, I don't feel, all that safe. For such a energy sucking item it has a plug that isn't grounded, so not only does it not save on energy usage, you also need to take care with where you use it. I don't find it at all convenient and is tough to store when not in use. It is big and heavy for a kitchen appliance.  I have a very big crock pot and I can compare it somewhat to that for size and weight, except that the food that comes out of the crock pot is very tasty.Though healthy eating is important to me, I feel like it is a 'commitment' when making dinner with this instead of whipping up something healthy and delicious after working all day. My kitchen is truly not small, but I have no where to put this piece of equipment when not in use, so I take it downstairs and store it on a shelf....out of sight, out of mind..., very forgettable.  Now if the taste of the food was somehow enhanced remarkably by the Big Boss, that'd be different, but sadly it is nothing special. Perhaps I need to try more things in it and once I do, if my opinion has changed I will amend my thoughts on this piece of equipment.
It doesn't provide anymore frying abilities than a toaster oven would. The cooking isn't even either. I tried a steak in the product and one portion was cooked well-done thin and the other side medium rare. I didn't expect a whole lot based on the design, but the ability to simulate fried foods is just not here. I was, I admit, excited to see a spray for olive oil which, if applied to foods and cooked hot fast enough could create the crispiness desired. The problem is... it literally sprays a long stream of oil. What is really needed is a mister, which again doesn't change that this is a glorified oven.If you can get past the idea that this is more like a toaster oven than a fryer, you might like the product. It is pretty big, however, not great for a small kitchen, but with the space beneath the food, because of the rack system, I could crisp things up easier than my toaster oven which cannot accommodate keeping foods out of their own juices because of lack of space, that might be useful.The product seems well built, the glass bowl pretty heavy and the heating unit worked just as described, very easy to use... but  I was disappointed with the results. French fries, tatter tots, egg rolls, nothing came out in a status that tasted or felt anything near fried.
I loved this product at first. It was the only shelf I needed in my newly re-tiled shower and it worked great. It has a high weight limit, places to put your razors, holes to put your bottle upside down, and plenty of space. It also *seemed* stable.After a day or so I went to use the bathroom and realized the shelf had come crashing down (we made sure we followed the instructions when placing it). We decided to try again, lower than we had originally placed it. The location is in the back corner of the shower so it doesn't really get wet. It stayed put for a day or two before crashing down again. We tried a few more times with no success so this is basically unusable for us.It seems like it has a number of good reviews so I guess it is working for some people? I wish it did because I love the concept.
We have a fiberglass shower unit that has some shelves, but not enough. I have tried other shower caddies that had the suction cups and I've found that most of them don't work very well - the caddies tend to slide. This shower caddy is another OXO winner. It's super easy to install - just make sure the walls are clean and dry, put it in position and press the handle. It feels sturdy and it's large enough to hold several bottles of shampoo, your soaps, and there are 2 handy hooks to hold razors or brushes or other items.  And if it's in the wrong place (or you just don't want it anymore), it's very easy to remove. All around, a terrific shower caddy.November 2013Well after 11 months, I'm downgrading this caddy from 5 stars to 2 stars.Unlike some users, I haven't had any issues with it falling down. It's stayed firmly in place.However, I've had a problem with rust - the metal pieces that are a part of this shower caddy are covered in rust. The rust started appearing after about 6 months of use. At first the rust appeared in only a few places (on the hooks for razors). But now it's everywhere. Why did they use metal?Too bad - I really like this caddy. It holds several shampoo bottles and stays on the wall. But the rust makes this shower caddy a mess.

I have had no success using regular suction cups to adhere anything to my shower, so I was hopeful but not sure this would work. I was delighted when it did, in fact, stick! To test it, I placed a small bottle of soap, a reasonably large bottle of shampoo, and a large container of conditioner on the shelf. The shelf held for a week before collapsing. One tab fell out, but  I was able to reinsert it, and it seemed to work, but fell off shortly thereafter. I then tried carefully reattaching everything and left it in place with nothing on it. I have been able to place the two lighter items on the shelf but am no longer placing the heavy bottle on it, for fear it will collapse. I have placed this at the bottom end (not the end with the tap) of my shower, lower down, for my kids to access their shampoo, and therefore it does not get sprayed by the shower or otherwise exposed to very much water, so I do not have any of the cleaning concerns other users have expressed. So far, so good!Update Nov. 2013: It has not impressed me as time has passed. It no longer stays up, even if nothing is on it. It was a great idea for lower height storage (accessible to shorter household members), but ultimately disappointing.
This was my original review in January 2013:I instantly fell in love with this shelf when I was able to mount it in seconds, without my glasses on, and not having read the directions.I realize that most consumers grit their teeth through the installation and focus primarily on using the product.  But how often does that happen, that you receive a product, it's ready to install out of the box, and you can intuitively figure out what needs to be done?Besides the ease of installation, I think it's really well designed.  The plastic surface is easier to clean than similar metal caddies.  When installed the shelf slopes forward for ease of drainage.  The raised bar that prevents items sliding off can also hold your washcloth.  The hanging hook is perfect for my shower radio.  I use an Intuition razor which is chunky and would not fit through the hanging hook, but it fits perfectly through the hole in the center of the shelf.The shelf is roomy and sturdy enough to hold a couple of large bottles (shampoo and conditioner) as well as moisturizer, face wash, and a bar of soap.I really think this caddy is genius and will be buying more for gifts.  I wouldn't go so far as to call it a life-changing product, but it certainly made my day.Update 6/11/13:After 5 months, I heard the dreaded crash in the middle of the night and knew that my shelf had taken a dive.  There was no way to re-affix it - it was broken.  I liked this shelf so much that I wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt.  I purchased a second one (which took a long time to get here, but that's not Amazon's fault).The second shelf lasted just over 24 hours.  There is no way it will stay stuck to the wall - it just clicks open and crashes into the tub.  Really not pleased.  I think most people post their reviews, as I did, within a day or two of installing the product.  If I had gotten the second shelf first, it would have been a 1-star review.  After two shelves, I have concluded you have a pretty fair chance of getting a lemon, and even a good one is not in it for the long term.  Bummer.
I love OXO products, so I was bummed that this didn't work as well as their other products. The shelf looks sturdy, but I don't think it's good for a wet environment like the shower. Mine stuck for two days and then fell with a crash.  I put it back up after it dried and put a couple of items on it, rather than three.  Not very useful.
I've owned theCuisinart GR-4N 5-in-1 Griddlerfor a year now, so that is what I'm comparing this grill to. The fact of the matter is that the Cuisinart definitely isn't perfect, but I'd pick it over this larger grill any day. Here's why: This grill, while large doesn't get hot enough, and it takes forever to heat up. I always flip my burgers half way through on my Cuisinart, but even with doing that with this one, it still takes double the time to cook and even then, it isn't as done as I expect, but I removed it from the grill anyway for fear of drying my expensive burgers out. I was so excited that the grill is so large, but I find that if I fill the grill with a lot of meat, that the meat seems to cool down the grill plates, making it take longer to cook. The burgers that I cook are super lean, so I didn't have a ton of grease on the plates, but I did notice the grease that was there pooling instead of draining, just like another reviewer mentioned. Maybe if I had never used another indoor grill, I would like this one because I wouldn't know that there was anything better, but having used the Cuisinart, I can only recommend it. This just isn't worth the money. I hope this helps.
I've had a couple of countertop grills like this one, and unfortunately this one is far from my favorite. Before this, I had the Cuisinart GR-4N, which I really liked a lot better. I'll break it down into the components that I felt were important.Size: This Frigidaire definitely has a large cooking surface, which is both a blessing and a curse. At first I was glad because we often like to grill extra long pieces of fish, or have a lot of smaller items that needed to be arranged like puzzle pieces on the Cuisinart. Unfortunately, it didn't occur to me that an extra-large grill also requires extra-large counter space. We grill several times a week so I prefer to keep it on the counter, and this just takes up a ton of space. While in use, there isn't much room next to it for food prep or service, and it has to be pulled completely out from under the cupboards to open all the way because otherwise it bangs into them (the hinge is not built to stay open unless the top grill plate is completely vertical). I think my kitchen is a pretty decent size, but it needs to be bigger if I want to accommodate this grill on a regular basis.Temperature: The increased size might be a reason, but it seems to take a very long time to heat up and never seems to get quite hot enough. Even turned up to High, I couldn't get those nice grill marks or that crisp outer sear that seals in the natural juices when cooking proteins. I usually like to throw my breakfast wrap on the grill press to seal it and get a nice little crisp outer layer, but by the time this thing was heated up my eggs were burned and it STILL wasn't hot enough to really seal the wrap. When using as a griddle, you can set each side to a specific temperature, but I really don't have any need for a griddle so didn't try this feature; maybe it gets hotter that way. I never used the griddle on my old Cuisinart either, I guess I'm just not a griddler.Drainage: As the other reviewers mentioned, the drainage is terrible. With several people reporting the same issue, I agree that it might be a design flaw. It really doesn't seem angled for the grease to drain properly, so the food sits in it while cooking. On ours, it particularly collects in the upper left corner - so much so that it was almost spilling over the outer edge (this also caused the food in that corner to not cook properly). The drain pan is another problem: it does not attach to the grill and just sits on the counter, so if you have to move the grill at all the drain pan doesn't move with it. Better remember to move it too or you'll be cleaning a greasy counter! Fortunately(?!?) the drainage is so bad that not much makes it into the pan anyway. It never feels securely attached, because it isn't.Basically, it doesn't fit in my kitchen, doesn't cook food the way I like it, and doesn't drain the grease. It's not seriously horrible, but for the price I would expect better temp control and much much better drainage. Not sure what else to say...it looks pretty, and the floating hinge works well (seriously, the hinge on the Cuisinart was always a bit sticky and the Frigidaire hinge is very smooth). I was really happy with my old grill and used it constantly; I'd hoped this fancy one would be even better but it just depresses me. I'd highly recommend the Cuisinart to anyone & everyone even though it's smaller. It's better to cook small amounts perfectly than large amounts insufficiently and drowning in grease.Oh, and Frigidaire's comment to a previous reviewer that the accumulating grease was due to them not patting their meat with a paper towel first is absolutely ridiculous. That wasn't even necessary on the world's first George Foreman countertop grill! These machines are built to drain fat away from your food, that's the whole point of them. And I don't care how many times you pat your bacon before putting it on this grill, you're still going to get bacon-grease soup.
I have to agree with some of the other reviewers. The unit does take a long time to heat up. That with the drainage problem will make me stick with myCuisinart GR-4N 5-in-1 Griddlerwhich not only works better and is smaller but also costs less.- The unit is quite large and takes up a lot of space.- Fat drainage is a problem.- Costs more than comparable units- Take a while to heat up.- I like my Cuisinart GR-4N 5-in-1 Griddler a lot more and it cost less
I like the idea of these self adhesive cord holders, but they are let down by the poor adhesive abilities of the strips it comes with!, I made sure to stick them per the instructions on the back of the  pack, they become unstuck in hours, one in less than 30 minutes! In my opinion, 3M make very good products, including some excellent self-adhesive items, but this is not one of them.Poor adhesive abilities aside, the fact that it is only a four pack (it does have 5 self adhesive strips) means you would probably need to buy two packs!The plastic holding clips are well made and easy to clip over a wire (a TV antenna cable in my case) and if you can find an alternative self-adhesive product to use, they would be worth using.I DO NOT recommend these, too bad really, they are a good idea poorly executed!
At this moment, these Command Clips have 20 reviews on Amazon, and 19 of those are from Vine reviewers (of which I am one), which means only 1 of the 20 reviewers actually paid the $21 price. I seriously doubt the reviews would be so positive if everyone paid for them. For what you get, these seem overpriced by 50%, and I'm not sure you want them at any price. They will not do an efficient job of organizing lots of cords behind your computer or TV/entertainment center, as advertised. They won't even do a good job of making one cord look nice and straight along the bottom of your baseboard unless you use a LOT of them, one every foot or two, and for a long cord, that would cost a fortune in clips. You can find much less expensive solutions in most hardware or electronics stores ... but most require a tiny nail or screw. So these 3M clips have one advantage there; the adhesive won't put holes in your wall or baseboard, and it can indeed be removed without leaving a mark. The only advantage I can see with the 3M clips is what one other reviewer suggested: if you use a laptop on a home or office desk and are connected to printer or other peripherals, these clips can keep those cords in place when you disconnect to take the laptop on the road, and when you come back to re-connect, you won't have to fish around for your various cords.
My primary reason for using these hooks was for cord control in running a ethernet line against a wall to get a wired connection where i wanted to be. Wireless is always an option, but it's not desirable for when performance counts, for me.  I went to my local hardware store and picked up several more Command products to do my project, it's about 40 feet of cord, and was disappointed not to see these easily available so I went with a cheaper alternative 3/16 inch white clip cord organizers which come in packs of 8 with 12 adhesives. Well hands down this clear product looks better, but when the project was all said and done, the clear clips were puling away from the wall, sliding down the cord while the little white cheap ones remained in place and held steadfast. I followed the directions, gave more than the minimal waiting time, and still had a problem with these. one extra adhesive did not help for the 3 of 4 clips moving around. I figure it was not my technique because the other ones are still working great a few weeks. In terms of clip qualtiy, these were nice, and didn't break, one of my small white ones did, but what good is a strong clip if the adhesive is weak. I have no idea why this would vary from product to product, but it in my experience it did.
This 3M Command hook comes with an oval back panel measuring 1-1/16" wide and 2-7/16" high. The integral hook at the bottom of the back panel is about 5/8" long and extends outward by the same amount. You install the hook with the clear adhesive strip included in the package. The adhesive strip will stick to most clean and hard surfaces, including painted dry wall and can be removed without damage to the surface by pulling on the tap downward. Be sure to read the instructions at the back of the package.  It requires the user to hold down the hook for 30 seconds to activate the adhesive.  There are two hooks and four adhesive strips in the package.  I installed the hooks in my vertical tool shed with resin side panels and hang a broom and a long handle brush on them. The hooks are holding up fine.Update:  After two months of usage, one of the two hooks in my vertical tool shed fell off.  It appears that the clear adhesive strip is inferior to the old foam back strip.  I am downgrading this product from 5 star to 2.
I had high expectations for this iron and ironing board combo. Sadly, I am disappointed. I don't see benefits of using this system for households with normal ironing needs. It works, so we will continue to use it. When this thing stops working, we will happily go back to using a simpler and cheaper iron from a department store.Pros:- Ironing board is solid and stable. Adjustable height is a benefit.- Water is stored in the board; not in the iron. That makes the iron light.Cons:- Start up time is unacceptable. If you want to quickly iron one piece of clothing, this will be annoying. The second time I used this, I turned it on, and then went to do something else during the 10 minutes it takes to get ready, and completely forgot about the ironing!- Steam comes to iron through a hose from the board. This hose and the electric cable are bound together. Entire cord has now become thick and stiff making it inconvenient for easy maneuverability of the iron.- Because the iron is integral with the board, it is not easily portable anymore. We used to be able to iron wherever we want with the regular iron.Bottom line:I didn't notice any significant increase in speed of ironing. I experienced more inconveniences and annoyances with this than using the regular iron. This system may be useful for professionals or people that have a lot of ironing to do on a regular basis.
I really love most OXO products.  My kitchen is filled with them.  However, this is a rare example of what I think is a miss on their part.  It basically looks like a very small muffin tin with a weighed bar in the middle.  You put the napkins under the bar, and then pull them out as needed.  The problem is that the napkins don't really fit in there in any neat looking way.  They look kind of like random napkins stuck anyplace just to have one when you need one---which isn't bad, really, but it's not the kind of classy and useful design I expect from this company.  The napkins are fairly easy to pull out once put in, and they do seem to come out one at a time, so it's not a total failure, but I can't see using this much.  It wouldn't be fancy enough for company, and for us just around the house, it doesn't add much convenience over just having the napkins sitting around in their original packaging to grab as needed!
I have been very curious about these silicone whisks for a long time.  I have a flat metal whisk that I use the majority of the time and a basic black plastic whisk that I use in emergencies and can't find my other one.  My complaint about that whisk has always been its inability to get into the edges of the pan when I'm making gravy.  But, this balloon whisk is a big improvement over that one. (but I still don't like it)The silicone of this whisk took me a little getting used to.  I splattered myself once as I was making gravy this morning because the silicone bounced back after being pressed on.  So, I was a little more careful after that about experimenting with the best way to hold it and put pressure on it.  I was afraid at one point that my gravy was going to be very lumpy, but then the whisk made big improvements in it.  When I served the gravy, it seemed to be completely smooth, but on closer examination there were lumps in it.  I've been making gravy for twelve years now and my family always comments on my smooth gravy--so I do know the tricks to getting a smooth gravy and how to use a whisk.  The silicone held up well to use while the stove was on.  It was able to get into the edge of the pan (unlike my other balloon whisk).  The handle is also very easy to hold and didn't get hot at all while I was working over the stove.As for the style of this whisk, if you don't have a flat metal whisk--get one!  They're awesome!  The downside to them is that they can't be used with nonstick pans (and this one can).  I make my gravy in a cast iron pan, which you can't use on smooth top electric stoves.  So, if you're limited to nonstick pans, then this whisk is a good option.But, what I'd really recommend is get stainless pans instead.  Cuisinart's chef classic stainless pans are wonderful and I don't have to worry anymore about scratching off the nonstick surface.  I used this whisk again and it really frustrated me.  I had to put a lot of pressure on it to get it to work right and my wrist got very tired.  I had to switch back to my flat wire whisk and my roux was smooth in no time.So, basically, I'd pass on this whisk--both this specific one and this type.
Pros:- sleek visual design- removable top hides the ugly trash bag- small hole in removable bin helps anchor trash bagCons:- NO auto-closing lid - this is ok if used for office waste, but NOT in the kitchen...stink- I'm a bit of a germ-a-phob so the idea of having to touch the spring-loaded lid each time I want to close it while I'm in the middle of cooking (with clean hands) kind of grosses me out- waist-high release instead of foot pedal means I have to carry my dripping chicken packaging over, hit the release with my elbow and hope I don't get drops all over the floor or trash lid- this lever gets dirty and again seems to be a magnet for germs...I'll stick with my auto-closing foot pedal trash can, thanks...
We've purchased a lot of humidifiers over the years. Things likeCrane Adorable Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier with 2.1 Gallon Output per Day - Penguinwhich looks cute and worked well, but barely lasted a year. We've also purchased things like theOptimus U-31005 2.0 Gallon Cool Mist Ultrasonic Humidifierwhich worked too well as we'd wake up to a foggy room and the piece grew algae amazingly quickly and was extremely hard to clean. So now my family is on the Vornado Evap 3 Whole Room Humidifier. It works decently, as you can feel the room's humidity increasing without seeing copious amounts of mist, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about it.For one thing, the machine is the loudest humidifier I've ever had. It was hard to get used to at first. Usually humidifiers are quiet with only a hum and the occasional bubbling of water for noise. Not this. It is very loud and because of that, you probably do not want this machine in your bedroom as it will keep you up. Speaking of keeping you up, the LED lights on this humidifier are extremely bright. There are two blue lights and they literally light up our entire room. The room can be pitch black and if you have this humidifier on, it will light up the room enough for you to see everything clearly. You can't even cover up the lights to darken the room as they are so close to the where the evaporated water comes out, that you'll block the effect of the device. Again, this was not well designed. Finally, unlike a lot of humidifiers which have permanent filters you clean manually, the Vornado was wick replaceable fillers, making it a money sink and environmentally unfriendly in addition to loud and bright.I would strongly recommend buying something else. The noise, inability to use this in your bedroom and the need to constantly spend money on this humidifier makes me feel your money could be spend on a better (and possibly cheaper) humidifier. The negatives just overwhelm the positives with this one.
This is a small, light-weight (sort of flimsy) plastic appliance made in China. I had a similar thing before, but the steamer quit working after a while, probably due to hard-water residue buildup. This one addresses the problem with a filter system that keeps the hard water from wrecking the appliance, which is good. You are supposed to use distilled water in it, which seems kind of silly, buying a special bottle of water to use to clean a dirty floor. Also, you need to occasionally replace the filter.So there are many steps involved in cleaning a floor: buying the special water, filling the reservoir, cleaning the floor, periodically emptying the tray and refilling the reservoir, rinsing out the tray, washing the pad, and buying more filters.So it works, but to me it seems like it's more trouble than it's worth, and I doubt I will keep using it. There are low-tech solutions (broom, mop and pail) that seem easier to me.
This dish rack arrives with 6 different pieces and has to be put together. I did appreciate the instructions were super short and to the point.However, while trying to clasp the &#34;tines&#34; into the base, one of the clips on the small tines broke off. I could still use it, however it wasn't as &#34;sturdy&#34; had it been had I not broken it.However, the glasses, which are supposed to hang on the outside drip water on the counter. The base has a &#34;lip&#34; all around it so it doesn't drain off into the sink and the water pools at the bottom of the base. The sliverware rack has four compartments which I initially thought was great, however, it barely holds any silverware and certainly not very large spoons. When folding it up, the &#34;tines&#34; or spears, as I like to call them, stick out, so it's quite clunky and things could catch on the spears. I have Fiesta Ware which is quite heavy, and I did not have any confidence that this wouldn't tip over easily. At over thirty dollars as of of this writing, I couldn't recommend it except perhaps for a single person who often orders takeout and rarely uses dishes.We ended up going back to the old plastic dishwash rack after one use.
I don't know how many people really must have a dish rack that folds up and stores somewhere away from the sink--or why, since dishes usually take a lot of time to drip dry, so the rack is likely to be sitting by the sink most of the time if one uses it at all.  But for those who nevertheless need such a rack, this one does fold up, although not very easily, since it comes in several parts.  But there are many racks with other designs that also fold up that are sturdier than this one.This rack is constructed of light, rickety plastic--the vertical tines in particular seem flimsy.  Although touted as being eco-something because the plastic incorporates some wood fibers, that seems like a gimmick. I'm not sure the modest reduction in plastic in favor of some wood fiber translates into much of an environmental benefit.  One can buy a metal rack that will last for decades for less.In any case, I don't find the design as practical as the basic rack I used for many years available for less than half as much.  If you only use it to dry dishes and glasses that you neatly arrange between the tines, it might be fine, if unexceptional.  But I also dry all sorts of other, odd-shaped items, like pots and pans and plastic containers and cooking utensils and so forth.  Sure, you can lay any of these on the rack, but it's not really designed to hold them.  Unlike a traditional rack, into which you can pile just about anything, this one has no sides to keep odd-sized or larger items from sliding onto the counter.  So it doesn't hold a dinner's worth of items unless you precariously balance them--or, of course, towel dry everything that isn't a glass or a plate, which defeats the purpose.I also haven't found that it drains water into the sink very efficiently. In theory, the water drains into a central channel that runs through a spout into the sink. First, I don't know about your sink, but mine has a metal lip around it that overlaps the counter top into which the sink has been inserted.  It's not very high, but it lifts the spout end of the rack slightly--just enough to keep the drained water from flowing freely into the sink.  So I have to raise the back end of the rack off the counter by resting it on something an inch or two off the counter.  Because of this, for it to drain into the central channel I have to occasionally adjust it so the two sides of the rack make a slight "V," or it won't drain at all. Finally, the spout comes with a little rubber disc that's designed to block water from actually dripping out of the rack and into the sink.  I does work, but I can't imagine a scenario in which I need to put wet dishes into a rack but make sure no water drains out of it--if you can, you might like this feature.So to me, this is a failed effort to come up with a clever new design, and it's a pricey one at that for cheap-looking plastic.
Like many folks, counter space is at a premium in our kitchen so I was elated to have the opportunity to test out this dish rack.  We have a dishwasher but there's so much we hand wash (basically anything you care about)It arrived broken in two places.  The damage didn't appear to be from shipping as neither the box it came in nor the box from Amazon had visible damage.  While this would seem to be OK for Corelle or other lightweight dishes, I won't be putting any larger pots or lids on it anytime soon.  Very disappointing.
I'm familiar with the Taylor brand since I own a Taylor bathroom scale. I'm happy with the scale, not so much with the timer. The timer came with two triple AAA batteries. Be sure to have a screw driver that can handle the (4) little tiny screws that you need to remove to place the batteries.The timer is easy to operate; set the clock, then set the timer. The timer is fairly loud--which is ok. You do need to hear the timer going off.It's described as restaurant quality, but it's plastic and not such great quality to me. The main thing I wanted was the timer to stick to my fridge. There are two magnets or a stand to prop it up. The timer slid down my fridge. I even tried taking off the black rubber band to see if that would remove some weight. Nope, still wouldn't stick to fridge. Disappointed.
The display is unlit until you press a button and then you get a very weak glow that does not help me to see it.  The beep is horrible - it sounds just like my smoke detectirs.  I was able to install the two included AAA batteries after rooting around and discovering a phillips head eyeglass screw driver.  The only thing of value in the package, and oh by thevway is one of those thick platic bubbles capable of slicing into flesh as you struggle to open it with scissors, is the batteries.
After only a few days of using it, I can say that I don't like it at all, despite a couple of interesting features. The physical timer is fairly large and overly clunky, in my opinion. And for the size of it, I would have expected a brighter, easier-to-read display, but instead it's very dim. There is a blue back light that you can turn on, but it's still actually a little hard to read. It has a nice rubber ring that surrounds the sides of it in case it falls off the counter, which is a really nice touch and something that I liked. I also liked that the thing that you pull out in the back of it that makes it stand upright, it's sturdy-feeling.Now for the bad parts. First off, installing the batteries is pretty hard. Nowhere in the instructions does it tell you how to remove the battery panel, and what you will need is a tiny screwdriver and good eyes to unscrew four tiny screws on the panel. If the batteries last a long time then it would be okay, and I suppose they made it that way to aid in the water resistance, but it's difficult to do and using a tiny screwdriver on a timer isn't something I'm usually willing to take the time to do.The controls are just a little confusing at first, but once I read the instructions I got it down easily and it made sense. But here is the big deal-breaker for me: there is no programmable function on this timer. I can set the regular clock time, but the timer itself has no &#34;save&#34; function so that you can use one (or more) frequently-set times. Every other timer I have ever bought has this function, and in fact all my other timers have programmable timer functions.For the price that this timer sells for, I would have expected just a little more functionality. It's basically a big, hard-to-read clock with one timer on it. Definitely would not buy this or recommend it to anybody.
I guess I'm new to the world of kitchen timers.  Generally I just use the one built into the stove.  If I need to time two things at once, I'll either mentally keep track of the time difference, or set another timer on my iPhone.  I was excited to get this product as a more kitchen-friendly alternative to using my iPhone.First thing, as other reviewers noted, this thing is HUGE.  Probably 3-4 times as thick as my iPhone.  That is ridiculous.  Second, as other reviewers noted, installing batteries is a pain since you need a small screwdriver to open the battery compartment.  I guess this is nice so when the thing undoubtedly hits the floor, the batteries will stay in. But still, annoying, especially for the initial setup.  Third, the build quality doesn't seem so good.  When I push any of the buttons the screen gets all funky, similar to what happened when you touched the screen on your 1990's style calculator.  Finally, I've seen some other reviewers mention that the thing is waterproof. This isn't the case.  It is water resistant.  So feel free to splash it as you're cooking, but if it gets submerged don't expect it to fare any better than your iPhone would.Overall, for $20 I would expect something that feels a little more modern.  Maybe in 1995 this would have been an acceptable pricetag for this level of technology, but nowadays this is ridiculous.  Normally I expect much higher quality from Taylor.
I received this timer just today.  Its much bigger than I expected, and has a very clear readout.  Its pretty easy to figure out, and while it was actually working, I liked the 3 levels of volume that it offered. It also appears to be well made... Or so I thought...Now I know there is a difference between weather proof and weather resistant.  Something weather proof means that it is impervious to water, even if it is immersed.  Weather resistant means that it can stand up under a little water or moisture, or be operated in a damp environment and not be affected by it.  Though I figured I wouldn't really need this to be that water resistant for what I had in mind for it, I thought I owed it to this review to at least test it in that sense.  So I gave it a two shot burst of mist from a spray bottle of water.  It was not soaked by any means, just misted with visible small droplets.  Although it stayed on for a couple of minutes after that, it then suddenly went dark, and has been completely dead ever since.  Nothing, nada, dead and gone.  I wiped it down and even removed the battery cover and cleaned inside it.  Then finally I gave it a burst of WD-40, but nothing.  It's completely dead.  I gotta admit I am quite surprised that it didn't survive this simple test.  I really am disappointed in it dying so quickly and completely.  If you are considering this timer for a wet environment, or even just for use where it might occasionally get wet, I wouldn't recommend it at all.  Maybe I got a bum piece, maybe the mist infiltrated the very place that happens to be vulnerable on it.  In any event, for the money they are asking and after the results of this simple test, its fails miserably in my opinion...One last observation.  Something like this that touts its ruggedness is only as strong as its weakest point.  And with this, its the readout on it.  Or more specifically, the thin cheap plastic that covers the readout.  I have a digital timer in my kitchen that cost half the price of this that has a thick plastic cover over the face and readout.  This thing has a very thin cheap plastic strip that can be pressed in and manipulated with your finger very easily.  While the face of it is rugged enough, the plastic strip over the readout is cheap crap that will easily be affected by heat, dirt, moisture, etc. And it will scratch like a cheap pair of toy glasses.  It could even be where the water I sprayed on it got inside and took it out.  In any event, even if you never get this wet, I think the cheap plastic strip over the readout makes this a no sale in my book... : )
I've been using this Taylor timer for about a month now.  Normally I have good experience with Taylor products but that wasn't the case for me this time.  In my opinion the design of this timer was focused more on specs than user experience.  Case-in-point:-when I opened up this timer I couldn't believe I needed to search around for a small screwdriver to unscrew the battery compartment - that's a deal killer right there for something as simple as a timer (I have other waterproof devices that are easier to change batteries on).-Actually getting the timer to work is not as intuitive as it should be.  My 8-year old daughter couldn't figure out how to get the timer running (but on her own she makes videos, plays wii, surfs the internet, etc).-This timer is bigger and bulkier than it needs to be for its function in life.  Plus the fridge magnet is not very effective at holding this timer because it is big and bulky (eg; slides down my fridge).-The plastic screen seems to have come loose on mine when someone pushed down on the screen.So, the intention is good on this timer to be a durable timer but the user experience offsets this.  At $16 in consideration of price/value and alternate products readily available my rating is 2-stars.
I have a number of other kitchen timers, but am always misplacing them around the house so was happy to try another one out. Pros and cons of this one:Pros:1. Water and impact resistant. I have to say, I've never had a timer die on me from getting wet but I guess if you want to use it outside this might come in handy. Likewise I've dropped timers many times and never had one break as a result, so not sure how much benefit the rubber bumper is. But if this is an issue for you, I do expect the bumper is more likely to prevent damage.2. Easy to use. I didn't have too much trouble figuring out how to use this, it was pretty simple and intuitive.3. Includes clock and backlight. Many kitchen timers don't include the clock feature or backlight which I did appreciate.4. Fairly large display. Good if you have issue with reading smaller displays.Cons1. Magnets are this are VERY weak. One has to wonder if they even tested them in normal kitchen environments because they simply are not strong enough for the weight of the timer. This is completely unacceptable for a ktichen timer, as so many of us want to store them on our fridge or microwave, etc.2. Very hard to open battery compartment. This is the big downside of having water resistance, the battery compartment does not just slide open as most do, you have to use a tiny Phillips to open it. If you don't have a eyeglass repair kit or other screwdriver for VERY tiny screws you are going to be stuck without a way to even install batteries.3. Can only set one timer. Most of my timers allow for setting up to 2-4 timers at once. This only does one, which is rather disappointing.4. Very large size. While I appreciate having a larger display, it takes up less than half of the front of the timer, this is hardly the most pocketable of timers that I've used.5. Fairly poor stand. Considering that the magnets work so poorly, I would have liked a much better stand that this has, it's very thin and flimsy and I have my doubts that it will last very long.Overall, this is a timer I would be very hesitant to recommend.
This Taylor time is not very useful. Things I dislike:~ The LCD screen has a narrow viewing angle, so you can't lay the timer flat, nor can the time be vertical on the counter and clearly seen.~ Setting the times and resetting is a pain, pressing buttons like you were setting a watch. Not the kind of ease I want in a kitchen timer.~ Installing the batteries requires that you use a mini philips screwdriver, like for glasses or electronics.~ The magnets are weak and slippery. It slides down the front of my fridge.~ The sounds are annoying, more like a honk or alarm than a reminder bell I'd like to hear around the house~ It says it's only good for a 4 foot drop, but what happens if it falls off a shelf or from the top of the fridge?~ The rubberizing is a flimsy, removable bumper~ The light is uneven and lights for just a few moments.
The Primula Coffee Brew Buddy Single Cup Coffee Maker promises convenience and that it delivers.  But I'd also like a decent cup o' joe, thank you.  I tried this with my favorite French Roast expecting this to be like the &#34;socks&#34; popular in Latin America. I used what I thought was a generous measure and was careful that my water was boiling hot. I poured as slowly as I could, but this is more of soaked coffee than drip coffee so my coffee (after repeated tries) tastes as muddy as a camping trip.Think this might be great for brewing tea, so I'll hang on to it for the next time I'm sick
This product is a hard rubber-like plastic ring that sits on top of your coffee cup.  The filter is a sturdy mesh screen.  Easy to use.  Easy to wash.I used this three days in a row.Day one: Put 1 tablespoon Columbia Supremo ground coffee in filter.  Pour hot water from tea kettle.  Wait for 30 seconds, just like the instructions say.Result:  Coffee so weak, it doesn't smell or taste like coffee.Day Two:  Put 1 tablespoon Columbia Supremo ground coffee in filter.  Pour hot water from tea kettle.  Wait for 90 seconds.  3 times the length should do it.Result:  Same as day one.  Although coffee was a bit darker, it was still weak.Day Three:  Put 2 tablespoons Dunkin Donuts regular ground coffee in filter. Pour hot water from tea kettle.  Wait for 3 MINUTES.Result: Coffee is just barely recognizable as such.Final Outcome:  Use this for seeping tea.  Let your coffee drip.
First of all, the circular slicing wand on this tool is for use on a Hass Avocado (those typically from California) which are the smaller avocados with the pimply skin, softer flesh and higher fat content. The Florida Avocado is about 1-1/2 to 2 times larger, has smooth skin, firmer flesh and lower fat content.  The Florida Avocado is the avocado you typically find in deli-purchased sandwiches due to its firmer flesh and larger circumference. Nevertheless, you will be unable to use the slicing wand on a Florida Avocado simply because it is bigger than the tool.Second, although the plastic knife and the center pit remover did its job very well (better than I expected, in fact), this is nothing that can't be done with just a knife. Usually, I use a serrated knife to cut the Hass Avocado in half around the pit. I then give the pit a good wack with the serrated edge of the knife so that it lodges itself in the pit lengthwise. Then I wiggle the knife and pit from side to side, pull it out and discard the pit with a push of my thumb. I then peel the skin away usually in one piece from each half of the avocado, skim off any black spots with the knife and easily slice it in wedges with the same knife.Even though I knew a knife always worked well, a long time ago I made a spontaneous purchase of aProgressive International Avocado Slicerand a really nice avocado masher. I love the masher but was always sorry I purchased the avocado slicer because I found it to be overkill for slicing already soft avocados, some avocado always seems to be left behind, and sometimes some of the darkened flesh became mixed into the slices.  Well with this OXO slicer, a lot of avocado is left behind and because the slicing tool is thick plastic, it smears the slices into clumps and some avocado clumps get stuck in the rungs between the tool. So it is even more disappointing than my Progressive Avocado Slicer.Therefore, although the slicing knife and pit remover enabled me to slice and pit the avocado nicely by pushing my finger through the hole to release the pit, I did not feel it was any better than a knife.  Since the slicing wand turned the delicate avocado flesh into a mess with only a few good slices and missed a lot of flesh, this unit gets two stars.  If the slicing wand were metal like my Progressive, I would have given it three stars only since then it would become a satisfactory and safer alternative for young adults to use without exposing them to the potential of cutting themselves on a knife.If I do use this tool in the future, it will be for the knife and pit remover portions only.