This scoop has a comfortable handle and a good shape for attacking hard ice cream straight out of the freezer. The chrome finish is attractive and seems like it would be more durable and dishwasher-safe than the ridiculous (and unnecessary) non-stick finish I have on my other Oxo scoopOXO Good Grips 26481 Nonstick Beak Ice Cream Scoop. I prefer to dip this in water before use (so it will glide through the ice cream), and to wash it by hand afterward. This isn't an all-metal scoop, like theOXO Good Grips Solid Stainless Steel Ice Cream Scoop, so I'm a little concerned about its longevity.
When scooping ice cream (or frozen yogurt), sometimes the ice cream will  get stuck in the scoop and you have to use another utensil (or your  fingers) to get it out. The grip is great, but I wouldn't recommend this  scoop. Get an all metal scoop or a scoop with a trigger. You really dont  need a great grip for scooping ice cream.
This is a good ice cream scoop if you're just looking for something at a reasonable price and is very comfortable.  I think those are the two biggest advantages of this utensil.  The bad thing is that it's not the most durable.  For the most durable, you'll want to look for a one piece metal scoop.  This one works best if you dip it in hot water first to heat it up and then scoop out your ice cream.  This will make the ice cream a little more easy to handle as the tool can kind of melt it's way through.  Dip it back in the hot water before each scoop.  This tip can be applied to all ice cream scoopers.
Lodge brand sells the old design of locking tongs and I find that the locking ring always slips down and closes the tongs when I am using them.  The Oxo brand is much better.
The spring is too weak, making these more difficult to control.  The Weber 16" tongs seem better and less expensive.  This product is okay and does the job, but not great.  Generally I really like Oxo products.
It works ok and operates pretty much like any other corkscrew.  Insert the screw into the cork, twist the top knob, the "wings" rise up, you press 'em down...wine is open.  We own several corkscrews and this one is OK for the money...feels a little flimsy but gets the job done.  If you're looking for a quality corkscrew that you will own for decades, this isn't it.
Its ok. Usually I rave about OXO products but this one was just..well... "ok"  to me. Will I use it? Yes. Would I buy it again? Not sure.
This is your basic winged corkscrew.  Expected OXO improvements are the over-sized and rubberized head for better grip when twisting the top. The wings are a smooth matte hard plastic that the body is also made of.Pros:*The worm is Teflon coated and slides in and out of the cork easily. This is usually a feature reserved for high-priced, high-end corkscrews.*Top has the signature OXO over-sized & rubberized grip.*Lightweight and comfortable to use.Cons:* Over-sized head does not have the bottle opener feature that many winged corkscrews have* Only the head is rubberized and not the wings* Body and wings are made of a smooth matte plastic that seems likely to crack, shatter & break if accidentally dropped.Overall a decent winged corkscrew designed for hand comfort but with reduced features.  So far, at 3 winery events, this corkscrew has easily and comfortably opened 15+ bottles of wine.  Recommended.
This OXO "Winged Corkscrew" is mechanically well designed but the mostly plastic construction gives this a very flimsy feel that makes me question it's longevity. The corkscrew does work well and allowed for very easy removal of the four bottles I tested it on, but I could feel the "wings" flex with the effort.As another reviewer noted, I would not have likely bought this from a store after feeling it in my hands. This is going into my camper and will only see light usage.CFH
Like others, I usually love OXO products.  But this is mostly plastic, feels flimsy, and does just an okay job of removing the cork from the bottle.  However, if you're not careful you might have a difficult time removing the cork from the corkscrew.  :(  Also, it is easy to get the screw in crooked which makes removing it even more of a pain.It works in a pinch,  but I would not recommend this product.
If you think I'm going to gush over a corkscrew, it's really not my style.  Let me say that I am a HUGE fan of OXO products--I fell in love with them years ago and have never wavered.  I am rarely disappointed (though it has happened), so I jumped at the chance to add this to my OXO inventory.  I'm currently using a ratty old metal corkscrew that I've had for years and thought this would be an upgrade.I must admit--I'm a little concerned.  The OXO handle really doesn't add much (perhaps it's slightly easier on the hand).  I have opened a few bottles and it works fine.  However, the unit just doesn't seem sturdy.  Maybe that is only my perception and maybe it will last for years, but the plastic components just don't fill me with confidence.  Had I looked at this in a store, felt it and handled it--I probably would not have purchased it.  Seriously.  My suggestion, try to look at this one first hand before ordering it.
I don't know why or what I may be doing wrong, but this seems to split the cork when I use it.  It doesn't always, but I'd say half the time I use it the screw goes in straight but goes sideways and breaks the cork when it brings it up.  Then I have to use it again to get the rest of the cork.However it does take the cork out without having to muscle it out.  The cork is not always in one piece, but it's out.
I don't know what the big deal is about this salad spinner?I just bought it on the great reviews here, and the size!...Big mistake.I have one of the old Spinners that I pull the string with a handle, and I must say, it is Much better at drying my Greens then this one is..This Salad spinner's basket is thicker,more rigid, and seems to catch the water which doesnt let the water fall to the bottom like my old one does..Also this one is closer to the bottom, seems my greens are still sitting in the water, I have to keep emptying out the bowl of water then continue spinning..This one is bigger then my old one, but it has this big plastic thing in the middle , think that is what makes it spin, but it takes up more room inside, and even though my old one is smaller in size, it holds allot more greens then this big one can!I have to say this one is easier to use, but my old one is not hard at all either...If I were buying this one again, or my old one, I would buy my old one..From what the reviewers here had to say, it looks like this is there first Salad spinner they have ever used..That said, they would think this is great. Much better then trying to dry your Greens on a towel or useing a paper towel..I can remember doing it that way along time ago, and its a mess, and takes a long time..I would not buy this one, after knowing the differents..
Salad spinners have now been with us for 30 or more years, and if you're going to buy one, the Oxo, like almost all Oxo kitchen tools,  is among the best. But for the cost of an Oxo I can buy a crate of kitchen towels, and it doesn't take any more time to lay lettuce on a towel than it does to get out the spinner, rinse it, spin the lettuce, dry the spinner and put it away. Buy a dozen towels and just toss each one in the laundry after use.
It is a good can opener and easy to use. I would give it a 5 star but it rusts so 3 star.
I discovered that the addition of a magnetic locking mechanism would make this a much better can opener.  Also, I found that this can opener leaves sharp edges whereas some don't.  Overall though, I think this is a good can opener.
This scraper's measurements are etched unlike the Kitchenaid's that are printed.The length is 6 inches whereas the Salton is not quite 6 inches.I'm getting this because of success with the Breadbaker's Apprentice book.
I'm all for good quality tools for whatever job you are doing. I'll buy cheap stuff to get by with but it is always just to get by till I can afford something of quality that will be a pleasure to use and work with.As I already have a set I am very pleased with I was happy to see these spoons appear on the Vine for review. If you cook much you've run into the problem of having to wash spoons to measure more than one ingredient so having a second set on hand can be pretty convenient.Pros:The plastic is fairly thick which translates into sturdy spoons.Handles are short - good for taking up less space in the drawer.The ring makes it easy to use one spoon without other spoons getting in the way.Easy to remove and reattach individual spoons.Interior of spoon bowl is smooth for easier cleaning while handle is textured for better grip.Cons:They are plastic.The size labels are small and hard to read.Handles are short - not so good for dipping into taller bags/containers.Other reviewers have noted that the size labels come off almost immediately with use. At least one person said they could scratch the labels off. I tried that but the label remained intact, even with a lot of pressure scraping at it. I assume the set that person got came from a different factory or got by QC. These spoons have a lifetime warranty, as others have noted, and OXO is a good brand as far as I know with a reputation to maintain.I mentioned that the labels are hard to read. Boy howdy, I couldn't really tell what they said without getting my reading glasses out. They are color coded so, as long as the color doesn't come off, I guess you could get by with that without too much trouble. Of course, as long as you've got the whole set together telling the difference in sizes won't be a label issue anyway if you use them often enough.If you want something better than the 99 cent ones from Wal-Mart then these are probably going to meet your needs. I think the short handles are a real drawback but that really depends on how you use them in your kitchen. They certainly seem sturdy.Personally, I prefer the stainless steel set I bought in 2008 that still look brand new and still have size labels that look like they did when I first got them:MIU Trendy Stainless-Steel 5-Piece Measuring Spoon Set.
Pros:Spoons clip to plastic ring that can be used to keep them togetherHandles have good gripCons:Poor build qualityBulky (takes up a lot of drawer space)Bottom Line:Get something that is less bulky and nicer made.  There are many imperfections around the rubber handles, mainly where they meet up with the spoon and where the numbering/lettering is for the spoon size.  See my photo for a comparison of a set of metal spoons vs these spoons for how much drawer space they use up.  The handles on these are fairly flexible, and they just don't feel good to me.  Do they do the job measuring?  Sure, but all measuring spoons are on equal footing for that task.
The OXO Good Grips 6-piece Measuring Spoon Set offers an easy to use clip that allows you to remove one or more spoons at a time.  When not in use, the clip keeps the entire set together.  The spoons are not the most stylish ever (actually I prefer a standard stainless steel set), but they do get the job done.  The lettering/numbering is just simply painted on.  Plus, the spoons are rather thick.  Stainless steel spoons usually thinner because of the material, but these OXO spoons are thick plastic.  So getting them into tight containers or spice jars can be difficult, if not impossible.
OXO's Good Grips 6-piece Measuring Cup set are not the best looking (rather large, bulky, and black), but I guess they do measure well enough.  When I first received these my first impression was that they were as ugly as could be.  Like I said, very bulky and they just stand out...in a bad way.  They were replacing a stainless steel set I have, which take up much less room and just look ten times better.  These are made of very thick plastic.  However, the clip is a nice feature.  It keeps them together when not in use and you can easily dettached one when needed.  The slanted cups also help in getting the ingredients out of the cups, but it's not a huge improvement.
These measuring cups stack nicely, have grippy handles, and have six different sizes including the 3/4 cup size, which is nice to have.  They are a nice scoop shape so they are easy to use.  I use mine for dog food and cat food portioning.  They are fine if you want cheap everyday set up cups that won't break like glass or cost you a fortune like stainless steel.  While useful, I find them to be unremarkable, with no distinguishing features.  I think they are clunky and ugly-looking and went back to using my Tupperware set with the sizes stamped into the cup bottom.  These will make a great back up set in case my Tupperware are dirty.
What can I say, they are measuring cups. Nothing spectacular to note about them.So basically here are the pros and cons as I see them.pros:The more pointed scoop is nice as opposed to the normal round ones.The variety of sizes is good.The handles are comfortable.cons:They are more bulky than my other plastic measuring cups.Residue tends to stick in them, requring a wipe down wash rather than a quick rinse.Bottom line, they are not my preferred measuring cups but they work.
These are really good measuring cups.  They are sturdy and heavy.  I was struck by how heavy they were when I removed them from the box.  I really like the ability to attach them all together so that they are easy to find and I don't have to be searching my drawers for the right cup.  I also like the fact that I can detach them from each other because they are difficult to manage when they are attached.  I don't think that the handles will be bending as they seem to be pretty strong.
In my measuring drawer, I have 4 sets of measuring cups.  I know that sounds crazy, but I use them a lot!  And I use all of them!  When I'm cooking and fixing multiple dishes at one time, I don't have time to wash one set and clean them before I need to measure the next ingredient.  When I saw the price on these, I realized that these OXO cups are for someone who is a minimalist cook--who only wants to use one set--given the high price and their design.Based on this reasoning... if you want just 1 set of measuring cups, these are nice because they have a little bit of a lip that helps them scoop well.  The sides are slanted for better scooping.  When I scooped some brown sugar into a cup, it leveled really nicely against the side of my Rubbermaid container that I store it in.  I didn't find that the handles bend easily as many reviewers have mentioned.  I've had many measuring cups in the past that do bend easily, but these are much stronger.  The handle has rubber on it which makes them easy to grip.  The design would let you hang them easily on an s-hook from IKEA if you wanted to hang them up for easy access.But, if you want 1 set, then I'd look for a set that also includes 1/8, 2/3, and 3/4.  When I'm trying to cook quickly, these extra measuring cups are so convenient to have.  The old Tupperware sets included these.  I would also look for a set with straight sides.  I don't like slanted sides because I approximate when I'm in a hurry (half of 1/4 is 1/8).  With slanted sides, I can't really do this because the measurement is more likely to be off.All in all, these measuring cups are nice for what they are... I just wish there were a few more of them in the set.
The Oxo name say quality and good design for me. Usually.The good points. Love the stainless steel, and contrary to a number of reviews here, I had no issue with bendy handles. But those handles do give me some concern. The rubbery grip is nice, but is it a dirt collector and will it last? Not so sure.But my biggest issue is how the cups nest. Those thick handles are, we'll, thick, thick enough that they did not fit in my kitchen drawer. Gladly I realize I could put them in upside down and they just cleared. Are my drawers oddly shallow? I think not.Honestly, a flat handle would be better i think.And would make room for a 2/3 and 3/4 cup, sadly missing.
These are beautiful stainless steel cups - my big problem is that they always flip over, whether there is something in them or not. Usually happens after I've used them and put them down and whatever spice or liquid is left in the cup then spills out onto my counter.  Something about the balance is off.
you only get four and if you are getting these for baking - don't because you can get nice metal ones from Cuisipro or other brands in a larger range of sizes for the same price or less. I also have the cheap plastic Norpro ones that I use all the time although I prefer metal because the white Norpro ones have very easily visible markings for the different sizes - you would still have to squint to see these Oxo ones but since there are only four of them - it is probably easy to remember at a glance which is whichthe marking is raised but I wouldn't say they were especially easy to read compared to the NorproI guess it is important to remember that Oxo products are designed for people with grip problems.  I think this product is kind of a nonstarter.  I don't particularly like the brushed metal compared to the shiny smooth metal of standard measuring cups because seeing the streaks in the metal lead me to suspect that food will become embedded in the very thin grooves.I would chuck the ring as the hook on each handle is meant to be slid off the ring.  I don't see it as being all that useful.In Oxo's defense, I will say that these are definitely a higher quality in that the metal is thicker and the handles are thick and sturdy and they rest solidly on a flat surface. Still, it is a specific market willing to pay twenty dollars for four measuring cups that Oxo is targeting.  If this item is successful, then they should consider offering more sizes - then anyone would be happy to place such a deluxe premium set on their bridal registry.
If I am going to buy stainless steel anything, I do not want any part of it being made of plastic! OXO, rethink this!
These are measuring cups, nothing more. The "updated design" is more of a gimmick. When it comes to stainless steel I would rather have the steel and not some rubberized handles that hold dirt and come off with little effort.Because of the tapered design they can become top heavy and topple over. Bad news in a kitchen.
The set I received is supposed to be the "newer stronger" ones with better handles to prevent bending.  This is scary, since I wonder what they were like then BEFORE this improvement, because these are not that strong at all.The ring to hold them together is more of an annoyance than anything else.As another reviewer pointed out, there's no spout-ish area on them.  While they do "lean" forward they're still flat and circular on top, so pouring is no different than pouring out of a cup.The set I've been using, just a cheap black plastic nesting set, only has one more that this doesn't, a 1/8, that I never use anyway, so I'm not missing anything from a variety of sizes standpoint.The grip is fine, better than the bare metal would have been, and they do measure things, and come in the listed sizes, but there's really not a single thing here on them that makes them stand out from any other set out there, and the ease the "new" handles still bend make them a less than optimal choice with so many other options out there, especially for the price.
I just received these measuring cups and have already used them a lot!  I love to bake and a set of measuring cups never seem to last long around here because I use them so much.  The sizes are 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.  I think I will miss having a 2/3 and 3/4 cup especially for things like peanut butter and shortening.  I like the rubber handles and the measurement is clearly printed on the handle.  The cups wash up nice in the dishwasher too.  Some may like that there is a clip to keep the cups together, however, I bake so much that I don't use the clip.  One thing I have noticed so far is that when there is something heavy, such as peanut butter or brown sugar in the one cup measuring cup, the handle seems to bend down a bit.I will know more about this product in a few months and plan to update this on how these cups stand the test of time when they are used daily.
These are a pretty nice set of measuring cups - they have a nice heft to them since they're made of stainless steel, and the rubber handle is nice, especially if you're leaving them around hot surfaces for various reasons (to melt/warm contents or just a bit forgetful of things when baking/cooking). Other than looking pretty, being rather durable and having a nice handle to grab onto, I don't really know what else to say about these to make them worth the expense - two complaints I do have about them is 1) the plastic ring that keeps them together seems worthless since it's difficult to use (maybe just for shipping?) and 2) this seems like a rather incomplete set of cups to me. I've two other measuring cups (plastic and tupperware that are showing their age) and both of them came with a 2/3 measuring cup. This set didn't. Maybe it's nitpicking, but it's a bother to have to wash the cups to re-use the 1/3 cup all the time.
I'm generally a big Oxo fan, but I don't particularly care for these measuring cups, particularly not at this price-point.They are stainless steel, which is great, but Oxo used that yucky black material that they started using a year or so ago, and it does not --despite what they say on the packaging-- NOT hold up to dishwasher use.At least not with our Bosch.  I don't know whether our dishwasher gets particularly hot or something, but this particular black rubberized stuff that Oxo uses starts to break down fairly quickly and it ends up leaving black greasy smears on anything it rubs across.  Yuckadoo.The other thing I don't care for with this set is that they don't nest nicely.  If you're like me, you've got some cup hooks where you hang your measuring spoons and measuring cups-- so you can grab them quickly and get on with cooking.  My other measuring sets hang nicely together.  With this set the handles are too thick and they won't do that on either my small and large hooks.Altogether, these are nicely balanced.  If you put them down, the handles don't make them fall over.  But this is a set I'll have to hand-wash, and despite the fact that these are Oxo, I've got to say that you are probably going to be able to find better ones for less money.Pam T~mom/baker-in-residence
It is not that these are bad measuring cups, it is just at this price point I expected them to be exceptional. I did like the shape of them, and the cups themselves are fairly sturdy. There are several things, though, that I found poor. The first thing is that the handles are too short. For my hands, I found them awkward to hold. The Second issue is that I would have prefered them to have a small pour spout on them but the rim is even, with no pour spout. Finally, the set does not have 2/3 cup, nor 3/4 cup sizes.These are nice looking measuring cups, but there is nothing that makes me want to use them over my $5 walmart plastic ones.
These are decent measuring cups but not great measuring cups.  I have come to expect "great" from OXO.  As other reviewers have stated, the handles are prone to bending.  I also am not sure that I get being able to snap them back on to a ring.  Measuring spoons need to be a on a ring but as long as measuring cups stack well, there's no real benefit to them being attached to each other.  The main dishwasher in our house and I disagree on the importance of reattaching the cups to the ring.
My title about says it all. Step on them and they won't dent is how sturdy they are. My pass-fail test for measures is: can you smoothly run the back of a knife across them (to get an exact measure)? With these you can. Their greatest feature is that they are CLEARLY marked with their sizes: no glasses or peering necessary.I'm a big fan of good-quality measures, but I don't love these. I don't get the flare on the lip of each one. I'd also prefer them to be elongated-lozenge-shaped, because these are frequently too wide to fit in jarmouths.They're a welcome addition to my kitchen, because yet another set is never too many, but I also don't understand why the (too short, in my opinion) handles are so thick: it just makes them unstackable.
A nice quality measuring set with no welds to break and no worries about bent handles but unfortunately a little on the generous side for my brand of flour when I weigh it out. Would be fine for baking many items but for bread, or precise baking, I would recommend a scale instead. Great for cookies as long as you underbake them slightly and allow them to cool for just a few minutes before putting them on a cooling rack.
I purchased this item as a birthday gift for my daughter who is an 'every-single-day' popcorn eater. Having used it for over a year now, I decided it was time for a review to share the good and the bad about our 'user' experience with the West Bend Stir Crazy Electric Popcorn Popper.The Good...1. The popcorn produced from this machine is flavorful and always a favorite.2. Every kernel pops if without burning the other popped kernels.3. The lid acts as a bowl when the cover is in place and all you have to do to fill it is turn the machine over after unplugging it.4. You can get special popcorn to use in it.Amish Country Rainbow Blend Popcorn - 2lb.The Bad...1. You do use vegetable oil in the machine, which makes the popcorn greasier than an air popper, but not as greasy as microwave popcorn. Not the healthiest option for those trying to watch their cholesterol.2. Clean-up of the machine (at least the heated base) is done by wiping it off after it has cooled.  Bit of popcorn get caught in the crease between the heating element and the base, and you can't really get them out, you just end up dropping them into the abyss of the mechanical part of the popper.  The top cleans up with a hand wash in soapy water, but since it's a thin plastic bowl I wonder about its long-term durability. (We use it about twice a month due to the clean-up effort after each pop, and concerns about 'durability'.)3. The stirring rod which attaches to the center of the heated base is tough to seat correctly, and often comes off during the popping of corn - towards the end of the cycle when more corn has been popped and resistance to the arm is highest. It's irksome to have to go fishing for a hot piece of metal after you have popped your corn.4. The butter well on the top of the lid works well for getting the butter on your popcorn, but it's easier to just put some in the microwave and pour it over the top when the popcorn is done.  Much less mess inside the machine this way!Another reviewer mentions the danger in using a product with teflon from China in it.  I've not heard of this being an issue before, and would suspect West Bend has and has addressed it.  My advice - if you're afraid of that sort of thing - stay away and stick with the air popper!In conclusion, I'd say this is a novelty of sorts, that for some, still makes the best tasting popcorn. It definitely does its best to help you get your money's worth by popping every kernel, and for large groups of popcorn lovers, it's a great item to have in your household.UPDATE: 9/30/13This popper died (stopped heating all of a sudden) after about 25 uses.  I have considered purchasing a second one, but found a 15 year old5 Qt. Hot Air Popcorn Pumperis getting the job done for me.Based upon what seemed like a short life-span of this product, I've dropped my review to 3 stars.
Overall I like this popper. No real mess and popcorn in less than ten minutes with virtually every kernel popped without having to stand over it and shake the pot like you do on a stove.The only negatives I have are:1) that it doesn't automatically turn off when done as advertised so you have to keep an eye on it if you don't want your popcorn to burn.2) the method of applying butter is not very good. You place chunks of butter into the top of the dome and the heat from the popping melts it, dripping the butter evenly onto the popcorn as it is stirred by the stirring arms. The problem is that some of the holes are indented and some are raised. If you mistakenly place the chunks onto the raised vents, the butter doesn't drop onto the popcorn because it takes too long to melt and flow over to the indeted vents. The vents meant for dripping the butter should be divided from those meant srictly for vening the steam generated by popping the corn. This way you don't accidentally block too many of the vents, which would cause the popcorn to become soggy.These are the reasons I only gave it 3 stars instead of 5. Fix these two problems and it is definately a 5 star product. I still love it a lot more than manually popping over a stove in a pot. The popcorn comes out a whole lot less greasy and 99.9% of the kernels pop unstead of about 90% the old fashinoned way.
The main goal in keeping wine &quot;leftovers&quot; is to prevent the wine from aging between the time you open the bottle and when you finish the remaining wine. Air destroys wine, so you need to minimize the air contacat. You also have to keep the wine in the fridge during this time, because 55F is a 'normal aging temperature' and since the air is already aging the wine, you want to minimize *any* other degrading that might go on. Any temperature over 55F will simply make things worse.The vacu-vin attempts to help by sucking the air out of a half-empty bottle of wine. Note that, instead of the few pumps their literature suggests, you need about 15 pumps to get most of the air out. For many wine types the fact that you are in essence lowering the pressure in the bottle pulls the 'liveliness' out of the wine, which ruins it.I have done a series of tests for my website comparing both a red and white after 3 days, being stored under a variety of circumstances. The vacu-vin &quot;works&quot; in the sense that it does remove most of the air. However, it was also found to greatly harm some wines - even when you compare its use against a simple cork.The *ideal* method of saving wine is cheap. Simply put the wine into a smaller glass bottle, cork it, and put it in the fridge. That has the best chance to keep the most common wines for another few days in the best condition. No air at all, no vacuum either. Of course, *no* method will really keep a wine in the same state it started in. You can always cook with the wine on the second day, and move along to your next bottle!Life is too short to drink bad or old wine :)I'm continuing to experiment with preserving opened bottles, with various price ranges of wine, and with different wine types....END
I frequently won't finish a bottle of wine, and also like to keep a bottle of white in the fridge for cooking, so the Vacu Vine wine saver comes in fairly handy for me. Just insert the rubber seal into a bottle of wine, place the plastic pump over the seal, and give it about 3-10 pumps (depending on how much wine is left in the bottle). It will draw air out of the 4 holes in the seal, removing excess air from the bottle and keeping your wine fresher for longer. The description advertises one seal, but mine from Amazon came with two. It also says it keeps it fresh for up to two weeks, but I've found unrefrigerated reds usually only stay "fresh" for up to about 5 days before they start to taste off, and I can get about 10 days with refrigerated whites, and a few days longer if I'm using it for cooking. I have not noticed any change in taste from the rubber seal coming into contact with the wine.This product definitely won't give you two weeks, but it does buy you a few days, and paid for itself after just a couple bottles.
Update: Mixer totally failed.  The motor sparked and is done for.  I definitely wouldn't buy another one of these and would downgrade my rating to a two.The mixer is good for doing an occasional bread recipe, and for other light tasks like whipping cream, mixing mashed potatoes, etc, but if you use it to make heavy or dry breads on a regular basis it isn't suitable.  When I first received the machine I loved it.  I liked the high quality metal construction, the provided attachments, and the reputation of the KitchenAid name.Throughout the first year I had no trouble with it.  I used the machine once every month or so; I tried a few of the loaves of bread from the included recipe book.  I really enjoyed the machine, and it is quite powerful for its rated 250 watts.Then I bought this wonderful book, The Bread Baker's Apprentice, by Reinhart.  Only then did I realize how woefully inadequate this machine is for medium use.  I started baking bread once a week, from a lighter ciabatta to heavy whole wheat breads and bagels.The machine vibrates so much while mixing breads that I am afraid it is going to fall on the floor.  The pin holding the tilt head on also works its way out, one of these days I am afraid it will fall out and the mixer head will fall off.  While mixing dry doughs, like bagels, the motor strains so hard that it sometimes stops for 1 second at a time and makes buzzing noises before it finally is able to knead the dough.  This causes excess heat in the motor that I am sure will cause premature failure (it has the electrical burn smell afterwards).In the last few months the machine has quickly declined, and it is on its last limb.  It is only a matter of time before the motor burns up or the gearbox fails.  When it does fail I will probably fix it and keep it around as a meat grinder since it has the power take off unit that can run the meat grinder attachment.  One of the nice things about these mixers is they are completely serviceable, but I will replace it with a DeLonghi (Kenwood) DSM7 that is better suited for my kneads (pun intended).As I said, this mixer is excellent for light use, and for a single loaf (or 2 small loaves) of bread at a time.  If you intend to bake bread frequently, it would be wise to invest in something heavier duty.  If I only used it for light use, I would have rated it a 5.
Why can't they just leave well enough alone?I owned one of these for about 5 years. It worked great until finally it stopped misting-it would only put out a stream of oil. OK, fair enough. I use the thing all the time, and getting 5 years out of a relatively cheap piece of kitchen equipment is OK with me.Then I bought a new one. I like it a lot less than the old one.* It doesn't hold pressure. If you pump it up and come back to it in a day, or even a few hours, the air has leaked out and you have to repressurize it.* The new one is made out of much cheaper materials than the original. The metal is flimsy enough that you have to be careful when you tighten the cap- it is fairly easy to dent or bend the bottom.* The plastic "plumbing" inside also looks a bit more flimsy.So I am not happy. I doubt I will get 5 years out of this one, although it does mist just fine. But if the Misto people are listening, I'd much rather spend an extra buck or two and get something made with better materials.
I had high hopes for this item as I wholly embraced the cooking spray  introduction.  I also am not really thrilled about propellant usage.  However, it just does not work as well as I hoped.I followed the  directions and filled with the proper amount and type of oil.  Then I  pumped.  Afraid to break it (I've busted a bike tire pump)I was careful  not to go too far. This barely covered a single cookie pan.  I pumped it  again, but due to the underspray, I had as much oil on my hands as I did  the pan.  I did finish the pan with this exertion however.This was not a  single occurance.  Both my daughter and my boyfriend have used it with  similar results.  Maybe I have a faulty one, or overly high standards.  Mind you prior to this, I had been re-using one of the (I can't believe  it's not butter's) pump sprays quite nicely, so I don't think so.They  need to do a better job in design in my opinion.
I've found this to work fairly well. You fill the chamber with olive oil, prime the pump, and spray away. The trick here is to make sure that the spray head is clean and does not have oil deposits on it because it will affect its ability to produce an unimpeded flow of spray. You should also take care to change the oil frequently. After awhile, the oil looses its potency and may become rancid.The construction is stainless steel and plastic. With average care, it should last for a long time.
Since purchasing this item in August, my original 5 star impression has become tarnished and I now find myself giving it a grudging 3 stars.  It can make a HUGE mess when you use it because the mist is so ultra-fine.  You have to be very deliberate about where & how you apply it or you'll have a fine sheen of oil sprayed on everything in the vicinity.  With use, the canister itself quickly becomes a dirty oily mess.  I went back to a stream sprayer - I don't think aerosol olive oil is an ideal application for our needs.My original 5 star review follows:Effective and attractive - a great addition to a gift basket.I found this to be a nice little oil sprayer, especially in the under $10 delivered price range that it was in when I purchased it (free Prime shipping).  I'm buying more for gifts.  It can get a little messy to use, especially the super fine mist that comes out when you over-build the internal pressure.  I try to remember to release the pressure when I'm done using though you can't really close the lid without asserting a little effort so there's always at least a little pressure, regardless.  It's attractive enough to sit on the counter or be displayed in a gift basket.
When I first filled this sprayer and gave it a few pumps, yes..nothing happened and I felt a bit cheated. Then, I gave it a few more pumps and then it became very difficult to press the lid down and that is the secret. You can't really over pump the sprayer.Once the pressure builds up inside the plastic container, you will find it works quite well. You also have the option of placing a sticker on each misto sprayer. I bought one for olive oil and one for vegetable oil.What do I use if for most of the time? Bread baking. Yes, it is perfect to spray oil over bread dough to keep it moist when rising. Then you can use it when frying steaks or vegetables. I have used it a few times when preparing salads. It is also handy for greasing pans. One word of caution: keep the spray over a sink or stove top. You don't want oil on the kitchen floor.~The Rebecca Review
This is much more elegant and environmentally friendly than disposable olive oil aerosols, and you can use it with whatever kind of oil you prefer. The major trade-off is that it takes a lot of pumping action to get a good spray. As others have pointed out, you should fill it half-way for optimal spray; as this is a large device, that's still a lot of olive oil, and you'll have to use it up more quickly than if it were sealed in a bottle.Buy this device if you need to dazzle guests with aerated olive oil, or if you absolutely must coat a pan evenly, but be prepared to sacrifice some convenience. Squirting oil from an ordinarysqueeze bottleis far more convenient.
This item worked for awhile then it stopped cold. It would not even pump, but it did look pretty.I bought a cheap plastic one from the A&P; and have had it for a few years now without problems,got my moneys worth already.
This pan does what it claims--mostly, but not entirely.  If you don't mind standing at the stove turning the crank for several minutes and not letting the pan move it's okay.  The instructions say not to preheat the pan so I found it needed a good four minutes plus to finish popping all the corn on a ceramic top stove.  Plus using that cooking surface, it's hard to keep the pan from shifting around, which they say can scratch the surface.  I followed the directions though and was careful hoping for the great crispy corn I wasn't getting from my old popper.I was disappointed though as this popped corn was just the same as I'd had before.  It is okay and almost all the kernels popped.  I could tell it was done when the crank didn't want to turn anymore and I was delighted to be able to stop turning.  One side of the pan lid opens easily letting you empty the popped corn into your bowl quickly, but it's a little hard to release the other lid clips to wipe out the pan after use.  The pan is very lightweight aluminum so the corn would burn pretty easily if you turned the heat up much.  Since I wasn't getting any action on medium heat, I turned it up to medium high (directions said that was fine), but then I did get a little burning.  Not much and I could wipe the spots out after the pan cooled, but still it worries me a little.Between being worried about the pan scratching my stove top and the burning, it made the need to stand there and crank that much less appealing for me.  For others that may not be an issue, but for me this isn't the ideal solution.  If I'd gotten the super crisp popcorn I hoped for, I may have been more generous in my assessment, but I didn't.  I'll give the pan away--it's big and bulky so storage is an issue even if you really love it.  What was I thinking?  I've long used a popper that does its own stirring and will go back to that type.
I know old Jewish guys are still making yogurt from hundred year old starter just by pouring milk over a spoonful of starter but I have not been able to do that.  I will keep trying but in the meantime I have refused to buy yogurt and I need affordable yogurt for curries.
This scoop is the perfect size for BIG cookies, but is hard to grip and hold on to. A better scoop (the same size) is made by OXO, and has silicone grips. So be sure to look at the OXO before you buy this one.Oxo Good Grips Medium Cookie Scoop.
(edited on 01/17/2012)I have had this mug for about 2.5 years now and am pondering getting a new one. I am going to look about and see if I can find something that will last longer and holds a few more ounces. Here are my lessons learned about this in the past 2.5 years:Pros:It keeps hot drinks hot, for hours. If you can take a few minutes to fill it with hot water and let it warm up, it will keep coffe or tea hot / very warm for 6 hours. But even just putting hot coffee in it cold keeps the coffee hot for 3-4 hours. If you are going on a trip, etc. just fill it up, screw the top on tight & hours later you still have a piping hot drink.No mess clean up, just use a bottle / glass cleaner for the mug and the top is a single screw on piece. No parts to take apart & clean, etc. or just throw the mug and top in the dishwasher. Very simple. That being said, don't lose the top.Cons:It says 14oz which is untrue if you plan on using the top. The top screws down into the unit and fully screwed on tight, it holds about 12oz. Maybe not a big deal to some but if you want maximum coffee / tea, that extra 2oz is precious! Frankly I would prefer a true 16oz to be honest.The bottom part is rubber that is attached via a rivet. After about 6 months it started to come loose and after a year it came off entirely in the dishwasher. It bottom serves as a sort of "no skid" coaster of sorts. So now I have just a flanged flat metal bottom which probably isn't good for furniture and more likely to fall over.
Given all the 5-star reviews, I bought this mug expecting to be as happy with it as so many others are.  But I'm not.  Here's 4 reasons why NOT to love this mug:#1  This mug is heavy!  It weighs 14oz., which is almost one pound!  Think you've still got a lot of coffee left in your mug because it weighs so much?  Think again!  You've just sipped your last mouthful!  The weight you thought was coffee in your mug was actually just the weight of the mug itself!#2  The handle is an awkward, ill-fitting, 90-degree angle.  When I hold the mug, it just doesn't feel good in my hand, and the weight of the mug isn't evenly spread out through the handle.  The handle doesn't fit my hand's grip well, and I prefer a handle that has a curved handle instead of a sharp, 90-degree angle.  A curved handle is simply easier to hold in your hand.#3  What's with the keyring on the handle?!  All it does for me is make it uncomfortable to lay my thumb on the handle because it's so badly notched to hold a keyring!#4  Screwing the cap on invariably leads to a mess because it's easy to overfill the mug.  I'm used to filling a mug up to the top of the interior stainless steel.  With this mug, there's a hard-to-read, almost impossible-to-see fill-line that you're not supposed to exceed.  Problem is, I can't see that stupid fill-line, so I generally overfill this mug.  When I screw-on the lid -- not even all the way! -- the hot coffee squeezes out on top of the lid, creating a mess of the lid and a bigger mess if you're not careful when you sip.Maybe it's because I was trying to replace a software vendor's free, give-away mug that didn't have any of these faults that makes me so disappointed with this mug.On the upside:  my coffee *does* stay hot for several hours.CONCLUSION:  I'll keep looking for the perfect insulated travel mug.  This one isn't it.
If this is 'commercial', I fear for the future of this company. (Actually, Calphalon states that commercial use will void the warranty.)  The base is relatively heavy; however, the lid is very light weight  and bounces atop the pan while boiling.  My read is that it was certainly worth the low Amazon price, but the 'list' price quoted is a ridiculous exageration.I do use this pan quite a bit for veggies.  Its silky smooth interior makes cleanup a breeze.
This is "just" OK, this Cuisinart doesn't thrill me but I'll keep it since it's small, easy-to-store and does a fine job of chopping *most* of the time. And it's much better than the dangerous choppers of years past. Motor is loud but not so loud that it frightens my cats. You'd think 3 cups is a fairly large amount until you get it and find it holds much less. You can add liquid through the top while processing, but the hole is teeny-tiny, like 1/8". The container is thin, flimsy plastic and the black handle feels especially fragile. Top-rack dishwasher safe except for the base. The cord storage in the bottom is a joke, no matter how I try to store it, the location where the cord comes out of the base is too stiff, making the entire unit tilt. As a side note, the Brushed Chrome is really plastic, but I knew that when I ordered it, just thought I'd throw it out there for those of you looking at the latest reviews.
I've had this pan for 3 years now and it's never seen a dishwasher, metal utensil, or steel wool.  The finish is wearing away nonetheless and it's non-stick properties are history.  I still use it with non-stick spray because of the size and convenience, but I won't buy it again.  All my commercial hard anodized Calphalon still looks great and performs wonderfully (I got a boatload when they were on clearance), but I won't try the non-stick again.
This baking sheet works as advertised.  I have not had any problem removing baked goods, or cleaning up...but I find that it *seriously* compromises the quality of the product.  The cookies I baked on it rose nicely, but didn't have the snap you get on a pan.  They were also somewhat leaden.  I am certain that this was a result of using the mat, as I made a huge batch and used several pans (having only 1 mat).  The quality of the things baked on the mat was nowhere near as good.I suppose it's a reasonable trade-off for those looking to eliminate fat from their diets...but, most people who bake, do so because they are looking for  a better product than they'd get at the market.  In that regard, it's a poor compromise.however...mine may see a second life as a surface for working with precious metal clay.  There the non-stick qualities would be beneficial without compromising the final product.
Unfortunately these lids leak with liquids such as soup. If any liquid sloshes while moving it such as to place it inside the fridge, the liquid instantly comes out and runs down the outside and into the refrigerator. I do not fill these to the top either because that also causes the leak to happen. The leaking is caused by the design of the Pyrex lid -- it is flimsy and is not double walled to have a lip for the glass to go inside.The lid is not airtight as a result of the design that Pyrex chose to use for the lid (see details above). That is not good enough if you are looking for a glass storage container to store dry foods in to keep pantry pest bugs out.Formerly I used an Italian company's glass container that had a red plastic lid. That lid was thicker plastic and had a lip to make it airtight. I mean to say, the glass top was hugged on both sides by the plastic forming a seal (just like the plastic Rubbermaid and Tupperware storage containers). Unfortunately the Italian product is not as readily available as the Pyrex so I decided to give Pyrex a shot.These are less expensive than other glass containers on the market.The glass is sturdy and thick enough.I am disappointed in this product due to a poorly designed lid.While I love glass containers and prefer them to plastic for health reasons, the product needs to have an airtight lid and a lid that will not leak if liquid sloshes.I rate this 3 stars = It's Okay because for the price it is alright for storing solid foods such as leftovers in the refrigerator. I probably should have rated it 2 stars because of the liquid leaks.
We have made the switch from plastic containers to glass because of staining, odors and safety concerns with plastics. This is the second set of Pyrex glass storage containers that I have purchased.They are wonderful. You can store in them, place in the microwave or the oven. There are only a couple of things that I would change: 1) They get very hot in the oven or microwave and can be difficult to remove and it would help if they had handles on their sides. That is why I rated them 4 stars and not 5 stars. 2) They really need some larger sizes in their sets.This is a nice set though, I really love the rectangle ones. They are great for storing meats and for cooking mini lasagnas. I recommend highly. Watch for these to go on sale, they do often.Update: I just ordered another set and it's now June 2013. With this set, the lids have now been changed. The quality is not any where near what they were on my first set purchased back in 2008. The new lids are flimsy and don't fit well at all. The new lids do list that they are BPA free which was not listed on the older ones. I'm not sure that means that the older ones contained it or if they are just advertising it now.
This is the second factory refurbished Cuisinart DCC-1200 Central 12-cup Programmable Coffeemaker I've purchased from Amazon in 4 years. The first one held up to daily use, and performed beautifully, offering cup after cup of delicious coffee - until it didn't.One morning the coffeemaker would turn on and then when it finally did, it wouldn't stay on.  I assumed some sort of electrical issue was to blame. After reading the reviews (both before I purchased the first one and now), I had concerns about the potential fire hazard with this coffeemaker. I tossed it into the garbage, fully intending to buy another brand, however my husband loves this coffeemaker, thus the second purchase of another refurbished one.At the list price, or if I was intending to pay over fifty for it, I'd have chosen another coffeemaker (reading reviews first of course...).  This model has performed well over the past 4 years, but you really can't fully ignore the numerous reviews referencing electrical issues with this maker.What made me stick with this model? Looking at how we use our coffeemaker.I brew a pot and then turn off the heat.  I'm standing nearby when it brews.  I don't use the programmable function but about twice a year (Christmas and New Years Day).  If I was setting it and going to bed, I think I'd consider another model based solely on the other reviews which mention issues related to electrical fires.If you are considering this purchase, know it makes great coffee.  Also know that your usage may be the determining factor in whether or not this Cuisinart is right for you.  But truly, that shouldn't be the case should it?
I am a little disappointed with this coffee pot.  First of all, it makes excellent coffee.  I replaced my Melitta Grind & Brew with this pot because I wanted a pot with an adjustable burner that stayed warm for more than 1 hour, and brewed coffee at the proper temperature.  This pot has all of that, and does a nice job.The quirky things I am disappointed with:1) This coffee pot feels it needs to announce to the world that it is done brewing with a series of beeps.  Who cares?  Why add this feature?  It can easily disturb a peaceful household early in the morning, and there is nothing you can do to turn it off.2) If you don't load the carafe under the brewer correctly the machine will back up and spill coffee all over the place.  The difference between correctly loaded and incorrectly loaded carafe can be a very subtle difference too, nothing too obvious looking.  I'm paranoid now and usually stand around and make sure coffee starts pouring into the carafe.3) The water reservoir is dark and narrow.  I have to turn on all the lights in my kitchen to see in there to judge the correct water level.  Having some kind of gauge outside the machine would be perfect.4) Someone was smoking grass when they designed the lid to the carafe.  It is just plain weird.  If you pour coffee too fast it will leak out the sides of the carafe lid.  I think the lid is difficult to attach and remove, and I worry about it lasting because you have to snap it on and off each time you want to rinse out the carafe.If you can overlook these things, this pot is a good one.  Otherwise 'keep looking' would be my recommendation.
I bought this Food Chopper to replace an old Cuisinart that was starting to come apart at the blade.  So far, I am not impressed.  I attempted to make hummus and it kept freezing up.  I guess the beans were just too thick.  I tried to thin the beans out with olive oil, remove some, etc., and it still froze up and I did not have any more than the 3 cup limit in the food chopper.For the money, I should have stayed with another Cuisinart.  My Cuisinart held up for about 8 years before the blade stem starting splitting.  I may still order a Cuisinart and keep the Black & Decker for more liquid dishes.
I've had this food chopper for two and a half years.  I bought it primarily for grinding nuts.  It gets a passing grade for that; it does a pretty good job.While it's useful, I hate cleaning this thing.  The blades lock into the lid, and the food gets all over the bottom of the motor that sits above the container.  It's hard to get the blades out, and no picnic cleaning the bottom of the motor.If you need to look directly at what you're chopping, well, just don't do it.  Anything that sticks to the bottom of the motor is going to fall out when you lift it up.Overall, it's awkward to use, and spends a lot of time in the cupboard.  I've taken it out only when nothing else will do the job.
I was looking for a nut chopper to replace the one I used to own. My first chopper was manual and worked great for about a year. I thought I'd give this unit a try as it looked a little more heavy-duty. Well, it isn't. In fact, it is a fussy little unit. If you get even one nut stuck under the blade when you load the chopper you have to empty everything out and start all over. It is VERY easy to get a nut stuck under the blade because the blade pivots up and down (it can be locked into position by turning the spindle backward, but it still is easy to get stuff stuck).  You also can't chop almonds or other hard nuts with it. I own a b&b and bake every single day. I need a unit that doesn't take so much TLC to get it to work. I will be buying another manual unit and sticking this one aside until I find some other less annoying-making use for it.
What a great concept this was for the single coffee drinker in a household. It brews coffee quickly, just one cup in a travel mug and you can just seal the mug and go. However, there was a lot of slip between the cup and the lip....I like my coffee strong so I would put in some exra coffee grounds but they splattered all over and cleaning the permanent filter was very messy. Worse still some coffee grounds would actually leak to the spout of the unit and were difficult to clean. The thing I disliked the most was that when you removed the mug to drink coffee would drip out of it to the base below. Uggghhh! The travel mug is of poor construction and the plastic started smelling after 3 months of use. I used it normally, take the mug out to my car in the morning, and bring it back in the evening and washed it. But the plastic surface got scratched and stained and it was difficult not to grimace every time I drank from it. Maybe it was my imagination, but my Starbucks coffee tasted much worse brewed in this unit that my regular coffee maker. I eventually switched to using another regular mug which actually defeated the "brew and go" purpose of the machine. After wrestling with the cleaning up unit, the permanent filter, the spout each time for some months I realized I was spening more time and effort on this machine than required and still not getting a good cup of coffee. I decided to go back to my regular coffee maker.
There is a serious design flaw in the large spoons, and that's a crying shame since there are a lot of other utensils in this set that are pretty nice.  The spoons are made of two parts, a top half and a bottom half, and when I wash them in the dishwasher a lot water accumulates in the handle.  I didn't notice it at first, but then it starts to leak slowly out when the spoon is moved in a certain motion.  This may be a sanitary issue depending how dirty the trapped water can be and how long it has been sitting in the handle.  There really is no excuse for this design flaw given how long Oxo has been in business and how much they charge for this product.  I'm going to have to wash those spoons by hand and hope a lot of water doesn't get in them when doing so.
This is an overall nice set of kitchen tools, but I felt it was really overpriced. The container that comes with it doesn't work very well, it has a tendency to tip over. The tools are mostly just average and could easily be replaced with cheaper versions. The one instrument that it came with that I really like is the tongs. They have good grip and I like that you can pull the tab on the end to lock the shut. If I had it to do over again, I would buy the tongs separately and get cheaper versions of everything else.
I have to admit I love this for the ease of measuring. The only draw back (and it's major for me) is that it doesn't pour well. The spout is too flat so the liquids just spill over the edge - ok if your pouring into a large bowl, but not if you need any degree of accuracy. I hope OXOs designers fix this soon, but I don't understand how they missed it in the first place. Such a major (and simple to fix) flaw.
I wanted the ease of mixing something without having to constantly hold the mixer and bowl.  Something powerful that can handle the dense cookie dough I make yearly.  This is definitely powerful enough for heavy, dense dough.  And yes it is nice to be able to grab something else and measure while the mixer is doing its thing.But I've had this for about 5 years now and am still reaching for my hand mixer more than using this.  Why?  The bowl is smaller than I often need and I've found with the bowl's design, it's necessary to stop and scrape the sides and bottom more often than using a regular bowl and hand mixer.  The beater doesn't touch the sides or bottom of the bowl like you'd maneuver when doing it with a hand mixer .  It's an increased hassle because to avoid getting your hand covered in whatever you're mixing, it's necessary to lift the beater up and out of the way.It comes with a splash guard which is effective and something I can appreciate.  While there is space to allow you to add more ingredients, unless it's small, the chances of getting all of your ingredients through that space--such as flour or say sour cream--aren't too good.  So it's necessary to remove the splash guard both for bowl scraping as well as adding some ingredients.I've never used the other attachments.It's definitely a good solid machine that can handle cookie dough, but I bought it for convenience and have found that it's not.
It was yuck at first sight when I first crossed paths with a Kitchenaid stand mixer in a cooking class.  There's something about the aesthetics that really bug me about this machine and I bought a food processor and an immersion blender for a total of $220 to avoid the need for this type of machine.  And if I was going to get this type of machine, I had decided I would get a non Kitchenaid with a glassbowl and less repulsive looking head or an Electrolux assistant if I became some kind of bread maker.I bought this because(1) my kitchenaid food processor would hop when mixing bread dough (one cup of flour!)(2) $167.11 is a good price even though red, blue and black were the only colors - I knew that this machine would be useful to meand the real reason(3) the electic pasta extruder would help me make chinese dough recipes from Eileen Yin-Fei Lo's cookbooksMy family is happy expecting better breads and other goodies but all I want are homemade dumpling wrappers and super flattened Northern Chinese breads. But this machine means I will now be able to make lump free (ew) cream cheese frosting for cupcakes and cream butter with sugar or eggs by machine rather than manually.I would never have gotten this at its regular $300 price or even at $200 but the double promo discounts pushed the price close to a cheaper but poorly rated Sunbeam and I really wanted the pasta extruder.  Sigh.  If I end up loving this machine, I will have to amend this review.  The red matches my knife block and my isi soda siphon and cream whipper and I cleared a space for it on my counter just as if I really wanted this machine all along and as if red not white or wasabi is the color for me. I don't have to see the side profile of the machine from where it is placed and I have the other red items grouped around it so it's one bunch of red that the mixer doesn't lock the eyes.It's not as gigantic as the one I remember from the cooking school which was the original design.  This bowl has a flat bottom so it can rest on the counter.  I was scolded for not paying $400 for the Professional model but this one has planetary motion and I still don't believe that these machines are worth their suggested retail prices.  The sale supposed to be through tomorrow but I see that only the Cobalt Blue is still available at this special price.This not that big but somewhat heavy machine was delivered in its original box without an extra brown box to protect it.  I found it in the rain; the box can't be kept and the machine did get wet.  There's really nothing included in the box to reflect what a heavy decision this mixer purchase is to many people - no leather bound manual or ceremonious unpacking process.  It came with the small hooks (everything was smaller than I expected), the whisk must be hand washed(!), there is the registration card and a brief trilingual manual and some recipes.  I also got a complimentary packet of Splenda which I will discard unopened.p.s. with the bowl removed, the machine in profile casts a shadow that looks exactly like H.R. Geiger's Alien
These scissors cut well enough, although they honestly are NOT the most comfortable kitchen shears I have ever used.  The annoying thing is that there is a little button-bolt that holds the shears together, and even if I put the shears in the dishwasher without taking them apart, the button always pops off and I have to search for it.  Also the blade length is quite short.  I would not purchase these again.
This is my second T-Fal set. I have been happy with my previous set as it worked well for a starter set. Which is also what this essentially is. My 5 year old T-Fal set setting dire need of replacement. The pots and pans were heavily scratched on the outside and the outside material was peeling. The nonstick aspect was also starting to fade away. So, it seems the shelf life of these pots and pans is 5-7 years with normal use. The cookware does need to be seasoned prior to use. Basically heat up vegetable oil in the pot or pan and spread it around.This set includes several pots and pans of varying sizes including a square griddle, and egg pan and a large pan cooker. It also comes with a 4 piece assortment of spoons, and spatulas. This set has all the sizes you could need in a starter set and more. The egg pan (for just one egg) is a plus and is just so cute and small. It is made of aluminum and has a rubberized handle. The instructions say oven safe to 350 degrees but I would never put it in the oven. Also, it could go in the dishwasher but hand washing is strongly recommended. My issue with the set is that the instructions stress that only medium temperatures should be used. This even includes boiling water. So, basically, making pasta would be a no no with this set. If you can't even boil water, what good really is it?As a starter set, this is great. But, if you are a heavy use cook and/or like to make increasingly complicated dishes or those requiring higher cook temperatures, this is not for you.
Calphalon is my favorite cookware ever since I bought a special, oval pan from them on Amazon. I prefer their commercial grade to their professional grades, and I generally choose the non-stick variety.  Non-stick has its drawbacks though, you must be careful with the coating, and it heats slower, than non-coated pans.  Among the fastest heating pans, is Calphalon's hard-anodized aluminum. I have a couple of saucepans of that variety.  I use them for cooking things I want to cook very fast, or have very fine control over the heat.  Hot cereals, soups, boiled eggs; all seem to be perfect for these pans.I thought for browning meat, and making things like home fried potatoes, that this everyday pan would be great.  Unfortunately, this pan is not up to the usual Calphalon quality standard.  My sauce pan is very thick, which is apparent just to look at it.  This pan is thin, much like most simple retail pans.  I don't think anyone would believe it's commercial grade.  Had the price been closer to its listed full retail, I'd have sent it back.  I have a Calphalon non-stick pan that I used for frying, and making things like Hamburger Helper dishes. It's twice as heavy as this pan, and much better quality.  I notice it's also currently listed, at more than six times the price I paid for this one, even with a small Amazon discount.  Sometimes you do get what you pay for.You have to know how to use aluminum properly, to keep things from sticking. I have to disagree with the term, &quot;everyday&quot; in naming this pan.  Aluminum pans have their uses for cooking, and do the best job of browning, of the different Celphalon pan types. They should not to be considered non-stick pans!  You must use oils, or proper seasoning, to keep things from sticking.  You shouldn't take this pan out, and start cracking eggs into it.  If you do, you better break out the scouring pads..
Not as heavy as the Analon 'Advanced' 8" open skillet (or, for that matter, the Calphalon 'Kitchen Essentials' 8" skillet).  If this is 'commercial', I fear for the future of this company.  My read is that it was certainly worth the low Amazon price, but the 'list' prices quoted are a ridiculous exageration.  It would be nice if Amazon attempted to list the country of origin for all its cookware.You should definitely buy the heavier, 5-Star rated stainless steel Cuisinart.  Priced the same, there really is no comparison.05/20/06:  Trust me.  The Cuisinart 12" Chef's Classic everyday pan with medium dome lid is the same price.  Buy that one and be very happy!
My kids are having a blast watching this machine spew out popcorns.  It's so fun and easy.  The machine works by blowing hot air.  In fact you do not have to put anything on the machine except the kernels.  Putting butter or salt will clog or destroy the machine.  Included is a measuring cup that doubles as a buttter melter.  Don't lose the measuring cup because you will need that to cover the top or the popcorn will shoot all over the place.  Also, it is required to get the chamber achieve high enough temperature to pop the kernels.  As a butter melter, I prefer the microwave as the cup will not melt the butter completely especially if your butter is refrigerated.  Also,  it is difficult to clean the cup with all the grease from the butter.It is not true that you will  have much less unpopped kernels compared to a mirowave popcorn.  The first few blasts will push out unpopped kernels that you will end up with as much unpopped kernels.With nothing on it, you will get the healthiest popcorn ever;  and at the same time,  you will also get the blandest and the most tasteless popcorn ever.  Anyway,  you will have complete control of how much salt and butter you put later later on.It won't give you that magnificent popcorn smell (or the hated burnt popcorn smell) that you get when cooking it on a microwave.  But at least you feel a bit safer if you are apprehensive of the never ending discussions about the safety of nuking your food.The weirdest thing about this machine is the absence of an on and off switch.  Be ready to experience some sparks when plugging and unplugging to the outlet.  There should definitely a switch built in into this machine.
This chewed up my Victorinox filet knife but I still plan to use this to sharpen my knives.
My skillet has a big rough unseasoned part in the center of it.  At first I thought this was just a part of the roughness of the surface, but it really differs completely from the rest of the surface, both in appearance and use.  This was quite a disappointment, especially as I remember my father and grandmother cooking with cast iron skillets.  I loved those pans and everything that came out of them.That red handle is amazing.
It is a good product, but it is too small for pie crusts and other things.  It has a weird feeling to the touch, but it does shed flour and stuff.  If you like the idea, my advice is to buy a  larger size; I wish I had.
I have owned this for a couple of years.  With three cats in house, the opportunities for cleaning up hairball aftermath abound.Pros:1.  The unit is lightweight and easy to manage2.  Spots will lift if they are recent3.  Suction is adequate to substantially remove the cleaning liquid from the carpet or upholstery4.  Cord length is adequate for the average size roomCons:1.  Not adequate to remove older or dried stains2.  Heated water would be more effective3.  Disassembly for cleaning is a little cumbersomeOverall, this unit is better than nothing.  However, I would recommend looking for a unit that heats the water internally.  I have found that function adds cleaning power to the larger upright cleaning units.
Okay, if you're reading many of the reviews, you know the suction on this is a bit low...it's true, but it's not super terrible.  It will pick up small things, though it does a better job of picking up things it can wrap around its brush for you to pick off later than it does things that it can suck into its little tank.Basically, I found it adequate.  As a handheld vacuum, you can do better, but the water tanks are a nice feature if you'd like to skip using Woolite and scrubbing by hand.The brushes do a good job of beating out the stain and are relatively easy to clean.The tank is easy to fill and the dirty water tank easy to empty.There is a safety circuit on the cord (like in most bathrooms) that will trip to avoid electric shock if you get it wet or have other issues.****WARNING: IF YOU HAVE A WEAK STOMACH, FEEL FREE TO SKIP THE REST OF THIS*****My biggest complaint was that I used it to clean cat puke.  Even though I'd scooped up, most of the mass, there were some bits and chunks left on the carpet.  I followed the directions and indeed, it cleaned up nicely with no stain after using the Spotlifter and all the "bits" were gone.  The carpet was quite wet after (see all the other reviews on low suction).Unfortunately, clean up was gross!  The brushes were full of grossness and I had to wash those by hand.  The dirty water tank wasn't a problem, at least.  But after removing those two things there are cylindrical tubes that run through the body and the suction lip up front, both of which had all sorts of unpleasantness.  I ended up just taking the whole thing to the sink and running water over it (unplugged of course) and had to use my fingers to wipe it out.  (And lest you say it's my fault and I'd have to do that for anything I used to clean up cat puke, I can tell you that's not true...with the Spotbot, you just suck water through it and it cleans itself.)I think I'd use this mostly like a handvac because I don't have one, but if I did I don't know if I'd have a strong use for this...I have the Bissel Spotbot as well, and frankly it is MUCH easier to use, easier to clean, and has better suction.  Plus, I think it does a better job with its various beaters and brushes than this does.  It also has a way to disconnect the hose and get into even smaller areas than this can, though it doesn't have the beater brushes that way.  I guess this might do better if you had a really difficult job in a small area.This isn't bad, but if you're really just looking for a handvac, get that.  If you want a deep cleaner, get that.  If you need a deep cleaner that takes up less space in your closet and works more like a hand vac, I suppose that's the niche for this.
I will start with the positives.  The brushes on this unit are awesome!  I have a cat who is old, and vomiting is one of her issues.  I discovered a dried, crusty spot today, and decided to give this a try.  The brushes scrubbed the carpet perfectly, and all of the spot was removed.  I love how the brush compartment slides out, so you can clean it afterwards.  The cord is very long, and the unit is light weight.  This unit is the easiest to clean of any carpet cleaner I have had so far.  I usually use theBISSELL Little Green Multi-Purpose Compact Deep Cleaner, 1400-7for this type of job, and it is somewhat hard to clean.  However, the Bissell Spotlifter comes apart so easily, and you can thoroughly clean each part.Okay---the negatives.  Just like other reviewers state, this thing doesn't suck up the water very well.  You are supposed to tilt it into the carpet to suck up the water, but not much comes up.  So this grosses me out a bit, as the dirty water you have just used is still sitting in the carpet.  Also, the clean water compartment is really hard to get off.  It says "gently push tabs in with fingers", but I had to hold the unit down a certain way, push the tabs hard, and force it off.So, after I used this unit, I pulled out my Bissell Little Green machine (which has awesome suction) and decided to see how much water was left in the carpet.  There was very little, if any in there.  So, does this machine not suck the water up, or does it not spray out as much as it appears?  This may be the question.  However, if this is the case, than it still isn't cleaning the carpet effectively.  The improvement that would make this unit absolutely perfect would be to make the suction slot wider and flush so that you don't have to tilt it to get it to suck the water up.  I believe that if it were made that way, the water would come more easily out of the carpet.  Also, the spray nozzle is located about 2 inches up from the suction slot on the front, as opposed to being closer to the carpet surface and on the back.  I don't believe this allows the water to get deep into the carpet, as it should.If I could have the scrubbing portion of this cleaner on the end of my Bissell Green machine, and it was as easy to clean as this unit, I would be one happy chick.  Or, if this unit had a better suction slot on it, THAT would be the ultimate cleaning machine.  I hope Bissell listens to their customers and makes the improvements.
I already have theBISSELL Spotbot Pet Handsfree Spot and Stain Cleaner with Deep Reach Technology, 33N8Awhich has been excellent at cleaning small stain areas, but I missed having a rotating brush-head on the hose.I was hopeful that this Spotlifter would help more with upholstery spot cleaning in addition to stairs because of the 'line' rotating brush-head. I felt that it did a decent job of working out the stains I put it to, BUT the suctioning back up of the dirty water was terrible. Half the tank was emptied in the cleaning process and MAYBE a quarter of that returned to the dirty tank.There are visual instructions on the unit showing how to tilt it to improve suction, but I found that wasn't the case.I don't like the idea that all that extra water is hanging out on my carpet or furniture.Overall, can only say it's o-k.
I don't own any pets, so I can't comment on how well it works on pet stains, but for a regular guy with occasional dirt/food stains on the carpet, this works OK. I used to use that spray can of Spot Remover - the kind you get at home depot, and paper towels - to remove stains.  This works a little better - don't know if it's worth having another thing lying around the house for very occasional use, but it's OK.The size is fine for what it does, and really it isn't too bad to store (I'm picky: I have tons of junk already and having another single-use item is a bit much for me).  The cord is really long - I own a ton of extension cords anyhow - and the cord on this isn't retractable - but well, it'd be much bulkier if it was, I guess.The trigger to get the cleaning solution is a pump-style, which is OK with me - I like being able to control the exact amount of solution, instead of having the cleaner decide & waste it all when I only need a little.  It also doesn't heat the cleaning solution or water - but I just use hot water to start.If you have a lot of small spills / spots to be cleaned, this will work well enough.  Me, not sold on it just yet: stay tuned!
This machine is certainly better than my previous model (theDirt Devil Spot Scrubber, a truly diabolical machine that tends to spit the dirty water right back out of the machine and destroy your carpet in the process.  I would't say this is a terrible cleaner, it works tolerably well but it has a few flaws that take it out of the really like to love range.  For one, the trigger seems to lack power and spring and was a pain to use.  Second, it didn't really spray evenly and well and it was difficult to truly saturate the stain I was working on.  As for suctioning, I didn't find this as terrible as other reviewers.  Maybe there is some variation in manufacturing or it depends on your type of carpet, but I got most of the water back out of the carpet (these are not heavy plush carpets so maybe a super strong suction isn't as important here).  It also really cleaned the stain well (which was small child vomit-yuck) and no traces of the stain remained.  The carpet actually looked quite a bit better after the cleaning, close to  how it looks after we get them professionally cleaned.
This device is a sort of niche product. It's intended for clean up of small spots or stains on your carpetPros:- Addresses occasional cleanup of small stains such as pet stains.- Easier to move around than a full size carpet machine.Cons:- A bit loud- You have to pump the trigger to release water and cleaning fluid.- Doesn't heat the cleaning water. You add hot water to the unit.- Can be hard to vacuum up all the liquid.- Since it is hand held, both water tanks are small.- Can be hard to completely empty the empty dirty water tank- Too heavy and tank capacity too small for extended use in a single session.If you want to clean stains bigger than 6-8 inches across, you may be happier with a stain remover pre-wash such asBISSELL Tough Stain Pre-treat for Carpet & Upholstery, 22 ozand a full size carpet cleaner.

Having owned several other Hoover Steamvacs over the years, this one is definitely NOT the same quality I had expected.  I don't like the front attachment to attach the hose- previous models this was not an issue.  I do not like the way the dirty water tank mounts and very frustrated with the metal pice not staying attached- the old style was simply lift and reset, no fumbling around requiring 2 hands to set the tank properly, all the while hoping the small metal bracket didnt move or the water hoses get crimped. BAD DESIGN FLAW that would have been super easy to design properly.On a positive note, the hose had good suction so it was very helpful when steam cleaning the carpets and seats in our SUVs.Basically, the designers need to use the equipment then they would more likely see their design flaws. I deducted 1 star for lack of the expected quality and I deducted a star for the two hand dirty water tank replacement- anyone with a hand or arm issue is going to struggle with this so this is less useful in our household.
Before I try this out on my carpets, I wanted to test it on tile floors and upholstery.Tile floors: The manual warns "CAUTION: Do not use this extractor on hard floors unless you havethe proper hard floor attachment.  Using this machine on hard floors without proper attachment may scratch or damage your floor."  This might be true for wood floors, but I've had no problems using it on my kitchen tile floor.  Even though I recently cleaned my floor with aScooba(which also has a clean solution tank and a dirty solution tank), the SteamVac picked up dirty grey solution from my supposedly clean floor.While the manual recommends holding the trigger and pushing the cleaner forward then back to apply solution, then releasing the trigger and pushing forward and back once to vacuum the solution up, on the tile floor I discovered that it takes three forward/back passes to pick up most of the water on the tile surface, and another to get most of the water off the grout.  I'm going to guess that one forward/back motion will not be enough to get most of the water out of carpet.Upholstery: I tested the hand tools on well-used fabric-covered office chairs.  As I wrestled with the hand tools, I realized that this would be a job more easily done with a spray bottle, a scrub brush, and a wet/dry shop vac.  I used the hand tool with the brush to spray solution.  The solution sprays in a thin wide pattern.  This is great for large flat areas, like the back of the office chairs, but for narrow or curved areas I got overspray everywhere.  (On the bright side, I now know that the cleaning solution won't damage my carpet, other furniture, or clothing.)The brush tool is large and awkward to fit into tight spaces.  The vacuum only tool is easier to get into the curved and tight areas in an office chair, but of course the whole 4-inch plus vacuum area has to be in contact with the upholstery or it won't pick up solution.  Both tools worked well on the back of the chair, which is pretty clean, but were difficult to use on places like the top edge of the chair, which gets handled all the time and is quite dirty.  A simple narrow pointed attachment (like this one, WHICH DOES NOT FIT THIS VAC), would be perfect for rounded or tight places.  The hose also doesn't handle twisting well, and it takes some effort to twist the tool into position so it is flat on the surface.  It's no problem for me, but someone with arthritis or other hand or wrist problems might have trouble with it.I'll be testing this on carpet soon, and I'll update this review then.
I bought this cleaner to replace a slightly higher-end Bissell model that broke down.  The Bissell motor burned out after about 7 years of use, ultimately from foam, dirt, and mold getting into parts where it shouldn't.  While working, the Bissell cleaned much better and more quickly than this Hoover does.  However, I am still pleased with this model for the price.- It will clean well enough provided you use hot tap water in the tank and go SLOWLY.  As you push forward it is delivering solution and the brushes are working it into the carpet.  Pause at the end and then SLOWLY pull it back and it will pull the solution and dirt back up.- The solution and clean water are mixed at the get-go.  Some models deliver these separately, allowing you increase the solution to water ratio for tough stains.  The Hoover's "Clean Surge" really doesn't do anything but deliver the mixed solution faster.- When you are done, make sure you thoroughly rinse out both tanks and set them out to dry.  Do not reassemble and store before all components are dry, especially the dirty water tank, as that's what causes mold to grow.- After every use clean off the brushes underneath.  Use your fingers to pull out clumps of hair and dirt.  Also do this IMMEDIATELY if while in use the brush spin indicator ever stops.  You need the brushes working at peak performance for the carpets to get clean.- The motor on this Hoover sits under the dirty water tank, so address all leaks and splashes pronto to avoid dirt and water getting into the electrical parts.- It has cleaned fresh spills up wonderfully, and with multiple passes has cleaned up dried set-in dirt, dog, and food stains.  It did not clean up dried latex paint drops (the Bissell was able to handle these)Though overall I am happy with its performance, if I buy another steam cleaner down, I'll probably try another brand.
I used a Brita pitcher for years in Tokyo. It was an older model with a hinged flap over the spout and it was boxier than this one and had a somewhat larger capacity. When I returned to the U.S., I needed to replace it and picked this slim version because it fits more efficiently in the refrigerator door.On the plus side, it makes the atrocious water that we get at our apartment palatable. It also does have a stylish design and is reasonably compact. Water also seems to pass through the top into the chamber more quickly than in my older model. Also, mold or dust tended to accumulate around the little hinged flap on my old pitcher and I'd have to scrub it with a toothbrush to get the tiny crevices clean. Not having that little hinged part makes this model easier to clean (and I'm not sure that little plastic flap was serving much of a purpose).On the not so bright side, I think the filters have changed. The water where I'm at may be so bad that the filtering can only do so much, but the water doesn't taste as good as it did before through my old pitcher (or perhaps the Brita filters for the Japanese market are better). As others have noted, many more little black bits seem to leak out of the filters now than in previous models. With my old one, I only saw a few of these little bits of carbon and only during the first few days of use. They seem to be leaking out consistently now. I wonder if this is a way of ensuring that the filter becomes increasing ineffective so people will be sure to replace them more often (planned obsolescence).The main problem isn't the black bits, but that they do seem to get poured out sometimes into your water glass when you're reaching water at the end of the pitcher. You either have to make sure you top off the water so that you're not angling the pitcher too much or take the pitcher apart and empty them out fairly regularly. I know that I didn't have to do this before, so this is a design change.This pitcher is cheap, small, and does filter water well enough, but I think the overall product design could and should be better. I can say this because it used to be better. Brita is doing its customers a disservice by downgrading the quality of the product. There is absolutely no reason why the filters should be leaking carbon granules like they do now.
My first experience with Corelle was excellent. The set was perfect in every way...attractive, perfectly shaped and durable. This set a very high benchmark, so when I ordered another set to expland the number of place settings, I was disappointed. The set arrived with broken mugs (stoneware, not vitrelle).I returned this set and asked for a replacement. The next set arrived with everything intact. Though the mugs are heavier and fragile, they are attractive and hold a large volume of hot beverage.The dinner plates are no longer uniform in shape. This becomes most apparent when you stack them on top of the older Corelle plates. The old ones stacked nicely, while the new ones are warped.They just don't make them like they used to.
I keep buying tongs - so much that you would think I have some sort of addiction to purchasing them.  But what I'm really looking for is a pair that does not rust at the hinge.I thought these would do it, but nope, there was mild rusting at the hinge after the first trip through the dishwasher.Other than that they're nice - maybe a bit long for my taste.  I would buy shorter ones next time.
I own a total of five Pyrex glass measuring cups, and I love them. I don't like using plastic because it can stain and retain odors. The other plus with the glass is you can put it in the fridge and microwave it, and you don't have to worry about pouring boiling liquids into it as long as the glass is at room temperature. The lines are clearly marked and the measurements easy to see, and it's nice that it's in both U.S. and metric measurements as I use recipes that call for both systems.My biggest gripe about these, though, is that the markings wear off over time. It would be far better if they were etched into the glass instead of printed on it. Even when washing them in the top rack of the dishwasher, it doesn't take long for the wear to become evident, and the only reason I've had to replace older ones is because the markings have worn off. Otherwise, these things tend to wear like iron. I'm not fond of the idea of having to replace them so frequently. Even though I can recycle the glass, I'd be a lot happier with the product if Pyrex found some way to make the markings last longer.
It's a good size, measurements are clearly marked, but as other reviews indicate - this ain't your Mother's pyrex!  Dropped a couple of feet on to a hardwood floor and it shattered into a zillion pieces.  Original Pyrex was much stronger.  It's fine otherwise. So, OK, but not great.
Like other reviewers, I'm not too pleased that this is an oversized one-cup.  It could have easily been marked for at least another half cup.  I did get a decent price for it through an Amazon vendor, $3.99 plus free shipping from, of all places, J&R Music and Computer World, which is about all I would pay for this.  My last one, exactly like this one, chipped on the edge with less than two years' use.  This could have happened in one of two ways.  I was either careless in stacking it in the dishwasher, or stacking it inside the two-cup measure, which also chipped in less than two years.  I have used Pyrex for years and never had this problem.  In any case, my advice is not to stack this cup and to watch how you place it in the dishwasher.
I love the size and durability of this cup, and I'd buy it again, but I am very disappointed in the design of the spout. No matter what you do, you cannot get liquid like water to pour out of the cup smoothly. It is an impossibility, and quite unnecessary. I have a 2-cup Pyrex that is a number of years old. The spout on that cup is crisper and never creates spills. Not sure why they changed the design, but it fails.
My other peeler is a Cutco swivel peeler that cost 4 times as much.
A few years ago, I started grinding my own wheat with a Nutrimill (it's great!) and I bought this bread maker for $200 upon many recommendations that it can handle dough made with fresh ground whole wheat.  It can indeed make it into dough, but it does a horrible job baking it.  So, basically, I spent $200 for a mixer--not a bread baker.  It made me very sad, because the Zojirushi is touted as the best one for the job.  I wish I had just bought the Bosch Mixer at the time instead.For white bread it does a great job, but unfortunately, that isn't what I bought it for!Post Script, Nov. 2010... after having my machine for 3 years, I found the recipe for the zojirushi bread maker that is mentioned in the comment below.  It does work, but I'm still in the process of tweaking it.  That's the one thing I would still say about using this machine with whole wheat--it definitely takes some fiddling!  The homemade cycle, not the whole wheat cycle, is really the one you have to use for baking whole wheat bread with this bread machine.  I haven't had the time or energy before to fiddle with it but I finally realized I needed to figure this machine out and find a recipe that works.
The beeper on this timer is not very loud. I can hear it in my small apartment, but not in my large office. I have a different timer there that is extremely loud, and is of the same size and general cheapness of this one.The magnet is plenty powerful. It sticks to my fridge just fine. Because the display is so huge, I can easily see the numbers from across the room.Neat feature: if you just press "start" without any time on the timer, it works as a stopwatch.Neater feature: it uses a AAA battery, and not one of those benighted circle batteries that cost as much as a year's worth of college and are a pain in the butt to put in. Ugh.Minor annoyance: the sticker that protects the display has printing on it, so you /have/ to take it off. Said sticker is on the display fairly tightly.
I needed a large timer that either counted down or up to 15 minutes.  This does the job, but with a few caveats:1) It's not that big.  Well, it's big but I needed it for a small crowd to see around a display.  "Extra Large" to me means something nearing the size of a piece of paper.  This thing is just over 3 inches wide.2) It beeps when you press the buttons.  Always.  Doesn't turn off.  I also need to use this QUIETLY in an area with people working nearby so the beeps are distracting.3) I could have sworn that the description said this had a "clip" on the back, but it doesn't.  It has a little swivel stand, a magnet, and a loop to hook thread through or hang on a hook.  I need a clip so that it will clip onto a board.---It at least will count down or up from whatever you set it at.  But I wouldn't buy this one again.
Great portability and low cost. For 10 bucks these work OK. They work perfect for fruit and veggies. They do have a curling problem and slide around when cutting large things such as chicken or roasts. They are also a little small. If you carve whole chickens into pieces you will not like these very much. I'll stick to my large, heavy wood board for large items.They do work great for camping. I'd get them again for that reason alone. Space in a camping box is always a premium and these fit the bill!
* Below review has been given by my wife *I got the set of 5 cutting Boards from Amazon. I found the cutting board very thin and flimsy. But they are long enough to cut vegetables and fruits.
The kettle has several features that make is handy for traveling (110 only) and everyday use.1) The cord detaches from the kettle making pouring easier.2) A removable plastic mesh screen helps prevent hard water scum going from kettle to cup. (make sure to rinse the screen out after use)3) 2 boil functions: auto-off and continuous boil (lid snapped shut & lid open)4) Clear pane on both sides of pot enable viewing of water level from both sides of pot.5) Switch pulls up instead of pushes down to help eliminate accidental-ons.Cons/Safety issues1) Lid *must* be snapped shut to enable auto-off function otherwise kettle will be in continuous boil function and could be a safety hazard.2) Underside of pot gets slightly hot to touch after boiling & hotter still after successive boilings.3) A strong plastic smell when new. A very faint plastic taste in the water that is not noticable when making teas or coffees. The steam still has a faint plastic smell.4) Open coil - extra care/maintenance needed if water is very hard or excessive water softener is added.5) Pitcher-shape excellent for boiling and pouring water for cofee/tea/hot chocolate but not for cooking noodles. (The Pitcher narrows at the bottom forming a 'well" where the open heating coil is). Noodles and other solids can get stuck/burn easily and is difficult to clean in the tight space.I would reccomend this as an inexpensive travel kettle (110 only) for beverages only.  Because of the open heating coils, it is not suitable for heating soups/noodles.
I bought this to give to someone who is having trouble remembering to turn the stove off.  I'm not sure what to do, since the pitch was not going to be "You don't have to worry about forgetting the stove," but "It's so much quicker than the stove!"  The problem: it isn't.It took seven minutes to boil a quart of water (the max fill line,) and two and a half for the minimum amount of water.  (My stove was a minute slower.)  Worse, she often makes tea for several people, so she could be using this two or three times to heat enough water for everyone--I don't see her waiting 14 to 21 minutes to make the last cup of tea.Other reviewers said their kettle gave the water a plastic flavor, but even the first batch of water from this had no off flavor at all.  Looks like Proctor Silex has resolved that problem.It's got a slender form factor, so it doesn't take up too much space on the counter, and the cord can be removed from the kettle, which is handy.  The lid can be a bit difficult to open, but you can pour hot water through it, so you only need to open it to fill it or let it dry when you're done with it.  If you don't mind waiting, this is a good kettle.  Unfortunately I need something quicker.
Note:  Originally after 2 years of use I had rated this 4 stars but am instead dropping my review to 3 stars.  Despite always carefully hand washing it and using it pretty infrequently it eventually rendered itself useless when the coolant leaked all over my freezer.  Quite a disappointing outcome.  I'm keeping my review as is since I think it still reflects the experience after 2 years of use, but know that having kept it for longer it's lifespan was eventually more like 4 years.I have had this attachment for over two years now and am quite pleased.  I recieved my kitchenaid mixer as a gift 4 years ago and it fits the mixer perfectly.  Overall I have had great experiences with this mixer and have enjoyed making homemade ice cream.  It is worth noting, however, that regardless of what ice cream maker you use it is a process that requires time (although most of it is NOT active) and can be more costly than simply buying a quart of ice cream, especially when using vanilla beans.  This is certainly not an experience that is unique to this mixer attachment, but is still worth noting.PROS:- As a woman with a small kitchen and far too many appliances, this attachment is a dream.  When I'm not using it it lives 24/7 in my freezer so I'm always ready at a moment's notice to make ice cream and I don't waste any counterspace.-The size is perfect for every batch I have made.  When I first got it I worried if it would be too big or too small, but it has proven just right.  It works equally well when I am making a small batch of ice cream as well as when I am making a larger one.  Either way I find it doesn't effect the performance.-It yields ice cream with a great creamy texture.  Overall I've been able to get luscious, creamy ice cream that is close to anything I have bought in the store.  However, I have found that I get the best results when making full fat ice cream.  Understandably, when I make low fat ice creams the ice cream maker is really not equipped to give them a texture like Edy's Slow Churned.  The texture comes out much more like a Weight Watchers Sundae Cup.  However, I'm not convinced that another ice cream machine, save a professional grade one, could do a better job.-It's durable.  As I mentioned above, I'm going on almost 2 years with this product and haven't had any issues with it leaking or enduring any other issues.  I simply wash it by hand as the instructions say and have had a great experience.CONS:-I really love this product so the only con I've seen is that it can be quite sensitive to room temperature.  I find that if the temperature in my home is any higher than about 72 degrees I get a thinner product than I do when it's 72 or below with the same amount of churning.  If you've had the product going for 25 minutes or more and it's still not up to a soft serve consistency there is a good chance that either the room or the ice cream base itself is too warm and you're better off pouring out the base and refrigerating it while you freeze the base and try again.  However, if you make sure to keep your home at a reasonable temperature and chill the base well before churning you won't have any issues.I know past reviewers have also mentioned that the recipe booklet was lame.  I've found this with almost kitchen gadget I've ever purchased so I wasn't really expecting to find great recipes there.  However, I have had great luck withPerfect Scoop: Ice Creams, Sorbets, Granitas, and Sweet Accompaniments.  It has an awesome mix of both unusual flavors and more traditional combinations.A Passion for Ice Cream: 95 Recipes for Fabulous Dessertsis also good but I find that many of the recipes are for garnishes and accompaniments and not necessarily the ice cream itself.This product may not be perfect.  However, for someone who doesn't have a lot of space and still wants to turn out great homemade tasting ice cream it does a pretty good job.
My wife and I bought this for my Mom, as we have one ourselves.  We followed all the instructions exactly, but things did not work out so well, for a couple of reasons.  First, the bowl was not snapped down into the proper position until probably 2/3 of the way through mixing.  We did not realize this, and the instructions did not emphasize the importance of the bowl being properly snapped into position.  Second, we added thawed frozen strawberries in the last few minutes of mixing.  The ice cream went from nearly solid to soupy almost instantly, and it never hardened again, even after many minutes of additional mixing.  What a disappointment for the first trial run at Mom's house!  I do think this is a good product, but there is a lot you have to learn by trial and error.  My wife and I have made some killer ice cream with ours that would rival Ben & Jerry's.  Good luck if you buy!
I already own a 5 Qt mixer from the "Artisan Series" but decided to upgrade to this model so that I could make larger batches of pizza dough.  For my recipe, a single batch is 2 cups of bread flour.  I tried making a double batch (4 cups) in my new Pro 600, but after about 15 min. of kneading, the motor just turned off.  I thought I had burned it out, but after consulting the instruction manual, it seems this is normal.  Normal?!  Yes, that's what it said--all I needed to do was wait for the motor to cool off (it's also "normal" for it to get so hot it is uncomfortable to touch) for 30 min. and then try again.  I find it hard to believe that this mixer could make bread with 14 cups of AP flour, as the box says.  Having said that, here are my thoughts on this mixer vs. the "Artisan Series" mixer I already own:1.  The motor consumes over 50% more electricity (and is certainly more noisy) in the pro 600, but how much of that is being converted to extra torque, I'm not really sure.  What I do know is that I can only do a single batch of bread at a time in either mixer.2.  As has been mentioned in other reviews, the Artisan mixer came with a "coated" paddle and dough hook, whereas the pro 600 has "Brandished steel".  This means the Artisan's implements are dishwasher safe but the pro 600's are not.  I had assumed those bright, shiny implements that I saw in the store display were stainless steel, but I guess not.>>UPDATE>>3.  My Pro 600 model suffered the broken gear fate that other reviewers have spoken of.  I was able to order the parts to fix it myself which was pretty inexpensive and not too terribly difficult, but I'd like to point out that my Artisan has never broken.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;On the plus side...3.  I love the new spiral dough hook--it is much better than the C shaped one in my Artisan4.  The soft start feature is a nice touch.  Then again, it would be even nicer if there was a speed lower than the lowest one provided.5.  The larger bowl is nice6.  There is more of a difference between speeds 7-10 than the ArtisanThings I'd like to see changed in the next iteration:--A gear box.  I have a cordless drill that has a high and low gear.  As could be expected, low is for more power, high is for more speed.  Why don't these mixers use a simple gear selector like that?  This would be a HUGE improvement--it would not only provide more power, but the lower speed I would like, as mentioned in point 4.>>UPDATE>>Someone commented that you can get this on units that are well over $1000.  My cordless drill was about $100 total so I don't see why this feature should add any more than $100 or so to implement.  Just sayin'...&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;--Stainless steel implements as mentioned in point #2>>UPDATE>>--A clutch.  The same drill has a clutch built into it.  The purpose of the clutch in the drill is to prevent you from screwing things in too tight.  On this mixer, the clutch would prevent this silly problem of the gears stripping when the load is too high.  Again, the whole drill is $100 so this should not add much extra cost.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;CONCLUSION:A very nice mixer, but so is my "Artisan".  If you are going to buy a new mixer (and don't have an unlimited supply of money to throw at it), I wouldn't recommend the Pro 600--get one from the Artisan series instead--it is much cheaper and does just about as good a job.  There are small advantages to the Pro 600, but even all together, I don't think they are worth the added price.  If you DO get the 600, be sure the serial number starts with a number higher than "14", as Lynnster points out.
My one piece of advice is DO NOT BUY REFURBISHED - With refurb you only get a 90 day warranty - with new items you get the "1 year hassle free replacement" - definitely worth the extra cost - at least it has been for us.Our first Pro-600 purchased in Jan 2008 broke the gears after 9 months.  We were making a single 6 lbs bread batch and a 1-1/2 lb pizza dough batch each week (plus misc things like Zucchini bread, etc).  On Kitchenaid's advice we cut the size of our bread batches to 4 lbs maximum.  The second one broke after 10 months.The folks at Kitchenaid were very nice and helpful - they sent out a replacement super fast both times - truly hassle free.  What I'm afraid of is that this third one will break after 13 months at which point it will cost us a lot to get it repaired.Kitchenaid told us to use no more than 8 cups of bread flour at a time which is why we cut our batches from 6 to 4 lbs maximum.  Rather disappointing as it is advertised as "14 cup flour power" and says you can make a 8 lb batch of bread dough.  There is a warning in the owners manual on whole wheat flour, but NOTHING on bread flour.  Although this makes sense because of the extra gluten in bread flour, it makes me think their "14 cup flour power / 8 lb bread dough" claim borders on dishonest.Although it clearly doesn't handle bread doughs as well as it should, we're not keen on trading this in for a Bosch, Viking, etc. due to parts and service availability, etc.  We just hope we got unlucky twice and this one will survive.It's otherwise a great machine - fit and finish are very nice (Nickel Pearl is just beautiful), easy to use, etc.  We even sewed a custom cover to keep it clean, though it's not covered very often as it's used 3 times a week on average...Also - GREAT recipe book.
I bought this Wilton tiered cake rack set because I never seem to have enough room on my cake racks.I like how the legs lift the racks off the counter.  There's enough height for air to circulate beneath the cakes to cool them.  It's a lot higher than my other cake racks, which I love.  Those legs can be folded down for storage.  In the flattened position, the cake rack is about as high as my regular cake racks.The Wilton racks can be set on the counter individually or stacked into tiers.  My only problem with that is the legs are not completely even.  It's like balancing a table when not all the legs are the same height.  When there's a heavy cake, it's no problem, because the cake weights down the legs and then they seat well.  When the bakery items are cookies, the tier is a little more wobbly.  I actually prefer not to stack them because of this.
Personally, a knife is all about feel for me. With a plastic handle and thin spine, it was obvious this one would be light - too light, in fact, for me. The blade flexes a little, but I assume that would not be a problem for anyone. The one thing that impressed was the texture of the handle, which is superior to a smooth plastic/composite or polished wood surface for keeping a grip if the going gets greasy.While sharpening the blade with a honing steel, I noticed several rough spots on the edge after a short time of use, though a smooth edge did return after a few strokes on the steel.
I like the size of this dutch oven, but it is very heavy, like 13 pounds, so it's not easy to handle if you have smaller hands, or when you need to lift the lid while something is cooking, it's kind of awkward.  Even on a lower heat the condensation or whatever it is dripped down the side of the pot, even with the lid on.  Then I did choose to use some mild dish detergent and hot water to clean the pot, but when I went to dry it, even tho the pot looked clean it left residue on my clean dish towel.  In the future I will dry it with paper towels.  I did re-season the pot with vegetable oil, only on the inside.  Nothing did stick really, so it was very easy to clean.  I can see how this dutch oven will last a very, very long time, but cast iron, not my favorite, mainly due to how heavy it is.  I used this dutch oven to make homemade soup, filling it up half way, so it is the perfect size for soup, or whatever else Iam sure you would want to use this for.  I bought this because I have a HUGE I guess it's like a 10QT stock pot, so I wanted something smaller.  I do love this 5 QT size, tho I did think it would be easier to handle, not quite as heavy as it is.
This is a great little single serving blender that gets the job done. It's powerful for its size, and despite some negative reviews, will chop ice just fine. However, it has an awful, and by awful I mean really, really poorly designed, lid. The lid in Amazon's image is NOT what comes in the box; instead it comes with a 'travel' lid that is designed like a coffee travel mug lid (the kind that opens and closes by pushing to the side). I've uploaded an updated image that shows this lid.The issue with the lid is that it does not seal properly. Not even close. It leaks when blending and basically makes a mess unless you are blending less than a cup of stuff. This is such a critical problem that even with a powerful motor and otherwise straightforward design, I have to ding the blender 2 stars. Blenders that make messes because of leaky lids don't deserve more than an average rating.As a side not, I've tried to locate another lid (the original 'standard' lid) and cannot find one on Amazon or even on the Hamilton Beach web page. With a properly fitting, non leaking lid, the blender would warrant 4-5 stars.
This handheld probably has the most powerful suction of any handheld vac i've ever used. It pulls dust and dirt out of carpets that i thought were clean. It's impressive.Unfortunately, all that suction is wrapped up in a bunch of problems. They range from trivial to really quite annoying.First and foremost, the filter clogs up incredibly easily. All that dust it picks up so well coats the filter and suddenly the vacuum has barely any suction power at all. It's also really hard to get dust out of the filter to get back to that gold standard.Next is this little problem where if i put the switch into position to activate the brushes, nothing happens. If i slide it back a fraction of an inch, the brushes start turning, but it always wants to pop back to the position marked on the case.Third, the clip to hold the cord in place for storage doesn't work. No matter how i wedge it in, it pops loose at the slightest touch, leaving me with a heap of cord to just shove in the closet because i already wound it up three times and i'm tired of it.There are a few problems that aren't really problems, too. For example, it's loud. I'm not sure it's really possible to have a powerful vacuum cleaner without some noise. Also, yes, the exhaust vent is in the back, so if for some reason you can't figure out how to vacuum a spill by starting at one edge and moving forward, you may need a canister vac instead.If you need really powerful suction for really short periods in confined spaces, and don't mind spending a lot of time whacking the filter against the side of a garbage can to try to knock dust loose, this vacuum will work well. For quick jobs like a cereal spill in the back seat of a car, it's great. But if you want a vacuum that doesn't require jiggling to get the brushes to work, look elsewhere.
i was fortunate enough to receive this courtesy of the Amazon Vine program however, due to a technical glitch, didn't know if the order would actually process or not. After ordering, I read the extensive number of negative reviews which seem to take place over time. Since I'm not able to provide anything other than an initial review based upon a couple of weeks worth of use, I'm giving this a neutral rating based upon price to perceived usage.Now, having said that, out of the box this is the king of all slow cookers! The first thing you will notice is the size; it's large but also heavy...substantially more weighty than a 7 qt Frigidaire which I also own. Handles and all materials feel very sturdy and substantial but be aware of the weight because when full, this can be difficult to move/deal with.The feet are very secure as are the handles and other measures. REALLY like the automatic shut-off which turns the unit off when the pot is lifted from the unit (nice touch!). Auto programming and other features are easy to use and intuitive although you will want to keep the manual handy for the first few times.High gloss stainless DOES tend to show fingerprints...a bit of a negative...but is also very attractive. All in all, this is like a luxury liner of slow cookers albeit, with serious worries regarding long term usage.
I&#8217;ve been using slow cookers much more often lately. I like that they use a bit less energy and for dishes that take several hours, like pot roasts and briskets, they leave the oven available for side dishes. I have been very impressed with the programmable features of the modern slow cookers and can&#8217;t imagine using a slow cooker without that feature.The All-Clad 99009 Polished Stainless Steel 6.5-Quart Slow Cooker with Black Ceramic Insert with 26 Hour Max Cycle Time Kitchen Electrics, Silver definitely has the programmable feature &#8211; at least for timed cooking. You can set either the low, high, or warm settings for anywhere between two hours and twenty hours. Once the cooker has reached the end of the programmed cook time, it changes to the warm setting automatically, and can stay on warm for up to six hours.I made a 3.8 pound barbecue brisket in this slow cooker and it turned out very well. I normally put my brisket in a cooking bag and cook it at 300 degrees in the oven for 3-4 hours. This was the first time I used a slow cooker for the brisket. I skipped the cooking bag, and just put all of my ingredients in the slow cooker, then set it to low for ten hours, keeping it going during both my work day and my commute. When I arrived home that evening, the brisket was so tender and tasty I couldn&#8217;t wait for dinner. Soon after I arrived home, the ten hour program I&#8217;d set ran out, and the slow cooker switched to the warming mode automatically.I&#8217;ve been trying very hard to determine what makes this slow cooker worth a list price of approximately $180, and I have yet to find an answer. Yes, it cooks very well, but it is no better than my $40 and $60 slow cookers. In fact, my lesser priced slow cookers have more features than the All Clad model does. While the All-Clad 99009 model is a half quart larger than my other models, it doesn&#8217;t have an insert in the lid to allow for a thermometer to be used while keeping the cooker covered. One of the primary rules in slow cooking is to not remove the lid unless absolutely necessary, because it loses so much of its heat that it adds another half hour or so to the cooking time every time you remove the lid. Also, my Hamilton Beach slow cooker comes with a thermometer that plugs into the base unit so you can actually program it to cook until the meat reaches a certain temperature &#8211; another feature the All-Clad cooker doesn&#8217;t have. Even the warranty isn&#8217;t extraordinary &#8211; they offer a 2-year warranty that is no different than the other brands.For $180, I expect more from a slow cooker than just being able to program the time. The 99009 is a good cooker that has what I consider only basic features for a modern slow cooker, but no extras: removable stoneware and programmable time. If you really prefer the All-Clad brand name, you might be willing to spend this much on a slow cooker, but most of us will find the lesser priced brands to be as good, if not better.
You can read about the various quality control issues here on Amazon, and it is no wonder that only a one year warranty is offered.  In other words, you get the sense that All-Clad was aware of the problem from day one.  A one year warranty is commonly offered for slow cookers that are 1/3 the price.The features on this unit won't impress you compared to lower priced units.  Namely missing is a temperature probe/detector so that you could program based on temperature and time.  The programming is also limited in function -- especially that it greatly restricts the minimum time you can set.  On a positive note, the interface is simple and the 'stay warm' feature is a nice option.I wish the outside finish was a brushed stainless steel instead of a reflective metallic that is more prone to showing smudges.  It looks beautiful, but probably not very practical.Ceramic is easier to clean, and from what I understand, safer than some of the non-stick coatings.  But it can be heavier, so this guy isn't as easy to take with you to a pot luck for example.  In the end, I recommend that All-Clad go back to the drawing board and learn from their mistakes here.
I am fairly new to the world of slow cooking; I purchased my first-ever slow cooker, aHamilton Beach Stovetop Slow Cooker - Black/silver (6 Quart), about a year ago and have been slow cooking several times a week ever since (I have several slow cooker cookbooks that I rely on constantly, includingThe Italian Slow Cooker,The Mediterranean Slow Cooker, andSlow Cooker Revolution Volume 2). I use my slow cooker regularly to make all manner of desserts (cakes, cheesecakes, bread puddings), soups, and entrees.  This All-Clad slow cooker was the first All-Clad appliance that I have used (I also own several made-in-the-USA All-Clad pans that I use regularly and swear by).First and foremost, I am not thrilled that it is made in China. It's obvious that the quality control isn't up to the same standards as their US-made cookware; the heavy ceramic insert has numerous tiny bubbles / holes, is rough on the bottom where the insert is not glazed, and the lid does not fit the insert snugly (nor is there a latch / locking mechanism or hole for a thermometer/temperature probe). The unit LOOKS impressive on the counter, although it is absolutely massive (it weighs close to 20 pounds with the insert in).On to setting the cooking mode and time: you are limited to 2-8(?) hours on high or 4-20 hours on low, at which point the slow cooker will automatically switch to warm mode. This is first unit I've had with a programmable timer, but I did like the solid feel of the buttons. The cooking time limits seemed kind of arbitrary; it seemed strange that I could only program the unit on high for a maximum of eight hours, but up to 20 hours on low.I used the All-Clad slow cooker to make several dishes, including a Greek shrimp and tomato dish. I went according to the time in the recipe so as not to keep removing the lid (it recommended cooking the shrimp 10 minutes on high; they were VERY overcooked, whereas in my Hamilton Beach, I had to cook them for a few extra minutes).Naturally, I was apprehensive after reading the hundreds of one-star reviews about the ceramic insert cracking and breaking, or the electronics would suddenly stop working. I have not experienced either of these yet, but I was very careful to hand-wash the insert (even though the manual claims that both the insert and lid are dishwasher-safe, I'm not chancing it). During cooking on high, I did notice several very loud popping sounds coming from the insert that were audible from two rooms away; I was sure that the insert would be cracked, but could find no hairline cracks after washing and drying the insert (I waited until the insert was completely cool before washing). I have a feeling based on so many others' experiences that the insert will be the first thing to fail; luckily there is a one-year warranty, which I registered for immediately, and I plan to continue using this as my primary slow cooker.Bottom line: it does what a slow cooker is supposed to do, but for this price, I expect a solid, flawless appliance that will stand up to several years of frequent use/abuse, an insert that does not crack, and responsive customer service.The good:+ I liked that there is a rubber seal / gasket that the ceramic insert rests on; as it is so heavy, it makes moving the slow cooker (and removing the insert) much more manageable.+ It does come with a (small) collection of starter recipes, including Asian Beef Stew, Mahogany Glazed Pork Loin, Peach Melba Bread Pudding, Chicken with Mushrooms in White Wine Sauce, and Tunisian Spiced Turkey Breas with Root Vegetables.The bad:- Even on low, the temperature seems to run hot- Finishing on the ceramic insert; small imperfections in the ceramic insert that can lead to cracking- If/when the insert cracks (and it seems to happen quite frequently based on reviews), expect to spend a good $75 on a replacement if your unit is no longer under warranty
All-Clad has grown a reputation in the kitchen industry as being the ultimate cookware. I own one All-Clad frying pan, which was incredibly expensive, but is definitely the best frying pan I've ever used. I thought maybe their reputation for quality would extend to this new slow cooker, so I was excited to try it out. The exterior of it definitely is in line with All-Clad's other products. It is very durable and the stainless steel exterior looks very impressive on a counter. The side and top handles are also high quality, and match All-Clad's baking line. The front display is a bright digital readout. While the outward appearance looks great, the actual operation of the slow cooker was not as exciting. I really like the programmable timer on the front, since I am not always able to return home within the 8-10 hours most recipes call for, however the buttons on the front are too small, and I don't like the actual operation of the programming. I've used several other programmable slow cookers which were much simpler. Secondly, although this is the biggest slow cooker I've used, it is clearly not meant for travel, as there is no feature to secure the lid. I feel like all slow cookers should have this as an option, since these types of meals are usually perfect for sharing. In this case, I think the All-Clad name does not live up to the actual product, and there are better options out there for much cheaper.
I really wanted to love this All-Clad slow cooker.  It is a beautiful appliance, and the polished stainless steel is very attractive.  I've had it sitting on my kitchen counter for almost 2 months, and everyone that comes into my kitchen makes a positive comment about it.Unfortunately, looks aren't everything.  After reading the many negative reviews here about the crock, I inspected mine very well.  It isn't cracked, but the finish is rippled in places, and there are several rough spots on it.  For this price point, I expect better quality control.Over the last couple of months, I've used this slow cooker about 15 times, using tried and true recipes that I've made many times before in my other slow cooker.  Depending on what I've been cooking, the meal has frequently tasted dry or overcooked.  A few days ago, I decided to do a simple test.  I got out my old slow cooker, aHamilton Beach 33967A Set 'n Forget Programmable Slow Cooker, 6-Quart.  When I purchased it from Amazon back in 2009, I paid $39.99 for it.  So, a fraction of the cost of this All-Clad slow cooker.Anyway, I prepped a double batch of a tried and true recipe that I have made at least 30 times in the past.  I used both my new All-Clad slow cooker, and my old Hamilton Beach slow cooker.  I put the exact amount of ingredients in each, and set them both for the same amount of time on the low setting.  After the timers went off, I came back to test the results.  The chicken that had cooked in the Hamilton Beach slow cooker was tender and juicy, like always.  The chicken in the All-Clad slow cooker was overcooked and dry.  I do not own a kitchen thermometer, but it is obvious to me that the All-Clad cooks at a higher temperature.  For me, that is NOT an benefit to an appliance that is supposed to cook food slowly while I'm at work during the day.I'm still using the All-Clad slow cooker, simply because it is so darned pretty.  I enjoy the look of it sitting on my kitchen counter.  Call me shallow if you must.  :)  But, I've had to start experimenting with the cook time on my tried and true recipes, and figuring out how much to reduce it by.  I received this appliance at no charge through the Amazon Vine review program, but if I had spent my own hard-earned cash on it, I would have probably it returned for a refund since it performs worse than my old $40 slow cooker.  As it is though, I own it now, so I'll make the best of it.
The All-Clad slow cooker offers a variety of settings via a digital control panel, including temp settings and a timer. The large size and beautiful exterior offers an appealing alternative to the older crock-pots most of us are familiar with. It really is a gorgeous appliance and I can see why anyone would want to purchase it for themselves or as a gift. However, it might not be a worth-while investment. The ceramic liner isn't well made, and the cooking temperatures seem to be inconsistent with some units.I was initially impressed with the beautiful exterior of my slow cooker. The mirror finish and sleek design is perfect. I inspected the ceramic liner and found it to be crack free, but the bottom was rough and had chips around the unglazed edges. The lip where the glass lid sits is wavy and uneven, and allows random gaps between the lid and the liner. The lid has a metal rim, so it can't conform to the liner the way rubber trimmed lids can. I think a snug fit is important to a slow cooker or most cookware, so it failed in this regard.Cooks Illustrated gave this model a good recommendation, which should mean something. Did they get lucky? According to the CI review, the cooking temps for this model ranged from 195 degrees on low, to 207 degrees on high. Many reviewers said their low temp was 215, making it too hot for many dishes. According to All-Clad ad-copy I found elsewhere, Warm = 160, Low = 205, High = 250My temperature test:I carefully inspected the liner for cracks, then filled it 2/3 full with room temperature water. I turned the cooker on LOW with a timer set for 6 hours. After 2 hours the temperature of the water was 142*. After 4 hours it was 160* and after 6 hours it reached 162*.  I used more than one thermometer to test it.  I turned the power off and let the water return to room temperature. I poured out the water and checked the liner for cracks. The next day, I repeated the test at HIGH temperature.  This time, the water measured 162* after 2 hours, 182* after 4 hours, and 190* after 6 and 8 hours. I did not test the warm temperature.I used the slow cooker to prepare a full pot of chili and it cooked very well and I did not experience any technical problems. It's easier to get away with cooler or hotter temps with a dish like that. If I were cooking a pot roast, I would have been more concerned with the accuracy of the temperature. As a vegetarian, this won't be an issue for me, but would be something to consider by consumers that plan to cook meat in this unit.At the time of this review, there were 200 previous reviews which were overwhelmingly negative. Of the negative reviews, a little more than half stated the electronics on the unit failed, while the rest said the ceramic liner cracked easily. A handful of reviewers experienced both issues. A few reviews reflected general performance issues, such as excessively high cooking temperatures. Some of the negative reviews were regarding the nonstick coating in the slow cooker sold exclusively by Williams Sonoma and should not be here.Overall, I'm disappointed in the lack of quality of the ceramic liner and I intend to be very careful with it. It doesn't matter how beautiful it is if it can't perform properly. I would love it if All-Clad would address some of these problems and introduce a new model. I plan to mark my kitchen calender every time I use this slow cooker. If it does fail, I will update my review with further details. I'll also update it if I use it a lot without issues. I hope that what I've posted so far will be helpful.
I am writing this review on my early impressions of the All-Clad 99009 Polished Stainless Steel 6.5-Quart Slow Cooker. I have used this device a number of times in the past week; ordinarily, my family relies on a slow cooker for two meals a week, mainly for preparing meat dishes. I have read a number of the reviews of this product in the Amazon.com forums, and it is quite apparent that a number of users have had unfortunate experiences with it, ranging from electric problems to flaking of the ceramic insert. I have not had any of those problems so far.I'm writing instead about my other concerns about this product for my household. This product has, as I can see it, three main selling points. One is that its timer can be set for a period of more than 24 hours. The second is its size; the third is its beauty.There's no denying that this appliance is beautiful; its gleaming stainless steel sides, its brightly illuminated number display, its black rubber countertop-protecting feet, and its deep black ceramic insert all suggest functionality and professionalism, and, if my kitchen were a showroom, I would be proud to keep it on display at all times. I have a working kitchen, though, and there are other concerns to bear in mind. First of all, this device requires a great deal of counter space. It's about twenty inches long and over a foot deep; however, you will need to keep free space around it because it lacks protective external insulation. Almost all of the steel encasement of the appliance is hot to the touch; almost everything you might touch on it is hot, with the exception of the control panel and the handles on the side (and, believe me, you will want a potholder to lift the lid, too). While it has a large capacity insert, the instructions warn against filling it by more than half, so one does not get the full use of the insert's size, after all. To its credit, the insert has wide handles, over two inches, on either end, offering generous space for lifting it with cooking mitts, which is necessary, because the insert even half filled can be relatively heavy. I am still a bit curious about the 26-hour programmable timer, though, because I cannot imagine leaving food in the device for a long time without cooking it, and I am not likely to want the dishes I prepare to be cooking and "warming" for over a day at a time. This product is not for me.To be fair, I am perhaps not the ideal customer for this device. I have a busy, crowded kitchen, where getting food on the table is a top priority and counter space has to be in best use. I have an insulated slow cooker that permits its metal non-stick insert to be used on the stove top before being placed in the appliance; it's reliable, it's more versatile, it's safer, and it's smaller--at a cost of about a third of what this device costs. I can see the appeal the All-Clad Slow Cooker could have to appliance fetishists, but, frankly, a replacement of its ceramic insert would cost more than my reliable everyday slow cooker.In conclusion, although I have not (yet) experienced the numerous problems noted by other reviewers in this forum, I would find it difficult to recommend this slow cooker to anybody but those who most enjoy displaying beautiful appliances on their pristine, uncrowded countertops. Busy people on a budget can find a better alternative.
I will start out by saying that I think slow cookers are worth their weight in gold.  If you work long days, like I do, it is great to be able to come home to a dinner already prepared.  That being said, I have been using a cheaper brand of slow cooker for years.  When I had the chance to try this particular model, I was really excited to see what the differences were.Many reviewers have commented about the cracked insert.  I have not had that problem, but I have only used it a few times.  That being said, I honestly did not see a huge improvement over the less expensive brands.  If my insert does crack, I would definitely lean away from this one just because of the high replacement cost.  But it is easy to use and does a good job....its really the question of cost comparison.  We will see how long it endures, however.
I really like slow cookers. They serve so many purposes; keeping food warm in a buffet, making tough meat more appetizing, combining ingredients at a slow simmer without having to worry about a stove being left on. I still have my old crock pot from years ago and use it for dips and baked beans. Another one on my shelf is a 5  quart slow cooker which has made some great meals. My family loves slow cooker corned beef and cabbage and this being a 6  quart cooker I thought would be perfect since we always wished the 5  quart one held more.I was shocked to see the high price and the amount of 1 star reviews for this product and a bit dismayed. I would have hoped All-Clad could have been depended upon for a better product. Hopefully they have corrected their mistakes, but I will still use this with trepidation for several reasons.First the sides, as it is cooking get so hot that it would burn my hand and a small child reaching up would be definitely be hurt. The lid needs a pot holder to remove it when your recipe is finished. Neither one of my older slow cookers have this problem. They get warm, but not enough to burn you.I like to cook on high and neither one of the other slow cookers scorches my food and burns at the sides, even when there is not a lot of liquid. I made a beef stew in this one, it had a very liquid base of onion soup and yet, even cooking it at the least amount of time called for in the recipe, I had burned pieces of meat and potatoes stuck to the side.The unit is handsome, the timer is nice and it gives a small ping when finished and switches to warm. It comes with a few recipes, but I'm a little hesitant to use it in the future especially at a high settings.
Ok, I'm picky about my kitchen utensils and this one falls under the &#34;not sure I needed to upgrade&#34; category.  I have an old school hand held grater that only grates one size.  It's been bowing for years and thought that I needed a new one.  I saw this and thought it would be a great new utensil to have since it's an OXO but have reservations now that I've used it a handful of times.  First of all, the fine grater kept the zest up inside the grater so I had to go inside to get it out which wasn't easy due to it's shape.  The cup holds very little cheese but is handy when only a small amount is needed.  I find that I resort back to my old grater mainly because it is small and takes up nearly no room in my dishwasher.  This thing is huge!  If you don't have much room in your kitchen or don't have tons of space in your dishwasher for one utensil, skip this grater and get a flat one.
The OXO Good Grips box grater itself is nice but the included cheese grater is poor quality. I also own theKitchenaid Gourmet Box Grater, Blackand the container that comes with the Kitchenaid is much nicer. Both graters are almost the same price and generally the same type of product.The OXO Good Grips Box Grater:Pros:Slim design which is better for storageSharp stainless steel blades work greatCons:The attachable container for catching and storage is a cheap, stiff plastic. My lid came shattered.The attachable container only has a 1 cup capacity.The Kitchenaid Box Grater:Pros:Sharp stainless steel blades that work greatAttachable container has a large 2 cup capacityThe plastic lid on the container is a soft pliable lid and nice quality.Cons:Much bulkier and takes up more spaceBoth have the identical set-up on the blades. One side is coarse grating and the opposite is medium. One of the sides is slicing and the other side is very fine grating. The performance is the same between the two brands. The slicing, and the medium and coarse grating works perfect. The fine grating only works with hard food such as Parmesan or cinnamon sticks, it makes a mess of something soft like mozzarella.I prefer the Kitchenaid because of the storage container is much better quality. The Kitchenaid container is also double in size. I also like that the Kitchenaid handle has less plastic and more stainless steel.If the size is not an issue for storage reasons, I would go for the Kitchenaid product.
This is an okay grater, but I wouldn't buy it again.First of all, the storage box is really small, holding only one cup.  The thing I grate most often is cheese, and I need to grate way more than that each time.  So I don't find the storage box particularly useful.  The volume inside the grater itself isn't as big as I'd hoped, either, so if I don't want my cheese to get compacted inside, I have to dump the grater at least once during my grating jobs.Another drawback in that area is the black edge at the bottom of the grater.  I thought that, with the grater elevated by the storage box, it would be easy to grate all the way down to the bottom of the grater, maximizing each stroke.  But no, whatever you're grating clunks into that big black edge.  The ONE advantage I thought the storage box was going to give me (an elevated grater) is totally negated by that protruding edge.Grating itself isn't as smooth and easy as I experienced with our last grater (a no-name discount-store grater).  I use the large holes most often, and I find that they are angled outwards too much on this Oxo grater.  This results in a larger grate, and it also makes it harder to get through whatever you're grating.  I usually make my kids grate cheese, and after trying this thing, they both went back to our old grater, which has lost its handle and is very uncomfortable to use.  If they use THAT over this thing, that's telling you a lot.The one positive side is that the handle is indeed cushy and comfortable on this Oxo.  And it does grate (with a little extra effort).  So it's not a horrible device, but I plan to get a different one.
I have problems with my grip so I appreciated the wide handle and firm grip of the grater when used without the container. I found the container completely useless. It's only able to hold a very small amount of grated material and its smaller than the grater. This produces an unstable effect even with the gripping surface on the container's bottom. Reversing the container for storage was easy enough, but OXO products are intended for those of us with dexterity issues. Removing the container was not comfortable. I found the grater much easier to use without the base. Since the grater works in two directions it does shred semi-soft and hard cheeses easily. I was happy with it on those items. Carrots were not as easy, but I rarely shred them so that wasn't a deal breaker. I like it but I don't consider it invaluable.
It's OK, and looks good.I have an older hand box Grater I have had for YEARS! Which is very much like this one, and is the same size.So I did a comparison, using both of them for the same things I was GratingThe main holes on this Grater are smaller.The rubber non-slip on the bottom, Makes it difficult to move the grated foodout from the inside, as it is not smooth, due the rubber rim, and the food gets caught up on the rubber rim.The Rubber handle looks nice, but when using it, I'm not on top of this holding it in place. So its no big deal for me, and I'm short.This Grater is heavier then my old one..When Grating carrots, since the larger holes are smaller, the food is grated smaller..Older grader has larger holes, so I think itgrades faster, and I do like the larger thicker pieces.This Grater spits the food back at me, where my older one does not.I have to press harder to grade, then my old Grader.Using the nice plastic measuring cup that comes with this for grading cheese, it did a pretty good job.Although some cheese was spitting back at me instead of going into the cup&#8230;The cheese was also smaller then I'm use to. I did Grade Fresh hard Parmesan cheese.When I do Grade Parmesan cheese, I use my Micro Plane..But wanted to give this a try.I did not try grading with soft cheese.What I do like about this Grader is:On the side there is one large slicer. I used it for slicing a Yam with the skin, and a potato withthe skin on.It made nice thin slices to use for baking potato chips.Or grading larger pieces for soups etc.If I didn't know better, by having my older Grader, I would have to say it's works fine.,and probable think it's allot better then having to take out my big or even little food processor , when I'm notpreparing  allot of food.This is  dishwasher safe on the top rack, and it's stainless steel.I do not know where this is made at, as there is a sticker over the bottom packaging. There is nothing stamped on this grader, except on the rubber top handle a little, oxo.I would buy this as a gift, cause it does work, and looks Good..I do not know of another grader out there for this price thatwould be any better!
It's easy to think this would be a low quality slicer considering the price.  It's not.  I'm always a little hard on my kitchen gear and didn't go easy on this just because it is made of plastic.  As long as you don't toss it against the wall, it will hold up.  I wasn't thrilled with the blade choices though.  The ribbon attachment is a little too thin and makes more of a potato chip, nice fries.  Same for the spaghetti style blade.  It did make very thin, crispy potatoes but I'd use it in the future for nests or some other decorative side, not really for a decent plate of fries.  For the price, you get something fun to play with and you can dress up your plates.  I'd like to see the ribbon slicer just a bit thicker but will definitely use it again.
I have mixed emotions concerning this vacuum cleaner. I own a Dyson, well, 2 to be honest, so compared to the Dyson, it's no where near as powerful. However, it has attachments to clean the stairs and is very lightweight, which is nice. My younger children can maneuver it much more easily than the Dyson. It also has a scented filter you can use which makes the house smell good. The bagless canister is easy to empty. It is pretty loud when running though. It does suck up the dirt, which is it's main purpose, so in that area, it does well. So, overall, for me, it's just "ok" -nothing spectacular but good enough.
The Areoswitft is a light, nice looking vacuum cleaner that comes with a scented filter. This model is probably meant more for small areas or as a backup vacuum. At first, I thought this vacuum was pretty good, as I used the extension wand to remove cobwebs from my ceiling and baseboards. The vacuum is relatively light to carry around, so if you are using the wand or Turbo Brush to touch up areas around your home, it is pretty good for that. I also liked that this vacuum has an on/off foot petal. I don't know why some Bissell models have a button on the side. They are always difficult to locate and turn off. The foot pedal on this model works fine. The filter is easily replaced with the FeBreeze one (included) and gives off a nice scent. The bagless canister is easy to remove and open over a trash can to dispose of dirt.I vacuumed my entire bottom floor, but this vacuum picked up very little dirt or hair. I do vacuum daily, so I didn't expect a huge mess, but there was more dog hair on the front of the vacuum, than in the canister. This model is also very noisy, as can be expected with a smaller sized vacuum, but the suction was pretty weak. This was disappointing, as I found the vacuum itself to be comfortable to use. The front part of the vacuum is small which means it doesn't cover as much space, but it does make it easier to get in between chairs and smaller spaces. There are different settings from flat floors to thick carpet, but there wasn't a huge difference when using them. You could barely see the vacuum lines in the carpet. The cord is a decent length and easy to coil up when you are done.If you are looking for a smaller, lower end vacuum for your trailer or apartment, I would look elsewhere. Bissell has better models than this one which are only $30 more. Dirt Devil also makes a small vacuum in the $50 range that is very powerful, unlike this one.
I like a good light weight bagless vacuum, the Bissell Aeroswift is okay, but not as good as my Hoover Sprint QuickVac Bagless Upright. The Aeroswift doesn't seem quite as well made and there is a lot more plastic. That isn't really such an issue as how well it works of course and this just doesn't seem to have the same power/suction as the Hoover Sprint. I've had the Hoover awhile and it still works great. I tried to use the Aeroswift as much as possible to compare and it just doesn't do as good of a job. It isn't horrible and I do like how the dust bin empties, but the attachments don't stay on too well and that was very annoying. For the price, it's basic and if you don't plan on doing heavy duty vacuuming, the Aeroswift does the job, but I think are better options in the price range out there.
I was excited to give this bagless vacuum a try since moving into an 1800 sq. foot house that's all hard flooring.  Daily sweeping just wasn't doing the trick, and myHoover FloorMate SpinScrub Wet/Dry Vacuum, FH40010Bis far better at mopping than vacuuming.  Overall, this is a great vacuum, but it could be improved.Pros1.  Great suction.  Dust bunnies get sucked up from several inches away, and I never have to run over larger bits of debris more than once.  It seems to be good at getting into corners and under counters, too, and I haven't had to go back with a broom to get left-overs.  By far the best vacuum I've used on hard floors in this regard.2.  Minimal blow-back.  So many uprights seem to blow more air out the front than they suck in (I'm looking at you,Dirt Devil Dynamite Bagless Upright with On-Board Tools - M084650RED), which just scatters the dirt and dust before you can roll over it.  Not this vacuum!  The exhaust blows more up than out, meaning there's not a big draft to push the dirt out of the way.3.  Maneuverable.  The head spins every which-way, so it's very quick to maneuver around the room.4.  Attachments.  Plenty of attachments mean I can get the crevices, couch, and ceiling fans all in one pass.5.  Not too heavy or loud.  I can easily use this without ear protection (unlike the previously mentioned Dirt Devil, which is LOUD), and it's light enough for me to lift without trouble.6.  Easy to clean out.  Bagless vacuums aren't the tidiest things to clean, but this one is not worse than any others I've used.All that said, this is NOT a perfect vacuum.  There are several things I'd like to see improved.Cons1.  Attachment storage.  The attachment points are ridiculously close to each other and to the hose, meaning they easily get knocked off. I've already lost the upholstery brush, which fell off THREE times in the first 10 minutes of use and now has disappeared somewhere in my home's black holes.2.  No retractable cord.  While this isn't uncommon, it's very annoying with this unit.  The cord is very long - which can be nice for minimal re-plugging - but it's extremely awkward to have yards of cord in the way while you're trying to clean the room.  I've found that retractable cords solve this problem seamlessly.3.  Not HEPA filtered.  The air filter is pretty basic, so those with allergies may not like this unit at all.  That said, my husband and I are both asthmatic, and haven't had any problems with dust from this unit.4.  MUCH too high.  I can't fit this vacuum under any of my furniture, since the front and canister are very tall even when the vacuum is in its extended position.  Even the 9-inch-high bed is too low.  I end up having to pull out one of the attachments to get more than an inch or two under everything, which gets incredibly tedious.5.  Too easy to detach the canister.  I've had it disconnect while I'm cleaning because it got accidentally knocked.  Not a huge deal, but irritating and unnecessary.6.  Questionable durability.  It's all plastic and lightweight at that.  I have doubts it will last very long.Overall, I expect this will be a good vacuum for the short-term, but I'll probably end up replacing it with something lower-profile, more durable, with HEPA filtration, and with more thoughtful design.
Summary: The Bissell Aeroswift has a lot of features for the price, has good suction, and does a decent job of cleaning low carpet and hard floors. It bogs down in heavier carpets and requires frequent cleaning of its sponge filter.Pros:* Full set of accessories (crevice tool, utility brush/nozzle, upholstery brush, extension wand, etc.) and storage on the unit for all of it. No hassling with lost pieces.* Plenty of suction.* Bagless canister is easy to remove, empty and clean.* Not really very heavy and thus easy to maneuver and carry.* Decent length cord, which has a manual wrap bracket on the body of the vacuum. The cord wrap bracket can swivel to release the whole bundle on one end so you can deploy it quickly vs. unwinding when needed.* I've only had it for a month or so, but appears to be reasonably durable for use in modestly sized homes and apartments.Cons:* When you use the hose and attachments, and are therefore not vacuuming the floor or carpet, the brush head in the the base still rotates. This can damage your carpet if you leave it standing in one place brushing while you vacuum the drapes or whatever. So, you have to get the brushes off the carpet while you use the wand. Could be a deal killer for some. This really seems like a brain dead part of the design.* Sponge filter needs cleaning all the time. Although this vacuum is &#34;bagless&#34;, it is not filter-less. I don't think any vacuums are, actually. The canister does a good job of trapping the bigger particles and dirt with its &#34;cyclone&#34; action, but as with other units it needs an output air filter. The output filter is easy to get to, but instead of a higher capacity pleated fabric or fibre filter, it has a sponge. In my use, the sponge needs to be cleaned often to keep good airflow. I have posted some photos to show the sponge after vacuuming one carpeted room and then after cleaning. I tried to be somewhat careful when cleaning the sponge, but it developed a small crack (also shown in photos) the first time I did this. You will want to have a supply of these, which are available from the manufacturer, on hand. I think they should have designed in a larger surface area sponge or used a higher surface area pleated filter. I suspect the sponge was used because it is less expensive.+ The sponge filter tray makes it easy to remove and clean the filter, which is also shown in my photos.* Due to the way the hose is designed, it really contracts a LOT when the nozzle has any blockage at all. So, when you are stretching the hose to go clean something and you touch down on a surface that blocks part of the nozzle, the pull on the hose is significantly more than I would have expected or have experienced on my trusty Sears upright. The Bissell hose is optimized to be contracted fully and in place on the vacuum, i guess, and not balanced to stay extended at all. This isn't a deal killer for small amounts of hose use near to the ground, but it would really be annoying if you intend to use this for doing floor to ceiling drapes.* When using the vacuum in normal carpet cleaning mode, even with the height adjustment set for high carpet pile, pushing the unit across a plush carpet is more difficult than I would like. It's not un-doable, but it would be annoying if you were doing a few thousand square feet of carpet. I tested this on several rooms of our house and concluded that you don't want to do more than a few hundred square feet of high pile carpet at a time. In addition to being hard on you, the vacuum heats up too, so I figure it needs to rest once in a while :-)Neutral Observations:* &#34;Febreeze&#34; sponge filter. The vacuum comes with a sample Febreeze branded sponge filter. It is supposed to make your carpet and room smell better. I found it to be OK - sort of like hosing the room with air freshener while vacuuming. My wife found it to be over-powering and asked for me to please stop using it while she opened the windows and doors to let the smell out. So, I guess this is why they make it a sample? :-)* Noise - its' not as quiet as our $300 Sears Kenmore, but then again it does not make me feel like I need ear protection, either. I would call it &#34;OK&#34;.* Appearance - It is OK looking - perhaps it looks more expensive than it is.* Height - I am about 5' 7&#34; tall and this vacuum is about the perfect height for my use. When reviewing tools in which your height and that of the tool matter, I always take exception if I'm starting to feel &#34;tall&#34;. If you are a few inches taller, it may be too short for your prolonged use (e.g. whole house cleaning day). You should definitely find one and check out the height before you buy. On the other hand, if you are my height or shorter, you will find it very comfortable.Conclusion:This is a good &#34;value&#34; vacuum for smaller residences, vacation homes, and non-industrial use. It does all you need to do, with average quality, for under a hundred dollars. View the &#34;cons&#34; section above - the constantly rotating brush may be a deal killer for you, for instance. If you can afford to spend more and get a better unit that conquers some of the mentioned issues, especially the constantly rotating brush, you should. That said, it does clean and suck up all the guck, and at a good price.
I have cats and dogs and am always looking for a really good vacuum without breaking the bank! We have a Dyson where I work and I was not impressed withit. This is what I consider a good vacuum to keep handy for a quick pick up. It is pretty much all plastic. One of the design flaws is that the on/off peddle is right next to the peddle  for moving the handle up and down and I found myself hitting the wrong peddle if I wasn't paying close attention.I wish they would make the hose longer,the vacuum constantly falls over because it is so short you have to stretch too much just to clean along the base board or try to reach tops of cupboards. It is quite difficukt trying to hold the vacuum up off the floor and hold the hose in the other hand to try and reach the cupboards. It is cheaply made and good for quick pick ups but not for really cleaning.
Lightweight and easy to use, but the attachments get knocked off easily and the suction could be better.  I like the maneuverability. It works well enough for a small apartments with low-pile carpeting.  Feels like cheap plastic, so we'll see how long it lasts.
Very colorful and decent for prep and serving small kids.  Bright colors are nice and food colors don't seem to transfer to the bowls.We use them most frequently for salad dressing when the kids have baby carrots or celery sticks.  My complaint is that the bases are too small and consequently they tip over very easily.  That's OK for Ranch dressing or Ketchup, not so good for soy sauce.  If you flip them inside out it gives them a wider base which makes them more stable.Since they flex they make their own funnel - for tasks like refilling the pepper grinder.Someone mentioned that they break eggs into these - Those must be some tiny eggs! - these are rather small.  We have some stainless mini bowls which are almost an inch larger in diameter (but shallower) which makes them a little more handy (though you can't flex them of course)I purchased two sets and I think in hindsight I think given the size I only needed one...If you have questions/comments or if this review was helpful, please let me know!
Mr. Coffee has been around a really long time and in my opinion is never a bad choice.  This little brewer does the job and has a nicely designed pot that never drips. (Not for me anyway.  A real annoyance that is absent in this design). It brews 4 cups in a reasonable amount of time, and has two clear windows on each side to see the water level. The warming plate, though not adjustable, seems to keep the brewed coffee at a nice hot temperature. On the downside the one design flaw that I found most disappointing is that the little window in front that displays the time is not back lit. The picture of this unit in the Amazon ad gives the impression that the numbers are lit on the clock.  But they are not in any way.  This very small display with black digits is very difficult to see even in a very well lit room.  And absolutely useless in a darkened one.  The other flaw I found annoying is its pause and serve adapter.  There are two types of designs for this feature I have encountered.  The first (the good kind) operates by a little lever in the back of the units warming plate that is pushed in by removing, or replacing the pot.  The second kind,(the pain in the you know what kind) operates by a little plunger on a spring that hangs down from the center of the ground cup.  One must slip the pot slightly under the plunger against the pressure to replace it which can often times require some  maneuvering.  Especially when the coffee maker is a very small one like this unit is.  I found myself unable to replace the pot each time without holding onto to the unit so it doesn't creep across the table while I am wiggling the pot in place underneath. Thus returning the pot while using the pause and serve feature always required two hands. Very inconvenient. I didn't have the unit for long before I got fed up with it and removed the little plunger altogether.  I found that the virtue of patience while it is brewing to be more advantageous than struggling with the annoying little gizmo.  Each buyer will have to decide for themselves if these couple of design flaws are enough of an annoyance for consideration in whether to purchase this little coffee maker.  For me personally, they are not enough for me to give a poor review, but definitely worth mentioning.
I am the only coffee drinker in my house and a 4 cup machine is all I need and then some.  There are MANY units out there and while all the inexpensive models seem to share one universal problem (not getting the water HOT enough) they are all different.This is the 4th coffee maker I have used in the last 8 years.  And the longest lasting!Before the Mr. Coffee I used both a Protor Silex and two different Hamilton Beach 4 cup machines.  In each case they ALL malfunctioned within 6 months and I was at my wits end. (shooting liquid out the sides, smoking for no reason, or just flat out refusing to work)Only wanting to spend a small amount to make my two cups each morning I finally tried this Mr. Coffee unit.  That was more than 3 years ago and it is still going strong.Make no mistake, this is a very cheap unit.  If you drop your carafe (thin glass) you can kiss it goodbye.  Also, like all the other inexpensive coffee makers, the Mr. Coffee does NOT get the water hot enough to actually drink the coffee without first reheating it a bit in the microwave.  It BREWS IT fine, but for whatever reason it always ends on the lukewarm side.The clock and timer work, but don't count of them as even a few seconds of power loss will wipe the memory and you will need to reprogram. Also, it is a bit hard to see as it is not backlit and reminds me of an old Casio LCD watch from back in the day.Cleaning is easy and REQUIRED.  Every few moths run a few water/vinegar cycles, then rinse with a few more plain water cycles and your machine will keep working like new. MAKE SURE you follow that routine before your first use or you will taste plastic!Basically, if you want something that will last and that requires a minimum of care then this Mr Coffee should do the trick. However, be aware it won't get the coffee hot enough for most to drink.  2 stars off for that, but 3 stars for product longevity.
I bought the Mr. Coffee 4-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker at a local discount department store as I wanted to make decaf coffee. Hubby dearest is allergic to decaf coffee, I did not want to expose him to the decaf, so I bought my own coffee maker.The Mr. Coffee coffeemaker worked well when it came to making coffee. My only complaint is the lid covering the water container is stiff and does not want to shut correctly. I had to fiddle with the lid to make it work.As to the coffee:  The coffeemaker itself quickly made my coffee. I was treated a nice hot cup of decaf coffee thanks to this machine.Penmouse
The coffee from it tastes alright (no plastic taste or anything like that).I'm not sure what "cups" means to them but I get 2.2 cups from it at full capacity (normal ceramic coffee mugs).It loses a minute every few days (like other reviewers said) but it only takes the push of 1 button to bring it back to time. So I wouldn't disqualify the product just based on that.All the pieces that get dirty can go in the dishwasher.It keeps the coffee hot for 1 hour and auto shuts off.So if you don't mind a small coffee maker (perfect for 1 person) then it's alright.
While I hate to speak ill of a muffin pan that only costs $3.99, including super saver shipping, and is included in the 4 for 3 special, I will.  There are little dents in the bottoms of the muffin cups.  This came very well packaged, so I think that the dents were there originally and not caused by shipping.  Because of the low cost of the item, general hassle, plus it probably won't affect the overall baking of muffins, I'm not returning it.  It's just that the pan arrived not looking new because of all the little dents, and I'm not sure that asking for another one would produce better results.  On the positive side, this pan is warranteed for five years, so if the dents do cause a problem, I can return it to the manufacturer.
Hoover U5140-900 Tempo Widepath Bagged Upright VacuumI bought this due to the many good reviews. I find it to be sufficient but nothing special.The best thing I like about it is the brush does a great job of  standing the carpet fibers up, making the carpet look nice. It also has nice filter system that does make dust fly all over. Otherwise it keeps up as well as any other vacuum. But what I don't like is, the wide path does a poor job of picking up on the edges, the bumped out edging seems a waste. What I don't like the most is the hose, it is very cheap plastic that when I use it to vacuum under the fridge or stove etc, it twists up  at the top and crushes in enough  that the suction  fails and you have to turn it off and pop the collapsed part back out, I am thinking of putting duck tape on it before it fails completely. The hose doesn't reach as far as my old vacuum either. I have to pick the vacuum off the floor to vacuum the ceiling edges. So as much as I like the carpet fluff and air filter, I will be looking elsewhere when I need another one.
I bought this unit for my husband when he was working out of town and staying at a motel that had only weekly maid service. He used it for about 6 months and it was okay on a combination of carpet and tile flooring.The unit does not shine in any particular area, but does a fair job on regular depth pile carpeting. Vacuuming huge expanses of hard floor with this type of vacuum would be hellish and pointless as most of the dirt comes kicking back out the back.We didn't keep the unit but gave it away to a friend with carpet.
I bought this vaccuum based on the outstanding reviews by Consumer Reports and by customers to this site, but I wish I had not purchased the ugly beast.This is terrible on bare floors. Even with the brush turned off, dirt shoots across the room making it impossible to clean.The attachment hose is too short to be of any use unless you physically lean the vacuum towards the intended target.The tool holders/cord caddy on the back is a tangled mess that doesn't seems thrown together without any particular plan.I gave this 3 stars because it does have very powerful suction so if you have all carpet floors and rarely use the attachment, this is probably a good fit for you.
Pros:- Beautiful to look at, especially when filled- Don't heat up with hot liquid inside - very comfortable to hold- Don't leave rings on furniture from condensation- They become something of a conversation piece with guests!Cons:- Fragile and thin (though I have been VERY careful and have not broken one yet)- Too expensive on Amazon at the current fifteen bucks (my set of two were included FREE with a French Press bought for sixteen bucks on sale at Bed Bath & Beyond). They go on sale on Amazon for closer to ten bucks.- Double-walled construction makes the sides of the glass a little thick, which may cause 'dribble' issues!  ;-)- These hold just 9 ounces, which is a little small - you might want to consider one of the larger kinds if you like a nice cup of coffee or a full glass of soda
This hand vacuum has considerably stronger suction than other models I've tried in the past. It works well for spills and other small cleanup jobs, and is useful in tight areas such as automobiles. The downside is that the battery run-time is short; after less than 10 minutes the motor starts to slow down. The Nickel-Cadmium battery used in this model is cheaper than the Lithium-ion batteries used in more expensive products; it is susceptible to the "memory effect", whereby the run-time length decreases if charging occurs without first completely discharging the battery. As a result, it is advisable to run the vacuum down (until it stops) as often as is practical. Since the device is rather noisy, this is unfortunate.
I received this hand vac to review after purchasing theDirt Devil AccuCharge 15.6 Volt Cordless Hand Vac with ENERGY STAR Battery Charger, BD10045RED, so I'll be comparing the two.They're almost identical, except that this one is black and gray and has an additional cup inside for liquid spills. You can actually take the cup out and put it into the other hand vac. I don't know if the other one can be used for picking up liquid, but all the pieces seem to be interchangeable. Both hand vacs are big, a bit heavy, and noisy. The red one is definitely more attractive, although the black and gray one might fit in better with your other cleaning tools. They both need a fairly big space for storage and charging (about 16" long by 5" wide and 8" high).Both do a fairly good job of sucking up dirt, crumbs and the like from small areas. This one was okay at picking up liquid spills, although it took some time to dry the vac out afterward. This is the one feature the other, cheaper hand vac is missing, and it works, although not very well.I bought the other Dirt Devil because it was on sale, but my husband wanted a wet/dry one. After trying this hand vac, I don't know if this feature is worth spending significantly more for. I wouldn't. My husband probably would. It's your call.
I use this cutting board with my OXO Knives, which are really sharp! They do slice the board, and granted I am not an expert with a knife but the &#34;scratch resistant&#34; polypropylene is pretty useless against sharp knives I'm guessing. I don't use the board that often so it should hold up well for me, but if you plan on using a cutting board a lot I'd probably suggest a wooden block instead.
I was able to compare all aspects of  the following coffee makers:The Keurig B40 Elite Gourmet (my parents own it)The Keurig B70 Platinum Single Cup (we owned it and loved it until it recently died)The Bosch Tassimo Titanium (we have been using it for the last month, ordered on Amazon)So, because I always value lots of research myself prior to any major purchase, I thought I'd share my own personal observations and results should anyone else be comparing the two brands. Although I prefer my current Tassimo, there are aspects of the other coffee makers I also really like and that you might personally prefer over the one I chose so I thought, rather than simply saying which one I like best, I will pass along a first-hand comparison that my be helpful to other shoppers so they could decide what they like most...as a big shopper myself on Amazon, I thought my own comparison may save others time.Size:KB40: (Keurig B40)  10x13 1/2x13KB70: (Keurig B70)  10 3/4x14x13TT  (Bosch Tassimo Titanium)  8x11x13Speed:This was one of my most important features but it may not be yours. The Bosch Tassimo was the only one that has a "stand by" system so the machine goes into stand-by after use, using less electricity but ready to use instantly without heat-up (By instantly I mean 4 seconds.) The Keurig does not have stand-by so you will need a 4 minute heat-up time but after that it's the same amount of time.KB40: 4 min heat up time for first cupKB70 4 min heat up time for first cup (but see notes, below, about the programmable "on" button if you wake up at the same time each day)TT:  due to a "stand-by" system you do not have to turn the coffee pot on and heat up water ever because this has a flow-through water heater for faster brewing, rather than heating the whole tank resulting in 4 second brewing for first cup. However, if you choose to turn off your coffee pot or never use the stand-by system for some reason the heat up time is about a minute.Water tank size:KB40: 48 ozKB70: 60 ozTT: 67 ozWarranty:All one yearWater Measurement:On the Keurig you are going to get the same amount of water for every drink, depending upon the setting you have to manually input. On the Tassimo, there is a barcode on all the T discs that the coffee maker reads and automatically adjusts the water and temperature needed for that beverage. For example, a smaller T disc would automatically adust your water so the beverage is not diluted. However, should you prefer a weaker cup, you can hold down the button to add more during every brew. Which brings me to taste...I always found my Keurig to be on the weak side unless I was brewing a 5.25 oz up. I don't find this to be true for my T-discs, even in very large cups of coffee. Incidentally, the Starbucks brand makes a large cup and very full-bodied if that's desired.Types of drinks:All offer cocoas, coffees, teas, lattes, cappuccinos, espressos I think Keurig actually has more choices at this time than the Tossimo.Sound:KB40 VERY loud and vibratingKB70 less loud, still vibratesTT: very quiet, no vibrationOther notes:The KB70 allows you to change the temperature of your coffee and, although it doesn't have a stand-by mode to brew instantly, it does have a programmable on/off so that you can have it turn on at a certain time each day which is almost as good. This didn't work for me because I might want a coffee at 6am but if I want a tea at 4pm I would have to wait 4 minutes for heat up with the Keurig, but have it instantly on the Bosch since it can stay on standby at all times, powered down but not off and ready to brew instantly. The KB70 has a digital clock on it and the Tassimo does not. The Tassimo shows less coffee drips at the base than the Keurig if anyone does grab their cup too soon in a rush. The Tassimo comes with 2 Mavea Water Filters. Although they are optional, filtered water does take your coffee taste up a notch...even the Starbucks company insists on their machines (even in corporate offices) having the filter due to the taste change. So we use it...it just plugs into the water tank so it's easy to use or not.  The Tassimo has a cup stand light that switches off when not in use for 5 minutes. The cappuccinos and lattes are better waaaay better on the Tassimo because they have real milk that really froths rather than dehydrated like the Keurig, but regular coffee is really good on both...I like a bold cup though so I prefer the Tassimo not using more water in relation to coffee...doesn't taste as watered down even on the really light blends, the flavor comes through in my opinion.Also note: The T-discs take up less room. If you keep a dispenser on your counter you can have lots of t-discs in them without refilling the dispenser frequently because they are flatter and more round rather than tall.Conclusion: I like my parent's Keurig B40 which made me buy my Keurig B70 which I liked a lot until we used it to death and I decide to try out the Tassimo Titanium. Although each has aspects that are great, I love my Tassimo far more...HOWEVER, if some of the things that were important for me aren't as important to you, I think anyone would be happy with the Keurigs too over a regular brewer.Here are some comparisons to a regular coffeemaker rather than a one cup:The flavor of coffee is broken down by three things: light, heat, and air. Every time you open a bag of coffee to measure out and fill a regular coffee maker, you break down the taste because of this. Also, a regular brewer is cheaper but there is more waste. We always dumped out leftover coffee. Now we only brew what we drink. Also, as your pot sits, it is also exposed to the aforementioned elements making it stale. With either the Keurig or the Bosch Tassimo, you always get a fresh cup.If you have guests, it's excellent because you can have various types of coffees and teas and each person can push one button and brew their own. You don't have to stop your entertaining at a dinner party to keep refilling coffee or asking if anyone needs any refills, or stop to brew a few pots during dessert...I have this at the end of the counter and there is no wait time...anyone can easily serve themselves with no instructions and there is no mess, no coffee measuring spoons, no coffee canister on the counter, no coffee beans in the trash or disposal, or spilling on the floor. Just take out the t-disk and throw it in the recycling bin. At least I can do that in Austin...it may be in the trash in other areas which would be a negative for the extra waste from the discs or keurig cups.
I had been struggling with whether to buy a Keurig when my daughter moved in with us, and our "coffee mornings" now include this particular model.There are several nice features, including the fact that it has a large reservoir of water, it heats quickly, and you can trick it into making hot water for tea.I tend to be a "flavored decaf" drinker, and her reusable cup with filter lets me brew that as well.However, since you can't adjust the amount of coffee inside of the cups, your only solution to making your coffee stronger or weaker involves the size of the cup. This features 6, 8, and 12 ounces. All use the same size cup. So making a large cup of coffee means it is really weak.I also tried the hot chocolate. I found it was perfect ... IF I added a couple of ounces of milk, a little chocolate, and frothed it with myAerolatte Milk Frother, Satin. It took a lot less time to go back to myMr. Coffee BVMC-EL1 Cafe Latteand make it exactly the way I want.I can see that this is a cool appliance, and it likely is perfect for a lot of people. It is especially nice for brewing just a single cup of coffee. However, I tend to like my coffee (and hot chocolate, and lattes) just the way I like them, so this standardized coffee maker isn't really the best choice for me.
We got this cool coffee maker for our small 2-person office & we thought it was a great choice because no one likes to make coffee, drink coffee that has sat on a warmer/burner for awhile or wash coffee pots.  After 1 year & 1 month our review is:1)  We only seem to use the coffee cup button, and have only used the travel mug button twice in 1 year;2)  The K-cup pricing is varied but we have found K-cups reasonably cheap through mail order and discount pricing;3)  The brewer sensor is going wacky.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it sits on "brewing" for awhile & then spits out a dab of water with the next round overflowing the cup.  Sometimes it works like it is suppose to.Is it worth it?  I expected the machine to last for more than 1 year without bugs especially considering that our use is more like residential use than office use (3-4 cups/day).  I am disappointed.I thought about buying a Keurig for my home use, but with the office one acting up, I opted to purchase a regular, cheaper coffee maker instead.
The Back to Basics Egg n Muffin Toaster was a wildly popular gift this Christmas.  Supply ran so short that givers were very lucky to pick one up in time.  But were the receivers lucky to find one under the tree?  Well, in some ways yes and in other ways no - it depends on their preferred recipe for breakfast.This unit lets you make breakfast sandwiches at home thanks to an ingenious steam heating chamber attached to the end of the toaster.  You simply add a few tablespoons of water to the chamber's cooking surface and the load up your ingredients in a series of nested pans above it.  The amount of water you supply gives you control over how well done the eggs turn out and I was very pleasantly surprised how well this works.  My greatest skepticism about the toaster is that you'd end up with runny undercooked eggs no matter how much water was used, but that wasn't the case at all.  Poaching a real egg gave the best results, but we also tried scrambling an egg right in the toaster's pan (no additional cookware to clean up) and it was very good as well.  On the other hand, liquid egg substitutes turned out a little soft/runny for my taste no matter how long they were cooked.  There is also a separate basket for hard-boiling eggs in the steamer instead.There is also a removeable shelf that can heat up pre-cooked bacon or sausage.  Its results were not good at all - basically, the steam heat just made the meats soggy.  If you really like some meat on your breakfast sandwich, have a microwave nearby.The most impressive feature is the internal timer which allows you to set up all of your chosen ingredients and then simply push one button.  It knows that the toast doesn't take as long as the egg, so it calculates both of the appropriate times so that all of your foods finish up together without you having to think about it.  The toaster also takes into consideration how light or dark you've set your toast and it does a good job of giving you the desired result.Cleanup was very simple after each use once the entire unit had cooled down.  However, the egg heating surface showed some permanent white marks from the hot steam right after the very first use;  I guess this portion will look more and more faded as time goes on.  Plus, while the intent may have been a modern appearance, the black matte finish is a terrible choice by the manufacturer.  Think about it:  black matte + greasy food = neverending fingerprint smudges that won't come off without applying a lot of effort.  These appearance considerations, coupled with its bulky dimensions, make the toaster unsuitable for everyday countertop display.  We keep ours tucked away in a cabinet when it's not being used.To summarize, this kitchen gadget and delivers good toast and surprisingly well-done eggs.  However, fans of well-done bacon and sausage may still find themselves in the drive-thru line in the morning.  It's simple to use and is actually a fun alternative to the usual methods of cooking a breakfast-on-the-go.  Cleanup is quick and easy as well.  The unit's large size and unattractive appearance make it a prime candidate to be stored out of sight, so make sure you've got some room in a cabinet.PROS*  Accurately toasts bread, bagels and English muffins according to your preference*  Makes surprisingly firm eggs, either poached or scrambled*  Timer makes sure that all of your foods finish at the same timeCONS*  Heating up pre-cooked sausage or bacon makes it more soggy than hot*  A big boxy unit that takes up too much counterspace and has an ugly finish
Toasters just seam to last forever.  That is why I was so disappointed that after a year and a half of use the elements just stopped working.While it was working this was one of the best ways I've found to poach a single egg.  It make an excellent breakfast sandwich.So if you looking for a fun and versatile toaster this is the model.  If you want something that is going to last.  Keep looking.I do admit that I miss the quality breakfast sandwhiches this made...
Overall this is a great concept, however I often found that as tightly as I tried to screw it into my bottle there was a little bit of leaking.  I like that it makes it easier to pour the wine, but when you have some dripping (especially with red wine) it seems to defeat the purpose.
This is a good wine stopper by itself, and allows you to pour wine without removing it.  If you're looking for a small gift for a wine enthusiast, this would be appreciated, but I personally don't mind removing a traditional cork or stopper and pouring wine the old fashioned way.
This thing looks handsome, but is it really necessary? While it functions properly as a stopper, you could just use the cork instead. The pourer doesn't do much to aerate the wine, so I find that claim misleading. It does decrease the flow into a thin stream, so it's easier to pour carefully. But it's also easier to spill when you're stopping the pour because the lip can overextend the glass if not careful.Ultimately, it seems like another gadget which will sit unused in the drawer.
There are some aspects of this mixer that I like and some that I don't.  The mixer itself is very powerful, so powerful that using a slow speed is not really an option.  The lowest speed on this mixer is roughly equivalent to the medium-high speed on myProctor Silex 62509R  5-Speed Hand Mixer, White.  I attempted to mix cake batter on Level 1 (low speed) and had to repeatedly turn the mixer off and then back on quickly to keep from slinging the batter out of the bowl.The dough hook attachments were a pleasant surprise.  I don't bake my own bread anymore but decided to try mixing cookie dough with them.  I was impressed with how quickly the hooks cut into the slightly softened, not melted, butter and mixed the dough evenly and consistently.The one feature I love is the retractable cord.  With my other hand-held mixers I'm always wrapping and poking the cord trying to get it to stay neatly around the mixer for storage.  So far the retractable cord has pulled out without any problems and is easy to retract with the push of a button.  That feature alone should be standard on all mixers.This mixer is quieter than myProctor Silex 62509R  5-Speed Hand Mixer, White.I have now used the mixer for a variety of tasks and I have rarely had to use any speed above 1 which leaves me with the one question I would use in determining whether or not I would buy this mixer: If I am using a hand-held mixer for non-commercial (home) settings do I really need a mixer with this much power?" Personally, I do not and as much as I love the retractable cord feature I wouldn't choose this mixer again.
The big drawback to this mixer, as others have accurately pointed out, is that even with the lowest setting - it just blasts too much power.  The other big drawback is the eject button isn't very good and takes a few times to get it to work correctly.But I do LOVE the retractable cord.  I do LOVE the extra attachments.  I love the comfy handle grip.  These are very cool features.  And this unit isn't priced above other 250 watt handheld mixers, so it is reasonably priced for what it is.Whether this is right for you or not is going to depend on what you use a mixer for primarily and if you mind a mixer that has a lot of power and not a lot of subtlety.  The price is right for sure if that doesn't bother you.
Pros:> Burst of speed works - but the lowest mixer speed is high> Good for whipping egg whites> easily stored (compared to stand mixer)Cons:> Overpowered for most mixing jobs.> Short cord> after 1 month's use, the cord no longer fully retracts.  You can still wrap it around the mixer - like I did for my old mixer.> Dough hook is not really useful for mixing bread dough> Not ergonomic AT ALL - the mixer body is heavier than is comfortable to hold and mix for more than a few minutes (5 minutes max for me).No, I wouldn't recommend this mixer.  I have had good luck with other Oster products, but am disappointed by this one.
The nice thing about this mixer is that you get three different types of attachments with it, a whisk, the regular beaters, and bread hooks (which I haven't tried yet - to be honest, not sure what recipe I'd use these for, but I tend to mix bread dough by hand if I bother to make it at all). The mixer is fits the hand well, and it does pack a lot of power - the only negative about it is that, as mentioned, it could do w/ a more variable settings of speed as it's more of 'fast, faster and fastest' than 'low, medium, more medium, etc.'. I suppose if you're looking to get things mixed and mixed well, this is a good mixer for you! The 'bonus' attachments and the retractable cord are very nice features, and more speed is better than less when it comes to these types of appliances, I suppose. Just don't make the mistake of pulling up the beaters when the mixer is still turned on....
This is a good way to help the environment, save money (especially since k-cup prices have gone up), and use your own coffee (like buying it at Costco). It's certainly not as convenient as using actual k-cups, but it's not as much trouble and waste as brewing a regular cup of coffee the old fashioned way.Tip: We weren't happy when we ground our own beans with a cheap blade grinder. We bought a "Bodum Bistro Electric Burr Coffee Grinder" and it made a significant difference.I've also tried the Solofill and Keurig My K-Cup. I give the Solofill 3 stars because two silicon o-ring seals have broken on 2 units and I had to order more o-rings from the Solofill website. Over time, this will probably happen to you too if you use the Solofill a lot. Also, on one of my Solofills the cap broke off from the weak hinge and I had to trash it.The Ekobrew recommends using a standard sized grind, which is nice since you can buy coffee pre-ground if you want. The Ekobrew is also the easiest to clean, and can hold more coffee, though it recommends to fill to 2/3 to 3/4 full (which should be plenty). It also has a flat bottom so it can sit upright.I give this unit, the My K-Cup, 3 stars... it's a bit of a hassle to use & clean compared to the Solofill and Ekobrew... I recommend the Ekobrew Refillable K-Cups instead unless you have a unit that it's not compatible with.
I own the Keurig mini (it's the cheapest one available) and this filter came with a package deal. While it works just fine, produces a decent cup of coffee, and is easy to clean, I have one major gripe with it. It isn't easy to remove the standard fitting (used with pre-filled K-cups). It requires a certain amount of force from the bottom of the coffee cartridge and I am always nervous about causing permanent damage since the Keurig is for all intent a plastic machine. Subsequently, I am finding myself using the pre-filled K-cups more fequently because I don't want the bother. My husband feels the same way. Substituting cartridges is a pain. Otherwise, the filter is useful.
Sure wish the good folks at Keurig could figure out how to make this thing work. I just ordered the Ecobrew version - you don't have to take out the inner mechanism on your Keurig for theirs like you do with the K-Cup. It was on special for 43% off so well, hopefully, I will get something that doesn't resemble a gnat's urine instead of coffee! No matter what we did, the grinds always leaked into the coffee cup AND all over the inside of the machine. Went back to my wonderful Caribou K-cups and have resolved that unless this new one works, I'm going to have to keep polluting the environment until they come up with a solution. I only use my Keurig now about 3 times a week to keep from dumping all those packages into a dump.Just and FYI - the instructions on this say to just rinse the cup in the sink and the grinds simply come out. Well, don't these people know that YOU CAN'T DUMP COFFEE GROUNDS DOWN YOUR KITCHEN SINK! IT WILL CLOG IT! Geesh! That's as bad as trying to put broccoli down your garbage disposal. Come on Keurig!
This work fine. The problem is the flavor. We have tried our regular drip brand it just tastes awful through this. We have also tried some premium and flavored coffee's. While better, no where near as good as the pre-made k cups. I think it has to do with the size of the grind. The pre-made k cups were designed for and tested with these keurig machines and so have been perfected. No matter what grind we used it was no way near the quality of the k cups but the smaller the grind the better the results in our testing.You may like it better than we do, but the main reasons we don't like it is because it's a bit messy and the quality is not good enough to screw around with it. If you spent over 100 on a brewer a 45 cent k cup should be a non-issue.
I bought one of these reusable filters with the intent of using some of my favorite Starbucks blends with my Keurig Coffee Maker. Although it is easy to use, I found it a bit too messy after just popping in a K-Cup for over a year.It's doable, don't get me wrong, but I think I'm just spoiled with the K-Cups.
This product is a nice idea, but I doubt that I will ever really use it.  It takes away most of the CONVENIENCE that owning a Keurig provides.  Basically, it is too much trouble.  However, it does provide you with the opportunity to save a lot of momey by using your own ground coffee.
I bought this as a gift and I have to say it's...fine.  I mean, it's as advertised - a trashcan that, when equipped with four D cell batteries, will open with a wave of a hand.  After a time (or when you push the 'close' button) the lid closes.  There's a filter in it to help absorb funky odors.  And I do appreciate the collar on the top of the can that keeps the trash bag in place.Honestly though, I wasn't sure what this accomplishes.  There's a gee-whiz factor, definitely, but to me I don't get the concept.  If I have a free hand with which I can wave to open the lid, why couldn't I just, you know, open the lid?  If I don't have a free hand, there are trash cans out there with foot pedals that open the lip.  True, I don't get it I guess.The can itself is constructed pretty well and I have no issues with build quality.  If you like the gadget factor of a trash can that opens when you wave at it (or walk by it, or stand next to it...), then this seems like a good one.
I purchased this trash can to deter the dog from digging in the trash can. For that purpose, it has worked out really well. There are a couple of things that I don't like about it, though, that have rendered it &#34;just okay.&#34;1. The sensor is hard to activate. Everyone in my family had trouble with getting the trash can to open except for me. They'd wave their hand in front of the sensor and it still remained shut. When just walking by, it would open right up. After a week, it stopped opening all together and you had to push the button to get it to open.2. The opening is very small! Like paper plate size. The trashcan fills up really fast, too, even though it's exactly the same size as our last trash can. It feels as if I'm going through trash bags almost twice as much as before. Not sure if it's because you can't really compact the trash into the bag or what.I'm still okay with it, though, as it has kept the dog out of the trash. For that reason alone I give it three stars.
I don't have complaints about the functionality of the corkscrew, but people should be aware just how heavy and clunky this opener really is.  Mine will probably only get used when someone else opens the wine, since my small, semi-arthritic hands don't handle it well.  And as others have stated, it comes in that AWFUL packaging that seems meant to frustrate the heck out of anyone trying to open it.  OXO, think about putting this one in a box.
The device is well designed - like you would expect from OXO.  However it is made of cast zinc and then shiny plated.  If faced with a really stubborn cork I don't know how well zinc would stand up - better, worse or the same as steel.  I don't know about the coating either.Design and materials aside, if I were shopping for a corkscrew I would pass this  by.  It comes in one of those hard plastic clamshells that only open if you take industrial tin snips to it.  I don't buy stuff packed that way.
Tovolo Groovy Ice Pop Molds, Set of 6These are very large ice pop molds! I mixed a 2 cup batch of Jell-O gelatin, and 4 of the 6 molds used up all of the Jell-O mix. Once frozen, it takes a bit of effort to remove the popsicles from the molds. The trick is to use hot water/warm water to separate the popsicle from the mold, and then to twist/flex the handle across on the flat parts of the mods. After a few tries I got the hang of it. These are dishwasher safe and BPA-free, which makes it a safe choice. Try not to overfill the molds because the popsicles can be hard to chew/eat towards the base of the handles. The handles are cupped to catch any dribble, but the center portion is long enough to prevent once from easily eating the popsicle at the very base. I had to use a spoon to help me out.UPDATE 4 APR 2013:One of the handles broke clean off. It is difficult as it is to remove a popsicle from the mold, and it doesn't help when the plastic is so brittle.Overall: 3/5 stars, I am impressed with the sheer size of these molds, but the handles are very weak and tend to break very easily. I recommend thawing the popsicles as much as possible before trying to extricate.
This stainless model cuts easily and effectively, but doesn't necessarily cut what you want, i.e. it makes great slices, but they may include core.  I could see the value of a tool such as this, but didn't care for the plastic version because the slices were ragged and thin, and it was too hard for me to turn the tool, so I switched to this stainless version.  It does resolve the problems of the plastic model: it cuts much more easily; cuts thicker slices; and you get a cleaner cut so the slices look more appealing.  That said, directing the core part of the tool directly down the core of the fruit has eluded me so far.  It starts out properly centered, but invariably goes off at an angle despite my best efforts to keep it centered, so the lower slices are edged with hard, inedible core and good fruit is left in the remaining shell.I generally go for smaller pineapples, so the smaller diameter of the slicer on this tool isn't a problem for me, but not being able to pop a wedge into my mouth and expect to be able to eat it, is.  Too many pieces have to be surgically separated from the core part or left half eaten.I used to 'take down' a pineapple with a chef's knife.  I had little waste and clean cuts, but unevenly sized pieces; still, I wonder what I've saved with this tool.  I will continue to work to master the technique and leave the core behind, but I'm not sure the simple method wasn't the best after all.
I found this to be too short to use.  I couldn't get a good grip and felt I would cut myself trying to peel things.  It's flimsy and just cheap quality, but that is to be expected for 5 dollars.  I ended up just throwing it away and buying aOxo Good Grips Swivel Peelerfor slightly more and like it a lot better.
I bought this mainly because it was purple and a great price. It is ok, but nothing spectacular and honestly, I thought it would be a bit better quality. The body of it is rather thin and easily bendable. I find that I like using my other peeler better because the straight up and down design is easier to use and the thinner, rounder handle is a lot more comfortable. The handle on this one is wide and flat and just not as easy to work with - it takes a little longer to get the peeling done.
while it does help keep  you cool....the effect really has only lasted about 10 minutes for me.  I have tried soaking it in ice water, placing it in the fridge. but the same time frame happens.  However, I am truly grateful for those 10 minutes of cooling in the garden.
I workout every day and 3 days a week, I hike in a park AND I'm having some personal summer issues ;) so i need a great way to cool me.  This is just ok.  When I put it around my neck, it doesnt' feel cool, it just feels wet and kind of body temp.  I even tried keeping it in the fridge and when I put it on immediately, yes it's cool but after a few minutes, it feels like my body temp and then feels warm and wet.  I havent' found a cooling solution yet...I'm still going to use this in the cooler temps.  I think it will feel cooler with cooler air hitting it.
The "Cool Downz Cool Down All Day" doesn't do what its name implies.  The cotton scarf is about an inch thick and ties comfortably around the neck--the print is cute and worked well for the 4th of July.  However, after following the instructions and soaking it in cold water for about fifteen minutes and then following this up with a stay in the refrigerator for about two hours, the cool sensation lasted for less than fifteen minutes in the heat of New Orleans.  The first fifteen minutes, the scarf worked as suggested--but "all-day" forget about it.  The gel, that expands when wet, just could not stay cold in the heat of summer when needed the most.I ordered this scarf to use during a run lasting about 1 hour, but unfortunately, it did not do the trick.  This might work if used for long periods of yard work or a picnic scenario where access to ice and cold water is available.Bottom line? The "Cool Downz Cool Down All Day" Scarf works for a short period of time--less than fifteen minutes--and this after keeping it in the refrigerator overnight.  Wish I remembered the name of the scarf that I purchased through QVC that did allow freezing, as that item did stay cold during a long fishing trip during a humid summer.  Recommended only for yard work or short walks.Diana Faillace Von Behren"reneofc"
One of the problems with products like this one is that they use hyperbole and over-sell what it does. Any talk of this being a personal cooler or being cold will mislead what it is capable of. This is essentially an evaporative cooling device which works the same way a cold compress on the head would work (or a wet shirt). The main difference is that this has crystals that turn into a gel when you soak them in water to stop them from drying out as fast as a cloth. When anything damp is pressed against warm skin, it will cool the skin. That is what this accomplishes and it does a fine job of it, but you are essentially wrapping something wet around your neck or head all day. If you touch it, it will not feel cooler than a wet rag.So, this is a useful item and it does work, but it's not going to necessarily cool you down in a strong fashion. Also, the current Amazon price of $6.99 is pretty high for one of these. You can find them on sale at many other places for quite a bit less including as little as $1 (though you may need to buy a six-pack for that low price, you'd still get more for nearly the same price as one purchased here).If your'e going hiking or in the outdoors, running, etc. and you want the benefits of evaporative cooling, this is not a bad item to have around, but it isn't going to provide strong cooling. It will provide modest, consistent cooling. That's not a bad thing at all, but it's also not a strong effect. I've read that the best use of these is for people who suffer from migraine headaches of a type which benefits from cooling. In those cases, it is easy to wrap around your head (the design is good for that) and it helps to refrigerate it (the instructions say not to freeze it).
Cleaning air the 'ionic' way has the advantage of never requiring 'filters' and devices such as the Ionic Pro or the Ionic Breeze work just fine without a fan. The energy consumption is minimal, the operation is perfectly silent and the maintenance requirements are far from demanding. The airs flows gently through the electrically charged collection blades and any particles, including bacteria, end up on the blades and the air gains some negative ions that make it smell fresher. The 'not so good' part is, of course, Ozone. On the Pro you can still get the smell of 'fresh breeze' (is that supposed to be bad?) if you stay right next to it but it's a lot less than what I remember the Ionic Breeze used to produce.Way back then, some time ago, we used to own a Ionic Breeze Quadra. It was great while it lasted but it didn't last for too long. It went 'kaput' after a couple of years. Being a Sharper Image product, the Breeze was quite an expensive appliance so we didn't replace it even though we absolutely like the 'ionic' concept of air purification.Now, discussing Ionic Pro, I like what I see so far, especially when compared to the Breeze model we used in the past and I believe that this one is going to last longer for a number of reasons.- The collector blades are very easy to remove and clean. Unlike the Breeze that required to almost take the whole thing apart to get to the blades, this Pro has a lid on top of the unit. You simply remove the lid and pull the blades out.- The blades appear to be more solid and durable than the Breeze's.- Unlike the Breeze, the Pro shuts down by itself when 'dirty'. I remember that the 'clean' indication for the Breeze was it getting noisy. The Pro stops and there is a 'clean' status light.- The Pro has an additional, built-in cleaning brush - you simply slide a rod up and down - for the wire mesh.- The manual for Pro offers better advice on maintenance, emphasizing how important it is for the blades to be perfectly dry before resuming operation.- Getting this little model will save you a lot of money when compared to the largerIonic Pro TA500 ionic Air Purifierif you need it for a small room.In addition, the Pro features one-button operation that allow you to select one of two performance levels and, like I said, it shuts itself down when the blades need cleaning. Recommended maintenance is 'once a month' or whenever the 'clean' light lights up and you do NOT have to let the blades dry for a day if all you do is wipe them clean with a damp cloth. A few hours should be enough. You do have to let them dry for longer if you do a thorough cleaning involving washing the blades and the exterior of the body with detergents.Now the so-called 'FREE Car Ionizer'. It would be an easy one-star if I had to review it on its own. Its collection blade is about the size of a small postage stamp, meaning that it's about 500 times less efficient that the already small Pro CA200 model, there is no way to clean the blade and, most annoying feature of all, it requires that you manually turn it off whenever you stop the car or it may drain your battery. Overall, it does more potential harm than good. I had it in the care for one trip and felt no difference whatsoever in the air quality. Probably because the car's fan recycles the air inside 1000 faster than this little gimmicky 'free' thing does.I like the Ionic Pro and I am unaware of any defects at this time. I will come back and update this review if and when it stops working. This would have been a five-star rated product but I must deduct a star to account for the outrageous marketing campaign (late night infomercials?) making impossible to prove capabilities (kills 99.9% of all germs) or even absurd claims such as it cleans all air in a large room in about one hour - I didn't watch them on TV but I saw them on Youtube. An additional star is deducted for the completely useless 'free' in-car ionizer. Whatever it is that you are getting for 'free' is completely useless. Great product, annoying marketing.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;
I was really excited to get this ionic air purifier for review as we had somehow lost our Ionic Breeze over the past few moves.Pros:+ Completely quiet+ Dust particles are getting attracted to the metal tubes as expected = it is working.Cons:- Excessively bright LED. We had to cover it with duct tape in order to leave this machine on through the night.- Small capacity and low flow so there are not as many dust particles being attracted to the rod as our larger Ionic Breeze.Overall a good buy for what is does, but I would recommend getting the larger size.This package also contains an Ionic car purifier and so far, after a month of use, it does seem to slowly remove the smell of take out food.  Again, the results are not instantaneous as this unit is extremely low flow even for the small confined interior of a car.Note: This is the updated version of the Ionic Pro CA200-B which had problems automatically shutting off for no reason, and had the indicator light blinking for no reason.  So far, after a month of use there have been no problems, but I will report back if they arise.
That really sharp knife could cut off a finger. That no-carb sweetener has sickened rats in a lab. Should we even talk about that popular home weed killer?Looking at it that way, the health concerns expressed by Consumer's Union, the EPA, and various state Health Departments as regards Ionic air cleaners/purifiers (sometimes referred to as "ozone generators") seem a little less dire. Proportionality provides context: I've lived in Los Angeles, for example, with ozone levels that are decidedly unhealthy. This unit puts out less than 50 parts per billion (to cite the Ionic Pro's literature) and that's pretty insignificant, compared to many other brands, or many a hazy metropolis. Okay to use, right?Maybe. But in light of my own cost/benefits analysis, I'm shelving it. (Excepting the rare occasion. See below.)It does seem to purify and "freshen" the air pretty well, in an enclosed space. Actually, I didn't know ozone smelled like that. (I've long known that the big copy machines produce their share of ozone. Okay, well, I guess that other smell is *toner*.) In a big, open space - and our home has a pretty open floor plan - don't expect it to snatch and snuff out all those lingering odors from that big fish fry. Now if you have the litter box off in a little room unto itself, there would be a setup more condusive to effective use (at least for odor control).A household comprised only of very healthy adults might assess the risk differently than myself. But in my home there are kids, there's someone with occasional respiratory issues, and even though living with an ionic air cleaner may not comprise anywhere near the magnitude of the risk of living in some high-density basin where sucking on exhaust fumes is a way of life, this is not something I can see using except - possibly -- on a limited, as-needed basis. "Cousin Joe who smokes came over and stunk up the guest bedroom" kind of exigencies. Maybe I'm overzealous, but considering the number of regulatory, health and consumer agencies that don't like ionic cleaners, I don't want to take the chance.One other bit of minutia: remember the Sharper Image, that icon of `90s tech-obsessed yuppie consumerism? They settled some nasty lawsuits (one against them, one filed against Consumer Reports BY them) over their "Ionic Breeze" a few years back.  Media sources report that these legal expenses contributed to Sharper Image's 2007 bankruptcy and closure of their retail outlets.Envion, the company that makes the Ionic Pro, has anticipated potential claims issues by including a binding arbitration agreement in the manual, which they hold as accepted by the consumer if you don't return the Ionic Pro to them within a specified period. Not that such agreements aren't common today for many a consumer product, but Envion has gone so far as to print that agreement again on a stand-alone sheet that is packaged with their Ionic Pro.
This unit does admit some ozone,that seems to be still a controversial  issue.The unit does clean the air and removes smells associated with animals etc.I cannot endorse it because it is possibly detrimental to those with lung conditions .I am a bronchial asthma person,and any complications scare me.The unit has a nice design,and the blades you clean are an alternative to buying hepafilters.It includes a car filter which may appeal to a buyer. .I have a family member who swears by his,but my health caution will not let me run it.This unit will not remove animal hair,but is good with dander etc.My honeywell unit does it all and is a different technology.
Kitchen gadgets are great for reducing the time it takes to prepare food and the Vidalia Chop Wizard Food Processor is one of many time- saving devices that make it easier to slice and dice food. Cutting onions into hundreds of small squares is easy with the Vidalia Chop Wizard Food Processor and it is also very useful for certain other foods such as pears, potatoes, and more. The sharp, stainless steel blades chop food into uniform pieces, saving much time and effort.The Vidalia Chop Wizard Food Processor doubles as a quick measuring tool and this fact adds convenience. Once you have pressed the food through the blades, all you need to do is lift the device and turn it upright. You can then view the amount of food by looking at the cup and milliliter markings on the sides of the base. This eliminates the extra step of measuring the chopped food in a measuring cup.Probably the greatest disadvantage with the Vidalia Chop Wizard Food Processor is the fact that it comes with only two blade inserts. For more experienced and more creative chefs, this isn't going to be nearly enough and it greatly limits the chopper's usefulness. Also, one needs to remember that certain foods require a much harder push than others, to pass them through the blades. Often, it will be necessary to cut up food into smaller pieces first, making the device less convenient than it would otherwise be.Vidalia Chop Wizard Food Processor is dishwasher safe and it does come with a special cleaning device to make it easy to help with the process. Unfortunately, the claw- like cleaning aid is quite limited in its usefulness. It is better than nothing, but I find that I often need to reach for a butter knife to dislodge the bits of food.So how does the Vidalia Chop Wizard Food Processor stack up overall? Well, it is a decent kitchen aid and a tool that I find fairly useful for simple chopping jobs. It is completely manual and it takes a good push to chop certain foods, but it is still better than no assistance at all. It makes a good choice for the casual cook who needs a little bit of help from time to time and doesn't mind having the limitations that come with such a basic device.
I loved this thing so much I went through 3 of them (granted, it took years) before getting a clue there may be better products out there. It works well until the blades dull (they dull quickly with daily use), the lid breaks (user error) or the plastic pronged cleaner falls apart - is very thin and does NOT hold up so do not put it in dishwasher and do not lose it. After my third Vidalia chopper broke, other choppers were purchased and/or gifted that just did not work as efficiently so the search continued. Amazon does sell a better chopper that works on the same premise, so check out that one before investing in Vidalia again.
As others have said, the interior being made of stainless steel is the winning feature of this unit.  Had Cuisinart invested as much into the ancillary parts, they'd have a winner.  The control panel is definitely "old school" and reminds me of the 1990's look.  Many of the parts such as the latch, hinges, feet, and such are plastic and fairly cheap plastic.  The unit does seem noisier than some models, but that is subjective.  So long as the door isn't slammed often or man-handled in some way, it should be fine.  I am worried when I see truly visible parts are of a lesser quality, whether things like gears, axles, and actuators internally are also of lower quality.  Seems strange to me, as I have several Cuisinart products and none of them have any cheap features or parts.  The unit is made in China, so maybe the unit was ordered with one set of specifications, and China shipped a few thousand units with the wrong parts or materials.
This looks nice and performs it's function well for the most part. Our only issue was that a ring fell off the bottom in the first week.  The rest seem sturdy enough. An annoyance, not a deal breaker.
A FUN AND UNIQUE way to display a variety of K-Cups ..... especially for guests.  It gives you an attractive and convenient way to offer a "choice" of varieties.  Unfortunately, the carousel does not "spin" as easily and effortlessly as I would like, but it is acceptable.  I would still buy this item again.
I've had two of the these in the last two years. On the plus side, this is an inexpensive and fairly attractive appliance and the plug-in base is easier to connect than a separate cord. Ergonomically, the design makes it easy to fill, turn on and off and clean and the whole thing is faster and easier than using a stove to boil water.The major drawback is that the auto shut-off is extremely unreliable - I didn't even realize it existed on the first one because it never worked. If you leave the kettle on when the shut-off fails, the handle gets extremely hot. Eventually the first kettle starting to emit a smell of burning plastic and finally the base stopped functioning completely.I contacted Aroma about the first kettle which they offered to repair if I paid for the shipping - but for a thirty dollar appliance, it was easier to buy another one. The second kettle has been working well for a week now without any apparent problems so fingers crossed. I can only hope Aroma has fixed the faulty shut-off sensor.
I got these to hang a smallish picture that I just had framed for my kitchen. I realize that I should have read about them more thoroughly before I ordered. Somehow I was thinking these would be some kind of a hook type thing. They are actually velcro strips that attach to the frame and the wall. All in all I have to say it is one of the dumbest ideas I've ever seen for hanging a picture. Four points of contact instead of one. Granted it is secure, but a royal pain to install.
I've used 3M Command Strips of varying sizes and with and without hooks for a couple of years now, primarily with a decent amount of success.  I've actually used some with hooks to hold up a few heavy seasonal decorations with no problem whatsoever.  When I was offered these medium picture hanging strips via Amazon Vine, I jumped at the chance to use and review them.I have to say that I'm a bit disappointed.I've used four sets of the strips so far and of those four, two worked just fine and two failed.  I was hanging up four very lightweight photos (in the cheap-o plastic frames) and followed 3M's directions to the letter.  Two of the photos are still on the wall.  One of them fell roughly two hours after being hung and the other fell the next morning (resulting in a cracked frame).  The adhesive simply didn't take hold.I could write it off as wall conditions, but all four photos were placed on the exact same wall.  The only difference was location.  This is the first time that I've encountered this problem with Command Strips, so I'm a bit surprised.I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say that I just got a bad batch of strips.  However, I can't say that I would fully recommend this purchase.  If you do buy the strips, do as I did and hang something on them that's cheap and easily replaceable.  If it holds, consider hanging nicer photo frames on them.
OK, there are a million pro juicers here who can tell you all the reasons this type of juicer is best, another million who can tell you why a SLOW juicer like the Champion Brand are best if you want leafy greens juiced. My only experience until this week was with an OLD 15 year old juicer we paid about $70.00 for that took about a grocery CART full of fruits & veggies just to get a 12 oz. glass 1/2 full!As a result, we used it one time and set it out in the garage until I finally sold it for $20.00 last month. But I saw a Jack La Lane infomercial and came to trusty old Amazon.com to see about trying again since these NEW juicers get more juice (or DO they?). I start reading and see so many more people liking this particular brand over Jacks model so then go to YouTube sniffing around. I take A MONTH DECIDING and bought this juicer from Amazon directly. Used it for just 2 days so I have no way to tell you about how it is best or worse, how it is changing my life, or anything earth shattering.But I DO have something I CAN tell you. I don't even want a beer anymore. And I like beer. A LOT!!!! I haven't even tried any of the GREAT selection of included recipes that came included with the juicer. I just tossed in about 4 carrots, 1 small pear, 2 pieces of celery, 2 small red apples and it made over 16 ounces of juice! Blows my old mind (short trip). The weirdest thing of all to me at 60 years of age is I HATE carrots. HATE them. ANY form, hate them. Now, I can't get enough. And even weirder, I wasn't able to even eat any breakfast as I was too full. I don't remember anyone saying juice would fill me up. Usually if I had a V8 it just made me want a beer to go WITH it.So all the expert juicers can decide which brand is best, which style is best. For my recreational use and for my being able to EASILY take it apart and fully clean in 10 minutes (and I am disabled, no, NOT from the beer!), I do a very rare thing. I give this a 5 star rating. As my experience with it grows, I will update this review as required as to reliability, stamina etc. My last and only prior juicer was such a nightmare to clean AND use, got NO juice, it makes this nothing less than shocking. To have so much juice, so much GREAT flavor, almost fun to operate and clean, who knows.....I may just end up skinny & healthy. But then after today's tomato. celery & zucchini with onion experiment, I can see myself wondering what a little Vodka might do for a little added flavor? Probably lucky for me that the only alcohol I ever liked was beer......If I get into this in a big way and discover I like leafy green stuff juiced, and find this will NOT do that well, I will find someway to go the BIG bucks for a slow turning juicer that does that type juicing best. Heck, maybe I can recycle all my old beer cans to pay for it? Can't believe it took me 60 years to find a HEALTHY way to get juiced._______________________________________________________2 week update. After using this twice a day some days, once per day everyday for over a week I have problems. One, we have now ruined MORE than the cost of our juicer is clothing stains from flying juice and "pieces" no matter how careful we are. It also has the dreaded "pulp trapped inside the seam between the clear part and the grey plastic" problem. I have tried to no end to contact the manufacturer. On hold with voice mail for over 1 HOUR, then instructed to leave my phone number to have them call me back=NEVER did. Sent email=NO response. Will SADLY now request a return from Amazon on this product I first loved but now is a problem as well as a health risk. I will also buy a juicer with a warranty LONGER than just ONE year. I tried to revise my 5 star rating but Amazon does NOT allow me to do this. I would drop it to 2 stars IF I knew it was not a serious health risk due to the hassle with NO customer service in my case. If I knew for sure it IS a serious health risk, I would drop it to NO stars. But then Amazon will not let me do this either.....1/23/2009 UPDATE:This juicer has been returned and I have now owned the new Omega 8006 for a few weeks. Did a FULL review at Epinions of it. What an amazing difference.1 YEAR 2 week later update:The Omega Model 8006 is still being used as well as a L Equip XL Wide Mouth Mini Juicer. Still lost over 50 pounds, STILL haven't had or even wanted a beer in over a year. And both of these models are easy to clean and trap no unhealthy food particulate in any crevices etc. Tried & true good solid juicers being used daily.Mike2 Year Update:  Just sold the L Equip. Probably (well "maybe") going to sell our Omega Juicer as well. Been using a Vitamix 5200 the past few months also. I know it isn't "real" juicing since I also eat the entire product. But for quick & easy, saving 70% on the fruits & veggies, making soups etc? I just got lazy I guess? But to get an idea, go create my meal, clean up & be sitting at the table in 5 minutes? What would ANY lazy old goat like me do? Oh, and for what it's worth, it is now over 2 years without a single beer.....____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Update after almost 4 years.Never sold this juicer. Even though out Vitamix is a daily workhorse there are still times we use this for juice with NO pulp. As rare as that is, we just find it indispensable for when the mood strikes....For serious juicers, I have found a website that offers the BEST info anywhere. Even though I buy from Amazon (on a daily basis for ALL my needs) I get my best guidance on the latest products from [...]John Kohler who owns that company also has a Youtube site and recently showed an all new Omega Blender he feels will be a Vitamix killer? Well maybe not....[...]Hope all this has helped. Vitamix just announced yet an all new model that will not require hearing protection like my 5200 does too. And the beat goes on!Mike
I purchases the Breville BJE200XL at the same time I purchased the Omega 8004.  Some people wanted to know what the difference was and so did I.The Breville is very fast and does a nice job. It is more than half the cost of the Omega. So if you want a fast juicer for a nice price this is your model; but I did make a test and want to share it with you.I purchase the Omega 8004/6 (the 4 is the white model and the 6 is the black) and I also purchased the Breville BJE200XL Compact Juice Fountain 700-Watt Juice Extractor. I wanted to know finally which one was better for me.I did a test on both models. I took almost half my usual veggies divided them and weighted them. They were exactly 13.8 oz. each.I took, an apple,half a cucumber,half a zucchini squash,two kale leavesand a small handful of cabbage cut up.I ran it all through the Omega 8004 first. Everything went smoothly I was relaxed and did not feel rushed I enjoyed the process of cutting and masticating the vegetables.I then went to the Breville, you do not have to cut the food as small as with Omega but I must tell you one thing. You must be quick to open the shoot and throw the food in fast and close the shoot on the Breville. I got very tense when using this I fond the food flying out of the top especially with the cabbage. I am not exaggerating, remember I bought both and wanted both to be good.Yes the Omega 8004 was slower but I am relaxed and I do not have to clean up the cabbage and some other little veggie pieces that is on the floor.I looked into the bins that hold the debris and the Omega 8004 is almost completely dry and everything is chewed up fine. The Breville is wet and there is a lot of whole pieces of food in the bin.I poured the juice into identical classes to compare them. The Omega was almost foam free where as the Breville had a significant amount of foam on top. Which by the way I do not mind... I put the glasses side by side and found that the Omega had at least 1 ounce more juice.Remember I made two half portions so if I had made an entire portion that meant the Breville was 2 ounces less than the Omega. That to me is significant. Organic veggies are not cheap and to waste two ounces of juice per serving at the rate of 2 per day for a week that is 14 ounces of wasted juice a week.Now the cleanup. I laughed when I opened the auger on the Omega the screen is so small cleaning was a breeze. The auger on this model has been improved so it is 8 times stronger than the ones a few years ago if that is a concern after reading some reviews. If you get the black auger it is the strong one the white one is the old one. It took me one fourth the time to clean the Omega as it did the Breville. The Breville had a lot of micro mesh I hate cleaning that it is a pain you must use a brush to get it out and you better do it before you even think about drinking your juice or it will set in and dry there and you will never got it out. I know I had a model years ago I gave up on it.So you spend the time on the cutting for the Omega but you then would spend the time cleaning the Breville. So time really is not an issue..theBreville is a powerful juicer and only juices.The Omega serves multi purposes:I can grind herbs.I can make garlic and onion powders.I can make coconut milk and coconut oils.I can shred coconut to dry for cooking.I can also make healthy frozen deserts from fresh frozen fruit.I can toss in single grapes without it flying out of the shoot.I can grind nuts for nut betters like peanut butter for the kids without oils and additives.I can grind coffee.I can make pasta with several different sizes there is even one for linguine and angel hair.I can even extract juice from Wheat grass, that cannot be done with the Breville.I can even make nut milks like soy, almond and coconut.I do have both but I am not sorry I did buy both. As you can see with all the extra things you can do with the Omega as opposed to the Breville which one would you buy?This is not to say that if you are just looking to juice fruits and vegetables really fast and then spend the time on cleaning the Breville is for you. As for me the Breville will probably wind up in the juicer graveyard...
For me, I didn't really like this towel. It looks good but isn't that useful for me. It was too heavy, big and bulky and not all that absorbent.  I like a towel that I can dry off with and then use to wrap around my hair while I get ready.  The towel is way too heavy to use as a hair wrap.But if I was going to the beach and wanted something to lay out on or for the dogs to lay on, it would do okay.
Why only 3 stars? It's not that there's a fundamental flaw with the product. However, this isn't a "home run" or "5-star" item. It's a salad spinner. It spins by pushing a plunger rather than turning a crank. This is an improvement, because the crank-style has you fighting to keep the lid on while spinning. The plunger puts your force into keeping the lid on as well as spinning.The steel body is nice, but the real working parts of this item are all still plastic. Being metal outside will help it not break if you accidentally knock it in the floor, but you can still break the inner cage by being too rough with it.The brake is a simple push-button and is effective, but not instant. It will slow down the spinner and bring it to a stop. That's a sign that it works.I've used it to dry cooked broccoli as well as salad, and it seems to be fine. I see that other reviewers have had theirs break---I haven't had that happen, but I've only done small batches.My take: this is a product that does what it should. The internal parts are plastic, which says to me "not lifetime durable," and could break but mine haven't. The steel bowl is sturdy, but if you use it for a non-salad use (like spin-drying cooked items) the steel will conduct the heat, so be careful.I've got several other OXO items in my kitchen, and this seems on par to quality to the other items I have. Worth owning.
We have been using a pull-string Zyl*** salad spinner for several years and it still works great even though it is 100% plastic. So how does this Steel-Series spinner from OXO compare? Unfortunately, I have to say that it's a bit disappointing. The benchmark for a salad spinner should be how dry the salad is, and in this regard, our existing one compares very favorably with respect to OXO---no matter how hard we try when pushing, it's still not spinning fast enough. True, this one has a metal bowl and it is easy to clean, but what good is a salad spinner that leaves your salad wet? Perhaps you also intend to use it as a mixing bowl? As many reviewers have pointed out, the spinning mechanism is still plastic and is prone to break. So if you get this, be prepared to use it as a mixing bowl in the long run. The high price is not helping either... our 100% plastic spinner costs less than half of this. Sorry, OXO. (Disclosure: We received this through the Amazon Vine program.)
This is a great alternative to the OXO spinner with the the plastic body. The spinning mechanism seems a little different but I haven't owned it long enough to find out if it's just as reliable as the other OXOs (some reviewers have had reliability issues).There is a 50% price premium and I probably wouldn't have bought it myself if this one wasn't provided for evaluation purposes by Amazon vine. What I like the most is that the bowl is usable as a salad bowl and since we eat salad at every meal it saves us from getting another bowl dirty. And it's a lot more presentable than a plastic bowl.If you've got the money to spend on something like this then I can easily recommend it. Otherwise the OXO Plastic Salad Spinners will give you exactly the same functionality without the serving potential.
I got this exact salad spinner from Williams Sonoma as a gift and it was the same price as listed here. $50 for a salad spinner is silly and this doesn't last.The top cracked very shortly after I received it, and after 2 yrs of the crack getting bigger, it finally broke apart this weekend.  I think $50 for 2 yrs of use is ridiculous.It's a nice large size, but the bowl jams easily if it spins too fast so that when you press the stopper, it can dislodge and lead to cracking of the top piece.I've used several spinners over the years and the plastic ones crack faster, but I expected more from OXO.
I purchased this because it got such rave reviews vs. other cherry pitters.  I've never used a cherry pitter so I cannot compare it to any.  I  would think that a 5 star pitter would do a efficent job.  I would say that this worked about 70% of the time at removing the pits.  Sometimes it seemed to just push the pits to the side of the cherry & I had to squeeze out the pit (so my fingers got a bit stained).  I could feel it hit the cherry pit but there would be no extracted pit!  I find this much easier & quicker than pitting by hand of course & I don't regret buying this. Clean up is very easy & it has a little tab that locks it closed which is a convenient feature. If this is a 5 star pitter by other reviewers than I would hate to ever encounter a lesser rated pitter, they must not work at all!
Initially, this seemed like an excellent knife. The blade was so sharp, and it did a decent job not sticking to food. The balance was decent, though it seemed to lack the heft I enjoy in my other knives. After only a few weeks, the blade no longer passes the tomato test, crushing them rather than slicing through the skin. It is dull. Quite dull. Did I put it in the dishwasher? Nope. Nor did I slice anything I shouldn't be slicing. I don't recommend this knife; my old ones feel sharper than this one, and they have been with me for years.
This coffee mug does one thing stunningly; better than any other coffee tumbler I've used... and that's it keeps the drink hot - and does so for hours!Unfortunately, my coffee is already piping hot and I'm kind of used to the cooler temperature it eventually gets to using an inferior insulating mug. What I mean is, that on my ride to work the coffee is actually still too hot to drink and stays that way for quite some time. It's almost over engineered and that could be a plus in your case, but it's a minus in mine as my commute is only about twenty five minutes. My only alternative would be to pour the coffee into another container earlier in the morning, let it cool a little then pour it into the Contigo.My next issue is the autoseal. Don't get me wrong, it does what it says on the tin, but the mouth piece is 'weird' and it's hard to get a good sip of coffee. It's almost like drinking out of a soda or beer can, and it's just something I'm not used to. The seal and button is very good though and there's zero chance of spillage, so if your ride to work is a bumpy one this could be a definite plus.So I guess it depends on your needs. In my case, a short trip to work doesn't really suit this mug in my opinion, but if you have say a long, bouncy subway ride then this could be perfect.Nice design, good functionality and fair price. I just can't rate it highly for my needs. Your mileage may vary.
I bought this through HSN and fortunately took advantage of their liberal 30 day return policy.My expectations were that this steam cleaner would gently distribute steam mist on my hard surface floors, remove dirt, sanitize and dry quickly without streaking. As per the video presentation, there would be no excess puddles of water while the steam was distributed on the floor's surface.The instructions stated that I was to fill the water chamber with distilled water, allow the unit to heat up, and then pass the cleaning pad over the floor while dispensing the steam mist. The cleaning pads were microfiber and supposedly didn't need to be changed frequently, though I was provided with a total of four pads that could be tossed in the washing machine after use and had a long life span.I depressed the steam dispenser. I depressed it again. It was still bone dry. I repeated this process many times over until I saw that it was getting wet. It started to work, but I had to make many passes for it to completely clean. By the time it actually seemed to work the mop pad was soppy. Water was being deposited alright. It was leaving puddles of water. It wasn't drying in a snap. And it didn't dry like it did on tv. I tried this several more times with new dry pads and it still didn't work any better. As for the steam, it seemed sort of non-existent.I thought that possibly I might have not been using this properly, so my sister decided to use it on her floors and had the same  less than stellar results.There was one other thing that I didn't like about this product. It has a charcoal water filter that has to be replaced periodically that isn't cheap and not readily available locally.I still don't know if this unit was defective or if this was normal operation, but it didn't perform as promised. I don't remember if it was approved for use on laminate flooring, but the results I got suggest that it could damage a floating floor installation or a wood surface.In the end I settled for a Haan steamer and it does a great job and I am very pleased with it. It works like the Bissell was supposed to.
I had seen the live demo of this mop on HSN. They cleaned every type of floor and decided that I wanted it. I checked Amazon and it was cheaper plus I have Prime which gives me free 2 day shipping. I bought this to make cleaning hard wood floors easier but I don't think it is really meant for them.While it did a great job cleaning and left no streaks, it left the floors very dull and hazy. It took the shine right out. I had to re mop all the floors again with my trusty old Swiffer. It did a good job on my bathroom tile floors, but i'll just use it for them and go back to my Swiffer for the wood flooring.
We've been using this for a quite a while now (about a year) and I'm totally converted to the joys of a steam mop. Our home has no carpet and the vast majority of square footage is stone tile (slate). The steam mop cleans better than other option I've found and it's lightweight, dries quickly and, if used correctly, won't streak. No harsh (or expensive) cleaners to buy either.Steam mopping is THE best option I've found (and I've tried a LOT of things) to clean hard surface floors, quickly, easily and completely. The floors must be swept/vacuumed first but, after that, the steam mop is far easier, cleaner and better than any other type of mop.My complaints with is particular model are twofold. First, and foremost, the steam temperature is not actually hot enough to sanitize. You must hold the trigger for steam to come out and, when it does, it's basically lukewarm. Most steam cleaners produce steam almost double the temp of the Bissell and therefore work better and faster.The other big gripe is the accessories needed. We go through a water filter (not cheap) about every two months and--this is the worst part--the dedicated cleaning clothes just don't hold up to wash and use. I do have rough floors (natural slate) but they're not too harsh to walk on barefoot, but do in a cleaning cloth in one or two uses, at most. I also need to change cleaning clothes midway through my house, because after a while the cloth sucks up the dirt and will streak the floor.I'd say, in a year, we've spent as much on replacement accessories (filters and clothes) as we did on the mop ... which is why I'm currently researching other models. I'm sold on the steam mop concept, just not so sure the Bissell is the ideal fit, though other than the above gripes, it is still going strong 11 months after purchase.
I found out, as expected, cotton will, and does, shrink during washing/drying. Although not as much when washed in cold water and if dryer temp. isn't hot.There are a lot of reviews for this tablecloth, on the net, and I found there are complaints about shrinkage (also about receiving the wrong item). I, however, received just what I expected, and free for the purpose of review. But, it happens that I don't wash anything in cold water; it's just not efficient, or economical, washing one item. And it isn't worth the effort, for me (same policy regarding drying). So it's warm or hot only. And I ordered this "DII 100-Percent Cotton Fabric Tablecloth" understanding that it would be somewhat smaller after being laundered; 10% smaller, in fact.The tablecloth I received is cotton, probably 100% too, and it's of a nice weight with an ample, well stitched, 1 inch hem all around. And the colors didn't bleed during laundering, but, it bothers me that the advertised size is stated without mention of it not being preshrunk. And anyone might miss the small typed washing instructions on the back of the 3 1/2 inch paper that holds the tablecloth neatly; as I certainly could have, but, after a wash and dry it fits nicely my 41x61 inch table with a 4 inch drape either side of the length; more on the width sides. It didn't need any ironing either.
I got this steamer because I wanted something more manageable than my full-size professional garment steamer, which works great but is a pain to get out and set up.  This Rowenta IS1430 is compact, it heats fast, and it's reasonably powerful though not as powerful as a professional steamer.  On the down side, you need to get used to the way it emits bursts of steam with pauses between, which definitely lengthens steaming time.  This steamer also leaks somewhat, though this is not a huge problem for me because I do all my steaming in a tiled bathroom with the garment hanging from a clothes-drying rack fastened to the wall over the bathtub.
For work and for home, I use several different models of commercial/industrial garment steamers.  One of the many brands we use is Rowenta.  When I saw this compact model, I thought that it would be a step above the travel handheld steamers (at the very least it has a larger water reservoir) that the sales staff use for our wholesale roadshows.  So far, this machine has performed as expected for me in the showroom and at home, however 2 of my wholesale staff that borrowed it have reported that it was fickle to use.  I am currently testing it again at home to see if it really is the machine or maybe just a combination of several factors that make garment steamers fickle.These things affect the performance of ANY garment steamer:1) Water Quality: If there is hard water in your area, a) deposits will cover the heating element affecting how the water is heated, b) hard water deposits will gradually cover the holes and steam and water will spit out the end c) there will be a film covering the interior.2) cleanliness of your machine.  The machine needs to be rinsed and cleaned regularly and allowed to fully dry dis-assembled.  Otheriwse algae and other things grow in the residual tap water, again blocking holes, affecting performance and even staining clothes.This is how to clean a garment steamer:1) After each and every use, pour out all remaining water and allow all the parts to dry completely before re-assembling the machine.2) Depending on how hard the water is in your area, pour a white vinegar & water mixture into the water tank to help dissolve any mineral deposits every week to 2 weeks.  Then run the machine on clean water until the vinegar is flushed out of the system.The best water to use is distilled water, but in all honesty who does?  Best to care for one of these as you use it.So far, this machine has performed as expected. It is better than the dual voltage travel handheld machines found in travel stores but is below that of the commercial machines you see in retail shops.
I recently moved to Texas, and I had a number of sport jackets which were crumpled during the move.  They've been in my closet for months now, and it's only recently that the weather has warranted any kind of jacket.  I wasn't sure how to go about getting the wrinkles out of my nice suit jackets, until I came across this thing: a clothes steamer.  I'm a stickler for ironing, and I iron my work shirts and slacks each week.  I thought this device would allow me to straighten out those top coats as well.  It sort of does.  And bottom line is I don't think this is worth it.-----1) FUNCTION:  It's easy to use; pour in the water and plug it in.  The unit is small enough to barely fit into my kitchen sink, so I don't need to use a cup to pour water into it.  It comes with a metal hook thing you hang over the door.  That metal hook holds the business end of the steamer, and it also holds your clothes hanger on which your clothes are already on to be steamed.  This metal hook thing isn't so great:  one of the foam stickers that are on it to prevent it from touching the door fell off easily, but I was able to stick it back on.  Also, and this is my main issue, when you hook the steamer end onto this thing, it isn't stable at all!  A couple times mine "jumped" off the hook - it's just not a stable hold!  I don't trust it at all.2) PERFORMANCE: After you're setup, you plug it in and turn it on.  There's only and on/off switch, and no way to change the amount of steam.  You really need to be careful with this device:  The steam is super hot and if you're trying to hold your clothes so that you can get at them with this thing, chances are you'll get burned!  (I did!).  Also, don't touch the hose at it becomes SUPER HOT too!  You have to only hold the big plastic end of this.  And again, with the clunky holder not doing a great job, I was always afraid of getting burnt!  The length of the hose is barely adequate, as it almost didn't reach far enough so that the end of the unit would hang correctly.  My doors are no taller than yours, so I thought this was strange.  I took out my favorite coat, a winter-weight sport coat.  It had some large wrinkles in it, and after a few passes with this thing, it did seem to release them.  Not super-great, but good enough so that I can wear it in public.  I also ran this over another light-weight coat, and my winter coat (Wool pea coat) and it did seem to make a difference.  Where the downside came was when I decided to steam a light-colored coat.  This didn't seem to be able to get the wrinkles out at all, and in fact dragged a TON of dark lint over from my other coats.  That was a pain to deal with.3) FUNCTION 2.0:  There's no way to know when you're out of steam.  There's no alarm, no sound, you just have to look and see if any more steam is coming out, which is dangerous to do since it's HOT STEAM.  I think I ran out of water?  Who knows.  Anyhow I turned it off, let it cool down, then unplugged the hose and emptied out what was left of the water.  Went back to the hose and there's a puddle on the floor.  Nice.  The hose keeps residual steam in there and it just poured onto the ground when I was done.  I cleaned that up and tried to wrap the hose around the unit.  This was an exercise in futility, as the end of the unit kept popping off the side no matter what I did.  I got so frustrated trying to wrap this up that I just threw it on the ground and left it there.  It's still in my kitchen, a big mess of wire, hose and unit.-------Overall it kinda does a decent job.  I noticed a difference in my darker-colored sport coats.  But that one lighter one it didn't make a dent, and it's so flawed with the hose that wants to jump out at you and the spilled water on the ground that I'm hesitant to use it again.  That's a shame because I was really looking forward to owning my own clothes steamer.  Maybe someday I'll find a real nice one that has better functionality.  This one is strictly amateur hour.
I've had aSteamfast SF-407 Fabric Steamerfor the last three-and-a-half years, and I actually prefer the Steamfast one to this Rowenta one for several reasons.As other reviewers have mentioned, this Rowenta steamer doesn't put out a continuous stream of steam, and this is the main reason why I prefer the Steamfast. The Rowenta will send out steam, but then "rest" for about fifteen seconds at a time, which slows down the steaming process.It also leaves your clothes very damp, to the point that they feel almost wet.  Steamers are supposed to create dampness and you're supposed to leave your clothes hanging to get all the moisture out  before you put them away in your closet, but this creates so much steam that it leaves your clothes too damp.It is a nice little compact system, and I like how easy it is to use. The price isn't too bad and the hose is long enough that you can do pants and dresses easily.  That being said, you can get the Steamfast for the same price and without the difficulties that this steamer has, so I would recommend the Steamfast over this one.
I was excited when I saw this in the Vine newsletter. I was traveling to Florida last weekend and wanted a travel steamer to take with me for the trip. For pros, this is complact and attractive and does create steam (although not consistently. I am rating this as three stars because it had a propensity to leak (thank goodness I wasn't using this on silk). I was disappointed to say the least and although it did the trick on the few pants and shirts I had, I had them spotted with water (but fortunately did not stain anything when it dried).
I expected this to be small like the size of an iron as the product name suggested, but it's not that compact in my opinion. The size is slightly smaller than my other steamer from Conair, and this one is not designed with wheels and metal bar.I tried to steam some wrinkles on a couple of shirts, coats, and pants, and it worked OK. I like that this steamer came with some accessories like fabric brush and lint pad, and they are useful. Yet it wasn't that easy to remove the wrinkles satisfactorily. If I compare to my other steamer, this one does the job, but not effectively.I also found a couple of things I'd like to mention. I don't know if it's normal but the steam was also coming out from the `emptying outlet' on top of the tank. Also, I saw some steam was leaking from the area where the hose and the tank was connected. This leak is probably not usual, I assume. However, I was disappointed the most by the inconsistent steam coming out. I filled the tank with tap water so the water level wasn't the issue, but the steaming frequently stopped during usage. Again, I am not sure if that's the way it is for this steamer, but I wasn't able to finish one shirt without stopping / waiting for a couple of times, which caused me frustration.This steamer is designed smaller than others, which seems convenient, yet the build quality is not that great (parts are assembled rather quickly than carefully, in my opinion), and its functionality is just ok for one or two quick steaming.
I have a large stand-up Conair steamer and hoped this Rowenta model would be more convenient to use (I often forego using the Conair because it's a hassle to get it ready). I much prefer the steamer for my work clothes as ironing can often leave shiny &#34;imprints&#34;.I steamed a dress and then the steamer sort of stopped producing steam. I turned it off and turned it back on and after a few seconds it worked again. This cycle continued. I saw others mention a &#34;resting period&#34; so that's probably what it was but it doesn't make it any less of a hassle - my Conair does not have a &#34;resting period&#34;.The steamer also spurted water as I was using it and I almost burned myself on several occasions.
I've been using this heater for a year and it still functions ok. The problem with this heater is that it will only work efficiently on the lower heat levels(which only produces moderate heat good enough for small spaces).When I switch to higher levels, it starts to overheat quickly and gives off a gaseous odor(which doesn't happen on the lower levels). Also this heater is quite noisy. So I would say if you only need to heat small spaces and require moderate heat, then this machine might work for you; otherwise it's best to look elsewhere for a better performing heater.
Useful and strong in smaller than average room spaces but definitely not going to keep you warm in winter unless used in conjunction with oil or gas heating sources. It's bare bones with simple dial temperatures and on/off switch.  This heat or lasted two winter seasons before copping out so buyer beware.
I originally intended this container to store beans, or ground coffee. It does have a nice lid and appears sturdy. Then the thought of watching the see through plastic get tainted with ground coffee, made me change my mind. Now it still holds a large amount of ground coffee, but the coffee is covered in a ziploc 2 gallon bag, to keep it nice and clean. I am sure it can be used for a number of practical chores but it is still a tall order, sort of like xtra large. 3.5 Stars.
This storage container is great it's just a bit smaller than I would like. I would recommend a bigger one.
Edited to add comments after 6 months of use:I took off a star as a result of using after 6 months only because of the following things that became apparent only after several uses:1.  I would not recommend this to anyone that has young kids, primarily because you need to have everything picked up off the floor.  Unless you know the floor will be free of clothes, books, toys, etc, ahead of time, the scheduling is not possible, which kind of defeats one of the greatest features.2.  This does about half as good a job as I do when I vacuum, which is just "OK".  Also, it can't vacuum stairs obviously so I still need to vacuum behind this most days, again, defeating the purpose which was hopefully to reduce my vacuuming.3.  If the bin gets full while vacuuming, you are going to be SPREADING dirt and dust everywhere, especially, when the unit transitions from two different heights (like from a hardwood floor to a rug and vice versa).4.  Needs thorough cleaning after each use, and to do this PROPERLY (have heard of others who burned their motors out because they didn't do a good cleaning job after each use) it takes several minutes, versus NONE for the traditional vacuum.Overall, I guess I would only recommend this to certain people...those with mobility problems (though again, you still need to lean over to pick the unit up to clean it every time), those without small children (stuff on floor), and those with relatively large, flat room/home layouts.  Not the greatest unit for a split level for instance.Sorry about the inconsistent tone of this vs original review, but I was initially bedazzled by the technology I think.  In practical day to day use, for MY conditions, not so great.  I certainly look forward to later generations of this after some improvements, however.  We will get there!****************As much as I hesitate to give anything 5 stars, this Roomba has certainly earned it, I have to say.  I got an amazing deal on this via Amazon when they had them on lightning specials right before Christmas (I just got lucky and was looking at the right time, they all sold out within a few minutes).  So my perspective is perhaps a little more forgiving than some here who paid $150 more than I did for the same thing.So, right off, if you love or even like or are impressed by technology, this little robot will probably put a smile on your face more than once as you watch him go about his business.  Probably make you shake your head in amazement more than a few times.  I sure would not have wanted to be an early adopter for this line, but as this is the...what 5th gen Roomba (?), it seems they have perfected it and accounted for almost any...obstacle that could be encountered.  Everything just works, and the first time I watched the little guy wheel around my kitchen, I kept starting after him, first, when I expected him to fall down the stairs, and then a few times when I expected him to get tangled up in stuff (lightweight rugs, christmas tree skirts), and each time my anxiety was put to rest as he VERY competently handled every situation not only without damage, but while doing his job of cleaning!  Amazing.  I think you just have to see this thing to really appreciate the tech at work here.So aside from the admittedly massive novelty factor...most importantly, does it actually CLEAN?  Yes, yes it does. MUCH better in fact than I expected.  You MUST clean it out after every use though.  I have heard of people that don't clean the hair around the wheels and probably burned the motor out.PROS:1.  By far the best thing about this is its agility...it can get to places I can't with my Miele, and switches to carpet/rug mode on the fly, another thing I can't do when I manually vacuum.2.  Cleans well considering the size.  I was shocked at how well this cleaned, as I was expecting "stick vac" level cleaning, but noooo.3.  Not just for cleaning while you are gone...sometimes I will be putting up dishes or making breakfast, and let him do his thing at the same time...makes me feel like there are two people working in the kitchen at the same time!  Awesome awesome awesome.4.  &^%@#$%^ing cool.  That is all.CONS:1.  So cool to watch, your productivity might go down.  One time I suddenly realized I was WATCHING something vacuum my floors.  WTH?!  GO DO SOMETHING HUMAN! :)2.  Depending on how dirty your floors are, will probably require cleaning/emptying after EVERY session.3.  Lighthouse function not exactly easy to understand (but the forum on iRobot's site has a huge post on it that explains it well:  [...]4.  Cost, if you paid full price (or even close to MSRP.Because of the way my house is laid out (split level), I was not sure this thing would work, but what I do is use him downstairs where we have the most SQ FT in one level...the two floors above, including my kitchen and main bedrooms, are probably a little too small and crowded for most effective use (although it certainly works, and I have tried it in both floors above).If your house is relatively cluttered, it may  not be a great idea to get one of these.  Again, I think they do better when given more open space to deal with (certainly a lot faster, but that would be true with a non robot vacuum as well) :)Easily 5 stars, and highly recommended to techies and non techies alike.
I've had mine roomba for almost two years. My home is completely hard surface floors and I think the roomba is perfect for this task (as a "sweeper", not as a vacuum). I am glad I have this machine and I would buy it again, BUT I have replaced nearly EVERY part on it over the course of the past two years. Thankfully, I purchased mine at Costco and all of the parts I have had to replace have been handled under the excellent Costco/iRobot warranty. Still, this level of maintenance/parts replacement is not what I was expecting and lowers my "value" perception significantly. I would say that the main cause for all this wear and tear is hair. Human hair and pet hair alike. If I did not have the better warranty (free with purchase at Costco), I would give this machine a lower rating due to the frequent and significant expense of replacement parts. However, having said all of this, I will likely be purchasing a new Roomba (at Costco) to replace this one soon. And yes, the old one can be returned for full credit.Was this review helpful? Please vote.
Here's the thing... This is not something I would buy for myself as the NEED for it does not exist.  It is however one of those fun items I wouldn't mind giving or receiving as a gift.  It works well and makes delicious hot chocolate, but I can make the same hot chocolate on the stove and dirty one less dish.The Pro's:  Blends the chocolate nicely, plunges easily.  The pitcher makes the chocolate easy to pour as opposed to the normal way I do it straight from the pan.  Makes an eye pleasing way to serve guests hot chocolate.  Makes a fair amount of chocolate at 1 liter capacity it serves a little over 4 cups.The Con's:  Some chocolate remained melted and stuck to the bottom.  The metal top got a little hot as I was plunging.  I never got the 'froth' I was supposed to achieve and I plunged till I could plunge no more.Bottom Line:  You can get the same results, maybe even a little better, using a pan, the stove and a French whisk.  If you have a large kitchen just begging for empty space to be filled with products, this is for you.  It's an attractive, efficient, yet useless kitchen gadget.
Bodum has tried to simplify our age old treat with this hot chocolate maker! The product, just like the picture is aesthetically pleasing and very easy to use. It's silent, mess free and also easy to clean. So what's the problem you ask?Firstly, to make the kind of foam shown in the picture, you would have to whisk for quite a while with a lot of patience. The reason I know this is because I was at it for quite a bit but didn't get close since my arms were hurting by that time! Secondly, I'm not sure if this product is exclusive eneough to buy at this price since my battery operated frother does the same with no effort on my part. The glass pitcher is microwaveable and very good quality but I'm still not convinced if that justifies the cost of this product which makes you do all the hard work!
Form/Design- 'A' - This is an attractive little pot; it's sleek and well-designed. All the parts can go into the dishwasher and the pot can go into the microwave.Function - 'B' - The pot is large enough to make cocoa without a mess; the whisk mixes the powder efficiently, but I had problems getting foam.Value - 'C' - It's a nice little pot that can be used for other drinks and would make an effective presentation for guests.  But the cocoa that I ended up with was no different than the cocoa I'd been making with a cup and spoon.And there's the ever present issue of 'where do I keep it?'btw, We foam our milk for coffee and mix our cocoa with a little hand-heldmilk frother that works much better than this.
A kitchen scale is very, very important to me. I roast my own coffee, and precise measurement of the green beans is essential to achieving consistency between roasts, so I was very happy to see this scale making a Vine appearance. It's a very attractive scale, with a nice glass weighing platform that screws onto the body. My primary scale, an  EatSmart Precision Pro, has just a plastic platform. That doesn't make a difference in function, but the glass is quite pretty, and can be removed for cleaning. It's powered by 2 AA batteries, and can switch from between kilo and lbs measurements. Comparing it to my Eatsmart, which has been calibrated, it is pretty accurate - both scales show the same weights consistently. But there is one important difference - resolution. The EatSmart shows fractional weights to 2 decimal points, the Soehnle only has 1. Not a huge problem for many, but it is less accurate if you want to get very precise. Another problem for me is that there is no way to display just ounces - once it goes over 16, it shows you 1 lb + ounces over that. I prefer to see the number of ounces at all times, something the EatSmart can do. Switching between metric.English scales is cumbersome, since the slide switch is under the machine. If you don't need the added resolution or easy switching its a decent scale, but while it is certainly attractive and accurate, there are just too many negatives compared to other units available at lower prices.
I only gave this 3 stars because I want to draw attention to what I think are design trade-offs, but I should say that it seems to weigh *almost* as accurately as things in this price range do. However, I think the pros and cons suggest alternatives, unless size trumps other issues:PROS:1) Small size: If you have significant space constraints, and don't need to weigh things that are very heavy, nor need other than OK accuracy, then this is a good scale. It's compact and attractive, and will eat up less counter space.2) Good price (at around $30).3) Easy to clean well. Because the circular glass comes off the base easily (they arrive separated), it's very easy to clean the scale thoroughly. That's a nice feature as most others are designed such that cleaning the edges where the platform has a gap with the base is much more tedious as the platform and base don't separate.CONS:1) Notice that the only support for the glass platform is in the middle. Most of these 'strain gauge' devices have square platforms and while they aren't supported at the corners (or at least not the 3 I have or had), the support point is thicker than on this one. I don't know if that's the reason, but the Polder and the OXO I currently have are most sensitive to small changes in weight. For instance, I weigh coffee beans each time I make coffee. I use about 3.3 ounces and I notice that the other two are quicker to register additional beans changing the weight. And by 'quicker' I don't mean in terms of time, but the number of additional beans it takes before the weight shown changed.1) This has a weight limit of slightly over 4 pounds. That's Ok for most use, but less that some others.2) I find a square platforme easier to work with.3) I like nice large LCD's because the numbers are easier to see, especially if you have large container on the platform that blocks some light.I haven't had this scale long enough to judge how well it holds up. I have two other scales, both of which I prefer more than this one:A Polder scale that is nice because it has nice large digits, and an OXO scale that has a light and the display section pulls out a few inches if need be so that you can see it better. The Polder was about the same price as this Soehnle, and the OXO was about $50. Granted, the OXO is much larger than this one, but the Polder isn't.
I was very excited to be able to try out this scale and give my feedbackPros:* Nice, clean appearance* Glass sits up and off the unit so that it is a little easier to see the measurement.* Very accurate (I tested it with two other scales and it was dead on)* Tare function* Normal Double A batteries (thank you!)Cons:* Still a little hard to see if you have a larger bowl on it* Totally dislike that if you go over 16 ounces, you have to read ounces and pounds.  This may not bother other folks but if you have a recipe that states 24 ounces of liquid, it's a bummer to have to calculate that that equates to the 1 pound, 8 ounces showing on the scale* Please move the toggle on the bottom to the side of the unit.  It's a little ackward having it on the bottomOverall, a very solid scale.  Even with the cons, I would recommend it to a friend.
I am an avid baker, so a god kitchen scale is a must for me. This scale was provided to me by Amazon to review, so I put it through its paces, next to my current favorite, theOXO Good Grips 5-Pound Black Food Scale with Pull-Out Display. Overall, it does a decent job, but there are a number of things the Oxo does better.1. I like the pull out display on the Oxo. While the LCD on this one is usually visible enough due to the weighing platform, with really large boxes, it still gets covered up. The Oxo has yet to meet a box big enough to cover it when pulled out.2. The lb/kg switch is on the bottom rather than on the top with the Oxo. If you do a lot of baking, this is REALLY annoying. It should be on top for easy access.3. No display light. The Oxo that I have includes a light when you are using it in a dim room. I don't need it often, but it's nice to have it from time to time.4. Size. I personally don't keep my scale out all the time, and the Oxo is a flat, compact scale that goes away in the cabinet taking up very little space. This scale with the glass platform on top is much harder to put away due to its height. I also question the use of glass, just seems like more potential to break should something fall on it, or it get dropped. If you keep your scale out all the time this may not be an issue, but I just find the design more problematic in general.5. Low weight limit of around 6 pounds. I use my oxo scale regularly to estimate postage as well and it goes up to 11 pounds. This scale has too low a limit to be a particularly good choice if you ship stuff a lot, and want to use for that as well.For all these reasons, I simply can't recommend this scale. By itself, it does a decent job, it's accurate and works well enough. I've just used other scales that I think are better.
About eight months ago, when I decided that I needed to lose some weight, I purchased theEscali Primo Digital Multifunctional Scale, Blackto assist me in that endeavor. I've lost 21 pounds so far, and the Escali has been indispensable. The Soehnle Siena reviewed here, is a good scale, but I don't think it is as good as the aforementioned Escali, unless your priorities are such that its strengths are important to you.To assess accuracy, I used both scales in parallel for a while, and I can report that they were always within 1 or 2 grams of each other. If either were inaccurate, they would not likely be inaccurate in exactly the same way, so I take this to mean that both are reliable in the weights they return. Furthermore, removing an item from either scale and then replacing it, restores the original weight exactly--another assurance of accuracy. They both offer essentially the same functionality, so they are equivalent in that respect as well.I feel that this scale falls short in two extremely important ways that add up to a deal-breaker for me.I find that in using my food scale to weigh out my meals, I am very frequently changing units between ounces and grams. On my Escali, this is accomplished by pressing a button on the scale's top surface. On the Soehnle, you must turn the scale upside down to access a slide-switch on the underside in order to change between units. This, in my estimation, is an unnecessary nuisance that could have been avoided in the design stage by positioning the switch on the top surface or, at the very least, on the side.Furthermore, my Escali offers three choices for units: grams, ounces and pounds+ounces. The Soehnle has only two: grams and pounds+ounces. If you are working in pounds+ounces and you have a recipe that weighs 1 pound and 5 ounces that you want to divide into three portions, the Soehnle requires you to first convert to ounces (16+5=21) in your head before you can divide by 3--another nuisance. The Escali just displays 21 ounces with a push of the Units button on the top surface.There are some important pluses for the Soehnle, however. First, it is very attractive. If you have a stainless steel kitchen, this will look wonderful sitting on your counter. Although I am not one, I know there are lots of folks for whom this is a major consideration. If you are one, add back a star.Also, the Soehnle's LCD display is tilted and therefore easier to read compared to my Escali. If you've been frustrated with a scale where the display is hidden when you weigh things using a dinner plate, this feature could merit the return of another half rating-star.It should also be mentioned that the Soehnle is clearly well-made and solidly built, whereas the Escali is lightweight and plastic. Another half rating-star returned, if this is something you find important.One last point. If you are swayed by the appeal of buying a scale from a highly respected European manufacturer of weight measuring devices, be advised that this item is made in China.As with most things, value is in the eye of the beholder. If the Soehnle's strengths are sufficiently important to you, they can make it a five-star product.
For this review, I am comparing this Soehnle scale to the popular EatSmart Precision Pro which I also own.PROS====+ Accurate and consistent (multiple readings of same item give same weight)+ Auto-shutoff+ Tare support+ Easy to read displayCONS====+ Unit switch from grams to lbs is under the device. Really...+ Only supports two units, lbs and ounces+ Glass surface -- how does that help?+ Max of 6 lbs 9 ozNote, Amazon's product page says only 4.4 lbs, .04 oz, but the actual product and product manual say 6 lbs, 9 oz.  The display actually will show up to at least 7 lbs, 5 oz for me, but I'm not sure how accurate the scale is after passing its noted maximum.Although this scale is good, feature wise I feel it is inferior to EatSmart's product and it is also a little more expensive.
Regardless of the price asked for toasters one thing is apparent the last decade or so: It is difficult to find a quality toaster. Most of them, as others have states, seem to be made to fail or made to under-perform. One advantage to the Hamilton Beach toaster is the price is low. With the latter in mind, do not expect much other than it will function to toast bread.Have you ever bought appliances at a low price and been surprised that it performed well enough for you to forget about wanting to use a higher end product? Or that the product you bought, while the 'lower end' type was simply more flimsy or not made as well while keeping the 'functions' in tact? Those rules, if you have ever experienced them, do not apply here and certainly, from my experience, do not apply to toasters.[---Review---]Where the 'price' comes in with the Hamilton Beach is that you have heating elements that light up however you will usually have to 'guess' each time you use the toaster what level it wants to perform on. Meaning, what was once the '3' setting may be the new '2' or the new '5'. The price advertises this type of inconsistency.Performance: 5/10Uneven and lighter on the outer sides. Good enough for toasting and eating bread where you won't be appalled at the creation being done however, it will not be perfectly golden on all sides.Toasting length is longer than average and this will 'pop up', not slide out, when done. If you are toasting smaller sized bread, you will have to grab the pieces after it is finished.Look: 7/10Stainless Steel with Blue LED. These types of appliances are starting to arrive in ubiquitous territory though they are that way because consumers want it. Goes well with modern kitchens as long as noone actually picks it up as it is, like the price suggests, a little flimsy. The blue LED is not bright to be distracting and is nice to have, and as I said not clashing with modern kitchens.Heat: 7.5/10Sides of this toaster do not get burnable hot, they do get warm. For sensitive hands, and children, I would suggest not having them touch the sides (something to note if you are worried about this). It will not, however, burn them instantly. Decent heat dispersion here.--------------------Inexpensive toaster, which is what type of performance you will receive. For those looking for a quick buy that does not lower the funds too much, it is not a bad purchase and, with the trend of all toasters being taken into account, it does not get much better the higher you go up.
At first I thought this would look really cool on my counter. But it's so cheaply made, I really don't love it. It doesn't have a good low setting, which is important to me. I have to pry shorter foods out of the toaster, which is always horrible for any toaster. You don't want to make sticking a fork into a toaster (always unplugging, of course) a habit. Other than the spacey blue dial, there is nothing special about this at all.
These are decent quality shrimp shears for the price.  They are a tad bit light weight, but then if they do the job, I guess they don't need to be heavy duty.  If you have alot of shrimp to peel for a party, it sure pays to have a pair of these, because the tips easily get down under the shell and in one snip, it's super easy to remove it.  The only reason I gave them three stars was because they are light duty, but if you want a pair of these and don't want to spend alot of money, I would recommend them.
These seafood scissors are not especially well-made...just don't seem heavy duty and ready for cracking open crustaceans as the primary function. The curved design is OK for snipping along shrimp for deveining but for smaller shrimp the blades are too wide and you will do better with finer tipped shears or a knife. As for crabs,there are better implements designed for cracking hard shells open. Search "crab cracker" or "seafood cracker" on Amazon and you will see tools better designed for this purpose. If you prepare a lot of shrimp this tool may be useful to you... but any competent shears or careful use of a knife will do nicely as well. This is not a gadget I feel I must have... it is just OK... and fun for "gadget fans".
For shrimp, these scissors are just an extra thing to clean.  I find that shelling and cleaning the shrimp is much easier with some pulling and a knife.  These scissors cut through the vein so the cleaning part is more exhaustive with these scissors.However, the cracker near the screw side of the scissors works well for crab.  The scissors are dishwasher safe, but I am going to use my knife when prepping shrimp.
My springform pans were getting a little old, so I jumped at the chance to test this one out--and I loved the fact that it came with a lid. Unfortunately, I didn't love it.The first thing I noticed was that there were no instructions included. Sure, you could tell the gist of it from the box but I like actual instructions.At first, I was excited because the springform was attached REALLY tight--which meant that there would be no chance of leakage. However, that was soon to be disproven...as soon as I tried putting the springform back on (after washing it), I noticed it was MUCH looser. No, it didn't come off, but it did spin freely around the base. Uh oh. I made a batch of brownies (which has a really thick batter) and it leaked out. Not a lot but it did.The pan did cook well, and the brownies came out just fine. I couldn't bring myself to use a knife on the pan, even though it said it was okay. The pan also fared well in the dishwasher (I did hand wash the lid and the ring).Overall it's a nice pan but I certainly don't think it's worth the current price (just north of fifty). And when you factor in the lid is just a lid and NOT a carrying case...well, this is only worth three stars.
I have never had a springform pan so was excited at the chance to try this out. I got right to work making a cherry cheesecake, see my photos above. The rim hold very tight and there was not a bit of leakage. The rim releases easily and there was no sticking to the sides when I lifted it as shown in the pictures above. I was so happy that is was a carrier also. NOT! I was taking this to a dinner at my neighbors house. When I locked the twist lid on I had my doubt as to weather it would hold. It looked to me the rim was not wide enough. I thought well it's a review so go for it. I walked next door and it held. When I handed it over to be put in the fridge by my neighbor as he was lifting it the whole bottom fell off and cheesecake was everywhere. So much for it being a carrier. We looked it over taking the lid on and off and you can just lift it off every time in the locked position.I think the idea and the bottom of the pan is a 5 star item. The carrying lid is a 1 star thus my 3 star rating. It has a 5 year warranty made in Germany. I may just try contacting them. I came no instructions in the box just what is printed on the outside. I will use it but I will NEVER again try to carry it by the handle. The price would be fine if it had a working lid. If I find my was defective I will come back and let you know. So my advise don't buy for the carrying feature. Buy for a great springform pan. Easy to clean and very durable.
Out of the box, the steamvac comes mostly disassembled.  It took me about 20 minutes to set up fully.  The user manual was rather thick.  Considering how straightforward steam cleaning is, I had to marvel at the added complexity of this supposedly superior steaming device.  Don't over steam.  Don't make too many passes.  Use only the specified ratio or cleaning solutions.  Etc. etc.Pros:- It definitely sucks out some soaked in dirt and stains.- Carpets dried fairly quickly after the cleaning pass.- The upholstery brush is great for spot cleaning areas like car trunks, etc.- Knocks out odors.Cons:- HEAVY.  I mean, if you have weak wrists, fuggedahboudit!  Lugging it around required some muscle.  And it's only harder when the tanks are full.- Leaks after you turn it off.  There were consistent wet spots and puddles on the floor after I "parked" the steam vac.- Takes a lot of effort to really purge soiled carpets.  You can easily spend 30 minutes doing just a 10x10 room.- Feels "cheap".  Paying this kind of money, you'd expect it to not feel like it's going to fall apart if you kick it by mistake.- Hard to clean.  Cleaning all of the various components is a pain.Overall this thing has its uses, but there's definitely room for improvement.
I was very excited at the prospect of having a carpet cleaner that would steam clean and at least use hot water to clean the tough spots on my carpet. Unfortunately, the "SteamVac" doesn't do that. It doesn't heat the water that is being used on the carpet, nor does it produce any steam. It does blow hot air onto the carpet, though I'm not sure how that assists in cleaning the carpet.I have a small front room, empty of furniture for the moment, but with several stains and high traffic dirt in the main walkway. I used this room as my test area to see how well this carpet cleaner worked. Below are my findings:Pros:* It is easy to use and set up based on the enclosed instructions.* The machine is very sturdy and will withstand the test of time.* The spin brushes seem to loosen the dirt and the suction does a good job extracting the water from the  carpet. I could see a lot of dirt coming through the machine with each suction and when I dumped the used water it was filled with gunk.Cons:* The machine leaks water when it sits for a bit. I had been cleaning my carpet and stopped to answer the phone. When I returned from my phone call the machine was sitting in a puddle. What a mess!* It isn't heated cleaning! When I returned from the phone call and started cleaning again I realized that it was just cold water going through the unit. It didn't heat or steam the water at all! If you want hot water with your cleaning, you have to put hot water in the unit initially and clean before the water cools down. This is tough because it takes a while to use.* My spots remained on the carpet. If this would have been a true hot water/steam cleaner I think those tough spots would have been removed. Others have posted that they have gotten spots out of their carpets with this machine, but they are also doing some intensive spot treatments.* The attachment is difficult to use on the stairs. This was a real struggle and didn't seem worth the effort.All in all I was a bit disappointed in this machine. I was hoping it would have performed better on some of those trouble areas.
The "SteamVac" trademark for Hoover's line of carpet cleaners has misled many people, including myself, into thinking that this carpet cleaner is a steam cleaner. To clear any misconceptions, this unit doesn't in fact produce any steam. Actually, it doesn't even heat the water in the tank even though Hoover -- thanks to its marketing wizardry -- seems to suggest so on the product page by stating "heated cleaning that is applied directly to the floor." The *only* heat it produces is the hot air it blows on the carpet. Hoover, you're full of hot air!Pros----- Sturdy, Rugged DesignThis unit is built like a tank! I got this unit just prior to moving out of an apartment and into a house. We've put it through its paces and it's held up very well through all the use/abuse. It's definitely built rugged like a Rug Doctor.- Cleans WellThe spin brushes do a descent job of loosening dirt from the carpet. The suction works well for extracting water from the carpet back into the extraction tank, so the carpet feels damps after cleaning, not wet and soggy. The carpet feels comfortable to walk on right after cleaning, but it takes about a full day for the carpet to fully dry after cleaning.Cons----- Inconvenient Cord PlacementI really don't like that the cord is attached at the bottom of the unit because the wheels keep running over and getting tangled in them.- No True "Heated Cleaning"... not unless you call blowing hot air onto the carpet "heated cleaning." If you want your carpet cleaned with hot water, you would have to fill the tank with pre-heated water. The lack of true heated cleaning means this unit won't kill dust mites trapped in the carpet (although the mites might get a nice cold shower, which will hopefully help slow down their rate of reproduction).- Crude DesignLet just say design on the thing isn't what I'd call refined. The extraction tank on my unit wouldn't sit right; I have to occasionally apply a little pressure on the thing before the water extraction works.---Overall, the Hoover SteamVac Pet Complete Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge is a serviceable unit, but its design is a little crude for my liking. If you don't plan on steam cleaning or true heated cleaning, this unit is worth considering. Otherwise, I'd pass on it.
In my kitchen, I try to practice the buying philosophy of "buy for quality ONCE".  Yet somehow I have ended up with a drawer full of knives of varying quality, and I really only use 2 the most:1) A surprisingly affordable (under $125)  Santoku2) A serrated 5 inch utility knife (indispensible for slicing tomatoes)So I was a wee bit curious to try this Victorinox Black-Fibrox Handled 3-piece Chef's Set as part of Amazon's Vine Program.  They are a Swiss Army Knife product (and thus there is an assumption of quality behind this brand name), yet their price was really affordable.  Could these knives really live up to their name for the price?  Would they knock my higher quality knives out of the park AND out of my knife drawer?Here's what I like after using these knives for a week:1) The blades are strong for being very thin; despite not having a full tang, they do not twist or flex very much.2) The black Fibrox  handle material has a grainy texture, making it easier to securely hang onto when it is wet.3) The Fibrox material is highly sanitary, according to National Sanitation Foundation.4) The Swiss Army Knife branding.5) The lifetime warranty!!  (Return to Connecticut for US customers or Ontario for Canadian customers.)6) The price; If you wanted a 3-piece forged set with a full tang, you would expect to pay 3x the price of these knives (based other options on the Swiss Army website).7) Of the 3 knives, the 8-inch Chef's knife is the most balanced in my hand, and most likely the only one of all three I will ever really use.Now for what I do not like about this set, and why I felt I could not rate them more highly. (Please note: I feel it would not be fair to rate these harshly by comparing them with much higher quality knives that are forged and have a full tang;  they are just different animals in my mind.)1) The handles feel hollow, contributing to the imbalanced feel.2) The thin blade's ultra-light-weightedness does not feel secure in my hands; I foresee a few accidents due to slippage and the occasional flailing and wringing of hands that occurs in my kitchen. (I tend not to flail as much if I have something heavier in my hands.)3) The 4-inch parer is more handle than blade; it just feels silly and far too large in my hand to easily pare an apple. (I tried.)4) The 8-inch Slicer is more blade than handle and feels ungainly in my hand, not at all well-balanced.Neutral Observations:1) I tried to cut into an acorn squash with the Chef's knife; no luck at ALL.  Then I tried the slicer -  same problem.  So before I attributed a negative rating to these knives, I also tried to cut the squash with my best knives - still no luck!!  So, the acorn squash is getting the negative review here.2) These are steel, and steel can rust if damaged, so it is important to take special care of even your cheapest knives.  Buy some good knife guards for each of them; these can be found in most kitchen stores and are cheap.3) These knives should never be dishwashered, as with any other chef's knives. This is not uncommon; it is just a fact of life for users of kitchen knives. (Not only is dishwashing bad for the knife and handle but also potentially unsafe for your DW.)4) At the time of this writing, the Swiss Army website does not seem very responsive to customer comments or questions.  There were some questions posted 6 months earlier by other customers  which have gone unanswered.  I also have not received a response to my question as to how this product (identified on the box as # XS47892) differs from the earlier product incarnation # 46892.  I consider this a neutral thing because the manufacturer has answered some, just not all, questions on their website.UPDATE 3/1/2011:  Swiss Army Customer Service responded to my question from 2010.  Here is that emailed answer: "After reviewing the 2 different Chef's Cutlery Sets we have available, I found that 46892 which has the Fibrox handle has a paring knife of 4", a chef's knife of 10" and a slicing knife of 8", while the 47892 with the Fibrox handle has a 4" paring knife, a 8" chef knife and an 8" slicing knife."  So, the different SKU is due to the size difference in the chef's knives.Bottom Line:1) These Victorinox knives are a pretty good entry-level set of knives, but not the best nor most complete option.  They will probably get replaced by the user at some time, and supplemented with more useful knives (like a smaller parer, a really good 5 inch serrated knife, and an excellent Santoku)2) Would I buy these for myself? No - as mentioned I would really only ever use one out of the three knives, so this particular set is just not my ideal choice.3) Would I buy these as a gift? Possibly, depending on the culinary aptitude of the recipient.
It is true most thermoses only actually keep things cool or hot for maybe a couple of hours with the exception of the green Stanley thermoses, I haven't seen any others that work very well.  I am generally a little skeptical when it comes to thermoses, but I was excited to try this one, it's not huge, its the perfect size for my drinks and small enough I could slip it in my purse, and I liked that idea.The thermos is  acceptable, it does indeed keep things hot or cold all day.Stanley Classic Stainless Steel Vacuum Bottleis still better, as others have said, it has a hard time maintaining temperature for long lengths of time if the bottle was not heated or chilled first, which in all honest, defeats the purpose.  I don't have time to chill a thermos every time single I use it, that is just impractical.Again, I enjoy the size of this bottle, its a great size, and really sleek looking, but it just isn't up to snuff for the price you pay, and if I wanted a sleek water bottle, I would have bought a sleek water bottle, not a thermos.God Bless ~Amy
Kudos to the Thermos brand for making an attractive, cool looking Thermos.  It's a thermos in every sense of the word.  Rugged, insulated (except the cup and I will get to that), attractive and very utilitarian.This a great Thermos, but I had to give it 3 stars for one single reason.  The cup on top.  That shiny, pretty cup on top with metal on the outside and no handle is a HUGE fail for hot beverages.  Metal conducts the heat from poured hot beverages quickly and if you don't have gloves on, beware!!!I stored tea in my Thermos and even after 2 hours, it was scalding hot.  I wanted to use the accompanying cup to test.  I love the look of the cup on top, it adds a sleek look.  There is a huge problem though, the cup contains no type of insulation so that hot drink that stays hot in the cup is going to transfer to the outer layer of metal instantly and heat it up.  There is no handle to grab onto when you realize just how hot that cup has gotten so you are liable to spill scalding hot tea, coffee, etc all over yourself unexpectedly.  This needs to be a warning and this design needs to be fixed.  It's like grabbing the metal spoon that has been sitting in a pot of sauce on the stove - a hot spoon.No other part of the Thermos is hot to the touch, perfectly insulated.  Unfortunately, the cup is a liability for this item.  Can't they insulate that too?  Or put a little handle on it that won't conduct the heat.  Cold beverages are no problem - it's the hot ones.  This Thermos was able to keep my tea warm throughout the night.  The last bits of it were lukewarm after 20+ hours ... but I had it opened to drink from throughout the day.  So that seems right.3 stars because of that cup issue.  My fingertips are still burning from holding tea yesterday and not wanting to drop it!  If they could fix this cup, they would have a 5 star item.  It seals well, no leaks, airtight and easy pouring.  The handle is rugged too.This is a great Thermos, just be warned!
I really wanted to love this.  I really did.  I like many aspects of it.  The softness of the lining is wonderful and the thickness of the "blanket" is great.  It does keep me toasty.  However, if I tried to actually walk in this, I could suffer great injury.  I am 5'3" and the bottom of this drags on the floor quite a bit.  If I try to walk, I step on it and you can imagine how dangerous this could be.  I understand that one-size-fits-all must accommodate many different heights and sizes, but I feel they should at least make an attempt to accommodate tall vs. short.  On the flip-side, this is probably too short for someone over 6'.  The real issue I have is that I'm zipped up inside it and what if the phone rings?  What if the doorbell rings?  What if I need to get up in a hurry?  As a result, I don't zip myself in because I don't want to be injured if I need to get up in a hurry.If you are considering this as a gift for a petite person, be aware that this will probably be too long and drag on the floor.
OXO makes tools for folks with cranky or weak hands, and I have a kitchen full of their wonderful tools.  Both the large, heavy translucent bowl and the double-wheel choper have a quality feel to them.  The bowl would look nice on your summer dinner table.Let me explain how this set works, though:First, you clean and prepare your salad greens.  Slice your vegetables.  Slice your meats and cheeses.  Add nuts if you like.Once you have gone to ALL the trouble of preparing 4 - 6 quarts of salad (with your arthritic or weak hands), you hold the rolling slicer, and chop through all of the vegetables to create your chopped salad.This is a beautiful set, and the resulting salads are absolutely delicious (they'd be a great way to use up your garden's abundance), but the process takes a bit of effort, even with OXO's help.
As long as common sense is used, the OXO Good Grips Salad Chopper Bowl is fairly useful. Lettuce, onions, cheese and certain fruits chop easily. It's best not to attempt to chop tomatoes or other softer textured ingredients, as you will probably end up with mush. The chopper tool is basically a double-bladed pizza wheel with a curved handle, and seems to be solidly constructed for frequent use. The blades are not as sharp as those of a pizza wheel, and don't really need to be.You do need to apply decent pressure during the chopping operation. The bowl is molded plastic with a textured interior and is sturdy enough to withstand a lot of use. I have no information on price, but, if you eat a lot of salads, the OXO bowl may be a useful item for you.
Good size bowl but I was expecting the chopper to be a little easier to use and less time consuming.  I still find it easier to cut the items I want in my salad with a knife and put them in the bowl. One reviewer said the chopper looks like a double pizza cutter; that's exactly how I'd describe it.  The salad bowl works great and can be used for many other purposes other than just salads.  We've been eating salads most every night and most of the items I put in the salad don't chop up well using the chopper, like olives, pickles, and hard boiled eggs.  But I will definitely use the salad bowl.
For me, the true test of a kitchen implement/appliance is how much space it takes up versus how effective it is.  This is a large bowl - it's made of heavy plastic - quite good quality - but it's Big - 12x5.5".  That's a lot of storage space.  The chopper also is sturdy and well made and works well on flat cutting boards.I doubt that I will use the bowl often enough to justify taking up that much room.  But, for someone who likes chopped salad and eats it often, this might be useful.  It's quick and easy to use, and if you have a large empty dishwasher, the clean up is a breeze.I gave it a three star rating because I don't think it's worth the $$$.I will hang on to the wonderful double-edged roller for mincing herbs, but the bowl may have to hit the road.
The Hamilton Beach #33967 comes with a probe and a black spoon which fits into the lid's handle for easy transport. The locking lid is fantastic but the clip hooks get in the way when removing the crock. For a power interruption of 5 seconds or less, the slow cooker will remember its programmed heat & time settings. It's  easy to program, but I always refer to the manual so I don't make a mistake.I've used the slow cooker 4 times now.  1st time: I used Manual Mode & made some  applesauce. 2nd time: I used Probe Mode and cooked a meatloaf.  3rd time: I used Probe Mode and cooked a whole chicken, best chicken ever, very moist. The slow cooker went to Warm when the temp. reached 180 (it didn't overcook the chicken at the warm temp).  4th time: I slow cooked a beef roast, started out using Probe Mode, moved on to Program and finally Manual Mode. (I had to turn the slow cooker off then back on each time I changed the settings)I don't agree with the user guide's desired temperature of 145 degrees for the beef roast I made. You might want to use your own judgment when cooking beef in your slow cooker. My roast was done to my family's liking at 170 degrees. I was home when it was cooking so I set the probe again for 160 because it wouldn't let me set it for 170. When the temp reached 160, my roast still wasn't done, so I used Program mode and set it for two hours. After about 1 1/2 hours, it still wasn't done so I used Manual mode to finish it. I wasn't frustrated during all this because I wanted to test all three modes...I wanted to find out if my slow cooker would turn itself off (it didn't). It worked in all 3 modes, except for the 2nd time I tried setting the Probe Mode for my roast. It wouldn't let me set it above 160 degrees.I've had a good experience so far & will update my review if I have any problems.UPDATE: 12/21/09 - about the 7th time I used this slow cooker, the cooker turned off during Probe Mode a few minutes after I started it. I reprogrammed it & about 2 - 2.5 hours later it turned off again. I don't think we had any electrical power issues, so I'm not sure why this happened. I won't take a star off yet, & will keep updating with any problems.UPDATE: 7/1/11  I have no idea if Hamilton Beach has addressed this problem or not. My crockpot just turned off again. I am usually home when I use it, so it's not a huge problem for me. However, I can't recommend this product to anyone that sets it and leaves home for a good part of the day.
I purchased this slow cooker but had the unfortunate experience of having the display fizzle out 30 minutes after I'd loaded it.  Realizing it might be too big for my every day needs, (I try to prepare 6 or 7 servings each night so we have leftovers for lunch.) I elected to exchange it for theHamilton Beach 33956 Set 'n Forget 5-Quart Slow Cooker, White.  I assume I just got a "dud" as I quite like the 5 quart unit.  Since the two are the same aside from size and finish, I'll add my comments pertaining to function here as well:"As a programmable slow cooker, it does offer some options for temperature control but nothing revolutionary. It offers "high" and "low" temperature timed routines that automatically switch to "warm" after your selected cooking period. You can also operate the unit manually. For those who want to be able to put the ingredients in the machine in the morning and have a cooked meal 8 or 9 hours later, this machine will perform well if you use recipes that call for long term cooking under lower heat conditions (chili, pot roast, etc...). If you throw a raw bird in there at 7 AM, don't expect it to be succulent at 6 PM. It does not have a delay start. I have not yet had the opportunity to use the temperature probe. As it was not a critical factor in making my buying decision, it remains a low priority for me. I will update this review at a later time if I have more to add. "
Blenders are limited in their performance due to that tiny blade on the very bottom of the jar and the Oster 16 speed is no different. It's going to blend liquids just fine and it will be a breeze to make salad dressings or milkshakes. As an ice or frozen fruit crusher? Forget it. You really have to crush a piece or two at a time and the tapered bottom doesn't help. the food processor attachment is basically a smaller jar to do the same actions as the tall one. If you are looking for a blender to really make short work of ice or any chunky food item, go with theNinja Kitchen System 1100or if you want to stick with a standard blender, look for one with a straight jar so items have room to move around.KitchenAid 5-Speed Blender with Glass Blender Jar, Empire RedThe Oster 16 speed is a basic appliance with a nice sleek look but I feel you can do a lot better.
We have used an Oster blender for the past seven years.  When making smoothies, I'd constantly have to stop and push the frozen fruit down, as only the bottom 2" would actually blend.  I was surprised to see that this newer Oster 6878-042 was an almost identical design.  The only thing that's changed in the past seven years is the button layout and the addition of the food processor accessory.I again tried making a smoothie, and ran into the same issues.  I think the blades might be a hair too small as they just get jammed up with the mix in a few seconds and you have to constantly keep pushing the rest of the items down into the blades.  Of course, I turn it off to do this, so it's a constant back and fourth.  I realize its not a high end blender, but I would expect the design to change somewhat over the years.  It gets the job done, eventually, but it's this type of hassle that turns me off from making smoothies in the first place.  We used to try and crush ice with it using the pulse feature, but it became tedious so we bought an ice crusher stand alone unit that is used constantly.I will say that clean up is fairly easy.  The glass jar, washer, blade and base all separate quickly and are dishwasher safe.  I also like the large size of the food processor accessory and the simple design, that makes it easy to clean as well.
The Oster 6878-042 is a good blender, I like the glass jar but I don't like chrome plastic base it looks and feel cheap. I like the 16 speeds but I don't like the food processor is doesn't have the design of a real food processor and is hard to make some recipes like pesto with this food processor. I have the Hamilton Beach 52654 Blender/Food Processor Combo, This has a plastic jar but the food processor is better.
I prefer glass blenders for a variety of reasons- ease of cleaning; safety (less likely to break than plastic); and no concerns about chemicals from the plastic. The Oster 16-speed blender decently made; the glass and plastic are not as heavy/sturdy as my previous Braun glass blender (no longer available), but they are not light or breakable by any means. The size is listed as 5 cups (or ~40 oz.); my previous blender was 8 cups, which I highly prefer, but 5 or 6 seems to be relatively standard. Unfortunately, the food processor attachment that comes with the blender is made of plastic.The blender is strong, and works well. Thus far I have used it to blend fruit, grind coffee, and blend ice to snow for slushies. It has done all with no problems. The noise level is average for a blender, as is the time it takes to grind. I've used the food processor to chop cheese, garlic, and bread crums, and it has done all successfully.At full price, this blender is expensive relative to other comparable blenders on the market; half the price or a bit higher seems common.If you're looking for a decent, inexpensive glass blender, I'd recommend the Oster. However, if large blender size or a high quality food processor is important to you, I would keep looking.
This is one of those items that I am reasonably sure I would never purchase for myself. However, after a trip to England (where this was a staple in the rooms) I thought it would be a nifty thing to have.First off, the size, and shape of this item leaves a little to be desired. I would have preferred it be thinner and more elongated for easier placement in the bathroom. As it is, it seems cumbersome and always in the way.Secondly, the controls for this leave a little to be desired. Something that should be rather simply, quickly falls into a guessing game of warm/ not warm. Also, if you fold the towel and place it into the warmer it seems to have trouble penetrating the inner parts of the towel. A good work around it to let the towl fall into the bin so that it's all scrunched up. This allows the towel to become heated throughout.It does serve it's purpose, in that it does warm towels but seems to have some limitations. Now, I will say this caveat. When the Minnesota winter hits, I am intending to use it to warm up my hats, gloves, and socks and see how that goes. It may prove really useful for that. As a towel warmer for the average consumer I would give it three stars. Good concept, so-so execution. I'm just not sure this is something that people are going to say they 'have to have'.
I was thrilled to receive this towel warmer, I have wanted one for a long time. After using several times, I have mixed feelings.The towel warmer states that you can use it for standard size towels, robes, blankets, mittens, gloves and hats. Most of our towels are large and fluffy but I got one to fit but just barely. It did do a great job of heating the towel. If you use very large towels or bath sheets, they are not going to fit.I also heated my son's favorite blanket. It fit but I had to stuff it in, which left warm and cool spots because it only got warm where it touched the sides of the machine and left the center unheated. Except for small baby blankets, it really isn't big enough for blankets or throws.I think the dryer would do a better job for blankets but the towel warmer would be nice to have in a nursery for a toasty baby blanket to swaddle your baby in. They really should market one of these for nurseries too because all we new moms think we need all the gadgets for our babies, that's why they sell baby wipe warmers.Mittens, gloves, hats and socks would fit nicely but then again, can't you just throw those in your dryer? Your robe if bigger than a towel is not going to fit either.Pros and ConsPros:Small appliance easy to place in a nursery or outside the shower where you can just step out of the shower and a warm towel is waiting for you.Cons:It smells like a hot appliance that is getting too hot while in operation. My husband wanted me to unplug it because it smelled so bad. That may wear off after a time.It needs to be about 50% bigger to really get alot of use out of it.Once you heat a towel, you have to let the towel warmer go through a cool down process before you can put in another item which takes about 25 mins. That kind of makes it impractical. I couln't bathe both my babies together and them both have a warm towel. The towels seem to cool rapidly too, not staying warm for very long.Summary,I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't that once you use it, you have to wait 25 mins before you can use it again.I would have give it 5 stars if it was bigger and I could put my extra-large towels and throws in it.
First I should say that the extent to which you will find this product worthwhile, is directly proportional to how "chilly" it gets in your house.  (This is why towel warmers are more popular in Britain than elsewhere.)This particular device requires a little too much care and attention for my liking.  Too many objects in modern life require time and attention.  (For example, when was the last time you turned off and drained your water heater - which you are supposed to be doing regularly?)This one requires you to plug it in only when you use it, whereupoon it makes a disagreeable hot plastic smell (which perhaps goes away once you have used the device many times), and you need to keep track of the lights, and do things only when certain ones are showing, and so on.It is also a bit bulky for the average bathroom, and over time, the power needed to heat up the container will add up.Lastly, in my case, I like to have my towel on a rack right next to the shower, so I don't track water through the bathroom.  And I don't think that touching a plugged in appliance from a shower or bath is safe, so this is impractical for my use.However, having said all that, the device does heat up a bath towel to toasty warm, so it does accomplish its intended purpose.  (By the way, the towel does not become hot enough for therapeutic use - you will need a "hot towel cabinet" for that.)So, although I think the whole thing is impractical, if a warm bath towel is worth adding something else in your life that you have to pay attention to, then you may like the Towel Spa towel warmer.
It is nice to have warm towels when you step out of the shower, especially on a cold morning. The Jerdon Towel Spa Towel Warmer is an item that makes this luxury available without taking up the space that regular towel warmers do. Measuring 11x8x12, it will hold one large towel fairly easily. Stuff it into the warmer, press the button and in five or ten minutes, pop up the lid and remove the warm towel. Overall, it works fine but there are a few things to be aware of. First of all, towels don't warm evenly, only in the areas that were near the sides of the box. Another thing to consider is the warmer gets very hot so it should not be used within the reach of children.
A warm towel after a shower or after a dip in the pool is nice to have sometimes so this is why I wanted to try this product. It also can warm towels up to size 40x70 as well as blankets, gloves and hats. It is a small unit though, its about 12"h x 10"w x 8"d so your not going to fit much in it.Be super careful where you put it to heat up because it does get quite hot on the outside! Its plastic and has what looks like an aluminum liner inside. There's an ON button on the front but it didn't seem to work as when I plugged it in, it turned on. It did heat up fairly fast, just about 3-4 minutes.I easily fit a normal size bath towel but don't think I could fit two at once. This item probably would be good for more winter time use as who really needs a hot towel in the summer. Its probably good if you have kids that shiver when getting out of the bath or pool. But again, the unit gets very hot so don't let the kids touch it at all!Final thoughts on this item is that while it works and is nice to have a hot towel, there's no real "wow" factor with it, its just ok. If i got it as a gift i'd use it but its not something that i'd have to have.
There are pros and cons for this toaster oven.  And to complicate matters...a pro for one person might be a con for another.So I will attempt to list and you can decide.Oven is large...of course it is...what would the purpose be if it were small.Yes, it gets hot on the outside...so doesn't a pot or pan on a stove.Toasting is not ideal...nothing beats a regular toaster just for toast.Knobs...so many of us are not used to them anymore...everything is digital...up to you!Convection is a wonderful cooking tool...I love it whenever it is a feature.This is a wonderful unit but I also have the Cuisinart TOB 195 stainless steel digital convection toaster oven. It is my five star unit.This unit for my other home uses is larger, performs differently but is still appreciated.
This unit is large, so make sure you have enough countertop space to accomodate this toaster oven.  The oven cooks fine, but my main complaint relates to the dials and the timer.  The timer is very stiff and hard to use.  It's very difficult trying to figure out how to set it and the maximum 30 mins of timed cooking is not adequate.  It's also difficult to hear the timer's alarm when it sounds.It's difficult to get the exact temperature that you are seeking because the dials are so loose and imprecise.Despite the complaints about the timer and controls, it does cook well once you have things properly set.  However, it would be a much better product if they'd update this oven's controls.  If you need a precise temperature, good luck!  It cooks evenly and is a very nice looking oven.  Build quality seems quite good.So in short, it's very good oven with lousy controls.  If the price is right, it's worth considering, but Cuisinart would do themselves and their customers a favor if they'd update the timer and controls.
First off, this is beautiful.  The glass is even more exquisite than it looks in the box.  It's really a work of art.  It ships well too, and is in a paper carton that's form fitting to the cup.The idea is pretty nice - a cup with it's own filter for lose teas, that is reusable.  I like reusable stuff. I dig recycling.  So, I was down with this idea.As per the picture, this is merely a glass without a handle.  I'm fond of japanese and chinese cups which generally have no handles either, so I figured, no big deal here.  Again, while you can see this in the picture, some people in my house did not and complained when I gave it to them to use.  So, just throwing it out there.  It is thermal, and did not get unpleasantly warm during use.There was one flaw which was a downer for me.  The vents on the insert for the filter as reviewers noted, indeed do let finer tea leaves seep into your tea.  Again, having drunk it "old school", a few leaves is no bother to me.  However... this prompted my examination of the insert, especially for the review.This appears to be made out of very lightweight glass, like pyrex but far thinner.  If you're used to nice hefty porecelain or stoneware, you'll be disappointed.  It's almost feather-light - good for people with hand troubles though, I suppose.At any rate, staring at the filter, I wondered to myself, how precisely did they cut those holes in the bottom?  Rather than being formed, they were indeed incised into the bottom.  Not generally a big deal, but there are minute cracks and marks around the opening.  No, I don't think you'll get glass chips in your tea, but it seems...well, sloppy.  Here's this elegant glass, and they incised holes and left cracks there, although minute...the craftsman in me sort of did a double take.  Might just be my tea cup in particular, but I've done some crafting with molten glass, and I only ever see flaws like that from cutting it when it's too brittle.  I sometimes wonder looking at it, if the filter was actually an afterthought, and it had a metal one instead.It's really not a bad tea cup.  It's cute, has a lid, and looks pretty.  Keeps your tea warm, but it's not optimal overall.  When most of us die hard tea fans already have other options for lose tea that are reusable, I can't say I'd go out of my way to buy anything like this for myself again, to be really honest with you.  I might for a gift, buy one with some swank loose tea.  Overall though, it's in practice not as practical as you might think.Consider that one of the main reasons you get a thermal reusable cup for your tea or coffee is that you are moving around a lot, or even driving.  This is glass - durable glass, but glass nonetheless.  This won't be the thermal cup you yank for car trips.As an aside, one thing it works *great* for are tinctures of herbs and making flavored oils.  Since it can hold up to heat, I made a flavored garlic and rosemary infused oil for cooking.  The lid is great for storing, and the strainer gets rid of large herb chunks perfectly.  Perhaps Bodum should make a version for that too?  It actually is sort of useful in lots of ways around the kitchen if you're a foodie.  It's perfect to keep small amounts of gravy or sauce warm but off heat, as well, like a hollandaise.  The cup is great for eating soup, too, and I found it more useful for that since my tea rarely sits long enough to cool dramatically before it's gone.  So, don't just limit it to tea if you get this.If you enjoy getting unique toys for your tea, then this won't be bad for the collection.  It will stand out, and get nice comments when you have company.  Chances are though if you're looking for practical specialty tea wares, there are better in general.  It really depends on your own tea habits, and what you are looking for.  I'd suggest using another filter with it though for fine loose teas, or a tea ball, rather than relying on the glass filter alone if tea leaves bug you.
I'm a huge fan of Bodum, as has been stated with reviews for other products of theirs.  And while I'm perfectly satisfied with this Tea Infuser set, its very nature works against the benefits of the tea.Lovely in design and generally functional, this clear glass set lives up to promises of keeping one's hands cool and doing an excellent job of diffusing tea.However, the thin glass is a constant source of paranoia for me.  Every time I've set it on my granite counter top the 'clink' makes me think it will simply shatter with impact.  It hasn't, thankfully, but all the same it oddly provokes a hovering anxiety.  This being said, it works against the soothing experience of tea drinking.Small size isn't a problem for me, nor are loose tea particles, however if I'm going to slog around a cup of brew I don't want to think more about the container than the contents.
Six ounces is not a lot of tea. That is my main complaint about this tea infuser. My second complaint is that NOWHERE on or in the box does it say that this item is dishwasher safe. Although it is made with laboratory glass, it seems quite fine and fragile - candidate for hand-washing. And then, the price. For ONE LITTLE TEENY TEACUP? Who drinks only 6 ounces of tea at a time? I won't be using this on a daily basis as it is too impracticalOn the positive side, it's very pretty, and a nice way to serve tea to a guest. The tea leaves unfurl in the hot water and you can see exactly how strong it is just by looking. The insulated glass makes it cool to the touch so anyone, even a man with big fingers who hates those tiny handles on a teacup, can enjoy.  Now if that same big guy wants a big swig of tea, sorry. All he gets from this one are six little ounces.
I just purchased a variety of loose tea and was looking forward to trying this product.  It's ideal for a cup of tea, but a cup for me is 12 oz! After reading all the glowing reviews, I'm wondering if my set if defective because with every cup I have brewed there's quite a bit of tea that escapes, and I have to strain the tea into another cup because I don't like particles floating around in anything I'm drinking.  I can actually get a fingernail through the filter slits so it doesn't strain the tea very well. It is a nice looking set, and I think it's a great idea, but in my opinion for $25 I shouldn't have to strain the tea to get the leaves out.  So it's back to the tea ball and tea filters for me.Update: 1 StarAfter trying to work with this thing, I just chucked it in the trash.  Tea leaves escape through the filter regardless of the size of the leaf.  I brewed a full leaf oolong tea and still had to strain it.  This product needs to go back to the drawing board, and it loses two more stars.
I have gone through my fair share of vacuums.. ok more than my share over the past 12 yearswe easily have used nearly one per yearDo not have pets so can not rate on how well it works on pet hair.Like the portability of this oneEasy to get into tighter spaces than with an upright.I have another canister one and now no longer use my upright ones.Keep one of these on each floor of the house.So easy to use for the kids.Pros - super easy to assemble -lightweight for lifting aroundeasy to take off the head and use on cracks or even the wood blindsCons - is a little louder than i feel it should beseems like it might break easily when i clean it outbut so far has not happenedHave been using it for several monthsand i say it is average because even though it is getting the dirtseems like whenever i empty it the vacuum itself is just so dusty on it
This item is very poorly engineered.  Mine broke after its first use.  The plastic is thin and brittle and cracked along a seam of the waffle iron.  Despite looking like metal this thing is in fact almost entirely plastic painted to look like metal.  Usually you get what you pay for ... except with this thing, you don't even get that.*Would rate 1 star but Amazon won't let me change my star rating now (My initial review was positive until I went to clean the thing and noticed it was broken!).
Large in size and requiring sufficient space, this counter top oven from Cuisinart is designed to combine the heating ability of a convection oven with the speed of a microwave oven. It offers both abilities in one, and can add convenience to most any kitchen.This oven does have a nice appearance and it looks good on a large countertop. Its stainless steel matches well in my kitchen, with its abundance of stainless steel appliances. You need to make sure to have plenty of space for ventilating in the rear and on one side of the unit, but other than that, it easily makes the grade from an appearance standpoint.But besides being pretty, a micro/convection oven needs to work well at heating up food and this one seems okay in most instances. The microwave works as well as any other, but I do have some other issues with this oven, and chief among them is that the outside of the unit gets very hot. You can feel the heat radiating from the inside- out and a quick check of the exterior will confirm that the heat is exiting through the outside walls of the oven. This will surprise some users at first, but you get used to it. You just have to make sure to keep your hands- and those of kids in the house- away from the unit while in operation.This oven has several different settings from which to select. Besides the microwave setting, it has a defrost setting, warm, convection, convection bake, and convection roast. It even comes with a recipe book so you can utilize these special settings and prepare food like a pro. But one fact to keep in mind is that this unit can take a long time to heat up to high temperatures. It has little problem reaching, say, 350 but if temps get into the mid to upper 400 range, it can take longer than is worth it. For these high- temp cooking jobs, a regular oven is best. I'm not an expert on heat transfer, but it seems like the loss of heat described above is part of the problem.Ovens are a must for any kitchen and having a microwave/convection combo is nice for certain cooking purposes. This Cuisinart model works well for the most part, but the issues with the heat convince me to rate it only average overall.
We recently moved cross-country, and in selling our house, parted with our microwave.  I loved that microwave, even though it cost $69 at a warehouse store.  So to match the stainless appliances in our new kitchen, we got this convection oven / microwave.I'm not terribly impressed.  As I mentioned, our previous microwave was cheap.  And it cooked.  Well.  This one is actually less wattage than the other, so cooking takes longer.We haven't been impressed with the convection oven feature either.  I've used a full-size convection oven before, so understand that it is a different process.  But this one doesn't get the job done.  We have had much better luck with our toaster oven.The unit is large, so it takes up most of one section of countertop.  (You need to space it away from walls, so that's a consideration in placement.)Overall, I'm wishing I had that simple microwave oven back.  This is a case of one appliance trying to be too many things at once, and failing to do any of them well.
I despise tap water.  I know there's all sorts of talk about how tap water isn't all that bad for you, that a lot of bottled water is actually just recycled tap water anyway and that the minerals in it are good things that you really need, but let's get real: the stuff tastes like swill most of the time.  I'm not that fond of most of the bottled water either, because it's what companies like to call "remineralized for taste" with magnesium sulfate, potassium chloride and salt, none of which I'm interested in tasting.  The only bottled water I'll drink is Aquafina, which I suspected was as close to pure as I could find (and thanks to ZeroWater's handy little tester, confirms my suspicion as it tested at .003).In general, the ZeroWater system works.  The water is pure, proven by the tester.  It has a wonderful, crisp, clean taste, that's practically no taste.  The pitcher and filters are actually at a decent price point, comparable to rivals Brita and Pur, although it looks from the level of contaminants in my tap water, I'll be replacing that filter an awful lot.  The problem lies solely in the execution; the pitcher is horrible and makes getting to the ZeroWater so frustrating, driving to the store and hefting a case of water bottles looks like a joyride in comparison.This barely fits on the top shelf of my refrigerator, essentially having to be wedged in, making the rather nice end spout option useless because my choice was to cut off the edge of the shelf or push the pitcher in so the spout fit in between the grates.  Filling the pitcher itself took nearly a half hour and didn't even yield enough water to fill a coffee pot; the only solution if you actually were someone who drank 8-10 glasses per day as recommended would be to fill this, then fill another pitcher with the water from it, then fill this again. Repeat as necessary.  Over and over.  It's obvious the size of the filter is responsible for all of the problems, so I don't know why ZeroWater didn't address these in production and come up with the simplest solution of all: make the pitcher wider or at the least, bell-shaped.  I'm assuming there's some reason, but there has to have been some option; I'd hate to think this was the absolute best they could do.Finding a way to completely purify everyone's tap water is great idea.  I've owned both Pur and Brita systems and neither came close in taste to ZeroWater.  Until they can address some of the weird problems with their pitcher system though, they remain a little hard to completely recommend, at least in this format.
When I 1st got this pitcher, I was thinking it would be complicated to use and a general pain to set up.  I was wrong, except for one point...I had to keep twisting and twisting the filter to get it tight so it won't leak, and, actually, it is still dripping a bit.  It seems like you have to screw the filter in so tight that it might be difficult to change it.  I had to re-insert the filter twice (and empty all the water I had just filtered!) to get it as tight as possible.Other than this, it was just a matter of unwrapping everything, rinsing off with tap water, and then putting together.  Instructions were very clear.  The gauge/tester is very easy to use...just take off the cap, one button to cut on, and insert in the water for an instant reading; then one touch to cut off, dry a bit, and put the cap back on.  My intial reading was 9 because the filter wasn't tight enough and was dripping tap water into the filtered water.  After re-inserting it the final time, I got the desired reading of 000.Pros:--slim design--holds a gallon of water--water tastes wonderful--fits in frig, or can use on counter--has water spout at bottom to tap water without taking from frig--can also use as a regular pitcher to pour from top spout--can test water periodically to see if need to change filters; seems like more work than just changing filter every 2 months, as some brands suggest, but this is a more accurate systemCons:--large, heavy filter takes up lots of room inside pitcher--bottom tap spout is rather hard to push and not much flow; a lever design like my Pur pitcher is much better as far as flow and ease of use--top spout has a flap that restricts the flow of water so isn't free-flowing--pitcher heavy if picking up to pour from top spot; hard to hold as long as needed to pour, as it's pouring so slowly; need two hands to hold pitcher to pour--reservoir that holds unfiltered water as it's being filtered down is not clear so that you can see whether or not it's empty--reservoir can be overfilled easily where water flows into filtered water -- would have to empty all water out and start again if this happensAnother suggestion would be a sticker where it could be recorded when the filter was installed and possibly when water was last tested, so one doesn't need to rely on memory.This pitcher is useful as far as knowing that you're getting clean water, but the pitcher design has some major drawbacks, and is difficult for those with hand/grasping problems to manage.
I wasn't sure what I thought about Zero Water, but I have been a Brita and Pur user for years. I'm always interested in trying different water filtration technologies and seeing how they taste. Conclusions with this one:1.  It does produce water that tests as no particles / dissolved solids2.  It doesn't filter out some things that the other two big brands do. Certain bacteria, cryposporidium, etc. This is declared on the package insert.3.  The water it produces may feel better, but may or may not taste better.It clearly changes the water. The filter itself is about 2-3 times the size/volume of a Pur or Brita. The water feels more wet in my mouth. I like this. What I don't like is that the water it produces for me doesn't taste as good as what I get out of Pur (which is what I'm currently using). I do like the feel better, and it makes more clear ice cubes, so I am going to (gulp) use them together. First the PUR, then this one.And now for why you shouldn't buy this one unless you're one of two people.  This pitcher is poorly designed. The lid barely stays on and doesn't lip down over the edges to prevent spills when the top filler area has water in it-- for example, refilling to the line and taking it back to the fridge.  The flip lip that opens when you pour is terribly thin. The edges of the plastic were sharp and not polished. The only positive about this pitcher is that the handle is designed very sturdily. That being said, if you need an 8 cup instead of 10 because you absolutely can't fit a 10 cup, this model might be for you.The other person who might want this one is someone who doesn't care about the tester. This one has an analog result tester: Light on means bad results, light off means good results. Or the device might just not be testing at all.... I didn't like that. The model that does 10 cups, and comes with the digital tester is only $2 more!If you have enough space for the 10 cup, and you'd prefer a digital tester rather than a cheap analog one, go for the 10 cup model.
This is a very nice, small size sauce pan. It is elegant to look at, and has a very functional design.What I like:1) Insulated Handle so you don't burn your hand2) Heafty weight . . . this is not a thin metal pan, nice thickness, which distributes heat well.3) Pouring lip allows you to pour from it without spilling or dripping.4) Well balanced - When the pan sits empty, it sits flat, and does not tip back from weight of handle5) Beautiful- This is really a very elegant looking pan that will look good on the stove, in the cupboard, or on the counter.What I did not like:1) I enjoy the convenience of a non-stick surface, but the issue is that I have never had a nonstick surface last. Even after being careful in using the correct spatulas and so forth, the non-stick surfaces almost always fail. I actually have some cookware that belonged to my great grandmother. I love cookware that lasts a lifetime and beyond. Unfortunately, as elegant as this pan is, I fear it will not last beyond a year or two.2) The pan does not have a lid. Wow, you really need to provide lids for this type of sauce pan.3) It is smaller than it looks in the picture. Unfortunately, when the size is listed as one quart, it is hard to imagine the actual size. Picture should be shown with some sort of perspective. When I opened the box, the pan was much smaller than I had imagined . . . actually almost small to the point of not being useful.Overall, a great pan, and one I am happy to own.
I must have been thinking one quart was a lot bigger than it actually is.  I'm not going to be able to do much with this because it is ridiculously tiny.  I don't cook often, so I did not even know such tiny pots existed just for melting butter.  If I wanted to melt butter, I'd just stick it in the microwave in a bowl.  Same result, less hassle.Another thing that bothered me is that it doesn't come with a lid.  It does seem to be of good quality and doesn't feel cheaply made.  I understand that I should have read the product description more thoroughly, so I am not going to give it a low rating.  I'll just give it a neutral rating because it lacks a lid and versatility.  If you want to make melting butter complicated, or you really like to cook and are more creative in the kitchen than me, then this would be a good, tiny, tiny pot for you!
I picked this little one-quart double-spouted saucepan by Paula Deen because I have the matching dutch oven.  I've used the bigger pot  for about two years now and it's superior even to my hard-anodized, expensive pot when it comes to heating water for pasta quickly.The little saucepan is no slouch either.  I like the red and black speckled exterior and the copper accents -- in this case, the ring to hang the saucepan up is copper.  The saucepan itself is just right for making gravy, for poaching a couple of quick eggs, for making just enough ground beef and onions to fill a quartet of tacos, or to heat a can of soup or make hot chocolate.  The little spouts work exactly as they should, and the Teflon finish seems sturdy -- my experience with the dutch oven's finish gives me confidence there.EDIT: I really, really like the nice heavy no-heat handle, however, after using the pan for many months, I've found that the wonderfully heavy padded handle is not always balanced out by the weight of the pan. If there's not much in it, it will start to tip.  That's become a problem as I've come to rely on the pan for so many things.  I still love the pan but, ironically, have given up using it for melting butter. There's just not enough weight to be sure it won't tip.I own a much more expensive set of nice cook wear, but I find myself preferring this line -- and I hope to add more pieces to it.
I've been privy to a number of carpet shampooers in the recent past, and this one is without a doubt the one that needs the most improvement.Immediately upon construction I knew this machine wasn't going to be up to par. The screws were abnormally hard to adjust. I was afraid I was stripping the plastic handle and that I wouldn't get a solid fit. I never was able to get the screws tight and the handle is slightly loose. The hose and extension piece don't seem to fit like they were made for the machine. It hangs loose and isn't secure; an obvious design oversight.I do admire the built-in heater for the system, though. This is something that many cleaners don't have.The shampoo and water are both held in the same reservoir, not separate, so if you're done shampooing and you still have liquid left over, you've wasted whatever bit remains. Some newer models have separate reservoirs allowing reuse, or storage, of carpet cleaning solutions. The reservoir is also ridiculously small and I am needing to constantly refill it.The shampooer did a decent job of shampooing the carpet; nothing to write home about. Of course, high traffic areas appear untouched, but I've found this to be the same with all shampooers, so no points lost.There are many better cleaners out there, though, so do your research. This would not be one of those on my list. It will sit in storage as an emergency backup in the case that one of my other shampooers dies.
OK, at first sight I expected something more. What is more, well I really don't know except this thing is tiny and is made mostly of cheap looking plastic. How well does it sharpen knives? I won't even think about using it on my kitchen Wurstof set. I tried it on my Buck Knife, a couple little pocket knives where it did ok, although I prefer a sharpener that doesn't scratch the sides of the blade. I have some nice S30V blades on some of my knives that this sharpener will never touch, but for something to use a cheaper type pocket knives, it does OK. But honestly, I would not waste my money on a sharpener that I can't use on my good expensive blades. This was my mistake, so I am kind of stuck with it. So maybe I'll give it to my neighbors kid.
While this sharpener can bring back a badly abused edge quickly, I would also guess a novice could destroy a decent knife within a minute. The edge stones are very small, with a strong spring holding them together. The amount of pressure required to spread the stones makes the execution of a smooth sharpening swipe difficult.Sorry, but regular use of a steel is still the way to go. Use a flat sharpening stone to carefully "grind" any useless metal at the edge away.A note on scalloped or serrated edges. Finely serrated knives are a no go - per the included warning. The instructions, however, don't mention that with a shallowly scalloped knife, you need to (very carefully and steadily) run the knife through the sharpener both ways. The one-way direction at the sharpener is explicitly marked. You need to turn the knife 180 degrees and pull the knife - "tip first" - to sharpen the trailing edge of each scallop.The item is assembled solidly, but small. The hold down system is noteworthy. It held tight on our undulating-surface tile like no other "suction cup" device before - impressive.  Overall, I think if you don't abuse your knives, this one will stay in the drawer. The instructions are also very basic, to say the least.
First, this product works.  It fastens to the counter with a suction cup (think old fashioned manual pencil sharpener) and you drag the knife blade across the "V" shaped slot.  It sharpens your knife and your knife is nice and sharp, slicing through tomatoes with ease.  The suction is very strong and the sharpener does NOT move at all once it is attached to your counter.That should be the end of the review, right?But in reading some of the other reviews on here, I am concerned about this product's longer-term effect on the knives... as one reviewer pointed out, you can literally see METAL SHAVINGS after you sharpen the knife... I have several knife sharpeners and this is the only one that leaves visible shavings.  So - I'd concur with some of the other reviewers, if you have a cheap knife and don't care about it longer term, this is a great little product.  However, there are many sharpeners that don't take such an aggressive approach with knives so perhaps you might want to keep shopping around... or at least read more reviews.Bottom line, it works well, but I'm concerned it will hurt my knives.
I love how pictures can be deceiving. This item is barely larger than a pencil sharpener.The pros:- So tiny you could carry it in your pocket.- Strong suction cup to hold it in place.- Sharpens fast.The cons:- Remove huge amount of filings if moderate pressure is applied.- No guide for the blade, easy to mess up.Conclusion:Fair enough to sharpen cheap knives but one has to be careful to apply just the right pressure. I would be too afraid to try sharpening expensive knives with it.
This is a small sharpener which can attach pretty securely, by suction, to your counter top. Like a lot of sharpeners, the "business end" consists of angular carbide blade you draw your blade through.I ave this a try on a fairly new knife, which didn't ship as sharp as I liked. There was powdered steel on the counter, so I could see it clearly removing material. However, I didn't find it increased the sharpness of the blade that much.I'm hesitant to draw a serrated blade through this, despite the fact that it's advertised to sharpen serrated blades. I'm just not sure how that would work without wrecking the serrations.The suction to the counter is quite strong. The plastic guides making using it easy.
This worked very well on my Swiss Army Knife.  It also worked very well on a cheap supermarket knife.  It did not work well on my nicer Henckles or Wusthof knives.  I think the Henckles and Wusthof knives are a harder steel and the Anysharp just couldn't bring them to their best sharpness.  I will take these knives to a professional sharpener every year or two, so I am very familiar with the feeling they have when they are freshly sharpened.  This did not bring them to that level of sharpness.For softer knives, it worked great and I would recommend it.  It did not harm my Hunckles or Wusthof knives.
I have probably too many little sharpeners laying around in the far back of the kitchen knife drawer. They all work okay on cheap knives, but then with better edges they start to vary. This tiny sharpener (looks and is sized like a pencil sharpener) securely suctioned down to the counter top but didn't put a good edge on my better kitchen knives. It also claims to work on serrated knives, but I couldn't get it to do much anything with them.The device is fundamentally a small plastic base with a suction cup and a pairs of sharpening elements held in place. You pull the knife back through the sharpeners. Works okay, but nothing revolutionary.
Owning a number of knives I was interested to try this sharpener.  Upon receiving it I was surprised by how small this product is.  It is so small you can easily store it in a kitchen cabinet drawer.  That's a good thing.  The suction cup bottom works very well and securely attaches the sharpener to the counter so you don't have to hold it to sharpen any knives.The sharpener has only one sharpening setting so will only put a coarse edge on knives.  Other good sharpeners will usually have 2 or 3 different settings for either coarse or fine sharpening.  I tried the sharpener on some less expensive knives I own and was disappointed in the edge it provided.  It did not perform any better than inexpensive hand sharpeners I've used in the past.  I noticed a large amount of metal shavings on the sharpener after making only 2 or 3 passes with the knife, which means it takes a lot of metal off your knife during sharpening.  This is not necessarily a good thing and will wear your knives down a lot quicker if you have to sharpen them much.In summary, this is a very basic knife sharpener that has a suction base as its main advantage over other basic sharpeners.  There are better knife sharpeners out there, though, that will put a sharper edge on your knives for not a whole lot more money.  If you own fine knives like Henkel or Wustof I would not recommend using this sharpener.  It might be more appropriate for cheaper kitchen knives or some pocket knives.
I own many blades and knife sharpeners.  I believe that the best way to sharpen knives is manually.  I have used many knife sharpeners from electric, to these static ones, to the manual ones.  My favorite method that gets my knives the sharpest is with the Spyderco Triangle Sharpmaker.  But that one takes time and practice to learn how to do it right.  Then it's a set, so you have to pull out the kit, set it up, etc.  It's manual, it's time consuming, but it gives you better precision and a better end product.  Sometimes I don't need my knives that sharp.  Sometimes I just need to freshen up the edge a bit because my knife gets dull in the middle a cooking session and I just need to refresh the edge a bit.  That's where I begin to look into these quick and simple sharpening options.  This product does not work for me.  It takes off too much steel, the angle is strange for me and the suction does not work on wood countertops.  The suction was great on my granite countertop, but it couldn't grip on my solid wood countertop at all.  I would not use this product with any of my high end knives.  If you had some cheaper/generic knives, don't care about learning how to properly sharpen knives, and want something highly compact and easy to use, then this item is ok.  Actually, in that instance, I would recommend the Smith's 50185 Jiffy-Pro Handheld Sharpener over this one.  That one has a better feel to me than this one.  Even though many people like the fact that it locks down onto a countertop, I find this motion of dragging the blade straight downward to be very strange and I don't get a good feedback on what's happening with the blade.  With the Smith's since I'm holding the sharpener and the blade, I get better feedback...but it does make it a bit more dangerous I suppose.  I can see how this product can work for some people, but I cannot recommend it so I gave it 3 stars.  It can work - but it doesn't do the best job, it will shorten the life of your knife by taking off too much steel each time, it doesn't hold on wood countertops, and it doesn't give any feedback.  It's quite harsh on your knives.  Not recommended, but it can work if you really don't want to put any thought into knife sharpening.
The "Anysharp Knife Sharpener" serves a purpose. If you have cheap, soft-metal throwaway knives that need some sharpening and you don't really care about the condition they are in afterwards, then this is the sharpener for you.  It's a pretty rough device--you can actually see the metal particles piling up after each pull, to the point where it needs to be emptied like a pencil sharpener.  But it's quick and easy, and works great in that particular circumstance.What it won't do is work any magic on high-end, forged knives (just the opposite).  The sharpening bits aren't keen enough to sharpen the hard steel of high-end knives, and you don't want the ragged edge left over by this sharpener. That's common sense though--If you spend hundreds of dollars on a knife, you probably don't want to drag it through a 12-dollar sharpener.  Use a sharpening stone or send them off to a professional sharpener.But hey, not every knife in my block is a high-end piece of art. I keep a set of cheap knives for camping, as well as some "guest knives"(left over from my collage days) that I pull out when I have too many cooks in the kitchen and all my good knives are in use. It isn't worth the time or money to send these junkers off to a pro, so dragging them through this "Anysharp" gadget gives me just what I need.
i always wanted a food saver..this seems to be great. it sucks well, but i dont know - it has a cheap feel to me of it and makes a weird kinda almost pop sound when using it.3 weeks strong and its fine but hopefully ill get many many good years out of it.usually, im pretty good at guessiong an items lifespan.i hope im wrong on this one.oh yea and perfect size for counter top!
"Juicing" has become something of a craze in the last few years, and as such, I've noticed a lot more juicers on the market. Personally, I'm not too big into making juice out of fruits and vegetables, and it's hard to dedicate the counter/cabinet space to one of these machines. However, if you like making fresh fruit and/or vegetable juice every once in awhile or you just want to give the "juicing" craze a whirl, this Oster juicer would be a pretty good option since it's not too expensive, pretty easy to use, and seems to output a fair amount of juice. There are, however, a few things to note:First, it is somewhat loud. Not horribly loud, of course, but you wouldn't be able to listen to the radio with the machine on, for example. The noise also probably wouldn't be the greatest thing to hear first thing in the morning while you're making your juice, especially if you have other people in your household that you don't want to wake up.Next, it has somewhat of a cheap look and feel, mainly due to the white-plastic exterior. This may be a personal preference, but I much prefer hefty metal appliances, as opposed to plastic ones which don't seem like they're going to last too long - though to be fair, the blade on this Oster machine does look pretty good, and it's worked very well so far.Finally, there's the cleaning. I counted eight pieces to clean total, which seems like a lot to me - granted, most of these pieces you can literally just rinse out. I think this this amount of cleaning is pretty comparable to other juicers, but it's still kind of a pain.Overall, it works well. For people who want to try their hand at juicing (or people who just don't want to spend a ton of money on a rally expensive juicer) would probably be quite happy with this model.
Both the assembly and the cleanup are easy. The pulp is wet during the first run through, but I kind of expect that for a juicer in this price range. (Wet pulp indicates that the juicer left juice behind. Many people will run wet pulp through the juicer a second time. I don't.) However, I did feel that there was still a decent amount of juice, despite this.There is a slot at the bottom of the juice cup to help separate the froth/pulp. This works okay, but I find it simpler just to scoop the top.It isn't as quiet as my Waring Pro. But it does juice slightly better, in my opinion. Of course, it also slightly more powerful.
This juicer is decent for the money.  Nothing special.  Just another in a long line of very average juicers in this price range.  For high speed, the Breville line is the way to go - excellent quality.  For masticating, which is arguably a more healthy system as nutrients are better preserved, Omega offers best bang for the buck, Green Power being excellent, and Kuvings a viable alternative.  The Oster is what it is, a cheap juicer, which has its place.  It's fairly easy to use, however the build quality, as well as juice quality, simply does not compare to the alternatives I have listed - though granted, they do cost more.  If this Oster is all you can afford, you have every reason to feel comfortable with a purchase that is no better, or worse, than its similarly priced peers.
The disclaimer is that I got this free through the Amazon Vine program. However, I was just about to buy a juicer. My husband and I eat a mostly raw food diet and had been thinking about purchasing one. When I was offered this one, I was thrilled.It's been months since we got it, and the truth is, we've used it only one time. This says something both about us and about the juicer. About us? We do eat a LOT of greens. We also make a ton of green "soups" which keep the pulp in. I love pulpy drinks! Why would I want to throw away the pulp??!!Well, some people love juice. I do love carrot juice, and I used to buy it pre-made. I was looking forward to getting this juicer simply for carrot juice. But, bottom line, it's just too much work. I don't have a dishwasher, and cleaning everything well by hand is a pain. The amount of waste bothers me. What do I do with all this pulp? It's wet, too, which indicates to me that it hasn't been all that well juiced. I'd prefer to use myNutri Bullet NBR-12 12-Piece Hi-Speed Blender/Mixer Systemand make a smoothie with the carrots!Still, this juicer is not bad. It's not great. Frankly, the thing I dislike about it is the size. I don't have a big kitchen and it takes up too much space on the counter. I have to admit that I like the size of my aforementioned NutriBullet, which is my favorite raw food appliance, along with a hand powered (!) "pull chop" (Kuhn Rikon Swiss Pull Chop).
Imagine what happens to your clothes in the washing machine in the spin cycle - this deep fryer has the same concept.  After your foods are finished frying, you just lift the basket out of the oil (lid is closed the whole time) and set the spin cycle to low or medium for a specific time and your foods will be crunchier, crisper and more tasty.  My family could definitely taste the difference.  Before I got the George Foreman Deep Fryer with Smart Spin, my deep fried foods would come out soggy and oily.  I decided to give the paper towel test after using the George Foreman deep fryer, and yes it was obvious there was less oil residue on the foods.I give it three stars since it takes some getting use to the steps you have to do to fry and remove the foods, but with more use I believe it will be easier to operate.  One bit of advice however.  I learned the hard way that it would be best to leave the basket in the unit and use heat safe tongs to remove the foods from the basket.  The first time I used it, I removed the basket completely and had a hard time getting the grooves to line up so the basket would fit back into fryer.  Once I did line it up, it did not slide back down easily and I had to give it a little force and the oil splashed out.  For on now I will leave the basket in the unit and just remove the foods directly out of the basket.  The maximum temperature is only 375 degrees, I wished it was at least 400 degrees since many foods call for that temperature.  I will continue to use this fryer since the concept of less oil in our foods is a wonderful idea and I don't have to waste so many paper towels anymore!  Just in case you were curious, it is not loud at all when it is spinning.  The noise can be compared to the average audible tones from a mixer or blender.  I hope they will come out with a 3.7 liter capacity soon.
I think this tries to be an honest product. It does work as intended; it does expel the oil from food. I was skeptical because of the claim "Knocks Out up to 55% of the Fat" had "up to" in small print and in the fine print there are disclaimers like "results are not typical" and they note that the average fat reduction was 38%. I figured that the test was done by measuring food right out of the fryer to boost their numbers, however, to their credit, they clearly describe how the tests were done and note the maximum amount of fat removed from 3 popular fried foods. The amount of oil removed compares spinned foods versus non-spinned food. The thing I appreciated was the fact they noted they placed all test food on towels first, so the amounts removed are measured and compared after resting on paper towels (note the oil removed from paper towels is included in the total amount claimed removed, though).That said, I still have my concerns whether this product is worth the cost. If this product is aimed at health conscious people like me, what fried food we do eat gets thoroughly dabbed with paper towels to remove as much oil as possible in the first place. Just sitting fried food on a paper towel is not what we do. What percent do we remove ourselves? I don't know of any tests measuring that, but surely if they tested thoroughly toweled food versus spinned food, the amount of oil removed would be much smaller (I did test spinned French fries against my toweled batch, though, and I couldn't tell the difference). So, what this fryer does is, basically, save paper towels, which may be enough of a reason for many people to buy it.Pros:-Does remove oil from food-Reduces need for paper towels to remove oil-Has a full featured set of fryer controlsCons:-May not remove much more fat versus your own toweling after frying-Heavy machine, especially with oil in it-Complicated construction: many parts, especially moving parts, equals higher probability of mechanical failure (they do have a 2 year warranty, though)-Viewing window obstructed by moisture that didn't clear over time-Moisture leaks around lid-No on/off switch-Black markings on chrome knobs hard to read-Detachable magnetic power cord detaches too easily-Lid release button takes several tries-Set up not intuitive: you will need to read instructions to figure it outI was asked to review this fryer because I previously bought aT-Fal FR7008002 Ultimate EZ Clean Pro-Fryer Stainless-Steel 2-2/3-Pound Deep Fryer, which, despite one design blunder, I prefer to use. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles as the George Foreman fryer, but the clean up features are what I like most. I'll stick to removing oil using paper towels. The cost of this machine and the higher probability of mechanical failure are too much of a concern for me. I do, however, recommend this machine to those who want to reduce paper towel use.
I have various pros and cons of the George Foreman Deep Fryer with Smart Spin Technology.  This review is based on making fresh french fries from 3 medium sized potatoes.Pros:1.  It does what it says and passes the paper towel test with flying colors.  Our fresh fries left very little residue on the paper towels and this was quite impressive.2.  Fried our french fries quickly.3.  Heats up quickly.4.  Modern look5.  Great and logical concept.6.  A covered deep fryer reduces the odor in the house.Cons:1.  The unit is HUGE and the capacity for my trial was 3 medium sized potatoes.  The basket is too small relative to the overall size.2.  It requires a large counter space footprint.  10"(W), 10"(H), 10" (depth).3.  The use (raising) of the basket did not work for me (there must have been a defect).  It would not grab onto the grooves.  This required me to hold the basket up by hand while spinning.  This manual method worked.4.  The french fries were tasty but on the dry (to mildly crispy side).  I would probably choose to oven bake given that the texture is not that different.  The difference:  fresh potatoes versus processed ones.  A pro and a con I suppose ...I think that this fryer should be purchased with some thought.  Do you fry a lot?  Do you need large capacity?  Do you have the counter space?  Given a lot of new construction, counter space is a premium.  When I unpacked the behemoth, I was floored by the size and the lack of capacity.  To provide the centrifuge-like action, the size is needed.If you like to fry frequently and have the counter space, this may be a good option for you.  Otherwise, I would really think about it.Update:  We definitely received a defective unit.  I was not able to get the basket to lock in the top spinning position under any circumstances.
George Foreman GSF026B Deep Fryer with Smart Spin Technology in my opinion is not worth the money spent on it. This fryer is a good idea; however I wouldwait until this goes on a reduced sale or the next one he comes out with that has the kinks out.First off it is hard to clean, next it is very large for a small kitchen, but worst thing is that it is a very small fry basket and difficcult to open and get it out.
The idea of a spin function, to shake off excess fat from the food, is very clever.  And it works.  The food I cooked with this machine really did taste less oily.  My complaint is that the design of this machine has flaws:Dismantling it for cleaning and reassembling it afterwards is surprisingly difficult -- it took me ages to replace the cooking pot.  The machine is very big for such a small basket.  The power cord is very short and there is a stern warning not to use an extension lead with it.  Finally, the power cord connection is not very firm and the cord can easily slip out.If you are really keen for (relatively) low-fat deep fried food, then you might tolerate those shortcomings.[PeterReeve]
First this is a great grill as a grill. The George Foreman concept, using gravity as a slanted surface to have fats drip out is still a great idea, as is grilling on both sides of the food. Additionally, the removable plates are a terrific help in cleaning. Cleaning is a snap once you remove the plates. The non-stick works very well, no complaints at all.Now to the limitations. The extra plates are of marginal utility. The bake pan does not get hot enough to griddle a good breakfast. Eggs come out rubbery because it does not heat quite enough. We used the highest temperature setting and started cooking after the ready light went off. Although the grill does get hot enough, when using the bake/griddle plate there is not quite enough heat at even the highest setting. The quesadilla plates work ok, but when we tried it the tortillas did not get crispy enough for our liking. Overall it was a decent result though.There are some additional design flaws however. First the drip tray is just small enough that and juice on either end does not flow into it but on to your counter. Why not increase the drip tray size a quarter inch more? Second the unit does not in our use get hot enough in griddle or bake mode as mentioned earlier. And the temperature gauge is cheap and flimsy. Third and this is potentially the biggest design flaw, while the plates are very easy to take off and exchange, the top grill plate has been unstable and fallen twice during cooking even though we took every care to secure it as much as possible. Now this could have been user error both times, but the manufacturer could easily have come up with a more secure locking mechanism. My wife and I are kitchen applicance veterans and worrying about securing the plate should have been a non-issue.To the unit's credit it does look nice, the bar to raise and lower the covers is actually quite nice, and as I mentioned for the base function of grilling it does a great job. After using the removable plates, it is hard to recommend a George Foreman grill without them: excellent feature. This unit does have very decent non-stick features as well. I still recommend the unit with its limitations but I think customers would have been better served with either a) a less expensive unit with only grill plates and the 106 inch cooking size or b) a more thoughtful design with more useful baking/griddle operation and better and hotter temperature control. Also a more secure design for holding the upper plate would have been very welcome.
I've used and loved Foreman grills for years.  I had one of the first generation grills and then replaced it with one that had removable plates.  This 360 version is my third Foreman grill, but it is by far the worst of the three, although there are still some good points to it.The first and biggest problem is the temperature.  It just doesn't get hot enough!  Nothing gets brown and if you have to cook in batches, it will cool off so much by the second batch -- even if the green light is off -- that the food takes forever to cook.  (The light goes on and off during cooking, on meaning it is heating and off meaning it has reached the correct temperature.)  So far I have tried quesadillas with the quesadilla press plates and the tortilla never got brown and crispy.  The grill plates were used a few times, once on fish which didn't get those attractive grill marks that previous Foreman grills would have imparted.  I used the grill plates again on bacon-wrapped shrimp and had several soggy pieces of bacon even after cooking for over twice as long as required.A second problem is that some plates don't have a good fit.  The top grill plate is very loose and wobbly even when it's connected properly.  I made a pizza in the grill (using refrigerated dough and homemade toppings) and while it tasted just fine, the top grill plate didn't fit right and the lid wouldn't close properly.  The back part of the pizza near the hinge was dark brown while the front part of the pizza was hardly brown at all.Another problem is the size and the short power cord.  Because the unit is round and has the handle on it, it takes up more counter space.  You don't have a flat side to scoot up next to the wall as you could previous versions.  Also, the unit is quite tall and you can't open it fully when it's anywhere near a cabinet.  Combine these size issues with the extremely short power cord, and I almost have nowhere in the kitchen to use this grill.The good: The plates do wash up nicer than in earlier Foreman grills.  The pizza won't stick to the pan at all, and the marks in the quesadilla press are pretty handy.  It's an attractive unit.  The handle is bulky but otherwise handy.I think this is a great idea for a grill, just executed poorly.  Part of the appeal of a tabletop grill is to get grilled taste and appearance indoors, and the 360 simply doesn't achieve that.
When I first received this vacuum, my first thought was...hmm. How well is this going to work on pet hair.  So I put it to the test.  Let's say I have the perfect test environment: 5 cats and cream-colored carpeted stairs.  And none of my cats has cream-colored hair.In summary (longer version below):SIZE: Small. A really nice size and relatively light.ON/OFF SWITCH: a bit awkward to use quickly.  Not a major issueEND PIECES: Well made. Snap on and off easily.  No storage location for un-mounted 2nd end piece. Could get lost when stored. Tried to put it in the waste area, to store and it would not fit.RUBBER END PIECE: Concerned about long term wear, will it lose it high friction surface quickly.? Will the nubs wear off quickly?USAGE: Arm got fatigued rubbing rubber end piece to pick up hair. It's either that or have a rotating brush in a heavier vacuum.QUALITY OF RESULTS: It did an OK job. Not great, but not bad.CORD: Though long, could be a bit longer about 2-4 feet. Had a nice velcro strap to bind it for storage.EMPTYING VACUUM: One of the best designs in a small vacuum I have seen. Easy to take off, empty and put back on, without having to scrap a filter doing so.NOISE: Quite noisy.  Notably so.The long version:I noted the on/off switch is not easy to activate holding the vacuum handle. But, it is not like you do that too many times during use. You would think on the end of the handle it would be easy, but holding the vacuum in place, had it pivoted too far for my fairly large hands.The two end pieces, one a nozzle to get in small spaces and the other a nubby rubber end on, seem well made and snapped on and off easily.  This is a nice feature. However storing the second end when not attached to the vacuum concerned me. I kept on fearing it would get separated from the vacuum and lost.Using the vacuum, with it's small size was easy.  The nozzle was easy to pivot around.  However the nubby rubber-ended piece, you have to provide the muscle to rub off and free pet hair from the surface.  To be honest after doing 15 stairs my arm was a little fatigued.  In comparison, I have another small vacuum (see my review on the Eureka hand-held vacuum Model #71B) that has a rotary brush which addA significantly to the size and weight of the vacuum.  So in a way, you need to decide which you prefer.  A heavy vacuum or a lighter one, that you have use some arm muscle on. Given too that it needed my arm muscle to rub the cat hair up, it did not do as good of a job as the Eureka.When I got to the bottom of the stairs, I could barely move the vacuum, as I had gotten to the limit of the cord.  A 2-4 foot longer cord would be nice. Also I noted this vacuum had a high pitched drone, that was not too pleasant.Emptying the vacuum was a breeze.  This is notable, because a lot of small vacuums have that annoying section that you have to scrape the cat hair from.Comparing it to the Eureka 71B mention above, it would be definitely 2nd.  Wish the Eureka had this one's Filter setup though.
There are reasons I love this vacuum and there are reasons I cuss every time I use this vacuum.I love this vacuum because it is powerful, lightweight, and easy to store. It empties quickly and easily, and the filter rinses out with no hassle. The cord is not too short and has a velcro strap to tie it up with. The pink, rubber tip swaps out for a grey, hard attachment that features a horizontal crevice-type tool, good for short carpet.I cuss every time I use this vacuum because I have hardwood floors and the vacuum has exhaust on either side of the body. I said this vacuum was powerful, which means the exhaust is powerful. This creates dust devils along the floor if I try to use this vacuum to touch up the corners and baseboards of rooms where the dust likes to accumulate. The cup fills up quite fast, as well. And I usually dump it half way through what I'm vacuuming.I still use this, though, despite my complaints. Thus, I gave the product a mid-way score of three stars. We use this mostly for our couch, chair cushions, the kitty steps to the bed, and the cat pillow / bed. The rubber tip really helps grab up the hair and pull it away from the fabric, but I wish it had a slightly bigger capacity.
I wanted to love this product but I can't.I have never found a vacuum/attachment that could get fur off my upholstery and this one does a fairly good job of it.HOWEVERthe exhaust blows any fur that isn't embedded in the fabric around the second you turn on the vacuum.  You might as well take a leaf blower to the furniture.  If you have allergies this vacuum will be a nightmare for you. I plan on trying to divert the exhaust as others have suggested here but I'm not sure how much that will help. I'm afraid I'm going to have to vacuum with a traditional vacuum first and then use this. Not at all what I was expecting especially after seeing such high ratings.Even so I'm giving it 3 stars because it does get the job done.  I wont have to put all the covers in the wash every time my dog sneaks on the couch anymore.  I can vacuum and then use this and they will be good to go.
The Bissell PRODry carpet cleaner's unique feature is the TLR (for Traps, Lifts, Removes) Power Roller on the unit.  Instead of having a traditional beater bar or rotating brushes it uses a spinning roller.  The Power Roller is very similar to a paintbrush roller, just that the Power Roller is thicker.  The advantage is that the carpets dry in less than 30 minutes since instead of spraying the cleaner directly onto the carpet it is sprayed on the roller.  My carpets were dry within 30 minutes, and I was able to put the furniture back and vacuum them much quicker than usual. My Hoover SpinBrush carpet cleaner saturated the carpets a lot more, and took over 2 hours to dry completely in some spots. Advantage: Bissell.As far as actual cleaning ability, the PRODry disappoints.  Now, my carpets are never particularly dirty to begin with, but when I dumped out the Bissell's dirty water tank it was just slightly gray.  In comparison, whenever I use the Hoover SpinBrush the dirty water comes out almost black.  If I did not have the Hoover to compare it with, I would say that the Bissell works well, however, since I know how much more dirt the Hoover extracts I can't say that.  The Bissell seems to clean just the very top of the carpet while the Hoover cleans down much deeper.  I guess that's the disadvantage to the quick drying time, so little cleaner is put down that not much dirt comes up. Advantage: Hoover.The machine itself is very easy to use and come with two hand tools, and has a switch to easily go from the carpet to the tools.  It's very easy to assemble, nicely constructed, does not drip or leak much water, and the tanks are very easy to fill and place on the machine.  It's also fairly quiet in operation.  It's no louder than a regular upright vacuum.All in all... carpets dry very quickly, but it's at the expense of deep cleaning.  For really deep cleaning your carpets look into a Hoover SpinBrush machine (you can check my reviews for the Hoover I use).
This is probably the best looking carpet cleaner I have seen. Extremely sleek, but that is not why most people buy carpet cleaners. If you want a deep carpet cleaner that applies a lot of heat and cleaning ability to get out dirt that is bound in carpet and in pads, this is not the machine for you. I have bought and used the Hoover F5914-900 SteamVac which is in the same price range and is an excellent deep carpet cleaner. The Prodry does not produce nearly the same results for deep carpet cleaning. With three cats and a dog a good deep clean is essential to us.However the Prodry does as promised dry in 30 minutes. It did leave our carpet looking cleaner and smelling fresher. It simply was not as deep a clean throughout the fibers and into the pad below as other products can produce. It was an excellent spot cleaner with both of the attachments that were provided and we found it to work very well on stairs. The tough-stain tool does just that, takes out tough-stains and is a snap to switch to it or the Oxygen 2 tool. We also tried it on a stain on a chair and the tough stain tool did a good job.It was also easier to assemble than the Hoover and very easy to operate and empty. If you have carpets and no or few pets and are looking to maintain those carpets and do a semi-deep clean a few times a year I would recommend this. If you want to have an excellent spot cleaner, I would recommend this. However for deep cleaning on well used carpets, I would look elsewhere to other Bissell products or the Hoover product I mentioned earlier.
Faster wet carpet cleaner sounds like a sure fire winner, but how exactly does it dry your carpet faster?  Answer:  It shoots less water onto your carpets.  The Bissell sprays water onto a roller and rolls your carpet wet.  This function doesn't allow for water to penetrate the carpet deep enough and then get sucked back up to give you a deep clean.  No one wants a soaking wet carpet, but I do want my carpets soaked, dried, and cleaned.  This device didn't achieve all 3 for an optimal carpet cleaner.If you have tile floors or similar, this will work wonderfully for you.  Or if you have thick rugs that are not too dirty, but could use a refresher, this might be worth it.I have thick carpets and a 90 lb Golden Retriever Mix that drags in dirt, dust, sand, debris, and what ever he can when he walks the streets back home, and this machine just doesn't cut it for me.
I was intrigued to try out this carpet cleaner from Bissell and compare it to myBissell 1200A SpotBot Deep Cleaner, Blue Illusion.  I assumed that the larger size of this unit would equate to superior cleaning power.  Interestingly, I haven't found that to be the case.First off, let me say that the 7350 is easy to set up and use.  If you can operate a vacuum you should have no problem with this unit.One of the weaknesses of the SpotBot is that it does such a good job on the circles it cleans that the final appearance can be one of clean polka-dots in the dirty carpet.  The 7350 doesn't suffer from that issue, but it doesn't seem to clean as effectively as the SpotBot.The hand tools are pretty much the same on both units and both work very well.  I prefer the SpotBot for hand cleaning, however, due to its smaller size.After using the 7350 my carpet is cleaner, but it doesn't blow me away.  At twice the price of the SpotBot, I don't think it's the best value.  Bigger isn't always better, it seems.
I have two toddlers and four cats, so when I heard about a carpet cleaner that dried in 30 minutes, that sounded great.  We regularly use a Hoover cleaner, and it does a good job, but it takes hours to dry.  That means the kids have to be out of the house for the day or they get all wet.The problem is that the floor doesn't get wet enough to pull the dirt out.  Simple as that.  You could work forever and not get carpet cleaned.  It does, however, do a good job on floors.  This works well for my kitchen and entryway, though it's a big piece of equipment for the little space that I have to wash.  3 stars for cleaning floors, 0 for cleaning carpet.
I'm someone who is constantly baking: homemade marshmallows, cheesecake lollipops, lady fingers, a bazillion cookies, you name it. For me nothings going to take the place of a double boiler for pure efficiency and the volume I do. But there are pluses that I can see to this treat dipper.First of all, my husband- a man who doesn't know the proper side of a spatula generally- came into the kitchen eager to  join me in dipping Thanksgiving treats. He had so much fun that I just let him go to town with it and do my work for me even though he ended up with nearly as much chocolate on him as the treats and a few of the lollipops had to be sacrificed to his tummy along the way. For social situations I can see this being excellent. One thing to note if you have kids though, the entire appliance-especially the ceramic- gets pretty darn hot so protect those little hands along with your own.I can also see that dipping long items, like pretzels, would be much easier in the tall ceramic than in the shallower double boiler method. This appliance is a bit of a space hogger though. It's definitely bigger than I expected. I liked that the cord was detachable though. However, my lid and ceramic insert all seemed to be slightly missized and didn't fit into one another perfectly, instead rattling around when ever bumped.
The West Bend QuikServ Oven combines the functionality of a toaster oven, a pizza oven, and a microwave all in one, but with some mixed results.  If you frequently make frozen snack foods (chicken nuggets, potato skins, etc.) and pizzas, then the QuikServ may make sense for you, even more so if you have impatient crowds (e.g. kids).PERFORMANCEFirst and foremost, it does live up to its name by being very "Quik".  I was very skeptical about its claim that it requires no pre-heating.  However, it did a great job with a variety of frozen items, oftentimes even finishing before the timer went off - this is both a pro and a con.  Twelve total minutes from freezer to plate for chicken nuggets - and they were well-done on both sides thanks to the top and bottom heating elements.  However, the QuikServ annihilated my first attempt at cookies in just under HALF the cooking time recommended by the oven's instructions.  So, you need to really stick close to whatever you're making and be ready to pull it out early.The oven has top and bottom heating elements which result in very even cooking with no turning of the food.  You can also turn either element off when cooking.  There are several pre-programmed sequences for baking, frozen snacks, reheating, etc.  but again, walk away from any of them at your own risk.I mentioned the microwave earlier because the speed of the QuikServ really makes it a toss-up between the two when reheating certain foods.  Think of those times when you'd rather have had the oven-baked results but didn't feel like heating up the oven, prepping a pan, etc.  You probably just settled on the soggy heat of the microwave.  The QuikServ changes that equation with its speed and ease of use.  So leftovers are definitely another realm where it shines.APPEARANCE / MAINTENANCEThe oven has a solid, well-built feel and is constructed of metal on all sides.  But its heavy iron appearance would look more at home at a short-order cook's station (or a Raiders tailgate!) than most kitchen decors.  It's also large - much deeper than a typical toaster oven so that it can hold a 12" pizza - so finding shelf space to tuck it out of sight may not be easy.Cleaning up the non-stick baking tray was easy time after time.  I wish that the oven came packaged with a second tray, preferably without the channel grooves (get ready for some cookies with weird dips in them).PROS*  FAST oven-baked results*  Even cooking from top and bottom heating elements*  Quality construction and easy-to-clean partsCONS*  Will often overcook food if not monitored*  Big, unattractive appearanceCONCLUSIONThe QuikServ oven does a remarkable job of evenly cooking food in a short period of time.  However, this means that it will burn food if you aren't careful.  It works best with frozen snacks, pizza, cookies and leftovers (your microwave will thank you for the break), so if you frequently make these sorts of foods, then this is a great choice for you.
The first thing that I thought when I received the package containing the D6000 was "Heavy!" after realizing that the box only came with a small owners manual and the actual iron,(which is all you need, really) I wondered if the extra weight would make this iron a little impractical to use.The iron has a total of six buttons, temp up, temp down, steam on/off, auto clean, surge-of-steam and spray.It has 7 different temperature settings which work along with what B&D; likes to call "Smart Steam Technology" which pretty much means that it adjusts the steam power according to the set temperature. wow!These are the temp settings and suggested uses for each by B&D;:1. Acrylic: scarves, blouses, knits2. Nylon: lingerie, robes, sleepwear, raincoats3. Polyester: knits, dresses, blouses, skirts, travel wear4. Blends: shirts, blouses, knits, uniforms, bed and table linens5. Wool: trousers, slacks, jackets, silk scarves and blouses6. Cotton: 100% cotton blouses and shirts, table linens7. Linen: slacks, summer wear, jackets blousesOne neat feature that will probably go unoticed by most is that the electrical cord is attached to a swivel ball that makes it easy to move it out of your way while ironing or standing the iron on it's end.Once I started using it, I actually begin to apreciate the extra weight (about 4 1/2 lbs. total) of the iron, or, should I say soleplate? Which is actually where most of the weight of this iron comes from.The extra weight, along with the perfectly balanced steam, in my opinion, made the ironing process faster since for the most part, you just have to pass the iron once and you're done. Wrinkle free!!!Unfortunately, like any other appliance, this iron comes with it's fair share of cons. I found more flaws in the design than I wanted to...It seems like B&D; used the cheapest plastic material they could find! You can press onto any of the plastic sides and you will hear a cracking sound, that might explain why other reviewers complain about leaking problems, although, so far, I haven't had that problem.The handle feels similar to what you would find in a cheap plastic dustpan! It won't break but it's just not what you would expect from a $50+ iron.If you decide to stand the iron on it's side, you might find yourself second guessing since it looks like the soleplate could outweight the standing side of the iron, it's probably designed not to, but everytime I placed the iron down, I found myself double checking it in fear it might tip over.Another odd choice in the design is that B&D; decided to place the water-fill cover backwards, so you actually have to place the iron horizontally as opposed to standing up in order to fill the water tank, so unless your ironing board comes with an iron rest, you'll find it a little difficult to re-fill the water tank once the iron is hot.Overall, this is a good iron But I would highly recommend that you take a look at the D2030 model (also made by B&D;) which offers nearly identical features to this one, it addresses the flaws that I found on the D6000 model and it's about $20 cheaper!
The only real reason I use an iron is for steaming out wrinkles with plain water.  Prior to trying this out, I have been using theRowenta DX8900 Professional Iron with No Auto Shut-Off.  As other reviewers have mentioned, this iron is fairly heavy.  That is one quality that I liked a lot.  I always have a problem with cheap irons because it feels like I am wasting energy pressing down on the iron to try to flatten out my clothes.  With the D6000, I can just let the weight of the iron do the pressing, and glide it across the clothes to get rid of wrinkles.  The second think I liked about it is the surface of actual iron press (the bottom). Cheaper irons usually don't have as smooth a surface as this model, and the iron doesn't glide across clothes as smoothly and "sticks," which actually forms more wrinkles that weren't there before.  This is a quality my Rowenta iron has as well and one of the reasons I like it so much.Unfortunately, those two are about the only really great qualities about the D6000.  This iron is trumpeted as "digital" and comes with a bright LCD display.  Why?  I don't know when we are going to get out of the age of manufacturers throwing LCD displays on every product they make (my toothbrush even has one), but it's not always necessary, and it adds to the cost of the product. I really think they could have gotten rid of the LCD and just added the indicators to the actual iron. The next problem I had with the iron is that it has to be filled horizontally. This wouldn't really be that big of a deal, except the weight of the iron hurts it in this regard, since you have to hold the iron horizontally in the air while you fill it (unless you want to burn up your ironing board).  It takes me about 30 seconds to fill this iron (if I am careful not to spill), and as incredibly ripped and muscular as I am, that can become fatiguing to hold the iron for so long. Not to mention that this iron doesn't even come with a funnel, so trying to fill it up is going to almost certainly result in spilling.The auto shutoff feature of the iron seems to kick on after about 5 minutes.  While this can be a plus, it's almost an annoyance to me because I will sometimes take a break while ironing a lot, and then like to come back to a hot iron without having to move it around and wait for it to warm up again.  It does warm up fairly quickly though, so overall, that is probably a plus.Another main feature marketed on the iron is the vertical steam option.  I've never really had success with this feature on any iron and the D6000 is no exception.  Maybe it works better on certain types of clothes, but on my 100% cotton shirts and pants, it isn't very effective in removing wrinkles, and only results in wasting a ton of water.  I prefer to just iron them out the regular way.The Black & Decker D6000 isn't a bad iron, but I think the actual iron rates a little more on the cheaper side of things, and they likely added the digital read out to jack up the price. For what it is currently selling for, I would suggest consumers look toward something like theBlack & Decker D2030 Auto-Off Digital Advantage Iron.
Positive factors:First of all, I was impressed with the weight of the iron.  Lightweight irons require the user to press down, which to me is more tiring that guiding a heavier iron around the ironing board.  To me, the substantial weight is a plus.I also liked the see-through water reservoir, which allows you to see when water is getting low, and prevents over-filling.The iron heats up very fast and produces lots of steam.I didn't have any trouble filling it - just poured water slowly into the fill area right from the distilled water bottle.The burst-of-steam feature is nice, as is the auto-clean system.Neutral factor:I'm a bit leery of all these electronics on what is essentially a very simple device.  My old-school GE steam iron from 1968 still works great after 40+ years.  How long will this one last? 40 years?  I doubt it. (In case you are wondering why I got a new one when the old one still works, this one will be used in a different location.)  This concern is neither a positive or a negative at this point, because I have no indication as to whether it will be a problem over the long haul or not.Negative factors:I don't like the backlit LCD display. You can't read it at an angle.  Therefore you either have to tip the iron, or bend over and look at it straight-on to see what the setting is. The blue-on blue display is artistic, but low contrast only compounds the readability issues. LCD calculators are very readable even when viewed at an angle - why can't this be also?The water-fill system is inconvenient.  The iron has to be flat on the soleplate to fill it.  Because the iron produces lots of steam, it runs out of water fairly fast if you have a lot of ironing to do or if you are using it at a high temperature.  It says right in the instruction book that if you run out of water you should unplug the iron and allow it to return to the standby state before adding more.  What?  That's insane. Just what I want to do - stand around waiting for the iron to cool down when I just want to get the job finished.When I first filled it up, a small amount of residual water ran out of the fill area.I can't see anyway to just turn the iron off without unplugging it.  It will turn itself off if left inactive on the soleplate or side for 30 seconds or left inactive for 8 minutes when sitting on the heel.  If it can turn itself off, why can't I turn it off?  (I usually unplug my iron when I am done with it anyway, so this might not be a big deal. It just strikes me as peculiar.)Summary:  I'm already turned off by the LCD display and the water-fill problems listed above.  I am tempted to just give this to my daughter and keep on using the 1968 war horse.  However, to be fair, I will give it a bit longer trial period.  If, over time, I am inclined to like this product a little more, I will update this review.
Krups did a FINE job in engineering this system:  simple to operate and clean up, does its job with finesse, and it has astonishing potential.  My only gripes are --1)  Descaling requires a special-order packet from Krups; you can't just use vinegar as you can with a Keurig Single Serve Gourmet Coffee & Tea Brewing System.2)  Since Krups allied itself with Nescafe, the coffee/espresso type is restricted to the current, very poor, instant-coffee-like offerings from Nescafe.3)  Unlike the Keurig K-Cups system (granted, it's a coffee-maker rather than a pseudo-espresso machine), you cannot grind your own beans to make the specific blend or purity of flavors you'd personally like -- compare this to the possibilities of theKeurig My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter.As for Nescafe, they really blew this great opportunity to work with Krups on their fine machine.  As others have said, the machine is only as good as the coffee it makes, and with the limited, often-poor (often almost undrinkable) offerings from Nescafe, the best beverage you can make in this machine essentially tastes like instant coffee with powdered milk.I STRONGLY urge Krups to use its leverage to license its coffee capsule technology to finer coffee manufacturers as Keurig has done, and I invite Nescafe to step up to the plate and make coffee of a quality on par with the Krups system they've been contracted to package grounds for.  I see a dim and short future for this machine unless either (or preferably both) options are explored and realized.
The Nescafe Dolce Gusto Single Serve Coffee Machine is nicely designed and easy to use.  There is an adjustable platform to accommodate the cup size and beverage you select to brew (if you do not adjust it, the coffee will splatter everywhere).  Set comes with a nice cup and saucer set as well as another clear coffee mug, which I thought was a nice added touch to the product.  Many of the Nescafe coffee flavors came with the maker.  The machine is a bit noisy in comparison to the Keurig K-cup single serve coffee makers and you have to actually make your own cup of coffee instead of just pressing a button and walking away.  Other than that, the coffee maker is quite impressive.  I have been looking for an affordable way to make espresso and cappuccino and this would be a great investment.  However, the only coffee brand that you can buy for this machine is Nescafe.  I have tried all of the sample ones that it came with, and I am not impressed at all.  At this point I feel that the coffee is undrinkable.  There are directions included that tell you how many ounces to use in the drink you are making, but I do not like any of them.  I thought maybe I did not make it correctly so I took the time to very carefully measure out the amount of ounces to make sure I was making the drink right.  The beverages were still no good.  I am going to try putting the directions aside and experimenting to see if I can find a water to coffee ratio that will be more enjoyable to drink.  I have a feeling that the taste will stay the same, but it's worth a try.  I am hoping that Krups gets different brands of coffee to go with this great machine.  Unfortunately, for the time being I will have to stick to the Keurig machine with the great variety of coffee brands they offer.
This is easy to use with little chance of getting hurt by the hot water.  You put the capsules in the machine and turn the lever until the correct amount of beverage comes out.  We are working on finding out what the correct amount is for the various flavors.  An instruction book is included, but since neither our coffee cups nor the included ones have any measurement markings, having the book tell us to add, say 4 oz. of water, is not an exact science.  I would prefer the machine do the measuring for us.Some beverages use 2 capsules; one of milk and one of flavor.  The milk ones do not appear to be interchangeable as they are labeled for each flavor (latte, etc.) and presumably contain different amounts of milk powder.  I would greatly prefer the flavors combined and a set amount of water added by the machine.  I know that then pretty latte pictures would be impossible to make, but there wouldn't be the over and under dilution issue that we experienced.We have tried all of the included flavors and have not been impressed.  They have all tasted like convenience store instant coffees.  We expected much, much more.  We will use the machine occasionally and try new flavors as they come out, but this wins more stars for design and function than the coffees' tastes.
I searched long and hard for a decent humidifier and read lots of reviews and settled on this one after going through 3 junky Crane humidifiers. I've had this one for about 4 months and use it nightly, especially due to the winter season, and it's held up well. I like the sleek look of it as well as the clear blue tank so that I can see how much water is left in the reservoir. One of my favorite features is that it is very easy to clean and doesn't have a ton of nooks and crannies where mold can hide. To clean it, you use distilled vinegar both in the tank and the base mixed with water and use this mixture to wipe clean the other parts; the manual says to let this soak for 10-15 minutes, but sometimes I have to let it soak for 30-45 minutes because the daily white scale buildup is hard to get off, even with scrubbing it with a toothbrush. You can also disinfect it by using a bleach/water mixture once a week.The automatic shut off feature is wonderful and I don't need to worry about it overheating, especially since when left on the high setting overnight, it does NOT last 12 hours as it claims to. The tank is just way too small. It usually automatically shuts off before I even wake up. I wish it had a medium setting as well (it only has a low and high setting) because the low setting really adds no humidity to the room and the high setting works well, but drains the tank way too fast. Though it's easy to clean, it is very time consuming to do it every day; if you use it for 2 nights without cleaning it in between, the scale on the heating element is very hard to remove. The other issue with this humidifier is that it's very loud when on the high setting.Overall, I do think this humidifier is good for the price and gets the job done. It's better than the 3 previous Crane humidifiers I've had so I'd recommend it.
You can really never have too many measuring spoons if you are like me and lose or misplace them. As to connecting the set to a ring, this doesn't work for me since my husband removes the ring and tosses it.This is a practical solution to a common kitchen problem. It is harder to lose your measuring spoons if they are magnetically bonded to one another. It is nice that this set has dual measures at both ends. It is even nice that it includes a half tablespoon measure, though I don't think I've ever had a recipe that calls for it.The drawback is that these are made of very thin metal which leads them prone to bending, the printed measure on each spoon is coming off, and I wouldn't think of exposing these to moisture for an extended period of time because I'd be afraid the magnets which create the magic would fall off.In the end, this is a good idea that was poorly executed.
It looks very sleek and modern. The grind size is clearly marked and easily changes with a twist. The cap is only held via magnet and has a tendency to come off, in fact, it arrived with pepper spilled all over the box because cap had come off and there's no wrapping to speak of.
I drink tea several times a day, mostly black, and some green and herbal teas, too, so my kettles are subjected to heavy use.Out of the box this kettle smelled bad, and in the manual it says to boil and discard the first batch of water. So I did, it smelled much less, I repeated the procedure two more times and then I couldn't detect any smell from it.I really like that fact that it beeps when ready, although the beep is quite loud, as it was mentioned by other reviewers. I want to prepare my tea right when the water is ready as it really improves the taste, so audible ready signal is very important to me. For some reason, in the last several years I couldn't find a good tea kettle that would beep when ready.I like all the safety features the kettle has - like boil-dry shut-off, it shuts off after you lift it from the base, so you need to turn it on again if you need for it to continue warming your water. You can also first boil the water (if you think it is unsafe) and then put the desired temperature, and the kettle will beep when it cools down to the right temperature, which might be nice.For some reason, the kettle also beeps when you put it back on the base, I do not understand why does it have to beep at this time. Unfortunately, it is not only beeps but also trips off my GFCI outlet about every other time I put it on the base. My husband replaced the GFCI outlet thinking it was at fault, but no, the kettle trips the new one still the same. I had to move it to another outlet without GFCI and now it works OK, but I am still concerned.The kettle keeps your water at the right temperature for some time, but only if you don't use rolling boil setting. It shuts off after boiling water for about 40 seconds, which I really like.Also, some other reviewers complained on the water gauge being hidden behind the handle - I would say it is just the right place for it, since it keeps your hand from being burned on hot steel surface. I also found that the spout is big enough to fill the kettle with water without having to open the cover.
Pros of this pot:1. Heats faster than a pot on the stove2. You can program the temperature, so you can make something drinkable temperature from the start, you don't have to wait for it to  cool3. Temperature is accurate, I used a scientific temperature gauge to see if the water temp was correct, and after I set the pot to 180, the water measured at 179.8 degrees.4. Will keep your water at a constant temp for awhile before the auto shut off5. Has a screen inside the spout, so you can add teabags to the water and not have to worry about them coming out of the spout when you pour6. Looks nice7. Unit beeps loudly a few times when the water is ready, unlike a teapot where you have to remove it from the heat source to make the whistling stop8. Good way to reheat tea or coffee to the perfect tempCons:1. Shuts off too quickly, it would be better if it would have a programmable shut off as opposed to a set turn off time2. Pot should be insulated, so if you take it off the heating base and put it on the table, it would stay hotter longer3. While the pot itself is cordless, the unit does not heat up cordlessly.  You could not, say, take this pot camping without having an outlet to plug it into.4. You have to make sure you have a certain amount of water in the pot, you can't heat small amounts of water, or if you had a smaller amount of coffee or tea to reheat, it may not be enough to heat in this pot5. The bottom of the pot seemed to get a rusty like appearance after leaving liquid in there for a few days.  I only had water in there, but it made the bottom of the pot look odd and I can't seem to wash it out.If you have certain kinds of teas that need to be heated to a specific degree, this pot would be perfect.  Or if you don't want to have to jump up to take your teapot off the stove because of the whistling, this pot would be a good alternative.  The main thing to make it better would be for it to be insulated.
The Panasonic MC-CG885 has a lot going for it. It's compact and easy to store, the build quality looks/feels pretty good, it stores attachments on-board so you don't lose them, and rolls easily. I'm particularly fond of the fact that the hose has a swivel coupling to the main unit so you don't have to spend time untangling yourself from the hose after using it. The power cord is a little shorter than other vacs. The auto-rewind feature works fairly well, but occasionally will not rewind the final couple of feet of cord without some coaxing.The suction power on hard floors is excellent -- picks up everything I threw at it without missing a beat. Performance on carpets is decent. It's not great when it comes to pet hair, but a few slow passes will usually do the trick. I like that it has a manual pile height adjustment since the automatic ones never seem to set themselves to the correct height. All adjustments are via a foot pedal, making it easy to switch heights quickly.The vac bag is installed in a rather unique caddy-like device. According to Panasonic, it helps with the airflow so you can get maximum use out of each bag. Not sure if this is actually the case, but it definitely makes it more convenient to take the bag out when its full. It also has a HEPA filter to keep the outgoing air clean, and a foam pre-filter that can be washed. The latter is a nice touch since I've found that keeping the pre-filter clean extends the life of the HEPA filters (which can be pricy to replace).My major complaints center on two issues. First, there's no bare floor brush. It has a power head that can be switched off for hard floors, but the size and shape of the head makes it very difficult to get into the nooks and crannies that tend to collect all the dust balls. There is one brush attachment, but it is very small, and not efficient for floor use.Secondly, I don't think this unit gives you enough "bang for the buck" considering its price tag. I also have a Hoover bagless canister which performs equally well as the Panasonic, has more convenience features (such as a telescoping metal wand, floor brush and washable main filter) and comes in at a far lower cost.In short, this would be close to a five-star vac if it were priced at least $100 less and the operating costs (bags, filters) were less. At its present price, I'd only give it 3 stars.
Our house has hardwood floors so this vacuum posed a challenge, especially since the large head was difficult to navigate in tight corners and around furniture (but it did flatten well under the beds).Two years ago, my wife bought theHoover S3765-040 WindTunnel Electronic Bagless Canister Vacuumfor $195 on Amazon. Both the Hoover and the Panasonic OptiFlow feature a 12-Amp motor, a HEPA filter and retractable power cords but the Panasonic sells for $125 more.After several trials, my wife put the Panasonic in the back room and returned to the Hoover. Here's why she still prefers the Hoover:1. The Hoover offers three-stage suction control that can be adjusted from the handle.2. The Hoover has an adjustable extension wand that is easy to use.3. The Hoover doesn't have a bag. The HEPA filter can be washed, which saves us money by not buying additional bags and filters.4. The Hoover includes a tile floor head that works better on hardwood floors.However, the Panasonic OptiFlow's 14-inch nozzle worked better on area rugs and the dusting brush did a fine job on the blinds. Another positive feature is that the vacuum canister can be stored upright, a real space saver.Additionally, the Panasonic performs quieter than the Hoover, so keep that in mind if noise is important (for example, if you are vacuuming with a sleeping baby in the house).Overall, the Panasonic OptiFlow earns a three-star rating, deducting one star to reflect the points listed above and the other star to reflect the higher price versus the Hoover model.
Panasonic MC-CG885 OptiFlow Lightweight Bag Canister Vacuum CleanerThis vacuum cleaner sucks. There I said it, now that that's out of the way let's get down to the nitty gritty the down and dirty.  For the past five years or so I've only been using bag less vacuums. I have three. A Eureka upright, a Panasonic small canister and a DustBuster. Bag less vacuums are a breed unto themselves. You get to save the cost of the bags but you have to figure out how to empty them without making a bigger mess than you just cleaned up.  You have to supply a bag of some sort so you can contain the dirt and dispose of it neatly.  With a bag vacuum like the MC-CG885 that's not a problem. What IS a problem is the bag inside is quite small and very costly. As Amazon doesn't sell it (yet??) I found it on the Internet for about $6 per bag. For a bag as small as it is, that could be quite an expensive proposition to maintain. My first thought is if you have new carpet, they usually shed for quite a while (my bag less upright pulled up a lot of blue fuzz) and you'll fill these bags very quickly. Going back to my first sentence, this "OptiFlow" has a lot of suction power. That's good it pulled up dirt like nobody's business.To begin back at the beginning, assembling this vacuum was relatively easy. The hose attaches to the body with an easy twist and the wands also go together with positive latching mechanisms that are quite secure. Just make sure you connect the outboard power line so the beater bar and light get their power. It's a simple, one way is right, positive connection. When it's all together I noticed a few issues. There is a hook on the body to support the wand and head in an upright position for storage or rest. It sometimes tips over.  If the head is set to anything other than extra low it always tips over.  It won't park as easily as an upright.  It on the other hand isn't as heavy as a typical upright. It's fairly maneuverable too. It has three free spinning casters on its bottom and they roll easily on carpet or floor. I have both.  The power cord is VERY long so you can plug it in and clean a large area or maybe two rooms.  It retracts easily with the press of the large button on the top of the canister. Under the "hood"  it has hidden storage for the crevice tool and small brush. Both work as expected. The business end of the hose has a pistol type grip and sliding on off switch. This is where you can attach the tools or by disconnecting the head end power cord you can use one of the rods for an extended reach.  The power switch is an Off, Floor, Carpet three position switch. It also controls the beater bar on the head piece.  It operates smoothly and efficiently.I experimented with different heights  for the head end. At its lowest setting it has a tendency to want to pull you forward, It's very strong and digs into the carpet. As I raised it that corrected the situation and still got the cleaning done. Just be careful to get the right height setting.  As for cleaning a floor, not so good. Light or loose dust is fine but for heavier grime you'll need something better for that. It's not a mop.Changing the bag is easy and neat. It rests in a basket that has a handle to lift it out of the body. It's all under the big hood that opens easily. That the bag is small and expensive is the biggest most damning strike on this otherwise fine vacuum. It is also relatively quiet for one that is as powerful as it is. I would love to see Panasonic come up with an emptyable cartridge that would go where the bag is, but that's not going to happen.To sum up. It's strong, quiet, easy to use and does a very good job. I just can't get over the fact that you will be running up serious expenses on bags.UPDATE: March 14: I would raise the Star level to 4 now that Amazon is selling the bags and at a reasonable price (4 for $10). It ends my biggest gripe.
We ordered the Panasonic MC-CG885 OptiFlow on Thursday and it arrived today, Monday, in time for the Christmas Cleanup.This is what is in the box: the canister vacuum itself, two connecting metal wands, the Power Nozzle, the Bare Floor/Carpet cleaner.  Onboard the canister itself are two other attachments:  a small round "duster" and a crevice cleaner.This is what I liked about it:This vacuum cleaner is made of high quality materials and is extremely sturdy and fairly light-weight.  It looks elegant and well-designed.It has rubber "bumpers" on the front so it won't nick the furniture.It is easy and uncomplicated to put together and get it up and running.It is very convenient to have the off/on/bare floor/carpet switch on the handle.It is very convenient not to have to change attachments between bare floor and carpet.It worked worked very well on both bare floor and carpet in open areas and got under the bed with ease.It is easy to store in a small(ish) area.  The vacuum stands on edge and the hose attachment snaps into a "thingie" on the bottom.It has a HEPA filter -- good for people with allergies -- you aren't throwing dust out the back end.It is easy to change the vacuum bag -- there's a nifty lift out basket.This is what I don't like about it:The bare floor/carpet attachment is TOO BIG to get into tight spaces (between pieces of furniture, for example)and there are no attachments included which will get you into those tight spaces.There are ONLY the TWO attachments.  The duster attachment is TOO SMALL to use efficiently in cleaning tight spaces on hard floors; and there is no attachment which will get you into those tight spaces on carpets.Another warning:  hair will get wound on the roller in the bare floor/carpet attachment which will burn out the motor if it isn't removed.  Read the manual for instructions.This is a well-made piece of machinery and will do the job in open areas; but it is rather overpriced.  I bought a Hoover Wind Tunnel Plus in 2007 for $145 and think it is a better option.
This set does all it claims (well, except tight lids, I suppose). It works on my inductive cooker and my gas range. The pots heat evenly (as opposed to Analon'sAnolon Nouvelle Copper Stainless Steel 10-Piece Cookware Set, which do to their shape do not... the sides heat up and scald stuff) do to their shape. The stainless does discolor, but no rust yet. A fine starter set.
My son bought me this for my birthday thinking that I would save a lot of money over the soda I drink. The problem is I really love Coke Zero  and Zero Sprite and I don't touch sugared beverages. This machine generally speaking is a money saver and a good alternative to making Coca Cola and PepsiCo wealthy. Even factoring in the cost of the soda flavors and the cartridges that produce the fizz, this has a lot going for it since it definitely decreases the landfill from cans and bottles. It also effectively reduces what I have to haul from the store to the house.So why the 3*? I don't like the taste of the diet flavors. They have a nasty aftertaste which puts them on par with most diet soft drinks. The reality? I don't get an aftertaste with the Zero products, though I really don't like Diet Coke and most other diet soda. My reaction is 100% me and my sense of taste which is admittedly my problem.As for the regular flavors, my non-diet drinking family loves this. I've tried the regular flavors and they are good.My advice, if you are not attached to a specific brand and are not particularly fussy, you will like this machine.If the diet flavors are tweaked, I'll try it again.
Many people have compared this product's marketing to the razor blade model or to the computer printer model. In those models, you get the product for a good price, but the company makes up for it by selling you supplies. Neither of those comparisons is apt, and a more appropriate one would be with the infomercial model that shows you cost savings with an apples and oranges comparison.The product is fairly basic. The cylinder itself contains the metal valve, and the housing merely gives you a way of holding it, a way of screwing a plastic bottle into a threaded plastic holder, and an injection tube.  With the computer printer model, you get sophisticated electronics, complex moving parts, and in some cases even a scanner and sheet feeder all thrown in at a low price. With this device, you get a few pieces of plastic. If you had to compare the actual parts, complexity, and inherent value of the pieces to a cheap toaster, blender, or $20 waffle maker, those other devices would strike you as giving more for the money. But you do get a cylinder with your purchase, increasing its value.The part about supplies is true however. CO2 is not in itself expensive. A cylinder holds a relatively small amount, yet you pay $15 for a refill despite the relatively low cost of CO2 from other sources. This device is designed intentionally to be incompatible with other sources though.Despite the high price for the device compared to its inherent worth, and the inflated price of refills due to the marketing paradigm, the device is still worthy of serious consideration. Unfortunately, there's no real competition. Seltzer bottles with single charges are not cost effective. Buying cases of plastic bottles of sparkling water can cost more money, leave you with a stream of empty plastic bottles, constant trips to the store, and lots of wasted content when the contents goes flat although the bottle is only half empty.  The Sodastream does a good job, and its hermetically sealed bottle keeps the carbonation level high throughout the life of its contents. [edit: I used to buy 16 oz bottles and dump out about half of the contents when it went flat.]Although there are ample pages of instructions, they contain surprisingly few lines describing the actual process of charging a bottle with gas. It's easy to misunderstand the ambiguous instructions and end up getting half as many bottles out of a single cylinder as what they advertise. "...short bursts until you hear a buzz..." is not a way of defining short bursts. You need to press the button in half second increments. You need to continue with half second presses until you hear a flatulent sound from one of them. Chances are that the next two short presses will result in the same flatulent sound and then you are done. I personally prefer four "buzzes" for the optimal strength.After my first cartridge, and some time researching and watching videos on how to charge things, I kept count of how many charges I'd get out of my second cylinder. After 57 charges, I wasn't able to complete a 58th. Considering the extra 57 presses I used for my desired strength, 60 liters is a pretty accurate expectation.Refills are not cheaply available for single canisters by mail nor are they sold by many dealers. Places like Bed Bath and Beyond will sell you a refill for $15 with a trade in, and with a coupon you might get it for $10. That's about 17 cents a liter, and for me, about 9 cents a liter considering how much flat soda I used to pour out. Depending on how fast you go through bottles, you can calculate your own break even point.I'd recommend owning one of these because it does a very good job and is cost effective, but not for the inherent quality of the machine nor the fairness of refill prices. I'd also recommend having an extra cylinder for uninterrupted usage and the ability to get a refill when convenient rather than needing to make a special trip. If you have a good source of filtered water, preferably a refrigerated dispenser, you won't even need a spare bottle.
From all the reviews I had been reading, I expected the most perfect floor steamer for my home. With great enthusiasm, I unpacked my steamer ready to use it as soon as I read through the instructions. I'm a stickler about following the directions to the letter to make sure a product works exactly the way it was designed. Happily, I flipped through the instruction booklet thankful that it was very clear on proper use. My husband assembled the floor steamer for me and we were ready to go. When I first placed it on its floor protector (cooling) pad, I noticed the handle was a little flimsy. My husband checked to make sure it was properly tightened and set it back on the cooling pad. Once it heated up the required minutes, I picked it up to use it. I noticed immediately that it didn't glide so well across our laminate floors. Several times the wand detached from the unit - not so great considering the machine is VERY HOT to the touch once you've let it heat up and I had to carefully reattach it. Thankfully my floors were not ruined despite the warning that the steamer cannot be in place more than 15 seconds. I am not sure if the threading is not right or if it just loosened up because of the difficulty I had using it on our floors. Finally, I gave up and put it back on its cooling pad. It's now in its box ready to ship back to Amazon. After talking with friends, I believe the Shark will be a better buy for my family. It might cost a bit more, but I'd rather get something that would work for my floors. I also would like something with a longer cord. This steamer barely let me do my kitchen with its tiny cord. I had to unplug it and replug it often during use. I did give it 3 stars, however, because while it wasn't the greatest purchase for my floors, it did leave them clean. I would think this type of steamer would be best used on tiled floors.
I just lowered my rating from 4 stars to 3.  I really like this mop when I used it to use my traditional porcelain tiles.  It did a great job of cleaning, was easy to use, and the pads looked like they would last forever.  See all the good and not so good things I had to say below.The reason for lowering my rating is because this mop just doesn't work on my new tile flooring.  I have some of the wood-look porcelain tiles, and they are fairly heavily textured.  When I use this mop on those floors, the pad bunches up, and pretty soon I'm mopping with the edges of the mop instead of the pad hitting the floor.  I've tried making the pad as tight as possible, readjusting it after it gets wet, mopping more slowly, readjusting again, and of course, mopping with the "grain."  Nope, it just doesn't work well.  And these heavy duty pads started shredding, actually developed holes.While this is still a good steamer for relatively smooth tile, it just doesn't work well with the heavily textured stuff.(Original Review)Thank you to previous reviewers who convinced me that this is the steam mop I want.This is my first steam mop, and I really do like it.  It is easy to use and does a great job of cleaning with just water.  Unlike some reviewers' experiences, this worked perfectly the very first time I used not, not leaving the floors too wet.  I like that I can sanitize with it, no chemicals involved.The pads that some people have said shrink too much have been no problem at all.  I threw mine in the washer, intending to line-dry it rather than put it in the dryer.  Well, that didn't happen - it ended up in the dryer on high heat.  I don't know whether it shrank at all but if it did, it was certainly not too much.  In fact, after multiple washings and dryings, it is still a bit large.  I have to make sure it is centered or there is too much cloth bunching at one side.  The pads are holding up really well, and I doubt that I will need to buy more for quite some time.  I haven't tried other reviewers' suggestions of using dish towels yet.My floors are grouted ceramic tile and really ugly carpet (that stuff has to go one of these days).  I didn't expect this steamer to clean the grout really well, and it doesn't.  I'm afraid that has to be a once-in-awhile, on hands and knees, scrub with a brush task.  But the tile, a matte finish, not shiny, looks great after cleaning.It is a little awkward to carry the cleaner with its little (flimsy seeming, but it has held up so far) tray from one room to another, especially if I am also toting the measuring cup and funnel.  I wish that the tray would attach and could be detached when I'm ready to start mopping.Also, the mop shouldn't be overfilled, but I don't know how much water is left when I want to refill before going to another room.  So far, that hasn't caused a problem but it would be nice if there were some sort of gauge or window for water level.I have a cat who is a very messy eater, and any little bits of stuck-on food clean up, sometimes immediately and sometimes with leaving the mop in place a few seconds longer.And that brings me to a drawback of all steam mops, at least that's my assumption.  No matter how carefully I sweep or vacuum, there are always missed little bits of something on the floor.  With a bucket and mop, the mop will pick those up and I just rinse the mop in the bucket, leaving the bits in the water.  With this one, because there is no bucket, I have to pick up and throw away any little bits I find.  Of course, the up side of this is that I am always cleaning with fresh, pure water, not with a mop and water that is inevitably dirty no matter what care I take or how often I change the water in the bucket.
I was so excited for a steam mop, but I have to say I'm very disappointed in this.  It does produce steam, but not all that much.  When you mop with it the floors get more wet than steamed.  The instructions say it should dry in minutes, but there is just no way.  My floor isn't soaked, but it's wet.  Picking up the mop you can clearly see the steam, but when you start to mop it doesn't do much.  It's basically like rinsing your floors off in hot water.  Yes, I followed all the suggestions given in reviews and it doesn't do do the job. The first time water will leak - yes, but while it doesn't leak now it still doesn't actually work all that well.  Then I let it heat up for close to 10 minutes.  I did that, saw some steam and yet again... hot wet floors.Even if to does eventually work correctly it shouldn't take this long to self adjust and actually work.  50 dollars isn't a lot, but it's pricey for a mop and it should work better out of the box. I'll gladly change my review if things change, but right now I can basically use hot water and a mop and get the same results.  I'll keep trying, but this looks I'll have to return this.ETA: After refilling it about a dozen times it's miraculously works pretty well now.  I won't send it back, but I wouldn't buy it again. My suggestion is don't buy this thing, but if you have already bought it keep trying and filling it up and it might actually start working.  It still should not take that long to actually work.  I'm also really not a fan of the pad it comes with or the plastic holder you have to put it in.  The cord is also too short.  Overall, I'll give it 3 stars for actually working finally.
I bought this, my first experience with steam mops, based on the positive reviews here, and I am honestly on-the-fence about my purchase satisfaction. My primary use is for the tile in my kitchen (and possibly for two bathrooms).  It only takes about five minutes for the unit to get hot enough to produce steam, which is nice.  And the steam gets hot enough to make the floor tiles hot if you leave it in place for a minute, which is good for getting off the stuck-on messes associated with kitchen spills.  The unit steams and cleans well when the pads are dry/first used, but once the pads get wet from the steam, which is only after about 10 minutes of cleaning, then it's water water everywhere! I think I am going to look into buying extra pads.  The unit comes with two, which I swap out mid-clean, but I need more than that just to cover my 14x14 kitchen floor without leaving the tiles soaking wet from a wet pad, and then having to go over them with an old towel.  I was hoping I could steam a larger area without the watery mess, hence only three stars in my review.
I bought this Eureka Enviro Hard Surface Floor Steamer to help keep my tile and hardwood floors cleaner.  I read over 100 reviews on the Shark, Eureka and several other models (there are some amazingly detailed reviews out there!) and decided on this one.  The price wasn't as important to me as how well it steamed my floors.  I also read that it takes a time or two for the machine to get broken in and work properly, so I was prepared for that.I tried it four times on my kitchen floor, and I'm underwhelmed.  It does emit steam, but even when leaving the steamer on the same tile for 20 seconds, it never gets more than just warm.  Plus it leaves my floor wet for 15 minutes afterwards.  I got about 10 minutes of steam from each fill of water, but I felt I had to go SLOWLY over and over the same spot to get it clean and even slightly sterilized.  Another big drawback was the amount of time it took to do the floor.  I could easily spend an hour doing my eat in kitchen one tile at a time.So I'm going to return this item (thank you Amazon for your great returns policy) and go back to my trusty sponge mop and bucket.  A dash of soapy ammonia in the water and I can get the job done in 10 minutes.  The last thing I need is another so-so appliance cluttering up my house.
I purchased this Eureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer,313A and have used it for several months, however it was pretty limited in its cleaning abilities, and the handle felt rather flimsy.  It doesn't hold much water so you have to stop quite often to refill with the provided cup and funnel.  There is no water level visual indicator so you just never know how much water is remaining.  To fill this you remove a metal screw on cap on the top of the steamer head, and it gets hot!This has a resting mat included, however it is pretty cheap and does nothing to protect the floors from the steam.  I set the mop on the mat to answer the door and within just a moment this had made white steam marks on my wood floor.I'm now usingBlack & Decker BDH1850SM 2-in-1 Steam Mop.  I like having the detachable handheld unit and find I can clean & sanitize so much more now.
This cherry pit remover (referred to as the cherry stoner on the box) will do the job.  The receptacle funnels down one cherry at a time to a hole, where you push down on a handle. The handle is spring loaded. A small cross-shaped blade inside the handle pushes through the cherry's center, pushing the stone out. when the blade retracts, the remainder of the cherry rolls out the spout.This item has virtually NO SAFETY GUARDS on it to prevent the blade from punching through whatever might be in the receptacle, so don't leave it out for the kids to play with!The item doesn't really collapse into a smaller size at all, so make sure you have plent of room in a cupboard for it.  You won't want to leave it out on the counter if you have curious kids.When I first tried it out, I didn't use the rubber gaskets with the "plus-sign shaped" openings in them.  These are important. They prevent the cherry from sticking on the "stoner blade" and going up into the handle.I've included some pictures of the parts, close up, that I will add separately.
I bought this to replace a scale that required button batteries, just because it was too much trouble and expense to buy $8 batteries for an $11 scale.  This one had everything I was looking for - AAA batteries, good size, metric options - and works fine.  However, it's entirely plastic and seems really flimsy.  Since my old scale had a metal cover and thick plastic body, it felt much more durable.  This one also has a very noticeable delay when weighing liquids.  This is fine if you pour REALLY slowly, but plan to over-pour most of the time.  Overall, it's fine, but I'll probably replace it when I find something more sturdy and higher quality.
I actually expected a metal scale, not 100% plastic. The buttons are very stiff and sometimes take a few presses to work. Plus I wanted a scale - not an eating program. This is the first kitchen scale I have seen with an 11 lb capacity that does not display lbs/oz. For example, I want to see 5 lbs 8 oz. Not 5.5 lbs. I should not have to convert fractions to ounces every time. The only other option is all ounces, but then I have to calculate 16 oz per pound. Yea, it's simple - but it's a pain.  I actually expected this scale to real lbs/oz. If I could I would return it, but Amazon hits for restocking and shipping. Not worth the loss. So much for the product's satisfaction guarantee.
I bought this vacuum based on the rave reviews on Amazon. We just got hardwood (bamboo) floors installed, and needed something to pick up all the pet hair we have. We have 3 dogs and a cat, and thus have immense amounts of pet hair. We have area rugs dispersed throughout, which this vacuum is supposed to handle.This is a very light, easily maneuverable vacuum. It turns on a dime, the head locks when you need it (and sometimes when you don't), and is the lightest vacuum I've ever used. It's relatively quiet, and has an optional brush head that turns on with a switch.This picks up piles of pet hair and dust on hardwood just fine (using suction without the rotating brush). You can turn the brush on when you are going over area rugs or carpet.In my experience, this picks up hair well on hardwood but does NOT pick it up well on rugs/carpet. All it really does is spread the hair around instead of picking it up.One of the most annoying things is that after I've gone around the hardwood, it seems hair balls get stuck on the edges of the head. As soon as I roll onto carpet, absolutely all the hair comes off the vacuum head and gets dumped on the rugs. It's super annoying, and it happens constantly.The battery doesn't last as long as you'd hope, but it's reasonable.The container holds a moderate amount of dirt, but not tons. The container seems like it won't fit back in, but it does.Overall it's the best performing stick vacuum I've tried (and I've tried many). Just don't expect full size vacuum performance.
I gave this item a few test runs when family loaned it while on vacation, which is fortunate since I incline towards buying a new vacuum product if it even sounds a little good. And this one sounds great.And I would say it does some things very well. My home is a basic non-McMansion style with hardwood and tile floors, and one area rug. That darned rug foils me since you can't Swiffer an area rug. (Curses!)The Hoover Linx is lightweight in a user-friendly way, but not insubstantial. It moves easily. Pulled bits nicely away from the floorboards. And oh, how I love NOT being tethered to the wall. The battery life, in my home, was suitable for a zippy once-twice over. With the brushes running, it does an acceptable job on the large area rug. I wouldn't call it a deep-pile cleaner, though. Did a good job on an odd, river-rock tile bathroom floor that Swiffer can't touch, too. And cleaning the accumulated muck from the dust bin was easy -- open the bottom over a trash can and the muck falls out.However.You do not want to suck anything like a brittle leaf or tissue into this Hoover. It will jam in the wand and then you will be reaching in to pull out all the accumulated yuck out of said wand, and who wants to do that? Not to mention that for most of your vacuuming time you might be burning out the motor and wondering why nothing is getting cleaned. Check the wand.Tap the Linx against the edge of the couch while you're vacuuming and the dirt bin will fly off.And the Linx doesn't reach comfortably under the furniture so you might need to Swiffer anyway. Unless you're moving all the furniture around. I, myself, am not.I think this product has the heart of something that is going to be really great in the next generation. I'll wait.
The Linx is attractive, light, and easy to use. Unfortunately, it's not very good at its primary function: vacuuming.The main problem is that the base lacks ballast, so it doesn't form a seal with the floor. That means that dust gets pushed out, filling the air. It also makes maneuvering clumsy.I'll admit that I'm spoiled, having formerly used a Dyson Ball vacuum. The Dyson costs more than twice as much, and it's not cordless. But it left my floors cleaner than the Hoover does, and it was an absolute pleasure to use. In a world where Dysons exist, I don't see much use for the Hoover Linx.
I purchased this vacuum two years ago and I am a huge fan. Its great, the battery lasts and I love using it.Even after taking very good care of it, cleaning and making sure dust seal is always In place, my vacuum finally gave out. Even with all my careful use, there were a few times when I went to clean and found, to my horror, seal did come loose, seemingly completely by itself. It now makes an extremely loud noise when I run it, and I believe there is a dust block somewhere inside sealed motor housing. I am also considering taking it to vacuum repair place, as it's expensive to buy another one. I will post an update to this review If I do decide to repair.
This is a nice shower curtain/Liner that was made in China. The metal rings do a nice job of holding the liner. The hype about no mildew is just plain BS. Of course it will mildew just as every shower liner does. My bath has a window  and it well vented. I installed a ceiling vent with very effective drawing power but mildew is as certain as a politician's lies.Although this liner does its job nicely I will look for a replacement that is made in the USA. We need some jobs here.
As other reviewers have noted, these tongs are beautiful. Unfortunately, I haven't found them as useful as others have, due to their stiffness/narrowness and difficulty cleaning the little ridges at the ends.I'm trying to reduce the amount of plastic in my kitchen, and I thought these would quickly become a staple for using with my non-stick and enameled pans that could be damaged by metal. They've now been in my kitchen for about a month, but haven't caught on in the way I thought they would.The first use I found for the large set was while braising short ribs in an enameled pot. They were *almost* perfect, but because they weren't quite wide enough to fit all the way around the meat, part of the meat ended up falling off the bone. Boded well for dinner, but not for presentation. :-) Some of the browned meat also got stuck in the grooves, and was difficult to get out. Another reviewer suggests a vegetable brush, which I think sounds like a good idea, and I'll try that next time. The next use was for serving kale out of a non-stick pan. Even the large tongs are capable of serving up modest amounts at a time, though, and were too thick to get the last bits out (maybe because of the rounded edges?).Since those initial two uses, I've probably reached for them a handful of times or so, and every time I've felt like they were *close* but just not quite the right tool for the job. Tom Douglas has two recommended uses for them: serving bread and serving dumplings. Well, we usually serve bread with our hands, and I don't know the last time I made dumplings. I can easily see, though, that they'd work well for those purposes, so if that's what you're looking for, this is a beautiful and very attractively priced set. Otherwise, they might have a place in your kitchen, but they aren't quite a perfect solution.
In most cases I am all about the bamboo.  Every since getting my firstTotally Bamboo Kauai Cutting Boardand changing over my wooden spoons to bamboo, I have been on the lookout for things in my kitchen I can replace with bamboo.Not only is it ecologically friendly, I find bamboo to be beautiful and just as useful as any other wood. (although bamboo is technically a grass and not a wood).  Some of those expensive olive wood spoons look fantastic but you can buy a full set of equally-beautiful bamboo spoons for the same price.Unfortunately, while bamboo might replace other woods, apparently it doesn't replace metal.  Because these "Tom Douglas by Pinzon Bamboo Tongs, Set of 2" just don't work very well as a set of kitchen tongs.You get two tongs in this set, one wider and flatter and the other longer and narrower.  The tongs are fairly stiff, being a flexible wood rather than being hinged.  There is no lock function, and it does take a bit of effort to manipulate them and keep them closed. As expected, they look absolutely beautiful, but are just not useful enough.Because of the stiff action, I had trouble using the tongs to navigate more delicate items.  They were fine for gripping something solid, like flipping a steak, but I had a more difficult time picking up my deep-frying tofu and keeping it intact.  Anything that can be mushed will be mushed by these tongs.Cleaning them is also a pain.  The "griping" action is achieved by a series of grooves on the bottom of the tongs, but anything grooved gets packed with food pretty quickly when cooking.  Not only does this reduce their ability to grab food while cooking, I had to take a knife to the grooves in order to clean them out.  I have since heard that a vegetable brush could do the trick, and that sounds useful, but still an extra cleaning step I don't really want to take.For non-stick pans or places where you don't want to scratch with metal tongs, these might serve as a viable replacement.  But there is no way they will become the primary tongs in your kitchen allowing you to toss the other ones out.
I suffer from sinus problems, especially in the winter months when the heat is on a lot. I thought the mist humidifier would help my sinusitis. It's a fairly large humidifier and appears cheaply made. It's mostly made of plastic, which is worrisome with a heated product. The instructions were easy to follow; add cold water to the water tank and place it on device, turn it on. Naturally it takes a few minutes to start working. I appreciate the fact that the dial lights up when in use-then turns off when it's out of water. It's a little bit too noisy for sleeping comfort. Plus, I just didn't feel comfortable leaving it on overnight-which is when I need to use it. Overall, it's ok, but I think there are better humidifiers available.Pros:-Light up dial-Automatic shut off when out of water (light turns off too)-Large capacity for waterCons:-Cheaply made with plastic-Somewhat noisy
This Crane humidifier gets the job done, although the design is a little strange to me. The water tank has a handle, but you are repeatedly cautioned in the manual not to carry it by the handle. So why is it there? The shape of the tank is such that it curves around in a U shape, which is also kind of strange and makes it harder to seat the tank when the dial is facing toward you, but I can live with it. Once assembled and working, its footprint is tidy and neat, and the dial is lighted.I opted to use filtered water in this humidifier (from my Big Berkey) and so far have had no problems with deposits of any kind, but I've only been running it a little more than a week. The medicine cup is easily removed, which is handy for filling in the bathroom. I haven't had any trouble with overheating as some others have reported, but I also have turned it off in the morning before all the water had run out overnight. (I use it on the low setting, which is very quiet and leaves the air moist but not overly wet.)One thing that concerns me about this unit is that it is not at all clear where the reset button is. The arrow in the manual points to the right side of the unit as you face the dial, but clearly there is no button there. You are cautioned to be sure to press the reset button if the unit should shut off from overheating, and I swear there was a note somewhere in the tiny type of the manual to reset it "using a pencil or pen" each time you clean it. (Now, doesn't that suggest a small reset button that is hard to push with one's finger? That would rule out the big pushable thing on the underside of the humidifier that seems to be more of a sensor of some kind in case the unit leaks.)The underside of the unit that one would have to turn over (with water in it, because a good bit of water falls down into the lower basin from the tank) in order to press a reset button if the unit overheats seems to be a poorly considered design choice, if that's indeed what that underside button is. If the reset button is something else, and other people have had as hard a time finding it as I have, maybe that's why their units failed. After the holidays, I will have to call customer service and resolve this question, but ideally a buyer shouldn't have to do that. The manual should be more clear.
The Bodum is lightweight, unobtrusive, and modern in appearance.Easy control levers, and storage for cord means less space in cabinet or counter.Easy clean tray eliminates nasty build up of crumbs.After a weekend of guests using the toaster, the consensus was that it delivered slowly, needing more than one round of toasting.  Comparisons were made by those who had the Cusinart toaster...a much pricier version but winning hands down.The Bodum is fine for those on a budget, anticipating upgrading, but my next toaster would be the Cusinart.A plus feature that would have given it an extra half star in the pop up bun and roll warm rack...it is a great feature.
I wish I could give this toaster a higher rating but it's limitations prevent me from doing so.  As others have mentioned, the unit itself is very nice to look at and seems very well made.  But, unfortunately, its role as a toaster is limited in that the slots for bread are too thin.  I tried toasting a bagel and had to force the bottom half into its slot.  So you're already limited in what you can toast.  Additionally, it is a toaster and performs like every other toaster I've had/tried, not better or worse.  Price at the moment is good, but if you're going to be toasting larger pieces of bread then you can skip this toaster.
This Bodum Bistro 2-Slice Toaster with bun warmer was sent to me by Amazon Vine for review. Here's my take on it.It's an attractive 900-watt, 2-slice stainless-steel toaster with an attractive rubberized exterior, adjustable-width slots, and a pop-up warming rack. Defrost and cancel buttons and an adjustment for variable browning and temperature settings complete the simplicity of the function and design. A cord retainer lets the user adjust so just the right amount of cord protrudes from the footed base. A removable tray allows for quick cleanup.The toaster is small, measuring just a little over 12 inches by almost 8 inches by 10 plus inches high (measurements are in metric so I have rounded off for US users).The design is simple, attractive and functional, features desired in an inexpensive model. I like the way it looks on my kitchen counter: the small size is more in keeping with the designated space than the Cuisinart toaster previously used.Instructions suggest operating the unit without bread for five minutes to rid it of the bakelite odor associated with a new heating device. I did this and, voila! No more smell. I then toasted two slices of bread, one a gluten-free type, the other an artisan, whole-grain black bread. The first, comparable to most lighter types of bread toasted to a perfect golden brown on the number 2 setting, while the dark slice toasted to a beautiful darker brown on the high setting-exactly as my husband prefers. Because the heating units are closer to the bread, and possibly because this toaster is considerably newer than the Cuisinart, the bread toasted very quickly-in about half the time, a big plus if you're making toast for more than two people.I have not used the bun warming rack, and probably won't, but it's a nice feature to have, even if the rack is a bit flimsy.The only drawback in comparing it to the Cuisinart is the capacity-this unit fits only standard-sized slices. An oval, country-sized loaf would require the slices to be cut in half to fit the bread slots. That said, it seems the perfect toaster unit for my husband and me, and I love how it fits the decor of our kitchen.UPDATE: After a few weeks of daily use, I must say the toaster operates superbly. Toast comes out evenly toasted and finishes quicker than in my older Cuisinart. The rubber exterior is a snap to keep clean, and the smaller footprint is a definite plus. Only once did I toast a slice of bread where I needed to cut it in half to fit the slot.UPDATE: June 9, 2014: The Bodum toaster is toast. It operated well for 3 1/2 years under optimal conditions (immaculately maintained kitchen and appliances. Only used for toasting bread.) Today a weld on an inner wire sizzled and broke. Maybe 3 1/2 years is really the typical life expectancy of toasters today, however, I just put back into service the 22 year-old Cuisinart I stored when the Bodum arrived, and it's still working like a champ. So, taking off one star for poor life expectancy.
I wanted this primarily as a replacement for my plastic immersion blender because I didn't like putting plastic into hot soup. I also wanted a longer blender that would get to the bottom of a deep soup pot. This product met both criteria, and I was very pleased with the way it pureed a large batch of pea soup. The additional blades and attachments are great for tasks such as making smoothies and processing small quantities of food. That said, I have mixed feelings about this immersion blender. Here is my summary of pros and cons:Pros:Stainless steel bodyMany attachmentsNumerous power settingsCons:Blades don't go on easily, and removing them is even more difficult.The tool for removing the blades is flimsy, and I doubt it will last long.Very heavy.Since I have only used the product a couple of times, I can't comment on the longevity. I will add information in the future if there is anything useful to add.
I own another Immersion blender that I have used for about 2 years, but the  Miallegro 9080 Mitutto was more powerful and came with a variety of attachments, so I thought I'd give it a try. The blender is 450 watts, so it has plenty of power for soup, which is what I mainly use it for. It comes with a variety of attachments, for whipping, pureeing and chopping. The idea is great but the design is a bit awkward for installing the attachments. My big complaint, is the attachment removal tool. The first time I used the tool to remove an attached blade, the tool bent. The tool really needs to be made from better material. The blender is heavy duty and made well, but the attachments and components are not.
The basic concept of the MiTutto is not bad. It's sort of a Dremel tool for the kitchen in that the main unit can serve many purposes with its various attachments. The 9080 is a 450 Watt device, and a 550 Watt version (the 9090) is also available. This 9080 unit is of reasonably sturdy plastic and stainless steel construction, and has a dial control for multiple speeds, as well as a turbo button for even more speed when needed. The MiTutto comes with six attachments: a chopper bowl for food processing tasks; a whisk for whipping and mixing; and four different blades for chopping, blending, aerating and pureeing. I suspect that most users will employ the chopper bowl very little, as almost every kitchen has as least one food processor. (Though the MiTutto does provide a bit more flexibility than most processors.) Also included: a measuring beaker, (clear plastic; will probably break fairly quickly) a wall- mounting bracket, and a blade-removal tool. (Blades fit rather tightly, and one may cut oneself if removing them with bare hands.) The owner's manual is in both English and Spanish languages and is sufficiently informational.Some caveats: You'll want to be pretty thorough in cleaning, as there are some nooks and crannies in which liquids and particles could hide. When using the 9080 as a hand-held blender, extreme caution is advised, as the very sharp steel blades are almost fully exposed. According to the manual, you should not operate the blender for more than one minute or the chopper bowl for more than twenty seconds without stopping, which tells me that the motor may be prone to overheating, and that the chopper bowl may not be all that sturdy. The manual also states that the accessories will not scratch or damage pots or bowls, but I have trouble believing that, as the shaft and blades are stainless steel. I'd say that it's best to reserve a bowl especially for use with this tool.My tests indicate that the MiTutto works very well. Whether its somewhat high price (compared to normal hand blenders) is justified is your call- I have a hand blender that's been around for decades and cost a fraction of the 9080's price. As to longevity, it's hard to say...the MiTutto seems pretty sturdy. If I run into any problems later, I will edit this review accordingly. This unit does carry a 15 month warranty for non-commercial use...make of that what you will. One more thing: the 550 watt 9090 can, at this writing, be had CHEAPER from amazon than this 450 watt version! Does that make any sense?
First I need to make clear I'm no expert at this sort of thing. I'm used to dollar store knives, & these are miles beyond anything I've ever purchased. As another reviewer also stated, I received these as a reviewer through Vine, it's unlikely I would have spent this much on any type cookware.These knives appear to be of superb quality, & are extremely sharp.One major negative:1. Again as others have mentioned, while these are advertised as Japanese steel, they are actually "Made In China". A prospective purchaser is not given this information until after purchase. Due to the known issues of poison & harmful chemicals being routinely added to almost all goods from China, I do not knowingly purchase anything from mainland China. To me that's a HUGE negative.& a couple thoughts:1. I wish they were dishwasher safe, but I understand that high end products such as this usually aren't.2. The way my kitchen is designed, there's nowhere to put the magnetic hanging strip. I don't at all blame Ginsu for that though, I have a teeny kitchen.3. It's extremely important to keep pets & children far away from anything this sharp!Summing up, I would be very impressed if it wasn't for the Made In China issue.
"An entire set of Ginsu knives? In my very own home?" The allure of bright crimson Ginsu knives adorning my kitchen was too strong to deny.Sure, like so many Americans, there's already an obligatory "You got married, and I was at Williams-Sonoma, so here's your Henckels set" butcher block on my counter, but it could not satiate my need for Ginsu -- the brand famous for slicing a can, a rusty nail, and yet, remaining sharp enough to slice a tomato...The day the box arrived, I wasn't really sure what was in it. In fact, it wasn't until I pulled a knife out that I knew that I hadn't been sent a wrong package. If you're thinking about giving this set to someone as a gift, know going in to it that the presentation is about as stingy looking as you can possibly get.Fortunately, my Ginsu knives arrived in decent condition. And I suppose I'm one of the fortunate ones who received a crimson set that's actually crimson. So, I cleaned them off and started to slice. I sliced and diced, and throughout my slicing and dicing, noticed that the oddly-curved handle was becoming increasingly less comfortable as time went on.Yes, the carrots were chopped nicely, but my wrist was starting to cramp a little. I switched off to a different knife, but it didn't help very much. Overall, it felt like Ginsu was trying to give the appearance of something with ergonomic design in mind, but didn't pay much attention to the actual ergonomics. At least, for a guy with fairly average sized hands.Although the knives were all quite sharp, the design and handling really took some getting used to for any sort of precision cutting. And the more I looked at the knives, the more I started to realize that they look and feel like something that you'd get on sale at Target, bundled with a similarly shaped and colored toaster. The overall feel just didn't seem to match up with the price.If you're a Ginsu aficionado, this is probably the set for you. But otherwise, there are a lot of other sets from other manufacturers that hit this price range, which are likely to have better quality handles, and won't look so dated in five years.
If you were to take US steel/wood/titanium and then ship it all to China to build a product, it is made in China.Sure, the marketing "US material" sounds really good, but the truth is, the product is made in China, and Amazon did a very poor job conveying that in the product description.That said, the knives appear to be of good quality (except the paint) and I don't have anything against Chinese made goods in general, just against the misleading product title.I will comment on durability after several months of use.My other main gripe, the Amazon color description: "Crimson Colored Handles".This would be better served by calling it "Ugly hot pink shiny handles". It won't match anything in your kitchen - guaranteed. Some other reviewers comment the handles as not being quite red, but truth be told, this is simply not red, not even remotely close, nobody should be allowed to call it that. Let alone "crimson" ie - deep red. It is hot pink. Stay away from these, unless you really, really like hot pink.For the black handles I'd give the product 4 stars. The 3 stars reflect the terribly misleading title and the horrible bright handles it has.When you actually buy the product, the box and description do not say "crimson" anywhere, so maybe Amazon hadn't actually seen the finished product before selling it? (It says they are made exclusively for Amazon)I could take another star off for the packaging. For a product of this price, the packaging is incredibly cheap. There is no nice box, no label, nothing. You get an unbranded cardboard box, and all the knives are thrown together in there one on top of the other. Yes, they put some paper/plastic covers, but some knives had cut through the tip of the paper.Also, the paint looks a bit cheap, so I would suggest staying away of all colors except the black ones.Ok - with the bad stuff out of the way, the good things:- They are heavier than stamped knives- The blades are obviously high quality and very sharp, you can feel it and see it- The balance is pretty good- Did I say sharp?- Lifetime warranty (you can send them off and they will sharpen them for you at no additional cost - except shipping)- The magnetic strip is of really high quality (also very heavy duty, knives stick to it no problem - making wholes that big on your walls is another story. It does come with the necessary pieces for hanging it in case you are wondering).Overall, the knives are hard to recommend, even the black handles.
Without the textured/pebbled &#8220;ice&#8221; finish, I think this unit would be pretty much indistinguishable from storage you can find at a dollar store or similar.  The finish makes it attractive in a dressing table setting.  (Modern with clean lines would be the most complimentary.)  But it doesn&#8217;t seem built to last.  The drawers aren&#8217;t fitted, the molded plastic has those telltale center &#8220;extrusion point&#8221; marks (like you see on the underside of an acrylic drinking glass) and I think you might have to pack it as carefully as real glass if you wanted it to survive a move.  Plus &#8211; if it&#8217;s anything like those acrylic drinking glasses &#8211; it will cloud and craze with years due to the accumulation of often minor impacts.The era of cheap Chinese imports is fading; now it&#8217;s pricey Chinese imports, even if not of the highest quality, and the decision is whether to pony up double the price for something that might last &#8211; I&#8217;m talking Lucite quality/thickness -- or look for something vintage/resale/consignment.  I&#8217;m not exactly the Ikea-shunning, heirloom-pieces-only type, but this one&#8217;s a bit too &#8220;teen&#8217;s room&#8221; even for me.Good horizontal storage, but a lot of things like brushes and eye/lip pencils can be held more compactly in a vertical space. As part of a mix of containers, it might be nice.  This product line with the pebbled finish has a bunch of choices, so if you don&#8217;t care about how they&#8217;ll hold up over the long haul, you can create a handsome storage system that doesn&#8217;t need to be hidden in a drawer.
This  organizer is quite sturdy and good size.  For my personal use I found it be lacking in compartments I could really use. It has several small compartments  items that are  for holding lipstick size  items which  for me is not something I would use ( I wear one lipstick) . Not much else will fit in these compartments.  The drawers are good size, slide open smoothly and can hold the many  eye shadow and cosmetic brushes I have. It is attractive and looks nice on the vanity. Price wise I feel it is over priced and would not pay $24 for something like this made out of plastic.
I have had this steamer for 2 years now.  At first I loved it and was extremely impressed with how much dirt it got up considering at the time we had a maid who mopped weekly.  I really liked that it heated up so quickly and the head could be flipped over.  Over time, I started noticing some flaws.  It seemed to leak, leaving puddles around on the floor.  The mop heads continuously clogged so that it would steam out of places it wasn't supposed to and not out of where it was supposed to.  We would meticulously clean it but it would clog again very quickly.  We have a whole house softener and whole house filter so I would think our water would be pretty good.  Once I started playing closer attention I also realized my floors were hazy after mopping with it.  To get up dry spills, you have to pump the head and stay in the same place for a bit.  I think it would be nice if a cloth pocket that had an abrasive strip was available for those of us who have all tile floors so we could speed the process.Overall, I think it is okay.  It does a pretty good job but seems to have clogging issues that can make it inoperable.  If you are handy, you can take the heads apart and get them working again, but it is a nuisance.  If you don't need to use it frequently or just need it for a small area, then for the price it is a decent choice.
We take ironing seriously in our home.  We currently own a Rowenta Pressure Iron and Steamer, as well as a Rowenta Iron from their Professional Series.  I tested out this new Panasonic Steam Iron for a few weeks and have mixed feelings on the unit.First of all, I do like the color scheme.  It is black and silver, unlike your standard white or beige iron.  Right off the bat, it looks more modern than my Rowenta Professional Series iron.  Other than that, it's pretty typical with a turn dial, steam and water buttons, and a water level indicator.  It also has an orange on/off light.The claim to fame of this new Panasonic model is the 360 degree turn ability.  This is supposed to let you iron in any direction, and therefore cut down on your ironing time.  I guess I've been ironing incorrectly all these years, because I always iron in various directions without any problems.The supposed bonus of this new faceplate design is that it's bigger than both of my Rowenta irons.  Therefore, you'd expect it to cover more ground.  But after weeks of ironing, I didn't feel this was the case.  It took longer to smooth out wrinkles and lines in my clothing.  I think it just comes down to the performance factor.  Even when using my standard Rowenta, I feel that it's substantial and doing a great job of ironing.  When I use this Panasonic, I don't get that same feeling.  It almost feels cheap and flimsy in my hand, and I don't get the smoothness I expect right away.Of course, Rowenta irons are more expensive, so you have to decide on the cost-benefit factor.  I could picture having this iron in a guest bedroom or as a backup iron, but I wouldn't want to use it as my primary iron.
For context, my present iron is theBlack & Decker D2030 Auto-Off Digital Advantage Ironwhich is a best-selling iron recommended by a "leading consumer magazine" and one that I am very pleased with.  (Note:  The D2030 seems to have been updated and the new model isBlack & Decker D5000 Digital Evolution Iron, White.)  Most people choosing an iron in this middle price range will be looking at the Black & Decker so in reviewing this Panasonic iron, I will do something different from a normal review and do a direct comparison to the Black & Decker which is the one to beat (and in the end the one I do prefer).  The pricing is comparable and they are both made in China and seem well-constructed and have an auto-off feature.First of all, I'm not impressed by the much-ballyhooed 360-Degree Quick Multi-Directional feature.  Instead of having a sole plate shaped like an iron, it is shaped like a boat with a point at both ends.  It is a good quality plate and appears to be cast rather than a folded sheet of stainless steel as on the B&D.;  The surface texture reminds me of the old Teflon pans and is not as smooth and does not glide as well although it does fine.  I iron in both directions anyway (have I been doing it wrong all these years?) and mostly use the point to get up next to seams and around buttons so having another point at the bottom is not helpful.  I experimented a lot and do not see how this could save time or effort.  Others may disagree and it certainly seems like a good idea but in practice is of little use.The Panasonic is slightly lighter than the B&D; but the center of gravity is higher and gets even higher when filled with water.  This makes the iron unstable and more likely to tip to one side.  The higher center of gravity also makes it harder to set upright and causes it flop down quickly from the upright position.  This is a safety issue as well as a cause of additional stress on the wrist.  I never noticed how many times I pick up and set down the iron until it was flopping around!The plastic in the Panasonic seems more brittle than the softer, more flexible plastic in the B&D.;  This is mostly a problem on the handle where it is less comfortable.  It also lacks the soft rubbery grip of the B&D.;  The legs seem like they would break easily if the iron were dropped.  In addition, there are several pieces of plastic joining together at the feet.  If a leg breaks, this iron is garbage because it will not stand up whereas the B&D; might.  Who knows, in laboratory tests it may be even more durable but the Panasonic plastic just feels cheaper.The temperature adjustment dial (with the fabric guide on it) is under the handle and is hard to see and awkward to adjust.  The silver type on a black background would be difficult to make out even if it were not under the handle.  This dial is also the on/off  mechanism so the location is a safety issue.  To make matters worse, the red "on" light is under the dial, also partially hidden by the handle.  The location of the dial and light alone makes me unable to highly recommend this iron.As far as heating up, the Panasonic does that well and the temperature variation is noticeable between settings.  This iron also sprays and steams well enough but the B&D; has more steam and I believe more steam is better, irons can never have too much steam.  The B&D; also comes with a cheap little water measuring cup with a spout which is handy because it is hard to pour water into these little holes and the Panasonic does not have one. ( I sometimes get nostalgic for the Coca-Cola bottle with the little sprinkler head held in by cork but I do admit that the steam does do a better job.)  The adjustment slider for the steam is very accessible but easily bumped and I always leave the steam on high anyway.  The water reservoir is truly transparent which is a nice feature whereas on the B&D; it is translucent and I have to jostle the iron to see the water level.The cord is about ten feet, same as the B&D.;  I would appreciate a couple more feet on the cord.  It swivels very easily at the base which is nice.  The B&D; swivels but not as easily and to be honest I never noticed it before.  You can store the cord well enough by wrapping it around the feet but only after the iron has cooled. ( I do not know if the manufacturer intended this.)The color scheme and aesthetics of the Panasonic are nicer than the Black & Decker--it is more modern, more Japanese, a little lighter and much sexier than the B&D; (which imitates the German irons in aesthetics), but in the end the Black & Decker is more stable, has temperature and on/off controls and safety light in better positions, is easier and more comfortable to handle, and has better spray and steam functions.  The Panasonic does what it is supposed to do but the Black & Decker does it much better and perhaps more safely.I will be glad to answer questions left in the comments.
The Panasonic NI-W750TS iron is futuristic looking iron with a novel soleplate that is pointed on both ends. This is supposed to make ironing easier, faster and more energy efficient since you will presumably be ironing more quickly thus using less energy. Well, that's a stretch as far as I'm concerned.I've ironed, reluctantly, for many years using numerous kinds of irons. I've always moved the iron back and forth, side to side and every which way when I iron. Although the marketing of a 360-degree, multi-directional Steam Iron by Panasonic may be novel, I've been doing it for years without a pointy on both ends iron. So don't buy this iron with the idea that this is drastically going to reduce your ironing time. It won't.Having said that, the pointy on both ends does sole plate occasionally make ironing a bit easier... think ironing around buttons or tricky areas around collars and pleats.What's not so hot about the iron is the shortish cord which measures 8 feet and 4 inches. My Black & Decker Model 2030 iron has a 10 foot cord. I really feel crimped by the shorter cord on the Panasonic iron. Water capacity of the reservoir is another area that is skimpy. The Panasonic only holds 8oz of water whereas the Black & Decker 2030 holds 12 oz. You'll be filling the Panasonic much more frequently than you might desire.The funky design of the iron is very unique looking with it's tripod-ish stand. It is actually more stable than you might think given the thinness of the legs. But the plastic does not inspire confidence in its durability and if the iron were to drop onto a hard floor, I fear the casing would crack easily. I don't want to test its durability for this review, but it just doesn't inspire me with much confidence.I'm also concerned about the plastic lever that controls the steam volume. It too seems like it could easily snap off if dropped or handled roughly.Is there anything I like about the iron? Yes, I do like the "titanium soleplate". It has a teflon-like appearance which seems to repel the sticking of spray starch and such. The soleplate is also very thin around all bottom edges which makes for easy maneuvering around buttons and tight, thick-seam areas.I also sort of like the temperature control dial location. It is placed a bit further back, on top of the water reservoir which means you won't be inadvertently bumping it while ironing and inadvertently changing your temperature.Steam volume seems adequate and the iron reaches temperature quickly enough.It's an OK iron but I'm not sure I would buy it again. I much prefer the Black & Decker 2030.
This is a decently well-made product with a a good grinder.  I like the ceramic construction on the grinding gear to avoid corrosion.It has a good capacity to hold your spices, and the built-in removable container for the ground material is clever.  I'll admit that I don't use it to measure spices, but I can see how others would find that handy.Just a note - mine wasn't quite like the picture here on Amazon, but it's pretty close.All in all, I'd recommend considering this if you want a built-in measuring bowl for your spices.  If you just want a grinder, I'd say look elsewhere as you're paying for that design with this product.
The item being reviewed is Prepsolutions by Progressive International Combine Multi Spice Grinder.Pros:* The measurements are useful and accurate. However, I wouldn't purchase this grinder just for this feature.* The coarse grind settings are sufficiently coarse. Some grinders can't even crack a peppercorn in half. This one adjusts far enough that whole peppercorns can actually pass through, which is not what one wants, but it demonstrates the size of the extreme coarse setting.Cons:* The grind on the finest setting is too coarse. It is incapable of making a fine powder. This is a major drawback to this grinder.*The rubber lid's fit to the grinder is a little too loose. It comes off very easily.*The rubber lid was packaged separately in a loose plastic bag. It could have easily been tossed out with the box and packing materials.
I have several high-end artisan peppermills and spice grinders from William Bounds, Peugeot and others. Over the years, the finial on the top and the internal grinding mechanism gradually corrodes from the salt air mist that rolls in every night and seeps into the house.  Sometimes the top finial corrodes so badly that I have to either find a replacement finial from somewhere or retire the grinder because it just looks dirty/unhealthy to use at the table.  Plus, think of all the minute bits of corrosion you could be ingesting over the years - ugh!With ceramic grinding mechanisms, the corrosion factor not a problem, however most ceramic mills tend to fall in the category of plastic kitchen utensils rather than tabletop worthy condiment dispensers.This mill, having a plastic casing and measuring units on bottom section for measurement of ground spices, clearly falls under the utility category.  It does its job well with an adjustable knob on the mechanism itself, grinding coarse black pepper to fine cardamom sugar.While the shiny plastic material of the mill is easy to clean, it does not provide a secure grip for when hands are wet or oily in the kitchenThe rubber lid is not so secure for the top portion of the mill, but fits snugly for the bottom part when it is detached and used as a dispenser for pre-ground spices. [Photos above]This product would be better if:1) Printed measurements were added to the top part of the mill for pre-ground spices2) A less slippery grip on the hourglass-shape (maybe in the rubber material?) for when hands are wet/oily in the kitchen.3) The size of the bottom part and top part were properly calibrated so that the runner lid would fit securely on both.Conclusion: This is an excellent mill for making cinnamon sugar for a casual kitchen breakfast, or to grind up a savory crunchy topping for a kitchen meal. Also note, the finer the grind desired, the longer it will take to grind it.
When I first tried out theProgressive International Combine Multi Spice GrinderI had decided to grind a steak seasoning that I bought pre-mixed, but it's a bit coarse for my liking. Normally I would use my mortar and pestle for this job, so the idea that this grinder might make it easier, faster and less messy were all things I was interested in.Adding in your spice mixture is easy, maybe a little too easy. The top is nothing but a simple rubber stopper that you pull off and pop back on. I am concerned that this may come off accidentally losing my spices or getting lost altogether. Next you want to pick your preferred grind.  This may take some testing, because it's just a twist one way or the other and there's no way to tell until you actually grind. Once done with that the grinding is easy enough and you'll want to just tap it a bit on the counter to make it settle down to measure. Then on the back there is a small slit that allows you to pour it out without removing any of the parts.All in all this grinder does what it claims, but here is why I think there are better options available. Normally if I am grinding a spice for cooking that needs measuring it's usually not a "combination" of spices so I use something like this:Microplane Professional Patented Design Fine Spice Grater.  It works great and I can move from one spice to the next without much clean up.Now when I have a need to grind a combination of spices I would actually prefer this product also by the same manufacturer:Progressive International Spice Grinder. Reason being is that this one also catches up to a tablespoon of spices in the lid, by measurements holds at least the same amount of spices if not more, comes with 12 labels, 4 ounces of sea salt and to top it off is priced less!
I was really excited to receive this, I LOVE fresh ground pepper but when making a recipe I never use it... why you ask? Well because using my standard pepper grinder and getting a specific measurement is to much trouble. I'd have to grind into a small bowl, and then use my measuring spoons to measure out the required amount always having to much or two little when I was done. This looked like the prefect solution. [...] Furthermore the lid/top of mine wasn't even in the box. So while I'm able to use it I have no way to keep the pepper/spices in the mill or to keep them fresh making this pretty useless as who wants stale spices? It did do a great job of grinding the pepper and it was easy enough to see how much I had in the base, removing the base portion to pour it out was also easy. That said I think even if I had received the lid it wouldn't have worked well, it appears it just rests on the top, I see no signs that it screws on etc.I think a measure mill is a great idea, but I don't think the one I received is the best option. Now that I know they exist though I'll be shopping around for a keeper. That said, I also think the price is to high for what this does, $9.99 or under seems fair.
This grinder can be very useful in the kitchen, however a few design flaws stand out to me.  First, I have to say that I received this item as part of the Vine Voice community.  My grinder does not look the same as the one pictured above.  Mine came with a very flimsy, rubber cover, that seems to pop off and never fit snugly, which could be a problem if the "hopper" is filled with fine ingredients - clean up would be a pain.However, I used the grinder for dried rosemary and tarragon and the grind came out beautifully.  The measurements in the dispenser part seem to be accurate.Overall, 3 stars for a design flaw, however, judging by the photo above, they may have fixed the problem already!
*NOTE* The item I received is slightly different than what is depicted in the stock photo and item description. It is also available on Amazon:Prepsolutions by Progressive International Combine Multi Spice Grinder, Gray.Item description on this page (what I was supposed to get): 3/4 cup capacity, measures up to 2 tablespoons, adjustable 3 grind settings, clear acrylic body throughout with colored top w/ slide door for filling.Item I received: 1/4 cup capacity (1/3 at most), measures up to 1 tablespoon, adjustable grind setting (there are no instructions to explain how to adjust - I found there is a white plastic bit underneath the grinder that you can twist manually to make the grind finer or coarser; you should see it move up or down a screw), clear acrylic body with colored band around middle where grinder is and colored rubber top that simply pops on and off.That said, the grinder with measuring catching bin at the bottom is quite nice. I took out all my teaspoons and tablespoons and measured the ground pepper I made according to the lines on the measuring bin, and all were quite accurate. The measuring bin has markings for 1/4, 1/2, 1 teaspoon, and 1/2, 1 tablespoon. I would have no problem trusting it when cooking. Having the measuring bin at the bottom is nice since it allows me to measure without trying to land everything on a spoon (where most of what I grind from the traditional grinder falls not on the measuring spoon) and/or doesn't make me dirty another dish into which I would grind the spice first and then measure out of later with a spoon. I also like that I can keep any leftover ground spice to use later in the bin. One thing you might keep in mind is the rubber top does not require a lot of force to come off, so when you're tilting the whole mill to empty out spices from the bottom bin, the weight of the contents at the top of the mill might press against the rubber top and make it susceptible to coming off. Just keep an eye on it as you tilt. Also, keep an eye on the end of the catching bin that has the open hole for the spice to exit, or you might end up with a lap-full/floor pile of ground pepper as I did. The hourglass shape of the mill was very comfortable to hold. The bottom measuring bin is completely removeable, so you can also just use the grinder to drop spices directly over food as you would any other mill.This is a good grinder that does what it's supposed to do.*EDIT* It looks like Amazon has fixed stock photos and description to accurately depict the item being sent
I find the Sleep Innovations Memory Foam Topper to be a good solution to making an older mattress better, but only for a limited period of time (or part time use).  It does work better than a mattress pad, but doesn't seem to be particulary hardy after being used every day for six months.
From the beginning of time bedding has been simple. A wooden frame, a couple of slats and some stuffed feathers made for a decent night's sleep for our ancestors. But over time, bedding was refined. Bed frames got fancier, feathers were replaced by more modern materials. Soon along came fitted sheets adding some extra effort, but, still, bedding remained straightforward and relatively simple.However, now in the 21st Century, Sleep Innovations has managed to change this. The Sleep Innovations Memory Foam Mattress Topper required two college trained adults and a three page instruction booklet to sort out.First we removed the product from the heavy shipping carton and, as instructed, allowed sufficient time for the foam to relax. Then the real work began.You have to figure out how to get the fitted part of the cover to fit on your mattress. It's a complicated affair that takes some time and frustration to sort out. Then you have to get the foam inside of the zipper and, the real challenge is to get everything to stretch and lay flat. It's not an easy process.So given all of this, why three stars? Why not two or even one? Because eventually you do get all of this complexity sorted out. And when you float down on the bed--well, that's when the Sleep Innovations Memory Foam Mattress Topper repays all the frustration and effort.I had a friend who spent his working life designing roads. He swore that the best road surface was a hard roadbed covered by soft tar.  It offered, he believed, the best possible ride combing stability with comfort. In a sense, the Sleep Innovations Memory Foam Mattress Topper offers exactly that. When your eyes close and sleep sets in, your harder mattress offers strength and stability while the Memory Foam Mattress Topper offers softness and comfort.If only Sleep Innovations would send an assembly technician with the Memory Foam Mattress Topper, bedding would be a heavenly experience.
Liking this topper depends on the quality of your mattress.  At home we have an expensive, high quality mattress - I sleep very well on it.  We tried this topper with high hopes of perfect enjoyment, but I was disappointed; while it offered comforting support, rolling around or changing positions became uncomfortably difficult.However, when we stay at my brother's house, his guest bed is cheap and VERY firm, and we always sleep poorly on it.  So, we gave this to him, and it was a huge improvement.  Now, every time we visit we can sleep much better.Build materials are high quality and the side pockets and very deep , making this fit and hold well to all mattresses.
Summary:  Overall, a solid set of pans.  However, there are some trade-offs.  I would recommend this set to someone who likes the appearance or the handle design.  However, considering the price, I personally would choose to either save money on a set that is very close in quality, or spend a little more money to get an even nicer set.  In balancing all the features (some two stars, some five) into one overall rating, I came up with three stars, "It's OK".  The smaller cooking surface and the cost were the primary reasons why three stars instead of four or five.Assumptions:  When shopping for a set of pans, I would first make sure I need every pan in the set.  Choosing individual pans (instead of a set) can save money and ensure you only buy the pans you truly need.  For example, there is not a 12" skillet or 12" saut&eacute; pan in this set (which would add cost if you buy separately), and you may not use the included 10" skillet very often (which you still pay for as part of the set).  For this review, I assume every pan size and type in this set is needed.  I am comparing features relative to all price points (Mauviel, All-Clad, Demeyere, Calphalon, George Foreman, and pans that were "free" with groceries) and rating the overall value based on what else is available relative to the cost of this particular set.Appearance:  One benefit of this set is that there is an exterior glaze which reduces stains that can otherwise permeate untreated anodized aluminum.  The exterior is more of a glossy light gray pearl color.  It is not the flat charcoal gray of a typical anodized aluminum.  I found this difficult to determine from the photo.  However, the appearance is solely a matter of personal preference.Function:  The non-stick is not any better or any worse than other pans anywhere near this price range, including the free pans.  The flush rivets are coated in non-stick, which is a great feature to avoid accidentally scrubbing delicate non-stick while trying to get sticky rivets clean.  The working area in the center of the skillets and the saut&eacute; pan are a little smaller than competing pans of the same size.  The stock pot is perfectly proportioned between its diameter and height, allowing a little better access than my same-size Calphalon that is taller and thinner.The solid base helps with even heat distribution at the bottom of the pans, but the thinner anodized aluminum sides do not share this benefit.  This is not a clad set of pans, to it's understandable that the sides will not distribute heat evenly.  However, the solid exterior base is smaller than the cooking surface of each pan, so heat will be a little different at the center of the pan than it is at the far edges.  This may not seem like a big deal, but the copper base is the big selling point and it's partially negated with uneven heat.  (Note:  The copper will patina unless polished, and this is unavoidable with all copper cookware.)  A slight flare at the rim of the stock and sauce pots help pour more easily than all other straight-edge pans where liquid dripples down the side instead of pouring cleanly off the edge.Hands down, these are the best handles of any cookware I've used.  They are thick and very easy to maneuver.  By comparison, All-Clad handles are thinner awkward when pouring.  The lids look nice, with welded handles (avoiding a rivet).  The handle loops look taller, and provide as much or more clearance (for a hot pad, etc.) as other manufacturers.Analon recommends using no more than medium heat to avoid warping, which isn't uncommon (and to avoid unsafe fumes and melting the non-stick coating into your food), but is a drawback.  Being oven safe to 500 degrees is a great advantage.  It is not safe for the broiler, but few if any non-stick pans can be used in the broiler.  It is also not dishwasher safe, though most nonstick pans get pretty beat up in the dishwasher, even if they claim to be dishwasher safe.I hope these considerations are helpful.  You will not be disappointed if you ultimately purchase this set after considering the pros and cons.
For years now I've used T-fal cookware almost exclusively. I began buying it because years ago, it was hard to find nonstick cookware that was also dishwasher safe and that's an absolute must for me. If I spent 15 minutes a day washing dishes by hand, that's over 90 hours a year of my time spent on dishes. Life is too short for that.Here's how I think Circulon stacks up against the T-fal set I own:I have to say that the Circulon set is very aesthetically appealing. There's nothing in my kitchen that is red but I found this set was cheery and I like the lines of the handles on the lids and the curve of the pot handles as well. The silver bands at the ends of the handles is also attractive. If I had a pot rack, I would be proud to display this set.The Circulon pots are smaller in diameter and taller than my T-fal. I sort of like that but the downside is that the cupboard where I store my T-fal is not tall and I couldn't stack the Circulon pots the way I can my T-fal. Also, I have a lid "sorter" that is attached to the door of the cabinet. The T-fal lids fit in it much better than the Circulon although to be fair, I see some of the newer T-fal sets also have the lids with handles that stick out every bit as far as these Circulon ones. Though I like the looks of that, it makes lid storage problematic. You can't really stack them and as I said before, they don't fit as well into the sorter either.I really like the covered saute pan in this Circulon set. The sides are straight up and down which is really nice if whatever you're making needs vigorous stirring. My set of T-fal didn't have this piece. The regular skillets/saute pans are fine but when I'm stirring vigorously I sometimes slop a bit over the sides and I didn't have that happen with the saute pan in the Circulon set.I read the paperwork included with the Circulon set and didn't note any care instructions other than not to ever let your cookware boil dry so I assume there isn't anything else you need to worry about. With the T-fal, they suggest that after every 10-15 times you run it through the dishwasher, you "season" your pans by warming on the stove then rubbing cooking oil over the non-stick interior and wiping thoroughly with papertowels. I have found that my non-stick skillets do seem to last longer and retain the non-stick properties better when I stick to this.Regarding cost: Circulon does seem more expensive than T-fal. Since I've only had the Circulon set a short amount of time, I can't speak to durability in comparison to T-fal however, I think T-fal is a very good value in relation to cost. I generally get at least 5 years or more use out of T-fal and we don't molly-coddle the pieces at all.There are two things I really don't like at all about the Circulon cookware.1. The handles of the pots and skillets are hollow. After using them for a few days, I couldn't figure out where all the water was coming from in my cupboards and below my range where I store the skillets. I use the drying cycle on my dishwasher so.....why all the water??? I figured it out when I was removing a skillet from the dishwasher by grasping the side of the skillet rather than the handle and water splattered over the other dry dishes and onto the floor. It was coming from the hollow handle. UGH! I don't want to have to empty out the handles and then dry by hand prior to being able to put them away. I don't have to do that with my T-fal set. This might not be a big deal to some but it is to me.2. The handles of the Circulon are attached through and through the sides of the cookware leaving two round, smooth "heads" that protrude slightly inside the pots and pans. I made caramel corn using the largest Circulon pot. We like to eat some of it while it's still warm so I left the pot for a few hours while we watched a movie. When I came back to clean up my kitchen, I swabbed out the interior of the pot using a dish cloth but had to use a dobie around the metal heads to get all the cooked on caramel off. I could have just soaked it I suppose but I wanted to get the dishwasher loaded and the kitchen cleaned up so I could go to bed. I don't want to be faced with dishes soaking in my sink first thing in the morning. I don't know how this will work as time goes by. Will the handles loosen letting bits of food in behind the metal heads??? Only time will tell and, again, to be fair, I've noticed that certain sets of T-Fal also have the through and through attachment of handles. This isn't as big a deal to me (so far) as the water issue above but it does give me pause a little.Both T-fal and Circulon have some other great pieces you can add to your basic set. Circulon offers pieces that T-fal does not and conversely, T-fal has things that Circulon does not offer so in that way, it would just depend on your individual needs which set might work best for you. Before buying, I would suggest visiting each website and deciding what items you most want/need to decide which set would suit you best.Final Impression: Both brands have a lot to like, not the least of which is being dishwasher safe, both offer a variety of choices to add pieces to your basic set but I think overall, I like T-fal better. The cost is less, I already know how durable they are and so far, the T-fal is more readily available both online and in retail stores. However, I did like the Circulon enough that I wouldn't mind doing a bit of mixing/matching with my T-fal set so I could get the "best of both worlds". As time goes along, if I notice a significant disparity regarding durability between the T-fal and Circulon, I'll update this review.
The problem with cordless vacuums is that they never suck for as long as you want them to suck. I was hoping this vacuum would be an exception to that rule, since the base holds big and somewhat heavy batteries, but unfortunately this vacuum loses its suction after 5-10 minutes.For the five minutes it does work, it works quite well. The suction is stronger than I expected from a handheld vacuum, and easily leaves the DustBusters of yore IN THE DUST! (Sorry.) And it has some nice accessories to get into nooks and crevices, and something that looks like a shower head and is quite good at getting pet hair out of upholstery.But there are problems. In addition to the short run time of the battery, the bin is very small and you have to empty it frequently. That's not SUCH a big problem, because this device is meant to be used for small messes, but it's still annoying.Overall, if you're looking for a handheld cordless vac and you don't care that it will only work for 5 minutes before needing a very long recharge, go for it. But otherwise, I don't really recommend this vacuum.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:The Caf&eacute; Frappe machine is just plain cool.  I started with the Classic Mocha Frappe (recipe included in the enclosed recipe book) and branched from there using available grocery store ingredients like:  Sugar Free Raspberry Syrup, Sugar Free Chocolate Flavored Syrup, Chocolate Chips, Fruit, Milk, Whipped Topping, Cinnamon and Vanilla.  NOTE:  If you want to try cinnamon, I like putting cinnamon in the brew cup so the coffee with brew with a cinnamon flavor.  I did not have trouble finding the 4 cup coffee pot filters in our grocery store, but agree that it would be nice if Mr. Coffee included some in the Caf&eacute; Frappe box so a buyer can use the machine right away.The recipe book that comes with the Caf&eacute; Frappe suggests using a dark roast or rich espresso (regular or decaf) coffee, and I think this is necessary for getting the most flavorful frappe.  There are also recipes for Tea Frappes (and Alcoholic Frappes).  Our family tried a Chai Tea Frappe and all agreed that we prefer the coffee based frappes more.All in all, our entire family really, really likes the Caf&eacute; Frappe machine.  It is fairly low profile, looks fine on the countertop, and makes wonderfully delicious frappes that satisfy everyone's sweet tooth (even when it is 0 degrees outside).REVISED REVIEW:We changed refrigerators (& ice machines) & my new refrigerator makes a larger ice cube.  The Frappe machine does NOT do a good job of crushing this freezer's ice cubes & I'm left with various small chunks of ice in my frappe drink.  I've changed the star rating on my review to 3 stars to reflect the fact that the frappe machine doesn't do a good job crushing larger ice cube sizes.
For people who don't already have a coffee maker and/or blender and are looking for a relatively compact way of making single-serve frozen coffee drinks, this just might be a great choice.  If you want to make drinks for multiple people, a separate coffee maker and blender might suit you better if you have the room to store them.I like, but certainly don't love, this machine.  I was very excited to get it back in 2009 because I used to buy frozen coffee drinks almost every day back then, but my excitement waned after using it a few times.  When I used it, it was messy and loud.  I put off my review for a long time because all of the positive reviews made me think that I must be doing something wrong.  It certainly could be my ineptness at using it, but in the end, this machine just isn't for me.For me, I found it easier and more convenient to brew coffee in my existing coffee maker (I have a single-serve maker) and make the frozen drink in my blender.  So, I don't use this machine anymore.  It was novel, and it fit my drinking habits - but I don't like the overall operation and cleaning of it.For the positives:- It brews decent coffee fairly quickly.- It grinds ice down really quite well.- It does all of that in a single, attractive, fairly compact unit.- It's made well.  I really liked the feel of the materials and the way the beverage container fit together.The reasons that I don't use it anymore:- No matter what I did (including following some advice on reviews here), the drink always splashed out the top of the container during blending unless I covered it (e.g. with a napkin).  Always.  It took away from the convenience factor for me of having everything done in one unit.- It's really loud.  Louder than my blender.  This is completely personal, but because it scares my dog, it's not a good choice for me.  I used to wait until she was outside to use it, and I'd put up with that if I liked it overall, but it was one more thing that took away from the experience for me.- I've been spoiled for over five years with k-cup brewers, and I prefer the convenience over using filters.  For ground coffee, I like the separate fillable pods that are available for k-cup brewers.  Filling and cleaning the brew basket on this machine would take me a while because I was so thorough (read "anal") about cleaning it.So, my advice would be to use a separate coffee maker and blender if you have the room.  That lets you make more drinks at one time, and isn't much (if any) less convenient if you are only making one drink.
The Mr. Coffee Cafe Frappe works as advertized - the problem is in the proportions of recipe ingredients. I like strong coffee, so I want that flavor right out front, but because of the quantity of ice, all the ingredients end up watered down. This isn't a fatal flaw. Adjustments are needed to the enclosed recipe book to obtain the taste of a coffee house frappe. Before beginning, make sure to have 4 cup size paper filters - they aren't included - and I actually drove to four stores before I found them because most places don't stock them.First, I tried the Classic Mocha Frappe recipe, making no adjustments. I ground fresh Starbucks espresso coffee beans.  I measured 1/2 cup of water and poured it into the brewing area. There is no visible guideline for the water so a measuring cup is a necessity. In fact, with this machine - the measurements are all relatively precise.I put just under two cups of ice in the blending container and poured in the remaining ingredients, chocolate syrup, sugar and milk. I locked on the lid and locked the blending jar on the base unit. I pressed the power button, then the frappe button and the cycle began.  The unit quietly brewed the espresso and then the light blinked to warn of the ice crushing cycle - which is a nice touch since the racket is startling, although no worse than any good blender.I kept the ice level at least an inch below the maximum ice line, and measured ingredients carefully, but the contents of the blending jar splattered out the lid hole necessitating a small amount of clean-up. This isn't a big deal, but a little annoying. I kept adjusting the ice downward with each recipe trying to eliminate the splatter. About a cup and 2/3 of ice worked best. Even when starting with crushed ice, I still ended up with some little ice chunks. The blend button further pulverizes the ice, but unless the ice chunks are large enough to see in the blending jar, it is hard to tell that the drink needs additional blending until the drink is poured. The other small design complaint involves locking the jar onto the base and removing it - I found it awkward.The taste results of the Classic Mocha Frappe recipe were, for me, too weak and too watery/icy. So, I adjusted the ground espresso up from three to four well rounded tablespoons and switched to heavy cream for the 1/4 cup of milk. I slightly increased the chocolate syrup to 3 1/2 tablespoons and those modifications created a significant improvement -- a creamy frappe with a strong mocha flavor.Next I tried the Chai Frappe. The recipe called for 4 chai tea bags. Not surprisingly, that quantity didn't provide enough flavor - the chai taste was very weak and the consistency not creamy enough. I repeated the recipe but this time with 6 chai tea bags and heavy cream. That fixed my taste issues. Using loose chai tea should create a stronger brew and would be less costly than using a handful of tea bags.I am not in the habit of putting heavy cream in drinks, but the quantity of ice required significantly dilutes the milk, coffee/tea and the rest of the ingredients. Possibly, coffee houses use a pre-made concentrated mix that compensates for the ice and keeps the flavors intense. This machine would be useful in creating low fat drinks to liven up a boring diet, but for a true coffee house frappe experience, expect to experiment with strong espresso beans, strong tea and rich cream.The enclosed recipe booklet contains twenty drink concoctions divided by coffee, tea, ice cream and alcoholic categories. The user manual noted that frozen fruit not be used in the blending jar because it may interfere with pulverizing the ice. A small thing, but for those of us who make smoothies in our blenders, this seems like an unfortunate limitation. Frozen raspberries are usually more readily available than fresh.Also, the user manual did not provide any method for cleaning the brewing unit. Can vinegar or a cleaning solution be run through the coffee maker? At some point it will need to be cleaned, won't it? This left me with the feeling of impermanence. Perhaps it would be best to use filtered water, not only to improve the taste of the brewed coffee, but to keep the unit functioning optimally as long as possible.When I finished preparing the frappes, I looked around my kitchen. On the counter were my coffee grinder, the 1 cup measure (for water and cream), the 2 cup measure (for ice), a small bowl to put the espresso grounds in so I could accurately measure them into the brew basket, clean up cloth for splatters, measuring spoons for the coffee, syrups, sugar and flavorings, along with the coffee, chai, cream, sugar, syrups and flavorings. For a frappe lover, the effort will be worth the trouble.Update 2/1/10: Correction - there is a water level guide on the appliance that elminates the need for a measuring cup in the first part of the frappe making process -- it just wasn't obvious to me. Also, I am a coffee drinker and also enjoy frozen coffee drinks. I was looking forward to using this appliance.
I have owned theBlack & Decker CHV1510 Dustbuster 15.6-Volt Cordless Cyclonic Hand Vacuum(a direct competitor) for a little over a year. My wife suggested I get another hand-held vacuum for the kitchen, since we wanted to keep one that's used exclusively for food surfaces to keep things clean, so I was very happy to see the Dirt Devil BD10125 come up in Vine. On paper, the Dirt Devil and the Dustbuster are nearly identical, having similar power ratings and features like washable filters and an easy-to-empty dust bin. In practice, the Dirt Devil is a distant second to the Dustbuster. Though they have identical power ratings, the Dirt devil simply dosen't have the same suction power. Whether that's because of motor inefficiency or poor nozzle design I'm not sure but the Dustbuster is clearly superior at picking up debris. Additionally, the shape of the Dirt Devil, and in particular, the awkward extending nozzle,  hinder getting it into tight places. The dustbuster's extendable nozzle is straight and rotatable, so you can get it into small spaces much more easily.Another minor but annoying design difference is motor placement relative to the handle: THe Dirt Devil's exhaust blows directly on your hand, whereas the Dustbuster's design places the handle above and in front of the exhaust, so you don't get an irritating warm breeze blowing on you. This isn't a horrible fault, but an example of poor product design. Faced with the same challenge, the Dustbuster's designers came up with a much more elegant solution.I still use the Dirt Devil - it does perform the basic tasks of a hand-held adequately, if not spectacularly. Its dust bin is easy to empty, and it is convenient to have a second vacuum for kitchen use. But considering that their prices are within a dollar of each other, the Dustbuster is a better choice.
This vac works well but the lack of a charging stand is a dealbreaker to me.PROS:-Easy to hold and use.-Easy to empty the container.-Not too loud.CONS:-Lacks charging stand.I would recommend theDirt Devil Extreme Power Wet/Dry Cordless Hand Cleaner - M0944instead because it has a wall-mountable charging stand, can handle wet messes, and costs about the same.
I have had any number of bread makers over the years. I tend to use them for a bit, get tired of the hassle and go back to making my breads by hand. (I use a food processor to mix the dough.) I saw this bread maker and thought it looked cool and the convection feature peaked my interest. Here are my thoughts as I worked with the machine this past week and a half:Set Up: Really nothing of note. You run the machine through the white bread cycle empty initially to make sure any factory residual is baked out.White Bread: 2lb loaf, medium cycle - The first thing I noted about the recipe is there is quite a bit of sugar (1/2 cup) and no salt. I am not a big sweets person, so right off I wasn't thrilled. But I proceeded as instructed. I made one batch in the bread machine and one batch by hand, both using the recipe in the instruction manual. The bread machine produced a batch that was sweeter, drier and with a less crisp crust than the hand made batch. The internal temp of the bread after baking was 200 degrees (Normally you want the temp to be from 205 to 210.) All members of family agreed that the hand made batch was far superior.Cheese Bread: 1.5lb medium crust - Again I made two batches using the instruction manual recipe. The Bread Machine produced a batch that was good but not as flavorful as hand made. The crust this time was odd being brown on the side and pale on top. Family was split a bit on this one, my youngest liked the bread machine batch (she does not like strong flavors) the rest preferred the hand made.Banana Bread: Okay, done with making two batches, I think the hand made is always going to be a little better at least for our palates, so we will just see what this machine can do from here on out. This recipe was really good, very moist and flavorful. The only issue was that the dough was not mixed through and there were spots of unmixed flour and oil on the sides - yuck. The crust was uniformly quite brown on this batch.Pizza Dough: Decent dough produced. I did have to knead and obtain a second rise because I forgot to close the nut dispenser from the banana bread and it was open while this dough was being processed, thus lowering the internal temp on the machine for rising time. The dough was easy to work with but, again, a bit sweet for our palates.Pretzel Dough: Great rise this time and made a very decent pretzel.Focaccia Dough: Odd thing, this dough rose okay but the machine threw part of it up and it settled up on the top side of the processing bowl and hardened there. The bread tasted nothing like focaccia bread should taste but I will use the topping recipe on my standard focaccia recipe because it was yummy. Again, the dough was too sweet for our palates.Summary: bread makers use more sweetener to produce a faster rise and it isn't to my taste, so I am likely never going to switch over to using one on a regular basis. For a bread maker, I would say this is a decent machine. It does have a few issues, note the failure to mix the banana bread, the throwing of dough and the irregular browning. It also has the ever enduring handle issue where it is hard to dump the bread out of the bowl because the handle gets in the way. (I have had that issue with every machine I ever used.) All in all, this bread maker is attractive for counter top use and is an okay machine.
Pros:- Stainless steal looks good in any kitchen.- Separate nut try- Lots of programmable options- Convection feature allows the top part of the bread to not be uncooked as often (problem with non-convection machines) This is a nice feature, as the top often goes under-baked in other machines, and it's the reason I considered giving this machine 4 stars.- Easy to clean (no different than my $45 machine, but wanted to point it out)Cons:- My $45 dollar machine seems to do an equal job.- Support is non existent (it was bought by Black and Decker and is now a mess to get any replacement or support)It's little things that don't make this stand out (given the price) from other less expensive machines. For example:- nut container is very flimsy- the digital display has no backlight (can't read it unless there is direct kitchen light or it's a sunny day and your kitchen has windows.- The top is completely plastic, just painted to look like stainless steel.- It only has 1 blade mixer inside (some bread makers at this price range have 2)- The controls are long and clumsy to use, despite an abundance of buttons most of the time you end up just pressing the main button a dozen times to get to the option you want. For example, if you have the mix ready and just want to "bake" you need to press the same button 14 times to get to the bake option.Overall I'd look a the more inexpensive options first.If however, stainless teal is important to you, this is among the more inexpensive stainless steel brad makers. (it still has enough plastic pieces - fyi).
I've been a Shark user for years and I've got several other steam mops from Amazon over the last year trying to find one that works to clean, to dry, and will last. After using this one from Bissell, my search continues.The good: it is light weight, cheap, gets hot and does steam the floor. So basically it works, which is why I rated this a 3 star.The bad: it is very cheaply made. Like the pet cleaner steamer that Bissell makes (and is basically the same model with a small rolling brush that collects pet food)the pieces for the steamer (the water tank, etc) don't snap together well. Also, the floor does not dry as well as other brands and especially not as well as the Shark steamers. If you aren't careful with this one, you'll end up with a soaked steaming pad that won't collect water from your damp floor.The problem with these steamers is that each manufacturer is throwing out tons of variations on the same cleaner and flooding the market place with a ton of almost the same cleaners. If you are looking for a cheap steamer then get any of them. They all heat water to steam and spray the steam on the floor. Most of the cheap ones will leave your floor wet. Just accept that and buy what's on sale is my recommendation. Or save up and buy a good steamer, like a high end Shark. It will last for years and works much better than these ones.
Our first steam mop was theEureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer,313A.  The Eureka steam mop does a decent job, but since you have to pour the water directly into the base, you can't see the water level.  Additionally, the water spout is so narrow that you have to use a funnel to fill the thing.Then we tried theSienna Aqua Pro V Steam Mop with Adjustable Steam Control and Vibration.  It has a nice, visible water container, has a triangular base & also does a decent job steaming the floors.  It has a smaller coverage area than this Bissell.The Bisell Steam Mop Deluxe tries to combine the nice features of the two previous steam mops that we tried: visible water container, good coverage & nice steam.  The only problem is that it leaks - not a lot - but it does leak.I think steam mops in general do a decent job on tile floors (the type of floors I have), but given the way that most people use these mops (quick sweeps instead of slow & deliberate in order to properly disinfect), I really do not think steam mops do as good of a job as a traditional mop. I've gone to using a combination of mops (first useRubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop Kit, FG1M1600GRYRD, then a steam mop), which doubles the job time, but I feel that my floor is cleaner.
In 2009 my friends and I did a first hand side-by-side comparison of steam mops. Since then I've hand near constant emails asking if I would review newer mops. I had no need to do this as my whole reason for comparison to begin with was for me to personally find my favorite steam mop, and it does remain the Envirosteamer.  However, I was offered this Bissell for product feedback and seeing as how I didn't mind having one for upstairs as well, I thought I'd see if something new on the market would take over the challenge.  I have added it to my comparison results:I will say the first time I used this mop I thought I almost liked it as well as the Envirosteamer even though I hated having to hold in the button for steam. However, like most mops you get more water and steam the first couple of times you use it. It didn't perform quite as well after that. The Envirosteamer is still the winner. (Eureka)Original review:Know going in If you get the Envirosteamer, know that, though it cleans the best, the first two times you use it the water goes through holes faster than it will in subsequent uses, so it will go through steam faster and your floors will be wetter than normal. Enough people wrote me to know this happened the first one or two times as it did my first time of use, then after that the mop was normal, our floors are great and it lasts waaaah longer. We don't know why. Just know that going in. After the first two initializing uses it steams perfect! Also obviously the steam lasts longest if you don't hold the mop above the floor to walk to another area since the steam pours out as it will with any steam mop if you do.Also note: the reason some mops aren't 212 degrees even though steam becomes steam at that temp is the tank is on the handle rather than the base on these mops so the steam cools prior to it reaching the floor. It becomes steam at 212. But doesn't stay there.I live in a neighborhood where EVERY home is "green built certified" this means that, to have that certification, the builder built no homes with carpet. All the main floors are polished concrete and the upper floors wood. The bathrooms all have tile and/or slate in every home.Because of this, as you could imagine, steam mops are quite the neccessity...not only because they get the hard surfaces better than anything else, but because they are also "green" and clean chemical free. I'll be honest, for us...that's a bonus but we weren't cleaning chemical free before. We like chemical free for our pet's paws but I'll confess I was mopping with chemicals before I got my steamer and just kept the pets out of the room while doing it because, up until then, I couldn't get it clean any other way.Okay, so that said...we decided to have a steamer show down to compare 7 different steamers because my friends and I knew as long as we are in these homes we are gonna have to have a steamer to get all these hard floors clean...we may as well figure out which one to buy next go round. Because my own home is graced with 2 cats, 3 dogs, and two gregarious cooks, my kitchen floor (which had not ever been cleaned by a steamer since my steamer had just arrived) was the testing spot.Mind you, I vaccuum twice per week and do a mega mop twice a week. I THOUGHT I had pretty clean floors in spite of my pet capacity.I thought wrong. These picked up dirt so well it's scarySo here's the results:1. steam mops are the mac daddys of clean floors. What these things picked up was tremendous and no comparison to my vigorous prior constant major mopping.2. So now I'll break down the elements of each mop we used and then go into more detail about each at the end.We tried out:"S": The shark by Europro"E" The Envirosteamer by Eureka"H" the haan steamer"M" the Monster"B" The Bissell Green Tea"SF" The SteamFast SF-140 by SteamFast"SB" The SteamBoy T1"BD" The Bissell Steam Mop DeluxeCORD LENGTH: so you don't have to stop and unplug and replug in somewhere else:Shark ( will be referred to as S):20 feetEnvirosteamer (will be referred to as E): 25 feet *Note* The Envirosteamer has a clip at the top of the handle to keep the cord out of the way. When it's plugged in and you need more cord length, a light tug undoes this cord on the clip so that you have the full 25' of cord. Otherwise it's only around 20 feet. It's made to do this.Haan: (will be referred to as H)19'8"Monster (will be referred to as M): 25 feetBissell (will be referred to as B) 17 feetSteamFast (will be referred to as SF): 18.7 ft.SteamBoy (will be referred to as SB): 16 ft.Bissell Steam Mop Deluxe (will be referred to as BD) 20 feetSTEAM TEMPERATURE: this is a primary element. The hotter the steam, the more dirt picked up and hot steam will also kill parasites, mold and mildew and loosen more dirt:S 110 degrees. lameE 220 degrees. very hotH 212 degrees. very hotM 266 degrees. hottest...although the envirosteamer and haan seemed plenty hot enough. The shark didn't clean nearly as well and this was one reason. 110 degrees just isn't going to melt off stuck on grime.B 125 degrees. Note that, because of this low steam temperature the manual said that if I wanted to sanitize the floor or pick up caked on spills, I had to hold the steamer on the spot for 15 seconds but no more than 20 because that could damage some floors. Now I don't know about you, but if I can sanitize with one swipe of the other steamers because of their sanitizing temps my floor will be done WAY faster but I don't have a timer to worry about the extra 5 secons where my wood floors could get damaged. My sink water is hotter than this so it would take less time to use a regular mop if I have to hold the steamer on every spot of my floor for 15 seconds to santize. Just sayinSF: 137 degrees. Not hot enough to clean well nor sanitize.SB: 120 degrees. Not hot enough to clean well nor sanitizeBD: 136 degrees: It was actually hotter the first couple times I used it as it produced more steam but the tank being on the handle is the same reason it just isn't as hot, the steam cools as it travels down the handle to the floor. Those with the heating element on the base are always hottestBUILD:We found how it was made corresponded with issues with the steamer. The Shark, for example, was quite flimsy and they actually sell replacement handle kits because so many people have issues with the handle breaking! We know this because my neighbor's shark broke and the store had a replacement handle kit on the shelf because he said "it happens often". That's an extra cost.Envirosteamer: Was 5.4 lbs which made it lightweight but strong enough that you didn't have to press down to clean. Very well made and strong partsHaan: not made as well as the envirosteamer but it's more expensive so this was a surprise. A bit flimsy and you need to press down on it more to clean at 3.15 lbs.Monster: hefty and well made at 9 lbs but a bit too heavy unless you want a good workout. (Note: They have changed the Monster handles on the mops now and they are all plastic and people are having breakage issues)Bissell: It's 8.4 pounds but that includes a water filter that you have to get for this one (see notes below)SteamFast: very flimsy plastic all over, but it's also more affordable than the other mops so it's a bit of a trade off. 7 lbs.SteamBoy: They didn't even ship this preassembled like the other mops. We had to assemble it! Pretty flimsy plastic. 9 lbs but that includes the water filter you have to get with this one (see notes below)Bissell Deluxe: 7 pounds, comfortable but lots of plastic partsWATER CAPACITY: Very important because having to stop and add more water just adds on to the time you have to spend cleaning, especially if you are cleaning a hallway or livingroom or some other area that has no sink:S: only holds up to 10 oz of water. Lasted for 10 miinutes of cleaningE: holds up to 20 oz. of water. Lasted for over 20 minutes of cleaning (we stopped at 20 and it was still going)H: holds up to 11.83 oz of water. Lasted for 13 minutes of cleaningM: holds up to 17 oz. of water. Lasted for 15 minutes of cleaningB: holds up to 13 oz of water, lasted for 12.5 minutes of cleaning AND you have to undo and remove the tank from the machine every time you fill it up then hook it back on and the steam tank is on the handle rather than the base so the steam doesn't flow directly out after heating up which may explain why it's not as hot once it leaves the machine. The way this mop is made the water flows past heating elements which can, according to Bissell, develop calcium deposits on it so this is the only mop where, because of this, you also have to use a water filter with it and replace the water filter when there is build up which means and extra 12 bucks every few months. The better mops are made to heat the water in a metal tank so this is not an issue and you pour the water directly into the tank.SF: Holds the least amount of water and I had to stop and fill up and get the water reheated often in trying to clean the floor. Only holds 8 oz of water and if you use 8 oz it gets your floor too wet so we wound up filling it with just up to 7.5 oz of water for best results and it only lasted 7 minutes when we did that before we had to refill again.SB: up to 24 oz BUT it only lasted for 12 minutes of cleaning. I think because of the build. This one also is made so that the water has to flow past heating elements down the handle, rather than flowing directly from a hot tank to the floor at the base. Because of this it can develop calcium deposits inside the mop so you have to also buy a water filter for this mop and replace it every few months when there is build up which means extra cost and, quite possibly, more repairs. Because this does not flow directly out of a hot tank it cools on the way down and possibly with this one evaporates somehow because we tried it twice and the steam simply didn't last as long as it should.BD: Holds 17 ounces of water but it's fairly difficult to pump it. You have to really pump with your finger on the handle and it doesn't always come out and your hand will hurt. I, therefore, could not accurately tell you fairly how long it lasts because sometimes I'd have to keep pumping and pumping without enough steam coming out. However, I love that the tank is clear so I can see how much water I have left...had it not been I likely would have thought it had run out of water a few times.STEAM HOLES: We found a difference although you'd think they'd all be the same. The shark only had one hole that the steam came out of so it wasn't cleaning things on the edges, just in one spot. All the others had steam coming from bottom and sides. Steamboy also didn't have holes near the edgeSIZE: The taller it is the less stooping, the wider the mop head, the more it coversS: 40"Hx12"Wx7"DE: 50"Hx13.25"Wx6.75"D (the fact that this depth was smaller made it reach under applicances better...it fit better under things)H: 50.5x11.5x7.5M: 48x12.7.5B: 45.25H (this was uncomfortably short) x11 x8.4 (even though this didn't fit under cabinets because of the depth it did swivel the best)SF:49x11.8x7SB: 28.2x6.9x7.9BD: 45x10x7Conclusion of comparison: First it must be pointed out that, in order to use the shark and the Bissells and the SteamBoy, you had to keep pumping the water. This was the most annoying feature of anything...the others just steamed on their own and didn't wear out your fingers. Hated this feature of the shark and Bissell and SteamBoy. We liked that the Monster, the Shark, the Envirosteamer, the SteamFast and the Bissell came with 2 cleaning pads rather than one. The Haan only came with one at the time of the review (I double checked since when she bought hers it was also only one and as of today, that hasn't changed) so that ups the price even more because I can't imagine only wanting one to clean. All worked well on sanitizing mattresses and showers. too.But the winner picked by all of us unanimously as the mop we want to have for our next steam mop order?The Eureka Envirosteamer. It picked up the most dirt, was made as well as the Monster but was less expensive, held the most water, emitted the most very hot steam so it sanitized as well, lasted 3 times as long with one water resevor fillup as the others, and had a cord as long as the monster. BUT if you have carpets than I would recommend the Monster because it has a carpet attachment that allows you to steam clean your carpets and it picked up pretty close to the same amount of dirt as the Eureka Envirosteamer, and had close to the same features...a bit heavier though but that may make it last even longer. It is costlier, but to clean 2 surfaces I would think that might make it worth it.UPDATE: The Haan just started including 2 pads with the mop according to the product description page. Not that this changes our opinion since it didn't work as well and the parts were flimsier, but it should be noted that this issue of not having enough cleaning pads has now been resolved and is equal to the other mops.ANOTHER UPDATE: 1. The Shark came out with a new machine that holds more water and has a longer cord BUT it still only heats the water to 110 degrees so it won't sanitize or get rid of trapped grime at this "bathwater" temperature.Another update: Since this review, we tried out canister mops. They work great for tight areas, but not on floor cleaning because the steam has to travel from the canister, down a long tube, then out the base so the steam is even cooler than the shark by the time it reaches the floor, even on the most expensive models. However, if you are looking at something just to steam tight areas like grout, and don't need it for your floor, the Vapamore performed the best out of the canister mops we played with when using the short cords for cleaning so the steam left the tank hot.Also: Don't spend money buying extra pads for the Eureka. I was in a pinch and used a kitchen dish towel...the rectangular kind...just clip on both ends like you are wrapping a present, tuck in all ends. You can tuck the front and back under first then the sides or the other way around. It worked just as good or better...because they are thinner so the steam penetrates faster and therefore reaches the floor hotter. However, I would recommend still only using the thick pads that come with it for your wood floors just to be safe. But the super hot steam penetrating the dish towel worked excellent on tile and hard floors. Also, you can flip both the towel and the pads that come with it on the Eureka to double the usage...when it gets dirty, just flip it over and use the other side. I use several old dish towels with this but I like best the kind that just have a bit of texture but no squares sewn on them...but they all work great. So do the pads.WHY YOU WANT THE TANK ON THE BOTTOM/MOP HEAD: All steam starts out at 212 degrees. Some mops increase the heat from there. Some mops heat the water up, then it has to travel down tubes and get to the base, and then leave the holes, which results in a cooling process. This can also result in calcium deposits along that piping which eventually clogs the waterflow or makes you buy and store filtered water to use in the mop. On mops like the Envirosteamer, the water is heated in a stainless steel tank at the base of the mop and flows directly out onto the floor instantly with no traveling through the mop so it leaves the mop steaming hot. Put your hand over a cup of coffee directly at the top of the coffee. That's hot steam. Now move your hand waaaay up above the coffee cup where there is still steam but it is further from the heat source due to traveling. It's cooler steam. The mops are no different. Plus putting the weight at the head of the mop puts the preasure on the pad, not the handle you have to push.CLOTHS: I like 100 percent cotton better than microfiber. Microfiber streaks. Although some complain about the Envirosteamer's pads shrinking they are meant to. I wash em in hot water. They'll fit perfect after they shrink so don't even be concerned. (they are cotton and quite absorbant.)NEW FEATURE ON THE BISSELL STEAM MOP DELUXE: I have heard a few complain about their steam mops getting clogged. I"ve had the Eureka now for 5 years with no clog but if you have more "gunk" in the water, I could see this might be an issue. You might run vinegar and water through it now and again if it's a good quality mop but you might think about buying the Bissell Steam Mop Deluxe if this is an issue. It comes with a water filtration system built in. I think, for me, this may be one of the reasons why sometimes it seemed hard to pump the eater...it had to go through the filtration sand system, but if this is an issue for you, that might be the solution.
I have been using a steam mop for about two years now. (I have this one:Eureka Enviro Hard-Surface Floor Steamer,313A) Last year my mop decided to stop working and I really missed it while hubby had it down in the work shop. So, I decided to pick up a back up. Here is a side by side comparison of the two mops:Steaming Tile and Laminate:Eureka - The Eureka seems to heat up a bit more quickly and you know it is ready because steam comes out from the base. The unit stays on steam continuously and you must put it back in the little tray it comes with when you plug and unplug the unit to move it about. It steams enough to get the floors noticeably wet on a forward and back pass. The pads which are inserted on the sides of the unit are annoyingly small and do like to roll at the ends when steaming.Bissell - It is kind of hard to tell when the Bissell is ready for use. They say 30 seconds but mine takes about a minute or two. To steam you compress a lever on the handle and the steam pours out. This machine really puts out the moisture, so a light hand is recommended. The pad covers the head of the unit and it is a welcome relief after struggling with the Eureka pads for the past few years.Steaming (Polyurethane) Hard Wood Floors:Eureka - I have been very pleased with this unit on my hardwood flooring. It steams up the dirt and doesn't streak. I have the aforementioned struggles with the steam pads here too.Bissell - I only used this machine on my hardwoods one time. I cleaned the floor (it did a fine job getting the dirt up) and looked back and saw a lot of extra water on the flooring. I toweled it off but there was still lightening and streaking visible for the rest of the day. (The hubby thought we had ruined the floors.) The next day the floors were fine but never again.Water Storage:Eureka - The unit has to be filled at the base and emptied by holding it upside down and draining. What a pain!Bissell - It comes with a nice removable water tank and also has a filtration system. Great.Storing:Eureka - It falls over constantly and sits in a 7 x 12 inch  tray.Bissell - This unit comes with a hanging hook, if stored on the floor it likes to tip over from time to time but isn't nearly as wobbly as the Eureka.Overall:Eureka - Look elsewhere, the pads, water storage, tipping and reliability are problematic.Bissell - If you have laminate, concrete, stone, tile, brick or other solid surface floors that are okay to steam, this unit is a nice steamer at a decent price. If you have wood floors - look elsewhere.
A good steamer but I am not going to throw away my old Eureka unit!I have been using a steamer on my non-carpeted floor for many years and I am convinced they are a good way to keep floors clean without much effort. It's nice to eliminate the need for chemical cleaners. Bissell has been in the floor cleaning business for a long time. The steam Mop Deluxe has some nice features, but most of them are not dramatic while others make it slightly more expensive to use. On the plus side, the machine comes with everything you need, even a bottle of scented water to use in the steamer.  It includes two mop covers that are machine washable and should last for quite a while and are easy to attach.  Also included is a carpet refresher attachment (something I will never use).  The device is easy to assemble and ready to use in 5 minutes.  I liked the removable water tank and the steamer on/off switch.  However, I did not the replaceable water filtration system that recommends you use distilled water instead of tap water.  In my case (with very soft water) I've never had problems with tap water causing spots on the floor. Perhaps this is an issue with some homes and the filter might be of some benefit, to me it is an added expense I do not need in the future.Using the device was a snap, although for very large floors you might have to add water (very simple).  The best part of this steamer is that it heats up very, very quickly and is ready to use in less than five minutes.  Because of the filtration system I believe it is a little heavier than my old Eureka unit, but it is still basically very light...  Also included is a wall mount bracket if you wish to hang it somewhere.This is a good machine, but as always read the reviews and compare pricing.
Bissell makes some great vacs and floor care machines - I have several of them. Unfortunately, this is not one of their best efforts.There are a number of features that are excellent. The vac is narrow (13 inch path), making it both easier to maneuver around furniture, plus it stores easily in the closet. Much lighter than other vacs I've used - piece of cake to pick up and carry up stairs. Has a HEPA filter plus a washable pre-filter that. On other Bissells, I've found that if wash the pre-filter regularly, it really extends the life of the non-washable HEPA.Construction quality seems sound, and it has a five year warranty. Assembly takes seconds (two screws to attach the handle. Tip: remove the dirt collection bin to make it easier to attach the handle).Bare floor performance is excellent -- great suction, rolls easily, has large, rubber clad wheels that are quiet plus don't scuff hardwood floors, and gets into the toe-kick area of kitchen cabinets. You can turn off the beater bar with a switch on the handle. Both the beater bar switch and the power switch are illuminated, which is a nice touch.Also pleased with the dirt collection system. It's bagless, and the canister is easy to remove and dump out. You occasionally need to reach in to grab fibers (like balls of pet fur) but that's the case with pretty much any bagless system. To me, the benefits of not having to buy bags is an equitable tradeoff.Using it as an upright on carpets is a bit less of a positive experience. Again, no problems with suction power. One wonderful feature is that you can push the handle down almost to the floor without the vac head lifting up. Wonderful for getting under sofas!The biggest fault on carpet is that it has an auto height adjust feature that can't be overridden. Sometimes it works great; other times it gets fooled by the carpet density. For example, I have an area rug that is thick, but has very dense pile. With a manual adjustment I can raise the height so it's easy to run the vac on the carpet. This auto adjust, as all other auto adjusts I've used, sets the height too low, so that it's very difficult to push the vac - the combination of suction and the beater bar makes the vac "stick" to the carpet. In addition to being tiring for the person pushing the vac, it's not good for the carpet either - a too-aggressive cleaning mode can damage the fiber.On other areas, such as a medium pile wall-to-wall rug, the auto adjust worked fine and picked the same height I would have picked if I manually adjusted it. So, it all depends on the type of carpet you have as to whether or not this feature will be a boon or a bust.What is absolutely a bust is the way the tools work. The goal was admirable - make an articulating arm so that you can vac under beds without having to bend down. But, in actual practice, it's horrible - takes twice as long to get the job done than with a conventional tool arrangement. Plus, the wand length is shorter, making it uncomfortable to use if you're tall. The handle on the wand is not comfortable to use if you have large hands. The floor tool itself is good for picking up pet hair, but poor on dirt, crumbs, etc. It can be a bit of a struggle to get the hose back into place once it has been stretched out. The hose is not long enough to reach the top of a flight of stairs. Stretching the hose will usually result in the vac tipping over.None of the tools (other than one extension) store on board, but they do provide a storage sac that can be hooked around the handle.The tool functionality and ergonomics of other Bissells, such as the original or updated HealthyHome, is far better than on the PROlite. Plus, the hose on those models can reach to the top of a flight of stairs.I think this is a five-star vac for hard floors when using it as an upright; 4.5 stars on carpet as an upright, but only 1 star when using it with tools. I'll give it an overall score of 3 stars since I have to pick only one score.If you want a light weight vac and do not use the tools at all (or only very rarely) this is well worth considering. If, however, you want to use the tools to any degree, you're better off with a different model such as the original HealthyHome (heavy but great performance) or the new HealthyHome (lighter, but seems to have less durable construction quality).
This is a nice lightweight bagless vacuum but the attachments need improvement. Below are the PROS and CONS.PROS:- Assembly is a cinch - just insert upper handle into base and screw in two screws.- The vacuum is relatively lightweight.- It comes with a full set of attachment tools for use with or without the bendable wand.  Besides the bendable wand, the tools you get are a crevice tool, TurboBrush, floor tool, dusting brush, and an extension wand. Of course, all tools except for the bendable wand need to be stored elsewhere (meaning not on board the vacuum).  There is an option (according to one part of the manual--which contradicts instructions in another part of the manual) to wedge the crevice tool behind the bendable wand storage area but I found that an ineffective storage location.- The floor tool has a very soft roll bar in the center that won't scratch your floors when using it.- The vacuum picks up a lot of dirt because of the tremendous suction.- The HEPA filter and pre-motor filter are extremely easy to get to and replace or clean.- The dirt canister is easy to remove and empty.  However, if you have pets, pet hair will get caught in the upper part of the unit and have to be pulled out by hand.  Also, any rotary brushes you use (the one on the unit and the TurboBrush) will have to be cleaned frequently for hair removal.  The plastic cover on the TurboBrush is easy to remove for cleaning.- The vacuum has an automatic height adjustment, so you can go from rugs with various piles to bare floors without turning any dial.- The beater bar (rotary brush) doesn't start turning until the vacuum is in the reclining position for vacuuming.  Pushing the power button is all you need to do to put this brush in standby mode for when you are ready to vacuum the rugs. If you move off the rug and onto the floor, then just press the brush button to turn off the rotary brush.- The front of the vacuum has bumper guards so that if you hit furniture it won't leave a scratch.- Since the footprint of the vacuum is a few inches smaller than the standard size vacuum, you may be able to vacuum between chair legs and other furniture you normally can't get to with a full-size vacuum.- When vacuuming you are able to clip the power cord to the back part of the upper handle thereby keeping it out of the way.- There's a storage area in the back of the unit to wind the power cord around which has an easy cord release feature.CONS:- The cord is pretty long for a lightweight unit; however, it's about 2 feet shorter than full-size vacuums.  Some may find this a problem.- There's no light on the base of the unit like most full-size vacuums.  I don't care about this feature but you might.- The attachment tools do not store on the vacuum, instead you store them in the tool bag provided.  I don't care about this feature but some might find it a negative.- The attachments are difficult to "attach to" and "remove from" the vacuum hose (fit is too tight) and they are difficult to work with.  In fact, working with the attachments is downright cumbersome, even if you attach the bendable wand.- The vacuum hose is tightly woven in accordion style.  Therefore, you are able to increase the reach of the hose but the lightweight vacuum keeps falling over because the hose wants to recoil back into its original position.- Allergy sufferers will encounter dust when emptying the dirt container. Also, if you have pets, a lot of the hair has to be pulled out by hand from the container because it just doesn't "fall" out.Overall, this vacuum is a great lightweight upright unit with tremendous suction.  However, if you are a frequent user of the attachments, I suggest you consider another vacuum. If you have allergies, you might also want to consider a vacuum that has a bag. If you rarely use the attachments and want a bagless vacuum with great suction, then this might be the best vacuum for you.
Maybe my 12 yr old Fantom Fury had me spoiled, because I don't find much of any innovative, thoughtful design behind this Bissell, as the box it came in suggests.My old Fantom had all the tools I needed conveniently stored in various locations on the machine.  This Bissell holds the bendable wand and that's it.  The wand has an annoying rattle when the vacuum is carried.  If you want to use any of the other attachments, you need to tote around the storage bag that comes included, while you are vacuuming.  The manual does say you can store the crevice tool on-board, but I don't see the place to put it.The power and brush buttons are illuminated but there is no headlight.  I don't see the point in having illuminated buttons since I won't be vacuuming in the dark, but a headlight would be nice for dark areas underneath tables, etc.Pros:Lightweight, easy to push, easy to carryGood suction, even when the container is near the full markGood suction on the hose, tooEasy to empty the container into the trash, just push the buttonLong 25' cordBrush can be turned off on bare floorsHEPA filter & washable pre-filter, easy to accessCons:Needs on-board storage for all the tools, it's a pain to carry them aroundNo headlightInstruction manual is hard to comprehend, pictures 1" tall and poorly shotHose & extension wand not quite long enough for me, I am 5'4" tall and I can't reach the top of my vaulted ceiling, 11 feet up.If having your attachments handy while you do your vacuuming isn't a priority for you, you will more than likely be happy with this vacuum.  If you like easy access to your attachments, probably not.  Lack of on-board accessory storage is a deal breaker for me.I like the PROLite vacuum, but I would love it if the design could be changed to hang ALL the attachments on the sides.
I bought this blender to replace an aging, $35 blender that I have owned for 20 years-so the bar wasn't too high to start with. For the price of this blender, I expected it to be rock solid and have no issues or compromises. Sadly, that wasn't the case. The blender is OK, and sort of does what I expected, but it comes up a little short.The Good stuff:1. Once you get through all the issues, it does blend pretty well. It makes great frozen margaritas, and smoothies are well blended and smooth, no matter what you put into it.2. The large jar is a nice feature- lets you make nice big batches of whatever you are making.3. It looks professional and classy enough that you can let it sit out on the counter.4. It seems well made, at least as far as external fit and finish. Time will tell about the motor and switch control reliability.The Not-So-Good Stuff:1. I have no idea what they were thinking of with the lid. It seems just about impossible to get it to fit on the top of the jar, and it doesn't seem to seal all that well. I always seem to use the thing with the lid held in place with my hand. My old cheapo-matic beats this blender hands down in the lid-fitting category.2. The controls take some getting used to. There is a separate on/off button, so you have to press two buttons to get the thing to start. OK, not a big deal, but annoying. It also has a digital timer-which I have found no use for. Everything I blend I time by how it looks, not how many seconds have elapsed.3. Unless you have a hand shaped like a chimpanzee, loosening and tightening the blades is a bit of a challenge. There is just no room to get your hand around the blade/blade holder assembly except with your fingertips-and it is tough to tighten the blade enough to prevent leaks. Removing a tightened blade is even tougher. This sort of forces you into cleaning the jar with the blade installed-a less than ideal situation. Cleaning the bottom side of the jar is a real challenge due to tight spacing and lots of nooks and crannies.4. Press a cycle selection button, and there is all sorts of stopping, starting, slowing down and speeding up. No doubt there is some great benefit to this, but it just seems to waste time. Maybe I don't make anything sophisticated enough to require computer controlled blending cycles, but come on, just spin the blade and get it over with.5. My old cheap-o-matic would pretty much blend anything you put in it. This model is a lot more fussy about what ingredients are put in and in what order. My favorite smoothie recipe is yogurt and an assortment of fruits. The old bender could handle that just fine, but this blender will not blend anything that doesn't start out with a liquid base. Fill the jar with yogurt and then berries and the motor will just spin but not blend anything. Start with the fruit first, and you get blueberry mush topped with yogurt.If you start with milk or some other liquid, it works great. Same deal with margaritas-they come out fine because there is enough liquid (tequila) in the bottom of the blender to get things started.6. Anything you pour seems to drip down the side of the jar, and get under the base of the jar. Cleaning spills from the base of the unit is not exactly easy-there is a tight fit between the drive mechanism and the sides of the base.Conclusion:Compared to the cheap piece of "kitchen technology" it was replacing, this blender delivers much better results. Ice is crushed into a fine texture, and pretty much anything you can get into the jar seems to be well blended. However for the price, I had expected flawless performance and design, with none of the issues that I found. None of them are fatal, but the blender has a number of issues that could have been much better thought out. More than anything, it seems like this model was the first design draft, with a number of bugs that should have been smoked out and fixed in a second revision.Perhaps my expectations were just too high. However, the old blender has stayed under the counter since this one showed up, so I guess that counts as success. I still think it is a better blender than anything else I looked at at this price range.
I put chopped ice, almond milk and some mint Oreos (don't judge me! :) in this blender to give it a whirl. I wanted to see if I could get some kind of smoothie. I ran it on every button but none of the options spun the smoothie to the point where the top even moved. I had to open the blender up and push it down manually to get some blending. After running several times, through several cycles and pushing the stuff down several times I gave up and drank my icy milk.Here's the problem. The blender is made with a huge jar but only a very small cup sized area has the chopping/ spinning blades. Think a coffee canister sitting on top of a measuring cup. The blade is in the cup. How is it supposed to spin the whole contents of the coffee canister? It doesn't.Ominously, the logo on the front of the jar spun clockwise and now sits about an inch to the left of where it started (should that really spin? I doubt it.) And when I pulled the jar off I found drips of the chocolaty almond milk. I don't know how it got down below the jar but it was there. This tells me that the seal isn't tight and or it is getting overly tight and unsealing. Whatever the case, this isn't a very well made blender. I don't recommend it. I'll stick with my Ninja.
With the Cuisinart name I was anticipating a cut above blender. Maybe that is why I was being so critical when I wrote this review. With that in mind...Base is extra tall and the blended container is wide and low. Overall it is about an inch taller than my Waring Pro Blender. The base at first glance looks like brushed stainless, and then upon closer inspection it is painted metal. The metal underneath is rough sanded unevenly giving the blender a cheap shoddily prepared finish look. From a distance it looks like brushed stainless.When you turn it on it makes a rattling noise sort of like a misaligned plastic mechanism wobbling as it spins. I checked the mechanism to be sure it was tight and secure; it was. The gasket was tight, and it did not leak when filled with water and spun. I've read other reviews that said it was loud; I call it disturbing. As a mechanic I don't have any confidence in the build quality of the product. When I first turned it on low and ran it for about 5 seconds there was a slight over heated plastic smell. The entire mixing top is all made out of plastic even the clutching gear that synchronizes with the base gear is all plastic; even the base gear is plastic, shiny chrome looking plastic. Fortunately the blades themselves are made out of metal. I was disappointed to see the top sitting there so insecurely. As it makes the rattling noise the top sort of quivers from side to side.At first I was a little annoyed that you have to press the on/off button and wait for it to start blinking (which happens right away) before you can make a speed selection. Then I realized this is probably a safety feature so children don't stick their hands down inside and easily activate the motor.I have a Waring Pro Blender with a cast iron base finely prepared and finished with a durable baked on finish. It is a little bit quieter than the Cuisinart, but makes an even and non-disturbing sound. The top container is made of thick/clear glass. Even my brother's inexpensive Osterizer model has a metal container, the Waring has glass, and the Cuisinart has plastic.I love Cuisinart products so I am a bit surprised with this one. My advice is to spend a little more and get a Waring Pro, or spend a third as much and get an Osterizer. (Although it is not as good as the Waring Pro) This review is for the Cuisinart Power Edge 1000-watt blender model CBT-1000. They call this the Elite Collection?
While I like my oldNinja BL204 Kitchen System Pulse Blendera lot, it is also a bit small when wanting to make larger amounts of blended foods, so I welcomed the chance to evaluate the Cuisinart CBT-1000. Here are my comments, in no particular order:PROs:- Large capacity: Having reached the limit of the above-mentioned Ninja often when attempting to make more than 2 relatively small smoothies, the 64 oz. capacity of this jar is great.- Heavy, die-cast base: It helps with the blender's stability during blending - definitely a plus.- Count-up timer: Useful when trying to time the blending action and avoid over-blending.- Blending: I make mostly smoothies in my blenders and these turn out nicely in the CBT-1000. The ingredients are very uniformly blended and even the crushed ice I used blended completely into everything else.(see additional note under Cons)- Accommodates both right-handed and left-handed people by offering the option to place the jar with the handle on either side. Being a lefty myself, I appreciate that.NEUTRAL:- Dedicated buttons for blender functions. Personally I find that to be a bit of an overkill. Previous blenders I have used, including the Ninja, either had just one blending function or a pulse/blend function. That was it. And I have never missed other speeds or functions. I am sure that some people will find this to be a great thing, but for me personally I don't really need these.CONs: (some just mentioned for completeness)- I found the assembly to be a bit on the tedious side. Once I had the blade assembly in, I could not get it out anymore and had to put the jar back onto the base to get it to loosen. The rubber lid is relatively hard to put on but quite easy to remove.- The center opening in the lid is so small that I cannot see adding ingredients through it very comfortably, especially not liquids. Minor for me, but wanted to mention it anyway.- Placement of jar: The instructions say to simply place the assembled jar onto the base with the measuring markers facing the user and the handle to either side. At least on my machine that was pretty much impossible. I could not get the jar to sit on the base that way, it was always a bit off to the side. Also, unlike other blenders I have used, this one apparently does not need to click into place. I disliked this more than I thought. I prefer to get audible feedback when it comes to appliances like these. And unlike in the Cuisinart product video (available on You Tube), my jar moved ever so slightly when I turned on the blending action. I am not sure why or whether this is OK. So far no leaks but again, because of lack of "click" feedback, I cannot be certain that I did this right. This was my most major drawback when it comes to this blender.- Making my smoothies (yogurt, milk, bananas, frozen strawberries, some sugar/sweetener and some crushed ice) takes three rounds of going through the "Smoothie" setting in order to blend it all together, as well as using my spatula in-between in order to get un-blended pieces to blend. This is not really a big deal for me but I wanted to mention it. The "Smoothie" setting runs for 30 seconds, and that is absolutely too short to get anywhere near something looking like a smoothie in my case. Two more rounds do the trick, however, and the end result is a very uniform and great-tasting beverage.SUMMARY:Based on my experience so far, I would have given this blender 4 stars but factoring in the price, Cusinart's claim that this is their most powerful blender as well as my issues with placing the jar onto the base, I would like to deduct at least half a star. Since half stars are not possible, I decided on a 3-star rating.
I was reluctant to replace my ancient, heavy blender because it had a stronger motor than most new ones and seemed much sturdier than the cheaper, newer models.  I've replaced the glass jar and the rubber gasket multiple times but the parts are getting harder to find.So, I was a little skeptical, but I was excited to try this blender.  It is very powerful and surprisingly quiet, much quieter than my old one.  The jar is lighter and sturdier than the glass ones; however after a few uses it always looks a little dirty, no matter how I clean it.  The blades are very efficient (proven when I stabbed myself with one of them).  The overall unit is attractive, and I don't mind leaving it on my counter because I've been using it *a lot*.It works well and quickly for blending.  It crushes ice small and consistently enough for great snow cones.  And for everything else I've tried, it works just as a blender should.  It has only a low and a high speed in addition to pre-programmed settings for ice, smoothies, and pulse.  They are easy to understand and use.  My old one had several speeds, but I've found I don't really need all that.  The Smoothie setting, when it finishes, beeps obnoxiously and continues to do so until I turn off the whole blender.  (It may eventually stop beeping, but it is so obnoxious I don't have the patience to wait it out.)There are some drawbacks that have become more important to me the more I used the blender.  There is a small rubber gasket that came preassembled in my blender, but you are supposed to take it out for cleaning when you clean the blender.  I can't get it out.  I probably could if I used a toothpick or knife tip, but I am afraid that would damage it.  So initially ignored it and left it in place, probably not a good thing.  It started looking nasty, so now when I clean, I pry it out with the tip of a knife.  I'm not sure it will last very long with that treatment.When reassembled, if tightened too much, it is really hard to get off again.  If tightened less tightly, it is prone to leaking through the gasket and only the electronic base, making a huge mess.The blades and screw-up bottom are all one integrated piece, where my old blender had the blades attached to a flat disc that nestled into the screw-on bottom.  The integrated one is hard to clean, and harder to get more solid foods out of.  I pureed some liver for my furry ones, and left too much in the blender because of that.  Also, I really want the blender spotless when I make myself a smoothie after pureeing food.  A liver-tinged smoothie is just not appealing.  So, it takes longer to clean make sure that doesn't happen.  I can't use a dishcloth or sponge without endangering my fingers, so I have to use a brush to clean it.While its blending capabilities are better than my old one, I can't say that it is worth the extra work to keep it clean and the extra expense.  And I had such great hopes....
I have owned and used the Breville Gourmet Single Cup Brewer for two weeks now.  Right out of the box it's easy to set-up.  I didn't need to read the directions; everything from plugging it in, figuring out how to fill the reservoir, and setting up the water filter were all self explanatory.  Navigating the menu was also simple; I was able to select the water temperature, brew size, set the auto-off feature, and clock in a matter of minutes.Things I like:1) The blue-hue being emitted from the water tank, very calming.2) The menu screen is very clear to read and navigate.3) The drip tray is easily removed for cleaning.4) Filling the reservoir is easy.  We use filtered water to begin with, not sure if we really need the added water filter that's included (it's good for up to 2 months).5) Love that it's stainless steel.6) Including the additional filter and scooper, and having it tucked away in the top of the brewing system is really handy!  (Good option that I had to pay extra for when I purchased the Keurig B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System).7) The system can be off and within 2 minutes I can have a cup of hot chocolate; compatible to making a cup of hot water in the microwave.  I also use the hot water for cooking.Now for the dislikes:1) I actually don't like the design; it seems too industrial for my kitchen.  Although, my husband likes it.** 2) It hasn't always worked.  Twice this system hasn't filled a cup completely.  I'm not sure why.  I didn't do anything differently; just not enough water came out.  I had to hit "Brew" again and it nearly overfilled my cup.  This evening I turned it on and had to go through the process of waiting for it to heat up, tell me to "open head," and "brew," only to NOT brew anything.  Finally, on the third try, it magically worked.  Not sure what that's about!All in all it's a good system.  Even with the hiccups of not working a couple of times it hasn't been too frustrating to get working again.  But, we'll have to see... I'll definitely add an update if it keeps happening. As for now, I'm liking it!  Just not sure it's worth the price over similar products...
I am spoiled with all my gadgets that make my life fun and mostly easier.  This one just doesn't have all the right stuff.  However it does do exactly what it says it will do and that is "keeps ready-to-eat food items fresh for longer".I love myFoodSaver V2840 Advanced Design Vacuum Food Sealerthat I use for freezing meats and fish.  I live and breathe by that one.  This little hand held one is convenient to do some small jobs, but not exactly what I would want hanging out on my counter for those times when I want to use it.  I did have a little trouble a few times getting the air to start to come out of the vacuum zipper bags...  The deli container was a breeze.It is great for cheeses (especially the stinky kinds), deli meats and bacon.  The deli container is very good (just not sure how long the flap will last) and it does keep fresh food fresher longer. I don't like how it has to stay plugged in all the time to be ready to use when I decide to use it.  The vacuum zipper bags are pricey and I am not into storing the deli containers just to use with this one item.Since all food in my house is consumed so quickly we probably wouldn't use this much.  Could see someone living alone using this to save their food.  FoodSaver needs to have all of their containers interchangeable with the different units available.
This looked like a handy little gadget for quick sealing to save foods at least for shorter term storage. I do own the large food saver which is great and works very well. This little portable saver is OK it sucks the air out of the bags and container but it is proprietary so nothing is interchangeable with the large unit. The bag works well as long as it doesn't contain much, the area where you place this gadget has to be clear of food so it can suck out the air so you can't fill the bags very far. The bags and containers are expensive so I probably wouldn't buy many.While this does work I would only recommend it if you don't mind the cost of the bags and containers and you aren't looking for long storage, plus it will need constant charging, I myself prefer a plug in so that there is no worry about a battery going bad or not being charged, it only uses electricity when plugged in.
Pros:-It does suck the air out of the bag or container, creating a vacuum seal.-The containers are useful and easily reusable.-The bags are reusable if you don't store something smelly or greasy in them.-Bags are washable.-Containers are washable in the dishwasher/top rack.-Food does stay fresh longer but not as long as the melting seal type bags.-This is a less expensive option for a vacuum-packaging system.Cons:-You can't create a custom-size bag like the food savers that melt the plastic for vacuum sealing.-Bags are expensive. The current cost (3/2010) per 1-quart bag is about .44 cents.-After 2 weeks, the bag lost its seal.  This rarely happens in the melting seal type systems.  The seal is only as good as the Ziploc on the bags.-If you get any food in the Ziploc zone, it will not seal properly.-The vacuum unit is an energy vampire because you need to keep it plugged in to keep the motor charged.In summary:  This is a good "inexpensive" option for short-term vacuum sealing.  I wouldn't count on this system for long-term freezer storage because it will lose its seal & ice crystals will form on the food.  The replacement bags are expensive so you need to weigh the cost of the bags against the cost of the food you are storing.  The containers are expensive but you'll probably be able to reuse them more frequently if you treat them with care.
I have other Foodsaver products, and particularly love my old Foodsaver handheld (similar to theWine Saverso I thought this might work along the same lines. Not so. While this has the advantage of being able to seal bags as well, it requires special (expensive) bags that do not stay permanently sealed. Nor does it have nearly the flexibility of the old handheld. That one not only could vacuum the special jars and containers that you could buy, it also could use the mason jar tops to seal jars as well.... a great way to store leftovers in the fridge, or various dry products like nuts, cereal, etc. This sealer also doesn't seem to give me any indication of when it's done as the other one did. Not sure if I got a defective one or that's how it works, but I really expected to see some light come on when it finished.I'd like this more if there was more ways to use the bags and container, but they are fridge only. The container is meant for cold cuts and cheese, and isn't really big enough to use for much else. I exclusively use my foodsaver bags for freezing items, so the fridge bags I found fairly useless other than the occasional use with cheeses.Overall, I really am disappointed in the updated handheld. It reminds me of the changes they made from the original Foodsaver that did a great job of sealing bags with a minimum of waste, to the updated sealers that wasted huge amounts of the bag, forcing you to buy them more often. This device likewise seems designed to see how much *other* stuff you'll buy to use with it.
Whether or not you find this useful really depends on if you own or have used one of the larger Foodsaver vacuum units, and whether or not you have a large amount of disposable income.Like another reviewer here also mentioned, I thought this gadget might work with my existing Foodsaver containers and was terribly excited.  Then, instead of hauling out "Big Bertha" every single time I want to seal a pound of lunch meat in a bag or some dry pasta in one of the canisters, I can just use this little handheld.  Bertha is great for the larger tasks of individually freezing portions of meat or putting up garden green beans and corn for the long haul, but it can be annoying to have to haul her out for small tasks.  This little guy won't work with the canisters I have, meaning an investment in all new containers if I want to get my money's worth out of it.  It comes with only one small deli container and one each of the large and small Ziplock-style bags.The deli container is decent, and I think the idea for this is good overall.  It's nice to have this handy and it doesn't take up much room on the counter or wherever you plan to plug it in.  It's great for storing meats and cheeses, chopped veggies, and probably even things like crackers and leftovers.  There is a nice little collection chamber on the vacuum unit that comes off so you can wash it,  just in case you suck up any liquids in your sealing adventures.  The concept is there, just poorly executed.As for me, I will probably never use it.  You have to keep it plugged in constantly so it will stay charged, and it's just another energy vampire that is constantly draining power from my outlets.  I already have enough of those.Saving money by preserving food for a longer amount of time seems like a great thing, until you factor in the cost of the bags and containers for this thing.  Will those cost you more in the long run than just throwing away the small amounts of food that these things hold?  In the end, might it be a bit more beneficial for you to adjust your grocery shopping and food consumption habits to eliminate the need for one of these systems in the first place?Just a thought.
I had high expectations when I ordered this product.  I was hoping that it would be as nice as my tupperware cupcake carrier, only with a handle.  Well, don't order this thinking it's going to be a piece of tupperware.  Nothing's further from the truth. It's made of that "easy to crack" plastic, making you leery of putting it down anywhere unsafe for glass.  It does include a small, glass pie plate which would be nice if it was a deep dish but alas, it isn't.  It can hold about a dozen cupcakes too, if you don't just put them all in the pie plate area.  But be careful transporting - they'll get all over the place! It's good for its intent - as a pie carrier.  I suppose that this is nice for things like picnics, informal get-togethers, etc., but if you're really going to a fancy holiday party, this guy just WON't be appropriate.  Just wish the plastic was of a better quality.  Recommend, but with the above disappointments.
I like this machine, its easy to use - just plug it in and it's on. The red and green lights on the front make it easy tell when the unit is ready. It makes not only great sandwiches but quesadillas too. The top heating plate is grooved while the bottom is flat. The nonstick surface it has makes it easy to skip the added fat when using a frying pan to make grilled sandwiches. The surface has been easy to wipe clean (the grill plates aren't removable). The cord is easy to put away and the fact that it can easily be stored in a vertical position is a nice bonus. The downside is that it's one more additional appliance I need to store and clean.  You also need to turn you sandwich pretty quickly if you want the grill lines on both sides. While the manufacturer says it can be used as a "griddle" as well, I tried making pancakes on it, but they came out very pale.  Maybe I needed to close the lid after each batch to keep the bottom surface element hot.  I'm not sure I would recommend this to someone unless they were passionate about Panini sandwiches.
Good grilled cheese!The Breville Panini Duo heats quickly and was soon ready for the grilled cheese on sour dough bread I made for my first sandwich.  The floating hinged lid did not flatten the sandwich too much and it was toasted nicely.  Only one side has the streaks typical of a panini.  The other was against a griddle surface so it was toasted in a more traditional manner.  The manufacturer feels this adds to the versatility of the press.  It can also be used as a toaster for things like bagels or English muffins.  You can leave the top in a position that allows it to heat but not grill.  You can also use the smooth surface for things like pancakes.  Back to my grilled cheese.  The cheese was nicely melted all the way through.  I normally make grilled cheese on the broiler setting in my toaster oven.  I have to turn the sandwich halfway though and the cheese isn't as thoroughly melted as it was with the press.I think a downside to this press is that the plates cannot be removed.  If they were, they could have been reversible and then both sides could either be smooth or ridged.  It also makes cleaning difficult.  The instructions suggest cleaning while the plates are still warm, but not hot.  If they are allowed to cool and food doesn't want to come off, heat the plates for a few minutes to soften the food.  It's a fine line between warm enough to remove the food easily and so hot it will burn you.  If the plates were removable, you could put them in the sink to soak after they were cool.I liked the heating capabilities of this panini press.  I did not like having the ridges on only one side.  I also found cleaning a bit of a challenge, and my sandwich was not very messy.  I hate to think of cleaning it after a really cheesy, melty sandwich.
So, a week ago, I let someone use this mug for some hot herbal tea.  She really liked the mug.  The insulation is great.  Every Thermos stainless steel travel mug I've owned (including one I've had for over 15 years) does an outstanding job of keeping my morning coffee hot.One week later, and I still cannot get the smell of that tea out of the lid.  Every sip of coffee I take is accompanied by a whiff of the tea from last week.  I have put some extra effort into cleaning the lid: Thermos includes directions for taking it apart for cleaning, and I've tried several rounds of Dawn dishwashing liquid, and a couple doses of baking soda.  No luck.  I can still smell that tea.  I'm open to suggestions for another way to clean it.I have never had this kind of problem with any other Thermos travel mug, including one with a similar style of lid (but made of a slightly different, slightly smoother material).  It's unfortunate, because I like everything else about this mug.  But until I can figure out a way to get that smell out of the lid, I'm going to use something else.Perhaps this won't matter to you.  In all other aspects, I would highly recommend this mug.  If you plan to use this mug for just one kind of beverage, then you won't need to worry about smelling someone else's beverage while you drink your own.  However, be cautious about sharing the mug with someone who will be drinking something else.
For the most part, I am pleased with this little iwavecube microwave. It is about half the size of a normal countertop unit, (and exact dimension are in the listing). It heats small food items quickly. This would be ideal for a dorm, home office, or cramped countertop.I do however have a few minor gripes. When you first take it out of the box, you have to remove a layer of clear film from the unit. Maybe I did it wrong, but some of the plastic got stuck in the bends and folds of the machine which is mostly a cosmetic issue. There were no instructions on how to properly remove this protective film, only a sticker telling me to remove it.I also didn't like that the display and controls were on the top of the unit. The whole point of something this small is so that you can tuck it under something into a tight spot or on a shelf. You can't do that because you won't be able to access the contols. Also you can't set or stack anything on top of it for the same reason.Overall I give this little iwavecube 3 stars!
I've used this iWavecube Personal Desktop Microwave for a while now, and here are my impressions.Pros:- Small size means it can fit anywhere (10-1/2-inch wide by 12-inch high by 10-inch deep).  It weighs 12 pounds.  I placed it in my man-cave, near the bar area.  You can barely see it.- It's an attractive unit.  It definitely looks sleek and will add a bit of class.- Ideal for warming up small snacks, such as popcorn and soup.  I used it often to warm up coffee that became lukewarm (you can't use a tall mug though).Cons:- I didn't find it was strong enough to cook frozen meals.- Buttons are on top, so you need to ensure you have accessibility to the top.- It's not a bargain.  If you have the space, you are much better off getting a full-featured microwave, since they can be found cheap these days.Overall, this product will fit a specific niche.  If you have a very small space, and only have the need to heat up smaller items, this will be ideal.  Otherwise, you should look at smaller full-featured microwaves.
Everything about the vacuum is fine.  We have a black chow that leaves clumps of his black hair everywhere in our rec room where he stays mostly.  This is a supplemental vacuum used specifically for that area of our house.  It is tiresome carrying our other vacuum up and down stairs, so I felt this could be the answer.  It vacuums well, it is fairly quiet in a room with paneled walls that offer little sound absorption.  My other choice to pick up the dog hair was trudging up and down the steps with our upstairs vac or using my wet/dry vac that sounds like an airplane taking off.  This is a far better choice than either of those.The drawback would seem to be the "bag less" feature.  I've only used it for one vacuuming, but I wanted to see about emptying the dirt.  Unless I carry it outside to do the job I expect a mess when emptying.  There doesn't seem to be a way to keep the dust from settling out of the trash bin.  I can live with this problem, and just empty it outside, but I think my preference is not bag less.  Removing and disposing of a full vacuum bag is much neither.
I am comparing this to a Shark Navigator and the Hoover WindTunnel MAX Pet Plus Multi-Cyclonic Bagless Upright, UH70605. The suction is comparable to the Shark. But this unit is so much heavier and bulky. So compared to the shark, I don't really like it for that reason. Compared to the WindTunnel Max which has cyclone technology (12 cyclones--and no loss of suction). This is about the same size and weight as the Wind Tunnel Max, maybe about 0.5 pounds lighter and just as bulky. But it doesn't have the cyclones. So I like this the least of the three vacuums.Features I do like however are: 1. Large capacity canister. 2. the handle folds down for storage. 3. Long cord 27' (WindTunnel Max is 1 foot longer). 5. Carpet height adjustment for different pile carpets. I like this function on my $1000+ Kirby vacuum and this has it.It's a nice vacuum. If you can spend more, I like the WindTunnel Max more for the same weight and size. For the same technology and suction, I prefer a smaller lighter vacuum like my shark. But this is definitely a decent vacuum for the price and it has so many functions that it can definitely be a only or main vacuum for any household.
I was looking for a second vacuum to use for fast cean ups so that I did not need to pull out the full size canister vacuum and power head.  Here is what I liked about the vacuum:1.  This vacuum has a lot of suction and does a nice job of pulling out dirt from rugs.2.  Considering the size of the motor (12A) this vacuum is not too noisy.  I would not say that it is quiet, but I would not say that it is excessively loud either.3.  The unit is easy to assemble.  There is only one philips head screw that you need to remove to install the folding handle then re-install the screw, put the removable canister in, clip on the accessory power tool and you are done  5 minutes max.4.  The unit has a nice light on it that makes it easy to see what you are doing in those dark corners.5.  The handle folds down with just one click to make it easier to storeHere is what I did not like:1.  There is no adjustment for the amount of suction that you get.  It is full tilt all of the time.2.  The hose that is included in the unit is of the type that you need to stretch out to get any length.  The hose then recompresses on its own to go back to a short length.  This may be a nice feature except that you have to keep tension on it all of the time to keep it extended.  This tends to pull the unit into things that you probably did not intend.3.  I am not quite sure what they mean when they say that you can use this unit to do an entire flight of stairs unless they meant that if you have 6 steps you can reach maybe three from the top and three from the bottom, but only just!  You woud also need to use the powered hand tool to do this and not the regular vacuum unit.  The hand unit is powered by the air moving over it to turn the brush.  It does work, but does not do the same job that the main unit brushes do.  This is a real issue on stairs since they get a lot of dirt from traffic ground into them.4.  Bagless systems have not improved much in my opinion.  While there may be a hepa filter to keep the dust from flying through the house from the motor unit, emptyig out the holder wil cause dust to fy in al directions.  If you have carpets or pets, expect to have to reach into the unit to get the dirt out because it will stick in there!  So, if you have any aergies this is NOT a system that you want to use!  Also, do not empty the unit in the house or you will have dust to clean up!5.  The cord is a litte short unless you have small rooms.  Also the cord winder, while convenient, does not have much strength and I question its life expectancy.Overall, this is an alright vacuum if you have a single story house or do not intend to use it on stairs.  It has a lot of suction, but no way to lower that suction so be VERY careful if you use one of the tools to vacuum delicate drapes.I would not personally recommend this vacuum as I believe that are better ones out there.
I'd like to give this vacuum more stars but, for me, the fact that the attachment hose is so short reduces its usefulness tremendously. In almost all respects, this vacuum is very similar, if not identical, to most other bagless uprights. It is lightweight, cleans hardwood and tile as well as carpet, empties easily into the trash with no messy, expensive bag, and has a handy retractable cord. One thing I do like about the vacuum is the the ability to fold the handle so you can fit it in a coat closet, below the coats. But that doesn't offset the annoyance of having to work around that short hose.
I love the color of the dark blue sleeve on this cup, but I couldn't really get into this product.  It's a perfectly functional cup.  The velvety sleeve feels nice to touch.  But I've never had a beverage be so hot that it burns my hands through a porcelain cup.  If it's that hot, I let it sit and cool for a couple minutes on the counter, anyway- if it's that hot to touch through a porcelain cup, it's way too hot to think about sipping!I cannot deny that this is a beautiful cup, though.  That blue color on the sleeve is my favorite color, like the color of the sky just before the sun sinks down below the horizon for the night.  I think as a travel cup, with a silicone lid to go on, I would like this cup much more.
This is a unique cup -- It feels more like a glass then a mug for coffee.  I did throw it in the dish washer and the fussy blue on the outside continued to stay new looking.  The  cup has velvety blue wrap on the outside and does keep your hand cool while you drink a hot beverage.
I picked this cup up because I thought it was nice looking and I was kind of intrigued by the over all idea of it. It is a lovely looking cup and would fit in nicely with a modern look kitchen. I do have a couple of quibbles with the cup, thus the rating. First off, it is definitely not a cup for the jumbo sized mitt. It is on the delicate side and I had thought to use it for a family member who can no long grasp the handles of cups, that is a no-go because of the size of the cup. Another, more problematic, issue is the fact that when you microwave the cup it gets h-o-t. Even the blue fuzzy area is too hot to handle.On the good side; the cup washes up well and has survived several trips through the dishwasher with no ill effect.A lovely cup but I can't really recommend it.
The Kahla cup is hand made and is dishwasher safe.  The velvet like wrap is supposed to keep your hands from getting too hot but when I used my tea pot to make tea and poured hot water in, the cup was pretty hot.  I was still able to pick it up and I am sure if it was freezing cold, I would have enjoyed the sensation.However, it is supposed to be designed so you can pick up hot liquids without a handle.  I think boiling water is just too hot for it.  I would not let young kids pick this up with boiled water in it. I do like how it looks and reminds me of a &#34;to go&#34; cup with a sleeve around it.  It is a nice looking cup, but not what I expected.
The point of the cup:  use yours hands to &#34;cup the cup,&#34; and not worry about your hands burning on the heated cup itself.  Instead, the blue material warms to a comfortable temperature, and you warm your hands while drinking your preferred hot beverage.  All in all, a pretty good idea.  But it's certainly not without its shortcomings.First, at just under 12 ounces, it's a lot less cup than I'm used to having for my tea.  My usual tea cups are around 16 ounces, of which I probably fill to around 14 ounces.  This one, I probably fill up to about 9-10 ounces...The other piece - my fingers and hands aren't of exceptional girth, but still, the blue part isn't enough to cover all my fingers.  Thus, my and half of ring finger don't quite fit - so I end up pulling them back, which isn't comfortable.So while the idea itself is pretty clever, the implementation could use a couple improvements for me to upgrade existing cups to these, even if they are a bit more attractive than traditional.
The blue fuzzy part is adequate when used for brewing coffee with a Keurig.But when used to get hot water from the same Keurig, it doesn't insulate anywhere near enough - it was much too hot to hold comfortably. So a big fall on that score.The swatch is also not that big. You can't fit four fingers over it, only three.Lastly, it doesn't look that good to me. The dark blue swath on white just looks unbalanced. Other colors may work better. For this color, they needed some other color on the fuzz or on the mug to even out the look.
The KAHLA Touch Five Senses Mug is a nice mug to use when drinking your hot drink.  The mug itself is fairly tall, holds a good amount of drink, and is comfortable to hold.  My biggest gripes involve the velvety sleeve around the mug.  The velvet sleeve is pretty much fabric glued to the outside of the mug.  While it does help with the heat on the outside of the mug when holding it, it also is a catch all for all sorts of nasty things when you put it in the sink.  Once we got oily sauce on the outside of it and it took a while to clean off that fabric.  On the up side, it does dry fairly quickly.Overall, the mug works well, but the ascetics and function of the velvet material really isn't all that great.  There are other mugs in my cabinet I still prefer over using this one.  If you like the way it looks, you'll like this mug.
This is a good quality porcelain cup.  The size 11 3/4 oz is well chosen.  The concept is that it uses soft fuzzy insulation instead of a handle (same idea as the extra sleeve around a Starbucks cup).  It works fine.But to me it seems somewhat overpriced for a simple single cup.  However, if you are looking to have something different to hand your guests when they ask for coffee or tea, then this might fit the bill.  Otherwise I can't recommend it at this price.
The is a pretty cup with a built-in blue insulating sleeve similar to the coffee shop placing a ring of cardboard around you carry-out cup - only much nicer.  It works, the sleeve does keep the cup cool enough to touch. It tolerates reheating in the microwave fairly well. After reheating I could feel warmth through the sleeve but not so hot as to burn my hand.The instructions state the cup is dishwasher safe but I take that with the same grain of salt as 'machine washable' fabrics. So far it has survived multiple washes in the dishwasher with no noticable wear. However, if it's something I really like, I handwash it.This is a nice cup if you're looking for something a little different -perhaps a gift for someone who has everything or a cool looking cup for your desk that will stand out for everyone else's cup with a handle.
The KAHLA Touch Five Senses Large Cup is a ceramic mug without the handle.  In place is a flocked surface that encircles about 80% of the vessel.  The idea is that one can hold the cup without the heat transfer, so it's supposed to act like an insulator on a paper coffee cup.  The flocked surface can be washed, and according to the manufacturer is dishwasher safe.Does it work? Yes, but only if you have small hands. I burned my pinkie because 1) the band isn't wide enough, so as a man with man hands you can only get three fingers on the surface, and 2) both ends of the band are rounded, so you must always grab the mug in such a way that you avoid unblocked area, which is frankly stupid, but true.But here is my real question: the cup doesn't come equipped with a travel lid, and its difficult to hold, because your hands have to be positioned directly or they get burned.  Wouldn't a regular mug accomplish the same thing?  Or you can buy a really nice travel insulated coffee cup and use it at you desk or when you walking about or driving.  With this, you need to worry about spilling, and with no handle, that hot liquid sloshing over the sides is going to come in contact with your fingers.  Can you tell that benefit of this product isn't evident to me?Maybe I'm old fashioned, so while this works, it doesn't work for me; which what my three star rating means.
When I received this iron I read the directions and discovered that it is not designed to produce steam for any settings below wool and silk (which are the same on the temperature dial, even though I always need more heat for wool than silk).  This is a problem.  Synthetics, especially rayon, often need steam but don't react well to dampening the fabric outright with my handy plastic sprayer from the hardware store, as I do for cotton and linen.Although the iron happily produced "shots" of steam when I pressed the button when the iron was at wool/silk and higher temperatures, I could not get it to produce any appreciable amount of ongoing steam at any temperature setting.  I suppose the one I received is defective; at least, I hope that's not an inbuilt design problem.  Result:  I had to go back to my older iron to actually get the wrinkles out of my clothes.The auto-lift feature is annoying and I quickly turned it off. The 30-minute auto-turnoff, since apparently irons all must have one these days, is much better for sewing than the very short turnoff time on many irons.  However, this iron is too large (read enormous) for pressing while sewing. Unless it's a very large flat area of the garment, you are smashing areas you don't want to touch at this moment together with the area you are trying to press.A minor annoyance is that although the water tank is quite large, the "max"/do-not-fill-above-this-line limit is very low, meaning most of the water tank must  be left empty at all times.  And it's an unnecessarily difficult tank to fill. Although the manual says it can be filled from a faucet there's no way I can do that, because the iron handle is directly over the opening for the water tank.  In fact, the handle even blocks pouring from the special cup provided.  You can't ever empty the cup because after you tilt it to a certain point, the iron handle blocks pouring.On the good side, the temperature dial is easy to turn and there's a green light that blinks while the iron heats and stops when the correct temperature has been reached. The cord is nice and long.  But that's not enough to make up for the defects.
There are lots of things to say about this iron but let me start with the one thing that makes this iron different than all the other irons on the market. The Oliso Pro Smartiron has itouch technology. It's the only iron with feet. The auto-lift system automatically lowers the iron as you touch it and lifts it as you let go of it. That's the feature that makes this one different and what contributes to the high price. You don't even have to sit the iron on its heel, you can just leave it flat and the feet will pick it up off the ironing board.In theory, the itouch technology is a good idea. I don't have to worry about sitting the iron down and burning a shirt or pants. At first, I thought this was so cool. My kids even said "cool robot iron". Quickly, this feature became more of a pain than a help. Besides, the small annoyance that I have to wait just a fraction of a second or so for the iron to do it's thing, the iron's feet grabs the clothing at times and it pinches and gets stuck between the foot and iron. Often, it does that slightly and makes a big wrinkle in the clothing.  There is a button on the back of the iron where you can turn the itouch technology off. I turned mine off and was thankful that option was available. If you're paying the high price for the itouch feature then the performance would be a disappointment. Let me say that it does work. It worked every time, the feet came in and out without fail. I just didn't like it.Other features of the iron are that it is a really big, heavy iron. I personally like big and heavy irons because I think the weight helps in ironing but I know other people do not.The steaming was probably average. You fill the iron from the side which was really nice. I could put the iron right up to the faucet and fill through the side spout but there is an included measuring cup that comes with it. The amount of steam that comes out and the actual pressing is probably average.Another nice feature is the detailer feature where there is space on the front of the iron where you can get between layers for around pockets, etc.It has an extended auto shut-off.
I have a friend who irons sheets and quilts and when I was offered this for review I thought that she'd be an ideal person to test it. (I iron, but mostly shirts and this clearly isn't optimized for detailed work like that). Her reaction was that when it works it works pretty well, but it's awfully fiddly. Specifics:It drips - even when she fills it before turning it on. Not always, but enough to be annoying.The riser things often work, but sometimes they get stuck, and she fees that she'd rather have a model that doesn't have this feature.Though it's heav, not enough so that it was hard to handle for large areas where you're not picking it up all of the time, and the weight helps.Oddly for an iron meant for this purpose, the steam is OK, but not nearly as much as you'd expect.I asked her if she'd buy it at the price and she said that she thought it was likely to fail, and given the limited warranty and the issues other reviewers have had, that she'd pass.
My wife saw this offer, and really wanted to try it even though we have a relatively new Black and Decker. We both gave the Oliso an 8-day intensive test. Before stating the results, you should know that my wife is a small woman with small hands; I'm over 6 feet with a glove size of 8 (small men's).Results:Pros and Sort-of Pros:1. We had NO leaks or spills.2. It ironed quite well, and got the wrinkles out of T-s and jeans as well, but that may be because of the weight and the fact that we put extra downward pressure especially on heavier fabrics.3. The steam is good, but not great. There are no steam vents in the center of the sole plate.4. The "smart" part of the iron might be much better for quilters than for "ordinary" ironing although it also came in handy with sheets. The auto-up is great on very large items (quilts and sheets) because you can lay the iron flat on those items.5. The auto up and down worked without fault for the whole week.Cons:1. The iron is at least a half a pound heavier than the larger Black and Decker or Rowenta. This might make ironing quilts easier, but my wife's hand tired quickly, and it became downright uncomfortable.2. The handle was uncomfortable for both of us: there's a relatively sharp edge between handle and water reservoir. Further the shape of the handle is not as comfortable as others we have. It's also made of hard plastic whereas the B&D; is "rubberized" and feels "cushioned."3. For regular ironing, the smart up and down action are just gimmicky.4. The steam vents are a little larger than the two other irons mentioned, but the B&D; has twice as many holes and produces much more steam.I'd give this 4 stars for quilters because it seems to work well on large items, BUT it is BIG. For "ordinary" ironing, it would get 3 stars because of the weight, lack of comfort, and in a comparison with other irons. I gave and give the B&D; 5 stars; the Rowenta got 4 (until it broke after 6 months).Ultimately, we might use this iron for sheets, and our B&D; for all other ironing. Is that worth the price???? That's not rhetorical; that's up to you.
I understand this iron is a big hit in the quilting world, but I am reviewing it from a non-quilter point of view.  First of all, the unit is quite attractive.  Some might be turned off by the sunflower yellow color, but I like it.  The iron has a good grip in your hand, and doesn&#8217;t feel too large or too small.The touch technology works great, and I never even knew this type of technology existed.  It lowers legs as soon as you take your hand off of the handle.  It does take a little bit of time before you get used to putting the iron plate-down.  I&#8217;ll admit being able to do that is not a huge deal to me, but it would likely save you a second of time vs putting it on its legs.  The leg mechanism is not that quiet though, so it might get annoying to you to keep hearing that sound every time you take your hand off the iron.The water reservoir is filled when it&#8217;s lying on its plate, which is very convenient.  It&#8217;s basically impossible to make a mess spilling water.However, the major issue for me was its performance.  It simply does not have as many steaming holes as conventional irons.  While this may be ideal in the quilting world, I found that its ironing ability on standard cotton clothing was nothing great.  If you aren&#8217;t working with quilts or delicate clothing, you are better off with a standard iron.
I want to love it... look at it, all sunshiney yellow and happy looking. I'm a sucker for technology, and being that I sort of hate ironing I figure anything posed at making it easier is a win win. Yet I'm left feeling a bit blah about my little yellow friend here. I love the idea... no risk of burning your clothing or quiliting, easy to fill & refill, long time before it shuts off. I'm a stay at home mom & crafter, I'm often working on something when called away to help with a homework question, or to wipe a bottom... having an iron that isn't going to shut off before I get back is awesome, having one that will automatically lift up and keep me from burning my fabric (or house down) if someone screams and I need to go running to see what sort of catastrophe is happening is a big plus. All these things sound good in theory, but they fall short in reality.  #1 I'm used to standing my iron on end, it sort of comes naturally and I seriously, even after using this for a couple weeks, almost still go to stand it on end EVERY. SINGLE. STUPID. TIME.... why yes biggest selling feature, I can't seem to wrap my feeble brain around you ::sighs:: #2 it's &#34;easy&#34; to fill in that it's physically easy to pour in the water, not in that you're supposed to shut off and unplug the thing every time you need to refill it, then plug it back in and reset it.... sort of makes the &#34;easy refill&#34; thing irrelevant by the time you're done unplugging and replugging #3 turns out sunshine yellow irons don't actually make ironing any more fun, bummer.All in all it's not a bad iron by any means, the weight is nice, it feels comfortable to use, the cord is long enough and loose enough not to feel like you're fighting with it every min and if you're not as ingrained into the whole &#34;stand up the iron&#34; thing you might even not have to curse yourself everytime you use it. I do feel like I need to keep another iron handy in the house and hide this one as I doubt my husband would listen to the rules regarding filling/refilling it and given how expensive it is (and how bad it sounds like customer service is) I'd hate to have him break it....
The Oliso Smart Iron Pro is really a neat (and high tech!) iron.  However, after using it several times, I've found that "high tech" doesn't always equate to "better".  There are a lot of things to like about this iron, but there are enough reason to pass on it as well.1.  Heating Up Time/Heat Retention - The Oliso heats up fairly quickly, but no more quickly than my old Black and Decker.  The heat retention of the iron is good.  The heat it even, irons out clothing smoothly and efficiently.2.  Steam Strength - The steam strength on the Oliso is amazing.  I don't think I've owned an iron with the strength of steam this thing can generate.  Because it can push out steam so efficiently, I'm able to iron/steam treat clothes that's hanging up.  One push of the button and steam literally blasts out of this thing...the Oliso definitely has dual purpose as a flat iron and as a garment steamer.3.  iTouch Technology - This is the feature that I appreciate the most on the iron.  To keep your clothes from accidentally burning, and to prevent huge burns, the iron can be left horizontal while ironing and little feet will lift the iron off the board/clothes.  When you touch the handle on the top, the iron feet will retract and the plate lowers to the clothing.  When you release, the feet come back out.  This feature is the big selling point of this iron - it's really nice to iron without having to worry that I'll get distracted by the kids and accidentally burn something.  I also like how I don't have to worry about putting up the iron vertically where it can accidentally tip over or be exposed to curious little fingers.4.  Cord Length and 360 Degree Pivot - The cord on the Oliso is much longer than any iron I've owned.  This actually helps quite a bit as I used to have to get an extension cord to comfortably position my board in the room in relation to the outlet.  With the 360 pivot, I also don't have to worry about getting tangled up in the cord quite as badly.  This was a big plus to the unit.5.  Leakage - Unfortunately, in comparison to other irons I've owned, this iron tends to leak - a lot.  While I didn't have any problems with it leaking while I was ironing, when I was done and let the iron cool down, when walking to the sink the iron started leaking directly out of the holes on the heating plate.  This was agitating because no matter what orientation I held the iron, it leaked from one of the many openings on the iron.  This is cause for concern for me simply because if the iron was hot, I'm worried that leftover water could leak out - hot water.  I started loading the iron with less water to make sure I used up all the water instead of having to pour out water because I had too much.  This solved the problem, but if you iron a lot, beware.All in all, the Oliso is a great iron, but could use a few tweaks to make it better.  I really love the iTouch Technology and the cord length, but am wary about the leaking issue.  I'm update in a few months to see if the issue improves or gets worse.  All in all, it's a good iron.
The Oliso TG1600 Smart Iron Pro has some very nice qualities but overall I was disappointed with the iron,Pros:This iron has a very long, 12' cord with swivel attachment to the iron. Very nice.The sole plate is nice and in conjunction with the iron weight resulted in effective ironing without having to go back and forth numerous times.The iron produces a good amount of steam for normal ironing.The extended auto shut-off of 30 minutes will be helpful to sewers and quilters.Cons:The lifting mechanism parts are plastic and did not seem to be of the quality I'd expect for an iron this expensive.Filling the water reservoir was more difficult with this iron than other irons I've used in the past.The vertical steam function was not very effective, You can shoot one blast of steam but then you have to wait 3 seconds before you can blast again. You can't really get much steaming done at this rate.The iron leaked every time I put the iron on the heel and when holding the iron vertically for steaming.Overall the iron seemed not to be of the quality I would expect at this price point. It may make sewers and quilters happy but I was just not that impressed.
Pike Street appears to be a store brand of Amazon as the tag indicates the towels are fulfilled by Amazon.  I would assume Amazon would try to make their products synonymous with quality considering their name is on the line as word gets out about their products.  Still, a few things trouble me that make it difficult to give this product five stars.  As I explain, I'll leave it to you to determine whether I am being fair or not.About the towels, I received the cream colored set currently selling for approximately $25 per set.  Cream has a little more yellow than you see in the screenshot.  It's not white enough to bleach without color fading, yet it's still light enough to show dirt and spots rather easily.  Depending on the level of dirt, these may be difficult to keep clean and you may want a different color if you have young kids or a mechanic in the house.  The color is quite nice and has remained solid for the few washes I have given them.  No sign of streaks, excessive wear, loose threads, or fading.  I got a big handful of lint the first time these were dried, but that is steadily decreasing.  The bath towel is large enough to wrap a large man but the obese will need to look elsewhere.  In other words, this is a good standard towel set for a $25 price.  I find it difficult to object to the price vs quality unless someone was unfortunate enough to get a bad set at which point I'm sure Amazon would be willing to exchange them.Now for the concerns.  In my opinion, these are your basic towels.  They're not cheap junk, but they fit don't my description of luxury, oversized, or extra heavy as listed in the description.  I usually get good towels but not expensive (IE overpriced) ones as I'm a value shopper.  These Pike Street towels feel no different than towels I normally get which is fine.  However, because they are advertised as an expensive luxury item, right down to the ridiculous original retail price, I am knocking off one star.My second concern.  There was a time when retailers wouldn't be able to claim that so-called Egyptian Cotton was from anywhere but Egypt.  This was right around the same time that you could expect your hamburger to contain beef from this country.  Now we don't know where our hamburger comes from and apparently not our cotton either.  So is Amazon trying to get around this?  It seems Amazon labels these "100% Egyptian Cotton Loops".  So what does this mean?  Did a type of loop suddenly become a process specific to the country of Egypt?  I've never heard of this before and it's troubling considering that the towels actually are labeled as 100% cotton, not 100% Egyptian Cotton.  Perhaps I'm being picky, but if these towels were truly 100% Egyptian Cotton, wouldn't the tag be labeled as such.  Aside from the "loops" comment, there is nothing on the tag to indicate the cotton itself is the extra long staple cotton produced in Egypt and used by luxury brands.  Because of the confusion I'm removing another star.In short, the towels are good but I question the authenticity of the product.  At best, there is a problem with the way these towels are being labeled.  At worst, they are being advertised as something they are not.  I'd like to give Amazon the benefit of the doubt but until I get clarification from a self-proclaimed towel expert (ha ha) I'm keeping this product at three stars.Edit 5/15/10:  My towels continue to hold up and I haven't experienced the wear, fading, and threading issues so many other reviewers have mentioned.  I can't say whether I am fortunate or lucky or whether the other problems were a bad batch that have since been fixed.
Right out of the box this towel set felt quite substantial, not thin or flimsy. The Papaya color is a slightly different matter - not really my taste. A strange mix of orange and pink,a bit salmon-y, all in all just a tad odd.Upon further inspection I noticed that there were a lot of loose threads hanging from the seams of most of the pieces. I put them in the washer and dryer and they came out fluffy and nice but the threads were still there although they didn't unravel more, they just hung there.For the price of roughly $25 for a 6-piece set I really do not have too many complaints. I think I got reasonable quality considering that a lot of times one single bath towel can cost what this whole set goes for. Not a luxury set but the towel quality (thickness, softness) itself is quite nice. It remains to be seen if continued use will fray them more and also lead to more loose threads but right now I am quite ok with the quality I got and will use this as a set for house guests.
With lot's of guests visiting, I was eager to get a new set of towels.While I was pleased with the size of the bath towels, the hand towels are HUGE as are the washcloths. The hand towels hung stupidly on my wall racks.I didn't believe another reviewer when they said the towels snagged within the first three washes until I received and washed these towels. Sure enough, one of the bath towels came from the dryer with a long thread hanging off the middle. I have front-open machines, so it's highly unlikely they snagged on the equipment.That said, they are soft and it doesn't appear the decorative trim is shrinking in the dryer as some of my other towels do.Overall, a good towel set for a very decent price given the quality of the material.UPDATE: After three more cycles of house guests and uneven use of these towels, I find that the more frequently used ones are fading in color rather quickly. I'm quite surprised given how light they were to begin with, but it's noticeable.
Very everyday towels. Expected Egyptian cotton towels to be more thirsty and luxurious. Not do. You get what you pay for. Thin, standard towels.
These made-in-Pakistan towels started out rough with loose threads, but after use, the Egyptian cotton in them became very soft, albeit a bit frayed. The loops are irregular, creating an unusual (and undesirable) textured look. I was disappointed by the size of the bath towels, which are extra long (a plus), but on the narrow side (a negative).  I prefer a large bath sheet. The two sets I got came in blue and gray. The colors are nice, giving them a rich appearance, but their quality is only average. These simply are not well-made towels. They are absorbent, but not more than any bath towels that come in sets in the under $30 price range. Their one strong point is their softness. These are extremely soft towels. Still, I have and will continue to shop for bath towels at stores like Target.
I am rather disappointed in this product.  I had a Hamilton Beach slow cooker (about this size) that I broke the lid on when I moved to my new house and never could find a new lid for it.  When I saw this product through the Vine program, I was so excited as I thought they they should be equivalent.  That was a wrong assumption.  This product is not near as heavy as my Hamilton Beach.  In fact, this one has a very thin, tinny sounding outer housing.  I find that the lid does not fit real tight on it.  While that is OK (probably) to let out steam, this Black and Decker unit just does not have the substantial feeling of my old cooker or seems to work as well.  There are a lot of &#34;don'ts&#34; in the instructions about what you can or how you should cook.  So much so that I feel that it takes away from some of the joy of cooking with a slow cooker.  While I will use this item as I love to make soup and stews in a slow cooker, I think I will continue to look for a lid to replace on my Hamilton Beach.
This is a bit less versatile than my current slow cookers, but it's not bad if you like crock cooked stews and roasts.  I've used an oval slow cooker for over 10 years, started to wear out the coating on my first one, so I do a lot of stews, roasts, chili, ham, plus other slow cooked favorites.  I always get these beef tips and gravy from Schwans and combine them with fresh carrots, canned Irish potatoes, mushrooms (fresh or canned) and some soup bases, plus lots of Old Bay for flavor.  I used to do this every other weekend, but have slacked off a bit lately, cooking other things.  The type of slow cooker I used was a Stainless non-stick oval with glass lid and two side handles.  It sets on an oval pedestal which is also coated, and you could probably cook pancakes on it if they are not too big.  The reason I liked these is simple, I use a combination of fresh, canned, and frozen items in the pot.  The pot can be put on the burner and brought to a boil in minutes, and then transferred to the slow cooking platform.  This cuts out as much as two hours of cooking and stir times when I'm using frozen items, unfortunately here I'll have to take other measures. My slow cooker had a small wire rack too that was useful in doing small pot roasts, to avoid the meat from burning.What is good about this cooker is the simplicity, you fill the crock decide on fast or really slow cook, and then mostly forget it.  Now for some reason, there is a special flavor coming out of a crock cooker.  I can't explain it, but it does taste different from the stainless coated one.  Maybe that's why they make those nice baked beans in a crock vs. a kettle, something about the flavor.  This has only a few settings, off, low, high, and warm.  My slow cooker doesn't have a light cause it's always on a little even when the switch is at zero. This one has an ON indicator lamp, and that might help when you're cooling it down to room temperature, to put the crock in the fridge.  It's nice the lid fits the crock insert, so it can go in covered as well.  FYI, another point on the lid, my slow cooker has a metal handle that gets too hot to take off by hand to serve or stir, this one may not be as durable, but it is plastic, so it does not get very hot to the touch, a good thing.When I made my stew in this one I spend extra time running warm water in the sink over the plastic my Schwans sirloin tips and gravy came in, and for the extra water I added hot, it still took about an hour more than usual, about 3.5 hours to finish the raw carrots and soften all the beef fat.  It was very good though, so there's that.  Slow cookers or crocks, remember if you are a round crock owner, that oval lids are a bit more dangerous. Round cannot fall into the stew completely, you can only get a little of the side in, the oval lid can practically sink all the way in.  It doesn't happen often, but don't get lazy putting it back on.The Good:  Simple control, nice see-through lid with handle that won't burn you.Lamp to indicate when it is on, and a keep warm setting.Special flavor only comes from the milder heat transfer from crockery.Lift out crockery can be put in the fridge or for easy cleaning.Crockery is pretty well made, not as many defects as I've seen in Rival products.The Bad:  Not as fine a heat control as with my graduated progressive slow cooker dial.Can't quick start the cooking on the stove and then transfer to the base.Oval lid can fall deep into stew, chili or other food.No timer setting means a potential risk if wanting to slow cook all day.I found the low setting a bit too low for slow cooking completely.Unit is much bigger than my slow cooker, and takes up more counter space and to store.No digital control or temperature probe.No internal wire rack for roasts.I guess the well equipped kitchen should have a decent crockery cooker, and with the holidays, I can see the need to have something to do ham in one and chili or beans in the other.  I give it a mild recommend. My rating is qualified though, I would not buy this, for a few dollars more you can get an accurate heat controlled unit, some with temp probes, and some with timers.  If you just don't like the gadgets however, it's not a bad buy!
This is a very large crock pot and it looks good with the brushed stainless finish.  You are not getting many features for your money though.  Most crock pots in this price range have advanced features like a digital display, timer, temperature probe or maybe a latching cover for travel.  This unit is pretty much like the crock pot your mom had.  It has a single knob with 3 positions (high, low and warm).  Nothing fancy here but it does the job and it is the biggest crock pot I've seen.If you are looking for a large crock pot for a big family and you like simplicity, this may be the one for you but you can get a lot more features in this price range.
A couple of years ago, I went on a quest to find the perfect slow cooker (this one, if you're curious), but I've found that I could make use of more than one, so I happily gave this a shot.As far as construction goes, it's a perfectly fine slow cooker. The design is contemporary, and probably won't look too dated by the time it reaches the end of its useful life. The manual switch is as straightforward as can be, and the temperature ranges for each setting are appropriate (so you're not going to torch that roast on "warm").What baffles me, though, is where Black & Decker gets off asking this kind of money for a manual 7-quart slow cooker. For almost 35% less (at the time of this review), you could get aCrock Pot 7-quart manual slow cookerthat's every bit as good, with the same capacity, function, and more of a minimalist design. (You could go even cheaper with aHamilton Beachmodel, but I've found them to be of much lower quality.)If you could do with a 6-quart slow cooker, I'd go withmy favorite Crock Potfor the same price. The timer and travel capabilities are wonderful, and it's built like a tank. It 7-quart is a deal-breaker (or you hate digital controls), there's no reason not to consider the less expensive Crock Pot mentioned above.
This is a good basic, slow cooker.  The big advantage is size - 7 quarts is as big as they get.  Ceramic liner assure even heat.  The outside does get very hot.Nothing special, but useful and LARGE!
I'm always on the hunt for higher-capacity slow cookers, and this one certainly fits the bill. Sturdy construction, easy to wipe the exterior clean, liner and lid can go in the dishwasher.This doesn't have a custom time setting, which can be difficult if you're actually out during the day and can't monitor the slow cooker (which is kind of the point for me). Will be using this one more as back-up due to that function. Haven't tried all the heat settings yet and will report back as I see performance over time.
Does what it should, but I feel like it takes a bit longer to heat up then it should or what I am used to. I have been using this as my &#34;back up&#34; slow cooker, and for that purpose it works well.  I would suggest going with a slow cooker that is digital and gives you the ability to set a timer.
It's hard for a non-expert to give a detailed review of this filter but I'll give my observations. I was attracted to the "universal fit" and the idea that the filter is recyclable. After all, plastic bottles of water are criticized by environmentalists for wastefulness, but finding ways to make water more pure without leaving an environmental footprint is difficult (perhaps impossible).My tap water comes from a small municipal system which is tested every few years. They claim it is safe. However it sometimes has an odor and an off-taste. I've tried filter pitchers in the past and stopped using them after learning that carbon filters can become bacteria farms! The Mavea is impregnated with silver which may keep down the growth of bacteria. Even so, I will change the filter before the end of the recommended two months.Using a different brand I wound up with a pink-tinged biofilm growing inside the pitcher! I suspect it was from pseudomonas bacteria (which also grows in my dog's bowl if I don't sterilize it and apparently gives him an ear infection).  You can do your own search if you are skeptical; you will find articles telling how carbon filters can be a breeding ground for bacteria! So change your filters often.Back to this particular product, it may have a universal fit but at first water leaked around it. I was able to jiggle it around and improve this, but don't expect your water to be filtered properly until you get the filter inserted snugly.I had some test strips for water hardness and the filter improved the hardness by one unit. By comparison, a water distiller removed all hardness, so I would say the filter is not removing all minerals. That's not necessarily a bad thing; it depends on what minerals are in your water.I would like to see the test results for this filter. The Mavea website seems vague about this. I found the following: "This replacement filter has not been certified by WQA to NSF/ANSI or BSI standards in any system not distributed by MAVEA LLC."To me, the water filtered by this filter in my non-Mavea pitcher has a slightly sharp (metallic?) taste. I've gone back to drinking distilled water and bottled water most of the time.
I'm comparing this to Brita, and first off these are cheaper priced. The other thing is that these say they don't need to be pre soaked like the Brita. The Brita's if you don't soak them well enough, they turn the water black. These did not and do not need presoaking although I recommend soaking them in to clean them just in case. I also noticed that there were no black chips of carbon floating that slip thru the filter like the Britas do.The down side is that although these are called "universal" filters that barely fit my Brita pitcher. You have to make sure you wedge it in good because it leaves gaps and the unfiltered water drips thru the sides between the filter and the pitcher defeating the purpose. As for the taste, I couldn't really tell a difference but this is the first pitcher using this filter so we'll see in a week or so.
The Mavea universal filter does indeed fit a variety of Pur and Brita pitchers - at least it fit the Pur Plus and large Brita pitchers I have.  I did like that the Mavea does not require soaking and you can let it run "dry" without worrying about it losing its internal moisture.  I also liked that Mavea offers a recycling program and that it does not shed charcoal granules.I noticed that water runs through the Mavea much faster than it does through the Brita or Pur filters.  It is also much shorter than the name-brand filters and, therefore, contains significantly less filtering material. The packaging is rather vague about just what things the Mavea filters out, and the Mavea web site is not much clearer.  Unlike with Pur and Brita filters, there is no chart showing effectiveness on compounds removed, just a brief list.You're not supposed to use any of these filters with unsafe water, so perhaps more detailed specifications aren't really required.  I do agree that the Mavea did a good job of removing objectionable tastes from my house's tap water (mostly chlorine). However, if I'm buying a filter, I'd prefer to see the manufacturer back it up with detailed testing results.
When I ordered this, I went by the manufactures claim that it is "Universal Fit Water Filter Cartridge is designed to be compatible with most water filtration systems on the market, including Brita, PUR, and other popular brands."  And that appears to be true, so long as you have a Pitcher-style filtration.I own thePUR 3-Stage Vertical Faucet Mountsystem, and unfortunately this Mavea Universal Filter was not universal enough.  It does not work with the faucet-mounted filtration systems.I realize that this was my mistake and that I should have looked closer at the details to see that this filter is only compatible with Pitcher-style filtration, but I am writing this review with the hopes that no one else will duplicate my error.
*UPDATE*It's now been less than a month (but close) since I first started using my Mavea Elemaris XL pitcher, and, while I still enjoy it, I am finding myself a bit annoyed that the filter gauge is claiming that the filter is halfway used, when it's been nowhere near the length of time or amount of use that my old reliable Brita filters would start giving out over. This pitcher is being used in a single person household, so I really can't imagine that solely my use would burn through the filtration media in less than a month, especially considering I don't even completely refill it daily. Perhaps it's a glitch, but I find it a bit annoying. Other than that, the pitcher is still providing me with delicious and crisp, clean-tasting water.* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *I was lucky enough to be offered the Mavea 1001125 Elemaris XL water filtration pitcher via Amazon's Vine program, and I love it! I'd already had an excellentBrita 42629 Slim Pitcherthat I've used and enjoyed for the past few years, but I find the features of the Mavea Elemaris XL to add an extra element of convenience and filter quality maintenance ease that I'm really enjoying.Comparing the two, the clean taste of the water is pretty much the same (and both completely blow away that Pur faucet attachment filter that I was using years and years agoPUR 2-Stage Vertical White Faucet Mount FM-3333B). I initially sampled water from both filters (following a not-so-labor intensive prep of Mavea's water filter. It's really not that bad, swishing it around and doing two reservoir fills to prep Mavea's filter for regular use). I couldn't taste a difference in water quality, effectiveness of filtration media, or overall palatability between the water produced by either filter/pitcher - the water from both brands tastes clean, crisp and fresh - great, overall, with either one. What DID win me over to my new Mavea pitcher was how easy it is to just stick it under the tap and run the water over the clever little mobile plug in the lid. It's crafted so that the air pocket in the plug buoys it up to shut it when the water level in the reservoir reaches full. Clever, and effective! I also like seeing the digital gauge on Mavea's Elemaris XL clearly indicate to me the filter quality, so that I'll know, without question, when it's time to change out the filter. Oftentimes, filtration pitcher makers assume that you live in a 3 to 4 person household, and give you an estimated time period for filter replacement going by comparable usage. If your household happens to number less than that, however (as is my case), you're stuck trying to figure it out. Mavea Elemaris XL's digital gauge removes all of the guesswork, so I'll know, unequivocally, when it's time to replace my filter.The pitcher itself is modern-looking and attractive, and I like that it's got rubber grips on the bottom to stabilize it. It's dishwasher safe, also, which is another plus (just be sure to remove the digital gauge from the lid prior to washing it).Overall, Mavea's Elemaris XL is a winner, in my book. I kinda feel bad for having put my old reliable Brita filtration pitcher to the side in favor of this one, but the improved convenience soothes my conscience enough that it doesn't keep me up nights! ; )Good stuff!
3/5 stars for this product mainly because of the electronic meter issue we had. After a couple days of the meter saying that our water pitcher was constantly full, even when it was not, some water got onto the surface of the meter, which is just about an inch behind the spot where the unfiltered water enters, it never worked again. The only other problem that I have with the pitcher is that sometimes the spout cover will pop off if you pour the water too fast.Other than those little hiccups, nothing has given us regrets about getting this pitcher. It takes up significantly less space than our previous filter system and the water has less taste to it as well. Rubber grips are great on the bottom, even when wet. The handle is large and sturdy making you feel like you have a great grip on the product when it is full of water.I like how easy it is to use while cooking as compared to my previous filter system that was difficult to remove from the ice box.
I can't really say I was impressed by this Mandolin. I likes that you could adjust the size of the slices you were making, but the the materials used to make it are pretty flimsy and the blades aren't of a very high quality. I could do a better job with actual knives. These blades will wear out rather quickly and so this mandolin is only worth purchasing if you don't mind replacing kitchen utensils every few years.I was also kind of shocked at the sticker price for this. Thirty dollars for something this flimsy and with a hand guard that isn't very well made? You can buy better mandolins for cheaper, so why wouldn't you?Mandolins are a great time saver and a nice addition to any kitchen, but this one is too pricey for the quality (or lack thereof) you are getting here.
Progressive International Adjust-A-Slice and Julienne Mandolin-------------------------------------------------------------------------This kitchen gadget is a hand-held "mandolin"-shaped julienne grater with multiple attachments to make different sizes and shapes of julienned veggie slices. I found this tool hard to work with: the attachments weren't easy to slide on and off, and there was no documentation to show how it should be done.  More importantly, the entire apparatus has a lightweight feel -- no "heft" -- this, along with the relatively exposed edges, made me nervous to use it with any real vigor - it seemed too likely for me lose control of the device and to slice myself instead of the carrots.  Perhaps if I were a more experienced chef, this wouldn't be a worry, but as a layperson, I found this instrument to feel a little unsteady and hard to figure out.  I'll keep trying, though - perhaps with practice it'll feel more natural.
My wife has wanted a mandolin slicer for quite some time now but we just never got around to adding one to our ever-growing collection of kitchen gadgets. She was quite excited to finally add one and the Progressive International model seemed to have all the right features. While we are happy to have it, we definitely see areas for improvement.PROS:- Slices quickly- Easy to clean up- Easy to adjust slicing sizes- Fits over bowls- Slice and julienne in one unitCONS:- "Finger guard" isn't useful- Non-slip ridges ineffective- Premium price for non-premium buildThe Progressive International slicer has a handle with settings to adjust slicing sizes. Selecting one of three sizes alters the angle of the clear plastic slicing surface before it hits the blade. Also, it works over a bowl because of the ridges on the opposite end of the handle, under the slicing slicing surface. Unfortunately, the non-slip ridges don't stay put very well. The neat feature of this slicer is the ability to flip the knob, raising the blades to julienne.It comes with a "finger guard" which is just a thinga-ma-bob to hold your veggies down while slicing so that you don't accidentally slice your fingers. We couldn't use ours at all. It would not hold our cucumbers, potatoes, or carrots very stable while going through the slicing motion. The problem is that the "finger guard" uses thick plastic, pointed spikes to jab into the food. Thin, steel spikes probably would have worked better. We threw ours in a drawer and just used our hands to hold the veggies and sliced in a slow, methodical motion. A cut-resistant glove would have been more useful.I found the overall build quality to be ok, but it didn't stand out, given the premium pricing. We liked it because we can slice through 2 large sweet potatoes in less than 2 minutes, but we didn't find it to be a very good value. You can get their non-julienne slicer for almost half the price so unless you absolutely need the ability to do both in a single unit, I'd recommend a less expensive non-combo slicer.
3 stars means it's ok. It IS ok, no more, no less. After quite a few runs through the dishwasher, the blade is not nearly as sharp, which is to be expected. Since it is WICKED sharp right out of the box, that's...ok. A real plus is the way the blade is positioned, it is very easy to adjust, unlike similarly priced mandolins. This would be good first mandolin, with a reminder that it is NOT a grater you can use without a finger guard. Since a nice mandoline will cost 3 times this, the Progressive is....ok.
I've been using this for a few months to give it a fair review.  The blades are really sharp, and I like the adjustable blade with the locking feature.  I've sliced a variety of different vegetables with the mandolin and think it's best suited for  items that are small in diameter as in a tennis ball or smaller.  With larger items, I had to make a couple of passes to get all the way through, but not because the blade is dull.  The finger guard really doesn't allow a secure enough grip that would assist with slicing the food in one pass.  By the time I got through the middle of a large item, I couldn't apply enough pressure to push the food through the blade.  I first experienced the problem with large potatoes.  At first I thought the blades weren't really that sharp, but the same happened with a large onion.  The smaller potatoes and onions went through without any trouble.I think this would be a much better product, and I would have given it a higher rating, if the finger guard was different and safer.  The one that came with my stainless mandoline is round which I can hold better than the one that comes with the Progressive mandoline, and it has spikes on it that actually pierce the food for a firm hold.  The madoline needs to have a guard that you can get your fingers around, not in and spikes that hold the food.
Is it sharp? Absolutely. But it has a limitation... It's slim. It won't be able to handle larger vegetables and deli meats. And the hand guard leaves much to be desired. There is not much of a grip to it unless dealing with smaller items that it can be pushed into. The unit is awkward to use since it doesn't have a stand or rest to place it on. For most items, I had to hold them by hand to use it easily. Of course, that is a no-no with such a sharp blade. Also, there is no place to store the hand guard on the unit while storing away. I wish it snapped on somewhere.On the good side, it it sharp. It has an adjustable depth. It's sturdy plastic. It can julienne and adjust thickness with a simple click. Clean up is simple enough (requires a bit of effort to get junk out from under the blade area). And if you need a cheap handheld mandolin, it does the job. I don't think I'll be pulling this out much compared to the handy knife though. I suggest spending a bit more and getting a larger mandolin with a base to use comfortably. Or just get a good knife and cutting board.
Pros:* Compact and thin* Sleek, attractive, modern look* Dial lights up* Options for both English and metric measurements* Great price (at least on Amazon)Cons:* No container for weighing nuts, grated cheese, etc.* Unless you gather all ingredients before weighing any, the auto-turnoff is annoying* The batteries are expensive and the scale burns them up fast* A little slow in calculating weights* When the same ingredient is weighed twice, the results can differ slightly
I really like the look and feel of this scale.  It's very sleek and professional looking and it can take several pounds of weight!My only complaint is that it weighs 0.2 oz heavy and there doesn't seem to be any way to manually adjust it!
My wife is very happy to have this convenient scale in the house. As part of her business she frequently weighs things for shipment, and sometimes those things are too small to weigh on a bathroom scale. This does the job easily. And accurately. I purchased a set of small standard weights, and the scale was able to give the correct reading for masses up to 50 grams, and within a gram up to the total weight of my standards (around 80 g), so that is more than enough accuracy for any non-scientific use I might have for a scale.I am however deducting points for the obviousness of the faux elegance of its stainless top and plastic base, and for the non-obviousness of how to turn it off (hold the on/off/tare button for several seconds). I really dispute the word professional in the device's title.Still a good enough scale for someone just starting off in weight based baking or who needs a small shipping scale.
I was ready to order theSoehnle 67080 Page Profi Kitchen Scalewhen this scale was made available to me for review. It is about $20 less than the Shoehnle and it works okay except that the digital read out sometimes just will not settle on a weight. It is sometimes necessary to remove whatever is being weighed and then sit it back on. The extra few seconds are not a big deal, but overall, but it adds to my questions of accuracy. Overall, for our use, which is mainly weighing out food portions by the ounce, it seems fine. However, if you are looking for a scale to absolutely accurately measure items of less than an ounce, I recommend shelling out a few more dollars on a brand with proven performance.
I have three kitchen scales, all brand-new, to review.  All are in the same price range (25.00 to 45.00 on Amazon today, 01/24/2012).  I have put photos on the photo review part of this page for you, so you can see the differences for yourself.Ozeri Ultra Thin Professional Digital Kitchen Food Scale, in Elegant Stainless Steel (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002UEZ2FC )  List price 59.99, on sale for 25.00  (This is the scale on this page.)Soehnle Siena Digital Kitchen Scale, Silver(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VSBU3M ) List price 31.95, same price on AmazonSoehnle 67080 Page Profi Kitchen Scale(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003LSUC9W#productPromotions )  List price 45.00In order of preference, the least preferred to the most preferred:The Ozeri I have had for about a month, and have used it from time to time, and it works fine for me, except that after the first week, it has two dents in the stainless steel.  I am very easy on my "stuff", and finding wear and tear this quickly is disappointing.  It didn't seem small until I held it against the black Soehnle.  The buttons are clicky and feel cheap.  It is easy to switch between units of measure.  My favorite part about this scale is the ease of the read on the display--the lighted numbers are definitely a good thing.Better than the Ozeri, is the 31.95 Soehnle.The Soehnle Siena Digital Kitchen Scale, (Silver), is easy to use, easy to switch units of measure, and it takes up a small footprint on the counter.  The readout is easy to see, and it is a lot easier to keep up than the stainless (no denting issues).  I like the glass tabletop because it's easy to clean.  There is no backlight to the number readout, which wasn't an issue, except that having it side by side with the Ozeri, it seemed dull.  The buttons are clicky, but not as bad as the Ozeri.Better yet (my favorite among the three) is the 45.00 Sohnle.This is larger, and definitely requires a larger workspace.  It looks great, and the glass is easy to clean.  The display is more difficult to read than the lighted Ozeri, as it doesn't have the backlit numbers, either.  Switching between units of measure is tougher, as it's a switch on the back of the scale, instead of buttons on the scale itself.  The touch glass controls (no buttons) is really GREAT...super easy to use and clean.  There is a nice loud "beep" when the measurement is finished.All measured accurately, and exactly the same, in the same amount of time.  All have varying units of measure.  All have the tare option, which is easy to set by holding the Tare button with your empty container on the scale, then adding your product will give you the actual weight of your product to be measured.I hope this review helps you choose the right scale for you.
The Ozeri Ultra Thin is definitely a thin and elegant kitchen scale. It has a satin-finished weighing platform, and a large display.  It could easily store upright where another scale would just add to a kitchen's clutter. The scale's display is a bright, large blue on a black background.  There are just two buttons.The Ozeri required some pretty forceful button-pushing to tare the scale. It's difficult to get the scale to do a series of tares, as when baking a cake or bread. The scale does not automatically tare when turned on with a bowl in place, as many scales do. The scale seems to change it's reading without rhyme or reason - and most of the baking recipes I use are weight-based, not volume-based. An accurate, reliable scale is essential.When I first attempted to set it "mg," I burst out laughing when the display lit up with "ml." Did the designers flunk physics? How would a scale know the ml, without putting in the density of the liquid?  At any rate, it will display ounces, ml, mg.This scale gets a 4+ on design, but just 3 stars on real usability.I have to admit that I've been an almost daily user of aPolder 933-87 Add 'N' Weigh Digital Scale, Black/Stainless Steel(a version in white, apparently no longer available), which is wonderfully reliable and easy-to-use.
There's no doubt that the Ozeri Ultra Thin (sic) Professional Kitchen Food Scale (in "Elegant Stainless Steel," no less) is a thing of minimalist beauty. Its sleek, wafer-thin profile and large, easy-to-read display provides form and function. Unfortunately, that profile comes at a price, the coin of the realm being the cost of replacing Lithium CR2032 batteries...OUCH. For the uninitiated, these are wafer-like batteries that are neither particularly long-lived nor cheap and I'm not inclined to replace them on a regular basis, although to be fair, how much time does someone spend weighing in the kitchen? This scale is so slender that it couldn't possibly accommodate even AAA batteries, so I suppose there wasn't much choice but it's something to bear in mind. Fortunately, the manufacturer includes the first set, for which I'm grateful. Incidentally, I found it amusing that the included instruction manual requests, when changing said batteries, to "please use a small tool." The specific type of "small tool" isn't specified but you can slide the battery downwards and then sort of pop it out from the top, using one's fingernail as the "small tool."The scale itself is somewhat fussy so forget about exhaling too hard while weighing. What I find rather bizarre is that in addition to grams and ounces, one of the available units is milliliters (ml). The milliliter is a unit of volume, not weight, so I'm puzzled as to why it's included--the weight of a milliliter of water is different than that of dry matter and the weight-to-volume ratios of dry matter differ from each other as well. Perhaps taking too many science courses, including labs, as an undergraduate has left me with a too-literal sense of the distinction between weight and volume, hence unable "to believe." Ah, well.The Ozeri Ultra Thin (sic) Professional Kitchen Food Scale has a 5250 g/185.2 fluid oz. (also puzzling--fluid ounces are also a unit of volume, not weight) capacity and forget about increments smaller than 1 g or 0.1 oz. In addition, quarter-ounces aren't registered either, which is somewhat irritating. Also included for those on diets is a guide with calorie counts provided in calories/gram but based on portions given in standard volume measure (anyone hear of dimensional analysis over at Ozeri?) or, even worse, amounts such as "one piece." Postal rates are included as well.All in all, if looks are more important to you than utility, by all means, go with the Ozeri Ultra Thin (sic) Professional Kitchen Food Scale. Beware that qualifier "Professional"; this is kitchen appliance Newspeak targeted to foodies who think they have to own commercial equipment to cook and that "professional" is a synonym. It isn't and this is by no means a professional scale (not that even a professional chef needs such a thing except possibly for an NSF rating). As stated, this is a beautiful piece of equipment but not for those who are looking for more accuracy. Had I known about its batteries in advance, I'd have given this a pass.
I was drawn to this scale because it looked nice, and it was thin which means it's easier to store. I liked the features that were offered. Unfortunately, we ran into some issues with it during use.I currently have theEatSmart Precision Pro Digital Kitchen Scale, Silverwhich works nicely. I quickly found that the measurements on the two scales did not match. I went ahead and used items of known weight to verify which scale was correct. The Ozeri scale was off. I tested it several times with the same results.Another issue I ran into was the scale turning off too quickly when I was measuring various ingredients. This isn't a deal breaker, but it was a bit annoying.I did like how easy it was to clean the smooth surface of this scale. As stated previously, I really like how easy this is to store due to it being so thin. It is also easy to use.I may have received a defective scale, but at this point in time, this scale would not be one that I would actively recommend as there are better scales on the market.
I do some home baking and I am now completely convinced that things come out more consistently when ingredients like flour are weighed instead of measured. I buy things such as ground beef in bulk and then freeze in 1 pound packages. When I diet for a week or two to recover from the holidays, I weigh portions to be sure I am controlling calories. All these things mean that I need a kitchen scale, one with a "Tare" function which allows you to zero it with a container already on top to weigh only the ingredients you add. If, in addition, it is very accurate and attractive on the kitchen counter, too, then so much the better.All that said, I was really looking forward to getting this Ozeri scale to replace the plain plastic model I was currently using. The brushed stainless steel really does look elegant on the counter. However, I have put it in the cabinet and am back to my old scale. There are a couple of reasons. First, my old scale used AAA batteries. This one uses those little lithium batteries. They are more expensive than the AAAs and they don't seem to last as long. Unlike the AAA batteries I use, they are not rechargeable. Second, probably to extend the shorter battery life, this scale cuts off if you leave it untouched for just one minute.Finally, I don't think that it is really more precise than my old scale. It gives weights down to grams or 0.1 ounce, but it is possible to weigh the same thing twice and to get a slightly different weight. To be fair though, I don't find the variation enough to be a real concern for cooking.All that said, I am back to my old solution which I give 5 stars and which was also purchased on Amazon. If you would like to consider it, take a look at theEatSmart Precision Pro Digital Kitchen Scale, White Chrome. I recharge the batteries with another excellent product,Sony Cycle Energy BCG34HLD4KN Power Charger with 4 Pre-Charged 2000 mAh AA Batteriesand it also recharges the batteries for my TV remotes and my digital camera.
About six months ago, when I decided that I needed to lose some weight, I purchased theEscali Primo Digital Multifunctional Scale, Blackto assist me in that endeavor. I've lost 17 pounds and the Escali has been indispensable. The Ozeri reviewed here, theOzeri Ultra Thin Professional Digital Kitchen Food Scale, in Elegant Stainless Steelis a good scale, but I don't think it is as good as the aforementioned Escali, unless your priorities are such that its strengths are important to you.In terms of accuracy, I used both scales in parallel for a few days, and I can report that they were always within 1 gram of each other. If either was inaccurate, they would not likely be inaccurate in exactly the same way, so I take this to mean that both are reliable in the weights they return. They both offer essentially the same functionality, so they are equivalent in that respect as well.I feel that this scale falls short in two important ways and I've deducted one rating-star for each.First, because it is so thin, it requires thin batteries. So instead of the commonly available AA batteries that my Escali uses, this one needs coin shaped CR2032 lithium batteries. You have to find them at a local retailer if you can, or get them mail order. They're not expensive, but this has the potential to be a nuisance. Furthermore, there is no possibility of using rechargeable batteries.Second, the auto-off on this scale is one minute. That's just not long enough. If you are in the process of weighing something and are delayed for more than a minute so that the weight doesn't change during those 60 seconds, the scale will turn itself off! I can tell you from experience that this is too short an interval. It was probably set this way to conserve the batteries, which may be inconvenient to replace as discussed above. (The Escali has a four-minute timeout, which I find optimal.)There are some important pluses for the Ozeri, however. First, it is very attractive. If you have a stainless steel kitchen, this will look wonderful sitting on your counter. Although I am not one, I know there are lots of folks for whom this is a major consideration. If you are one, add back a star.Also, the Ozeri uses LEDs for its display and not the LCDs that virtually every other inexpensive scale utilizes. Furthermore, the digits are quite large (about 3/4 inch). These two attributes combine to result in an eminently readable weight display. If your vision is such that you have trouble making out small details in low contrast lighting, the Ozeri's big, bright display merits the return of another rating-star.As with most things, value is in the eye of the beholder. If the Ozeri's strengths are sufficiently important to you, they can make it a five-star product.
This is a good little scale. It's actually the fourth food scale I've owned. I currently use 3 in my house - 2 in my kitchen and one in my office (for weighing packages for postage). I like having two in my kitchen in case I need to be weighing two sets of ingredients simultaneously.  First, I will say if you don't own a food scale at all and you are interested in baking, buy one now! It's a MUCH better way to get accurate measurements for dry ingredients, especially flour for breads, cakes and other baked goods.In terms of this scale, there are some things I like and some other things I don't like.Pros:- Nice large flat surface works well for larger items or bowls. (But also see "large footprint" below.)- Easy to clean - no nooks and crannies.- Buttons are large and easy to push.Cons:- I have another scale that gives separate lbs and ounces, which I prefer. I don't like to have to figure out how many ounces 2/3 of a lb is in  my head.- Why are there measurements for fl oz and ml? Different liquids have different weights. It doesn't make sense. 1 fl ounce of honey is a different weight than 1 fl ounce of water. It's totally worthless.- Large footprint. I'm actually storing mine on it's side next to my cookbooks so it takes up less space.Overall, I'm pleased with this scale. My only real gripe that makes me reach for my other scale first is the issue with pounds and ounces on the same display (instead of separate like my other two scales). If I could see something like 1.33 pounds instead of 1 lb, 4 ounces I would be much happier.
Summary: Very pretty scale - SUPER THIN! but has some issues that don't recommend it for the kitchenI started using a digital scale in the kitchen about 10-15 years ago when I started baking my own bread and found the weight to be much more accurate than volumetric measurements.  We have an older SOEHNLE digital scale that maxes out at 10 lbs.  I looked here on amazon but that model is long gone.Using that as a baseline, this scale is smaller and far sleeker.  I really am delighted with how thin it is.  The display lights up which is cool.  I compared the two scales and they appear to be fairly close - but the Ozeri consistently measured slightly higher.  Can't say as to which is the correct scale but at 5 lbs, the difference was almost an ounce, which is about 1%.  That said, after careful examination, this will not replace our kitchen scale but instead will be our new postal scale.  Here's why:1) Brushed stainless looks cooler than the white plastic of our SOEHNLE but it shows the slightest fingerprints and smudges2) This scale times out in just under a minute of inactivity.  The SOEHLNE times out after 2 minutes 20 seconds.  While you can "reset" the timer by pressing on the scale briefly, this means that it will turn off if I have to go get more flour from the basement.3) Stuff happens in the kitchen.  The SOEHLNE scale has survived numerous falls from the top of the fridge, where it lives, as well as multiple major spills and splashes.  The design clearly shields the electronics from liquids.  This scale, not so much.  As pretty as it is, it really does not look like it will survive a drop, and the gaps around the buttons and display will be natural traps for flour and the like.4) MAX MEANS MAX! - the Ozeri maxes out at 11 lbs - TARE or not.  This means that if you are using a cast iron casserole or other heavy mixing bowl, you are in trouble.  We have a cast iron dutch oven that weighs 6-1/2 lbs, which means you can only add 5-1/2 pints of liquid or equivalent.  DEALBREAKER!  The SOEHNLE has a max reading of 9.9 lbs but you can tare it over and over, far exceeding the Ozeri capacity.5) Coin cell batteries won't last very long - this uses two CR2032 batteries (description erroneously says CR2)  Our other scale takes 9V batteries.  We change them once every few years.The model of SOEHNLE scale we have is no longer made, but I'd look atSoehnle Page Digital Kitchen Scale, Blackfor example, a larger version is theSoehnle 67080 Page Profi Kitchen Scale0.7 inches thick is nearly twice as thick as the Ozeri's 0.4 inches but still fairly slender.If you have comments or questions, or if you found this review helpful, please let me know!
I tried this and I could not detect a scent at all.  I was expecting a light hint of a scent (else why not use water instead) and did not detect a fresh, spring-like, clean scent at all.I asked everyone else in my house if they could smell the spring fresh scent.  Not a one could.  I'm talking deer in the headlights looks from them all..  Usually my husband knows I've spent the day cleaning by coming home and being greeted with a &#34;my wife cleaned today&#34; scent at the door, so I was quite miffed didn't notice the floors were clean because he couldn't smell the clean.  Fail!
32oz of scented demineralized water that will leave a light scent in your room.  The scent is not long-lasting nor is it over-powering.I used the product in both my Haan steam mop & my Black & Decker hand held steamer.  Other than the scent, I noticed no cleaning difference between the demineralized water & filtered or distilled water.While I would not specifically seek out this product, if you are looking for a scented water product to use in your steamer, this Bissell product should be considered.
This product has a nice fresh odor that is not overpowering. I used it on my throw pillows on the couch with my hand held steamer.While I liked the scent I have to be honest. Usually when I use my steam mop or hand steamer, I use distilled water. The results are great. Floor and upholstery get really clean with plain old distilled water. Everything smells fresh and clean. OI doubt if I would spend substantially more money using this product because I am already delighted with the results when using distilled water which is really inexpensive.The only reason I don't use tap water is to avoid corrosion in the steam tank because the water has minerals in it here.Nice as this is, I won't buy this. It seems like a ridiculous expenditure and this seems like a somewhat gimmicky product.
I've been using myBissell Steam Mop Hard-Floor Cleanerfor years and have always used plain water.  I thought it would be a nice change to have a "clean citrus scent" after cleaning, so I was very interested in trying this out.I noticed that when I opened the bottle the fragrance wasn't overpowering, which I originally thought was good and figured that it would be increased by the steam.  I then filled up the tank and started cleaning.  It wasn't until my entire kitchen floor was done that I actually noticed a very slight citrus scent and if I wasn't trying to smell it, I don't know that I would have noticed it at all.Overall it obviously didn't clean my floors any better and because the scent wasn't very noticeable, I can't see myself buying this in the future when I can just get my regular water for free.
Bissell Scented Demineralized Water is an OK product. It's smells pretty good, and leaves behind a nice fragrance that isn't overpowering. I mix it with distilled water. The product is way too expensive though for what it is. At its current $8 for a quart, it's hard to recommend. It's just scented, demineralized water. I recommend you buy a gallon of distilled water for your steam mop, and use something more cost effective to make your house smell &#34;fresh&#34;.
I was pleasantly surprised that this particular product was on the market, since most scented floor cleaners are for carpet cleaners and not for steam mops. I feel that this product, while pleasant enough to use, doesn't really justify the price you pay for it. The scent is gone within a couple of hours and is never very powerful to begin with. With that in mind, I wonder if I could achieve the same effect using the filtered water I already drink and orange zest. Again, it was nice to try, but I don't see the overwhelming need for this product that should motivate me to purchase a refill.
I have theBISSELL Powerfresh Steam Mop, White, 1940and really like it. I normally use distilled water with it, and sometimes add theBISSELL Spring Breeze Steam Mop Fragrance Discs, 8 count, 1095when I want to have an extra fresh aroma in the air. The last time I steamed the floors, I used the Bissell Citrus Scented Demineralized Water, 1393 instead. It seemed easier to use scented water than to add the little disc to the pocket in the cleaning pad on the steam mop.Using the scented water was easier, but it didn't really have very much scent. While I don't want the scent to overpower me, I do want it to be noticeable, and I really couldn't tell a difference between the scented water and plain distilled water.Given that the scent wasn't very potent, I don't see a reason to buy more of the scented water. I'll stick to the distilled water, which is considerably less expensive and cleans just the same as the scented option.
I will start out by saying that this product smells very pleasant, and adds a nice, subtly clean scent to the room as a result of using it during steam mopping. I like that benefit because I really like my steam mop, but missed that &#34;just cleaned&#34; smell that I got when I was still using a mopping solution and bucket.However, and this is point really, this is WATER - not a cleaning solution of any kind. It is made from water that has been &#34;demineralized&#34;; essentially purified water. Scientifically, from a finished product perspective, this is not significantly different than distilled water. Both are products that have had heavy particulates (minerals) removed, just through a different process. The purpose of using this in your steam mop is to prevent scaly mineral buildup in the machine and, theoretically, on your floors (although people have been mopping with tap water for years with a bucket and mop without any real problems with mineral buildup on the floor...) Apparently, Bissell has taken the demineralized water, added some fragrance, and &#34;voila&#34;, you now have an $8.00 bottle of nice-smelling water that has had preservatives added to keep the water from growing bacteria.I no longer buy this product because it is more gimmick than anything. I buy distilled water (about $1.00 per gallon), add a couple of drops of lavender essential oil and a few drop of rubbing alcohol to the water (to dissolve the oil), and use this in the machine in place of the Bissell product. The oil is a very small amount, not enough to gunk up the machine, and the alcohol is a tiny amount (just enough to break down the oil). So far, the machine still works great and I have had no problems or issues going with the &#34;make your own&#34; approach. Total cost per gallon is less than $1.25. If you were to buy a gallon of the Bissell product, it would cost about $32.00.
I use theBISSELL Powerfresh Steam Mop, White, 1940.  As I previously wrote in my review of that product, I think one reason my old Shark steam mop died is because I used tap water.  When I bought the Bissell Steam Mop, I began buying the gallon jugs of distilled water from the grocery store to use in it.  I only steam mop my home once a week, sometimes less often, and the gallon jug lasts at least 3 months at that rate because the Bissell Steam Mop uses water very efficiently.I wanted to try the Bissell Citrus Scented Demineralized Water, to see if I received different results than the distilled water I usually use.  Also, I thought the citrus scent would be a nice touch.Pouring the water into the container, I could catch a whiff of the citrus fragrance, but it is not strong.  When I actually steamed, I could barely tell the scent was there.  It most definitely did not last.As far as the actual results of mopping, everything turned out fine.  My floor was clean, and that is the whole point of this chore, right?This container is half the size of a gallon jug at 4X the price.  Although the results were fine, I don't feel it is worth it in the long run.
I switched to steam cleaning as a safe alternative to harsh chemicals years ago. I will admit to missing the fresh, clean scent of some of the floor cleaner brands out there. So when I saw that Bissell put out scented water, I had to use it. There is a very, very, very light scent that is left behind after using the citrus scented water. It doesn't smell citrusy to me or anyone in my family, however. It's an even lighter scent than that. BUT, at least it leaves some sort of clean scent.Some things to remember when using this product.1. It's intended for use with steam mops.2. You should not add any chemical cleaner to the demineralized scented water.3. Do not expect added cleaning power to your steam mop as this is just scented water.Overall, I don't think the $7.99 price tag is worth this lightly scented water. The Spring Breeze scented water by Bissell is stronger and leaves the home smelling cleaner.
The fragrance of this citrus scented demineralized water is lemon-lime with a hint of orange. It doesn't evoke a citrus grove on a warm summer evening. It evokes sticking your nose into a bottle of powdered orange drink. At least it does to me. Once in the steamer and turned to vapor, the scent does not linger longer than a few seconds. Probably just as well. I've tried the eucalyptus version of this and prefer it. The bar is probably lower on my standards for eucalyptus, but it smells more natural, lasts a bit longer and doesn't cloy.
This replaced the super cheap walmart pole caddy in the shower. That one had rusted in a matter of weeks. Here's where we are:Install: after assembly and a little fidgeting, I finally figured out what the pictures meant and got the extender set to hold the pole up. After that, it was easy--but I didn't do so well with the pictures and almost got angry.Stability: holds up, with almost no wiggle. But, to be clear, I've got a pretty flat shower floor so the bigger foot here has plenty of space to hold. It's in the corner of the shower and pressed up against the wall.Strength: 2 shampoo bottles, 2 body wash bottles, a pair of cans of shaving cream. There's not a lot on mine, so it holds up well.Durability: So far, no rust. That's good, but will it last? Probably depends on whether or not I scratched it too much in assembly.Is it worth the money? That's why we're only at 3 stars. It works, but I think the value component isn't there.
On one hand, as with most most OXO products, this shower caddy looks to be really thought out and made to last. The support pole adjusts to fit a variety of ceilings heights and it comes with higher end hanging bins capable of holding lots of stuff and some real girth.On the other hand, this seems to be a product for a niche market. I am thinking of a large family, or group of people, sharing a large shower with each person having their own personal care products to store within reach. The shower should have a basic flat ceiling no taller than 9 feet.In our case, the ceiling in our master bath is angled, not flat and the lowest side of the shower's ceiling is just under 9'. We required all poles for installation.When the pole was put in place, it bent where the top two sections meet because of the vaulted ceiling. I have to give it to OXO though, even bent, the pole locked and feels rock solid.The size of the bins, and the number of them, provide way more room than we would ever use unless I started hoarding. If we were a family of eight or ten sharing a shower, however, there would be plenty of room for everyone to park their own shampoo and body wash.The bins themselves are BIG. We hooked only one up and it is holding two shampoos, a cream rinse, two body washes and a face wash and there is room for at least three more bottles.All in all, I appreciate the design and heavy duty construction of the OXO Good Grips Lift and Lock Pole Caddy, but I would not order it again. My preference would be one of the same quality, but made with smaller and fewer bins for less money.
I own more than a dozen OXO products, everything from brooms to measuring cups, and have always found them to be well designed, long lasting and reasonably priced. However, this pole caddy needs some redesigning before it's as good as their other products.Pros:- Three large, thoughtfully designed, adjustable trays, with places to hang back scrubbers, and holes to insert inverted shampoo bottles. One shelf is flat for soap or loofah.- innovative shelf attachments with a hook and snap - no more of those little silicone washers that slip and drop the shelf- extra pole sections included to fit any height of shower or tub- quick to assemble and install- beautiful stainless steel and clear lucite to compliment any showerCons:- the locking mechanism requires me to extend the pole to the (hopefully) right length, lock it, then pound/jam it into the corner of the shower. There isn't any spring tension or any way to adjust the height once it's in place.- pole is somewhat bendy once locked in place, especially with heavy shampoo bottles in the shelves.I hope they improve this product with future incarnations because it's got a lot of potential. But for over $100 it should have a rock solid tension adjustment.
Edited to add: Two problems: This griddle is essentially unusable when grilling meat, because the temperature cycles up and down too much and at times gets low enough that the meat actually stops cooking, due to the thermostat clicking on and off. Additionally, it has hot spots and cold spots, the distribution of the heat is not uniform.  So I am lowering my rating from four stars to three. Other than that ..... [9/5/10]ETA: I recently tried theFrigidaire Professional Panini Grill, and found it fixed most of the problems described below, so if you are looking for a grill/griddle appliance, you may want to check out other brands. 11/12/12There are lots of details about this grill that are not given in the description, including a few puzzles.  Overall, this is a fine and useful grill.  I like the reversible plates and found them easy to flip and clean.  It seems well balanced and easy to manipulate, and doesn't seem to take too long to heat up.However, from what I can tell, both side knobs do the very same thing!!!  When on the Griddle setting, the left knob is labeled from 200-425 degrees.  When on the Panini setting, the right knob is labeled from Warm to Sear.  But why not just have a single knob, that ranges from "200/Warm" to "425/Sear"?  I think by having lot of knobs, it is giving the impression that it is some sort of advanced subtle piece of gourmet foodie equipment that does more than it actually does (more costly to manufacture, more to break, and an insult to the consumer).  This grill is nothing more than a hot surface with a temperature dial !! (Actually, before I tried it out, I thought the different settings were for single grill / double grill.  I mean, why heat up both sides if I am just using one side with the lid up?)The product description was vague on some aspects of how to use the grill, so here is what I figured out:- when turned on, the center knob shows a red light, and both sides are heated (no single side setting - I suppose if I only want a single side, a frying pan on the stove is easier);- the side knobs have a green light when the surfaces are near the desired temperature setting (within 20 degrees of top temp when first heating, and once heated, the green light is on when the temp is about 10 degrees from target);- once target temperature is reached, the temperature can drop over 20 degrees (green light off) before the heat clicks back on and target temperature is reached again (green light back on);- the lid pivots on an axle across the center of the lid (where the handle attaches), so that the lid can be level no matter how high the food is (within reason), or sloped if short food is on one side and tall food on the other;- the actual cooking area is a bit smaller than there overall stated dimensions, the griddle is 8-7/8 by 11-1/4 inches; the grill area is less because the ridges don't extend as far (1/2 to 1 inch away from the edge).- the closest the griddle plates get to one another is about 5/8 inch, so that is the thinnest something could be pressed;- the ridges of the grill plates get to about 1/8 inch from each other;- there are grease outlets on the hinge side of each plate for grease to drip into a little grease drawer, and the plates have a very slight slope towards these outlets (1-3 degrees), but this slope is so slight that grease doesn't flow that easily, and you might need to slightly prop the non-hinge sides if you are interested in getting grease to flow (as in the Forman grill);- the handle is some sort of non-metal that doesn't get hot when the stainless does;- only the lid is stainless steel on the top, while the bottom and a few other components appear to be some sort of hard material that could be a high temperature plastic;- the cord is only 35" long.Finally, when I measured the temperature of the griddle with my surface grill thermometer, I got rather cooler temperatures than what was said on the temperature setting. My  grill surface thermometer may not be calibrated correctly, but this was farther off than I expected, though it certainly felt hot enough to cook effectively.  But also, the Panini setting has a cooler low and a hotter high than the Griddle knob, which demonstrates that each dial does have its own thermostat (and which are not calibrated the same, unless there is a design purpose I haven't figured out to have one knob heat the appliance hotter & cooler than the other knob).
I bought the griddler in February of 2005 and have taken care to ensure it lasts.  The Griddler is heavy and sturdily constructed. It heats up quickly, and cleans up even faster.  We have used it for Panini, grilling meat, and toasting burger buns.  The griddler comes with interchangeable dishwasher safe griddle and grill plates.  The unit can be used as a Panini press or as a griddle.The base of the unit heats up and maintains temperature better than the top.  This creates uneven toasting of the Panini or other items.  It's not so much of a problem using as a griddle, since one side will simply cook faster than the other.After a year the nonstick surface has started pealing off of the grill plates.  I have never used metal on the nonstick surface and have taken great care to preserve the finish.  Perhaps it is in the design, but the now I will have to take care not to get pieces of the nonstick surface in my food.  The plates don't stay attached in the top anymore either.  It's very annoying trying to reposition a hot plate into place.On the surface, the Griddler has the looks and design to be a great product.  Cuisinart has some bugs to work out to attain even heating and plates that last.  If I were to buy a new Panini press, I would not look to Cuisinart again.PROS:Heavy and sturdily constructionHeats up and cleans quicklyCONS:Non-stick surface does not lastUneven heating
I put this in a child's bedroom which was smelling a little stale.  A few weeks later, I have noticed an improvement in the smell of that room, but it's not like an amazing, "ahhhh" experience to walk in there.  I also still see all kinds of dust particles floating in sunbeams in there, so I wonder how much dust it's really getting out of there.  Also, I'm really not happy with the need to chlorinate the water that goes into it.  We have well water, so I have to manually add chlorine to the unit.  What a pain!  I don't feel great about having my child breathe misted, chlorinated water, either.  I mean, there are products sold to eliminate chlorine from shower-water so that people don't have to breathe the chlorinated mist.  So can it be good to purposely put a machine in my child's bedroom that spews the stuff into the air?  I don't know, but I am not so wowed with this product that I can overlook a concern like that.
This air conditioner is reasonably easy to set up, if you have a small window. For larger windows, you're probably going to need something likethese foam insulating panelsunless you're planning to build a duct tape and cardboard filler, as the plastic outlet is a bit small.Because the window vent is just an exhaust, you can't draw cool air inside at night (unlike the similarly-pricedWhynter ARC-14S) which is a disappointment if you're trying to keep your energy bill down. I will say, though, this air conditioner is way more efficient than any in-window model I've ever used.Another disappointment is the air output. On its highest setting, the cool air still kind of dribbles out. You can't really direct it, and the design prevents adding a vent deflector (unless you want to build one out of the extra duct tape and cardboard you used for sealing the window).The biggest disappointment, though, was discovering a puddle of water in my utility room. Turns out, if this isn't 100% flat, it'll happily spew water all over the place. Seriously, use a level, or get aLittle Giant condensate pumpto be absolutely certain.At a certain price, I'd probably love this air conditioner all day, but considering how close it is to the ARC 14-S from Whynter -- which I also own, and which is superior in every way -- I couldn't recommend this. If you see it cheap, though, it's a nice AC unit. Way nicer than an in-window unit, and easy to move around.
But, truth be told, it was kind of a pain getting there.  I don't bake a lot, and so an expert baker may be able to detect the true differences in using this product versus the more commonly used baking pans, but for me I'm not sure the hassle of this particular mold is worth the end result.  Sure, my cake was moist and delicious, but I'm not entirely happy with my experience overall.The silicone mold itself is extremely flexible, which can make it difficult to move around, especially once you've filled it with your batter.  Now, I didn't use the microwave because I don't believe in them, so I used the oven (which scared me at first because of the flimsy quality of the product).  The mold held up really well, so there is that.  It comes with a metal ring inserted to the top of the mold that holds it in place.  The ring can be a pain to get in, because it has to latch and it can only be inserted in a specific way.  It also fell out during the baking process, but thankfully the mold stayed put.  Now, I baked this according to the box directions and when the timer went off I stuck in the toothpick and it came out clean, so I let it cool and slid the cake out of the mold and onto my cake dish.  It came out really easy, and I even forgot to grease the mold.  Sadly, the cake was not cooked all the way through.  In fact, somehow this cooked from the top to the bottom and so the top layer of the cake (what I tested with the toothpick) was cooked and yet it was basically hot batter at the bottom.  So, I had to restart the oven and flip the cake back into the mold and cook it for another fifteen minutes.  FIFTEEN MINUTES past the directions on the box!That being said, when it was actually done, it was delicious.  The cake was also very pretty, which I have a feeling is the whole idea behind these molds.  Sadly, the focus even from the manufacturer seems to be to sell you all of their products to make your baked goods beautiful.  Instead of giving you detailed instructions on how to use this product you are given four bullet points on the back of the box and then a booklet filled with every product imaginable for your baking needs.  I wish that there had been some more information on how to best use this product; then maybe I wouldn't have had such a hard time with it.
UPDATED REVIEW: Please note that over the last 2 years I've found that the non-stick surface on these pots and pans have been coming off, especially on the bolted areas (where the handles are bolted onto the pots).  I'm disappointed because I really like these pots and pans otherwise, but it seems the surface has worn away or scratched away despite my OCD influenced extreme care.  Yes, I admit to having put these in the dishwasher a few times (because they are reportedly safe to do that with...), but I don't think the non-stick coating loss is from that.  It could be, but I can't say it's directly related.  Anyway, I'm updating with this note just to make clear that despite really liking this set of cookware, I'd have to knock the rating back a bit because of the issue of loss of the non-stick surface material. :-(==I've known the name Pyrex for a long time, but my past experience with Pyrex never involved anything other than glass cookware.  For example,Pyrex Prepware 2-Cup Measuring Cup, Clear with Red MeasurementsandPyrex Grip-Rite 3-Quart Oblong Baking Dish Clearare pieces that I'm very familiar with.  Over time, it seems that Pyrex has decided to offer this set ofPyrex 10 Piece Aluminum Nonstick Cookware Setand I find myself giving this set of cookware a try in my own kitchen.This set includes some interesting features though I'd start by saying I'm not at all surprised by the fairly hefty glass lids, or at least not by the fact that the lids are glass.  Again, this is Pyrex, the people that made their name with study glass cookware.  What is interesting with the lids is the open-ended handles that are wrapped in heat resistant silicone.  All of the pieces (including the handles on the pots and pans) are covered on the top and bottom with the same heat resistant silicone, except for the tops of the side handles on the 6 QT stockpot.  Those handles, for whatever reason, are only covered on the bottom and not the top of the handle.  I'm a bit leery of the possibility of grabbing the side handles on that pot and burning myself on those handles since they are attached to the side of the pot and will eventually transfer the heat of the pot through to the handles.Getting back to the lids, as mentioned the handles for the lids are open-ended (see the picture of the product for an example).  The handles are attached by a pair of screws through the glass that are towards one of the edges.  The handles and lids are neatly balanced so that even though the handle doesn't go all the way across the lid or attach on either side, the lids still naturally sit level once you take them off by the handle.  Additionally, the handles on the lids have a notch in the underside that allows them to work as a stand.  It'll take some getting used to, but once you do get used to how to hook them in place you see it might be a pretty nice feature at times.While the lids themselves feel fairly heavy, the pots and pans seem a little less so.  My daughter joked that they wouldn't do much damage if she conked her brother on the head with one and I don't think she's too far off.  The pots and pans that I've used over the last few years are a set of Cooks Essentials or similar brand name Hard Anodized Aluminum cookware that I was given as a gift (sold by a brick and mortar competitor of Amazon).  I had asked for that set as a gift after doing a ton of research on what I should get to replace a set of T-Fal nonstick cookware that my now departed wife and I had bought long ago.  One of the features that I insisted upon with that set is that it be dishwasher safe as well as metal utensil safe.  Not easy to find, I know, but my wife had a bad habit of eating directly from pots eventually scratching up the non-stick surface.  That set of Cooks cookware is definitely heavy with each piece feeling quite substantial when you pick it up or pull it out of the cabinet to get ready for use.Last winter, I bought another set of cookware (again at a brick and mortar store) that was again Hard Anodized Aluminum, though not specifically advertised as dishwasher safe or metal utensil safe.  In this case I was buying the set for my son to use.  I didn't like the idea of having him using my "good" cookware if he wasn't going to clean up after himself for a few hours (if at all) as I loath having food stuck on dirty dishes.  This almost new (now) set also feels heavier than the Pyrex set I'm reviewing here.I mention the weight of the pots and pans because lighter weight cookware tends to, at least in my experience, heat quicker which means adjusting cooking habits when using the skillets in this set compared to the skillets from the other sets in my home.  Normally sauces and other items cooked are in the sauce pans are less of an issue than say an omelet, but users of this set will still need to be aware of how quickly items in these pots heat so they can avoid burning foods.Somewhat surprisingly, this set of cookware *is* Dishwasher safe.  For those that hate having to handwash their cookware that can be a make or break feature.  In my case, I've gotten a bit less lazy about handwashing my cookware so I don't necessarily see it as a big issue any more, but then again I like the idea that my kids can use these pots and they can easily be tossed into the dishwasher later.  Considering the struggle to just get the kids to put dishes in the sink, I guess I should count my blessings.On the other interesting features front, the sauce pans and stockpot include built in measure marks on the sides.  That makes loading the pots with the proper amount of liquids fairly trivial.  My daughter can now easily cook up a box of Pasta-roni without pulling out and dirtying up a measuring cup.  Yay!  The sauce pans and stockpot also include pouring spouts on the sides that make it easy to strain away liquids or pour hot sauces from the pans.  And finally, the handles on the pots and sauce pans are designed to be spoon rests though I would say your mileage may vary on how well those will work for you.Edited to add this important note: these cookware pieces are also oven safe up to 350 degrees F or 175 degrees C *in preheated ovens*.  Not to be used under a broiler or in an oven when a self-cleaning cycle is operating.  The 350 degree mark is a little low compared to other sets that I've seen (or the other sets I own), but I wanted to be sure to note this feature (and comparitive restriction on it) for potential buyers.Overall I think this is a nice set of cookware.  Not necessarily the best I've seen, but not bad.
I received my CleanWave from the Amazon Vine program.  We had a flea problem a few months ago, and I though perhaps it would be good to have this machine if we found any more fleas.  The unit arrived and I was pleased with the weight and shape of it, and with the long cord.I used it for the first time on our king sized mattress.  The vacuum part worked just fine, but like others have said it's hard to keep the unit flat enough to consistently trigger the UV light.  I moved the unit slowly over our bed, and when I was done I felt a little foolish. Did the CleanWave actually sanitize the top of our bed? How long does it take to sanitize a cloth mattress top? Will we notice the death and removal of millions of dust mites when we climb into bed tonight?I don't feel that our bed needs to be sanitized, if this machine actually did sanitize it. We live in a world full of dust mites and germs and other unseen things, and manage to co-exist nicely with most of them. Trying to sterilize our surroundings is actually more harmful that sharing our bed with some unseen dust mites.  The over-use of antibiotics, alcohol hand sanitizer, and anti-bacterial soaps and cleaning products has contributed to super bugs like MRSA and drug-resistant tuberculosis, and unnecessary sanitizing also contributes.One time that it might be useful to sanitize your bed is in a hotel, where unknown germs and bodily fluids lurk.  But this unit is too big and heavy to travel with you.  And for their claims of killing bedbugs?  I don't believe it - bedbugs hide behind the headboard of the bed, in tiny cracks in the baseboard, and in the seams of the mattress - areas this machine won't sanitize because you can't hold it flat enough to use the light.Unless someone has a known allergy to dust mite, I don't see a reason to buy this product.
While I liked the idea of this vacuum (especially being allergic to all the above pests and fungi!), I just couldn't get over the fact that you can't really SEE it work, and I didn't notice a noticeable difference in my allergies either.  So how do you really know that it is working?  I felt very much like the king wearing his coat of many colors.  I know others have reviewed that they saw a marked difference in their allergies, but I just didn't.I DID notice a difference, however, after having purchased a Dyson vacuum!  So if you are going to invest in something, I would use the extra 70.00 towards a nicer vacuum!  However, if you have already done that and want some added attack form, they by all means go for it. The Dyson was enough help for me.
The quality of the grill doesn't look to great. It seems very flimsy and not very appealing compared to other products. I have only used it twice and it was for grilled sandwiches. It worked well but it wasn't evenly grilling. Some parts of the sandwich were more cooked than other parts. I am not even sure if it will last long as the two times I used it already seem to fall apart. You do get what you pay for. It is probably best to spend a little more money and get something a little better.
As a long time George Foreman grill user, I thought I'd try out one of these for variety.  I was not at all impressed.  Here's why:1. Size - This thing is not big at all.  9 x 9 x 3 inches is barely larger than a George Foreman "champ" grill.  You can maybe cook for 2 on this.2. Performance - Cooking was uneven and hard to manage.  Half the meat would cook, half wouldn't.  Cooking breakfast or sandwiches was a mess.3. Design - the great thing about a George Foreman grill is all the grease draining off the front.  This grill drains grease, but then it just sits on the grill plate, which means it can overflow or stick right back onto your food.4. Potential catastrophic failure - I didn't experience this (yet) but with the number of negative reviews it seems quality control is low on these, so it may just fail to turn on one day.Although the TV commercials may look cool, and there's lots of exciting drill plates, steer clear of the Big Boss and get a more reliable brand instead.
Back when I was in college I don't think they had these type of grills, but I think I would have loved it back then (3am snack breaks).Now that I am married with kids this "Small Boss" proves too small - probably works best for one college kid.  I made myself a decent grill cheese sandwich on the grill but it was promptly snatched from me by one of my kids forcing me to ponder if I should go through exercise of grilling another one.  Also with a family I now prefer items that produce less clutter and the Boss just has too many little parts and accessories than I like to track and store.In terms of Quality it has worked fine for me so far but I haven't had it that long (will post an update if I experience any quality issues).So overall, the college-version of me would give this 5-stars.  The married-with-children version of me gives this 3-stars for my current lifestyle needs.
About the BigBoss Grill, well the first thing you will notice is the grill itself is quite small and would be excellent for a single person or for use in a college dorm.  The size does not allow you to make more than one serving at a time.The grill does do an excellent job preparing food.  I love the removable and dishwasher safe tray inserts.  This is a great feature that makes it easy to use without worrying about cleanup.  My family loved the burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches.  However, it is just too small to prepare for family dinners. It's really only good for singles.  I wish I would have noticed that in the packaging.
My 11 year old really enjoys using this because of its' high novelty factor with all the different cooking plates. We adults think it's a lot of work for very little return. For instance, it makes eight 1 1/2" donuts at a time that are very dry and firm and not at all sweet. I've never had a George Foreman grill, but I imagine that this is very similar to that. The only benefit that this unit has is the six interchangeable non-stick plates. This unit includes griddle, waffle, donut, sandwich, omelet, and a grill plate. If you like the GF grill, but want the variety of plates then perhaps this is worthwhile for you. If you have a preteen who loves to experiment in cooking this could also be a hit.
The name implies a family-sized grill, but it's more of a singles or couples grill. Basically, don't expect to make food for more than two people at a time.Once you get past size, it's all about function. Unfortunately, you'll need *a lot* of patience to make a decent *meal* with this grill. I started with a couple easy recipes--an omelette and grilled cheese--and since they turned out well enough I graduated to meat with less desirable results. The hamburger and chicken breast were unevenly cooked, but the fish, surprisingly, turned out well.Clean up wasn't horrible since the cooking plates are removable, however, because there's no drip-pan, cleaning up after fatty meats is problematic and the plates aren't as non-stick as the box would lead you to believe. If you don't use enough non-stick spray, you'll need a bit of elbow grease to get the dried on bits off and it's far too easy to accidentally scratch off the non-stick surface.Overall, it does a great job for certain *less* cooking intensive foods (grilled sandwiches, eggs, waffles, pancakes, etc.), but it's a hassle if you want to use it for larger meals involving meat and vegetables.
I tried really hard to like this Victorinox Ceramic Chef Knife.  I did get it from Amazon Vine, but I actually bought a new cutting board that was plastic just for this knife (because the instructions warn not to use hard cutting boards under it).  When I first opened the knife, I thought it had to be a joke.  It felt like plastic.  As I examined the knife, I accidentally cut my finger, and realized it is very sharp.  I proceeded to start cutting up apples, carrots, celery, and other vegetables.  It did a nice job on all of them.  However, the weight was a real concern for me.  I'm just not used to such a light knife.  I decided to wait a few more weeks before I wrote my review, and commit to using the knife all the time.  I found I have incredible control with the knife, and I prepared nice looking plates of sliced and cleaned apples for the kids multiple times.  I even peeled the slices with just the knife, something you can only do with the sharpest of steel blades.So why two stars?  Because for the same price as this knife, you can buy yourself a good sharp steel bladed knife that is weighted nicely, cuts well, and keeps a sharp edge.  I was glad to evaluate it for Amazon Vine, but I will be sticking to good heavy steel knives for future purchases.
>>>Update Aug 2011Like many others, I'm having pump problems after just a few months of use. The water is drawn into the unit, but does not dispense. So far I've been able to resolve the problem by either powering down and then back up, or removing/replacing the water reservoir. Cleaning the upper needle also helps at times, but performance is not at 100% - some days it's perfect; other days it's hit and miss. I still love the coffee produced by this machine, but its reliability changes my rating from 5 stars to 3.Note: although not in the manual, keep in mind that you can descale the unit using a citric acid-based cleaner such as Dezcal (or, as I do, just 1 oz of pure citric acid per liter of water). Works better than vinegar, and far easier to do (no smell!).>>>original reviewI've been using a Senseo for the past several months which I really like (and still use), but the Cuisinart has some strong benefits the Senseo lacks. While each has its strengths, if I had to pick just one I'd go with the Cuisinart.The large water tank is a huge plus - only need to refill it about once a day (versus multiple times per day for the Senseo, even with the expanded tank option). I also find the cup selection to be highly useful since I use this about 50% of the time to dispense hot water for tea. Being able to choose between 6, 8, 10 and 12 oz is a real plus.It is very quiet in operation - just a hush of the water being pumped is about all you hear. Speedy to warm up, and you can program it to turn on or off at a set time, as well as have it turn off after a set period of non-use.I drink mostly decaf, and the k-cup selection of decafs is far more extensive than the Senseo pods. But, on the flip side, the k-cups are usually more costly.I mainly use the My K-cup option and my own coffee. Far less expensive, and you can use whatever variety you enjoy. Using the My K-cup does require some practice - the correct grind is critical. Too fine or too course and you'll wind up with poor results. I use a burr grinder (also made by Cusinart) set 2-3 clicks above the finest setting. Or, if you want to use pre-ground, I find the Melitta brand of decaf is just about perfect in terms of grind consistency (and pretty tasty to boot).If you find you like using the My K-cup, get some extra filter holders. Medleco sells a two pack for about eight bucks on Amazon. Makes the process run quicker and easier since you don't have to wash right after each use.The height under the spout is high enough to fit a 16 oz Adagio Ingenuitea brewer. If you like using loose tea, the Adagio is a must have. For me, I would have skipped the Cuisinart if the Adagio didn't fit.The one area where the Senseo still shines is in producing a crema layer on the coffee (well, a pseudo-crema since there is not enough pressure for a true crema). So, I keep the Senseo running as well, and hit that for a cup or two in the evening. Love using the Senseo with flavored coffees in particular.This is a bit more expensive than a run of the mill k-cup brewer, but the extra features, longer warranty and the design make it worthwhile for me. So far it's been rock solid in terms of performance (one month of heavy use), but I'll update the review should there be any reliability issues.Highly recommend!
The KAHLA Five Senses large platter has a simple and very aesthetic design, and will appeal to those who lean modern. The platter is more white than off-white, but is not a brilliant white.Design-wise, the edges turn up at the very edges, so there isn't a lip. This makes the full platter useable. I was able to place a 9lb ham on it with a little room to spare.However, while the design aesthetic is certainly appealing, the platter looks cheaply made because the base underside makes a noticeable dent on the platter face. Consequently, the platter face is not the smooth flat face that you would expect in a high quality platter. This is disappointing because the platter design is very nice.
I've tried so many coffee makers and years ago gave up trying to work with anything other than Mr. Coffee. That's because reliability and utility trump high design as far as I'm concerned.I have a more basic Mr. Coffee that I like better than this model. Personally, I don't want the hot plate to keep heating for 2 hours.This coffee maker lets you pour coffee before the filter basket empties, and no spills. That's great and my tried and true current Mr. Coffee doesn't let me do that. Also, the timer tells how long the coffee has been kept warm, showing its freshness - a feature I don't need because the one I like most shuts off soon enough.Other than those things this is just like the Mr. Coffee maker I've been using. You can see on the outside how much water is in it. It just fits under on a counter under a standard cupboard, and that's important to me. It's really difficult to improve on the basic Mr. Coffee design that I prefer.
June 16. 2013 UPDATE:  I add two caveats for this Mr. Coffee that I had not encountered previously.  Be careful and do not do as I did.  Do not put water into the reservoir without the presence of a basket.  When I attempted to add water without the basket in place water went all over the kitchen counter and frankly that is messy.  My fault for sure but I missed that caveat in the instructions.  Another caveat pertains to the pot top.  I was pouring coffee into my cup and the top of the carafe just fell off and coffee went all over the counter.  I will accept responsibility for the goof but I do not know why it happened.  I may not have placed the top on the pot securely or maybe just hit the top or maybe the design has a fault.  I do not know but just say, be careful.One of my first coffee makers was a Mr. Coffee but that was years ago.  This EJX37 is a step above that original one.I wish the folks who write instructions would hire a person who does not write instructions to write instructions.  Huh?  Most coffee maker setups are intuitive; however, I am an instruction reader for safety reasons and assurances that I do not do something stupid.  These instructions need help but after several reads I finally managed to get 'er done.  For example, there is a place to pour the water in at the top of the lid; however, it is not shown nor mentioned in the instructions.  There is a water reservoir spot that is in the basket area; however, not from the top.  Minor distractions often receive excessive comments and mine are minor.Speed of delivery is comparable to most other 12 cup coffee makers.  I am not a big fan of having to place the filter on top each time I make a new pot.  I like the brands that keep the filter inside the reservoir or out of the way better.  I brewed one full pot with the filter and another the next day without the filter and could not tell any difference.  It may have something to do with the water supply that I use.  My water comes out of the ground and does not have any additives such as fluoride and most of the dirt has been filtered.Taste is the main and most important element of a coffee maker.  Mr. Coffee has the right formula for making a full-bodied cup of coffee over and over.  Our coffee tastes are anything but sophisticated but you will not mess with my morning coffee and Mr. Coffee provides that just right cup.  I quickly add that it is neither significantly better or worse; just about average compared to other brewers.The clock while minor is one of the better ones that I have seen.  I can see the blessed thing, unlike most of the others that you have to peek and arrange for proper lighting.  With its analog sweep second hand it is even better.  The other controls on the face of the unit are easy to read and very easy to operate.  The carafe fits my hands well and is easy to remove from the hot-plate.  The side gauge is of little value since it is on the side that is not lit nor easy to read; however, it is a feature that is never used by us.Overall, this is a nice coffee maker and while I consider it a step above average it is even better when you compare its price point with other similar units.  This Mr. Coffee is about one half the price of some of its competitors and that could add to its value.
This coffee maker is nothing special. It makes coffee, yes. But its programmable side is super complicated. It's not 'user friendly' or 'intuitive'.  Only my hubby knows how to use it fully, so I gave up and let him do it. The filter (included) is great, as I'm allergic to chlorine. There is a LOT of chlorine in our tap water.
I have a very cheap and very old Black & Decker toaster that is on its last legs, so I was happy to give this newer B&D; a try.Unfortunately, newer isn't necessarily better, and this product has a few issues that keep me from really liking it:- Size. For a 2-slice toaster, it takes up some real estate, measuring 11" long, 6.5" wide at the base, and 8" tall. For all that bulk, the sides of the toaster do still get warm during use.- Feels cheaply made. I don't know how some companies make lightweight products that still feel like quality, and others make lightweight products that feel cheap, but this toaster feels cheap. A few things probably contribute to that, the buttons are somewhat loose and the chrome band around the front and top is plastic. The sides are stainless steel, so that part does feel more substantial.- Toasts unevenly, especially bagels. Regular bread toasts as evenly in this appliance as my old one - not perfect, but not bad. Bagels (both on the bagel and regular setting) come out near-burnt at the lower edge, and not even starting to brown at the top. If I want an evenly toasted bagel, I have to pop it up at least once during toasting and rotate the bagel 180 degrees.- Smells like a cheap plastic toy made in China. After nearly a month of use (once every 2 or 3 days), the toaster still gives off a faint unpleasant odor when it's hot. The smell isn't as bad now as it was when new, so I'm hoping it goes away completely sooner or later.What I like about this toaster:+ Retractable cord makes it much easier to store.+ Crumb tray is easy to access and quick to empty without spilling.Overall, I'm sure this isn't the worst toaster you could buy for under $30, but I have a feeling that many of the under-$20 toasters available would perform as well, maybe better.
When I opened the box on the SpinScrub, the first task I put it through was cleaning the kitchen floor. After clearing the rolling table and other things off the floor, I filled up the tank and started cleaning.The kitchen floor space is about 12x12. It took two fills of the clean water/detergent tank to get through the floor. Admittedly, I was going very slowly since it was the first time to run this cleaner across the floor, and so it likely will not take that much each time.It cleaned the floor quite well. Even having mopped recently, the dirty water looked like I was cleaning the garage. The machine flowed well, the included cleaning solution cleaned nicely.When I got done, I looked back and saw why this product, as easy as it was to use, only gets 3 stars from me.I have a 3/4 inch band of "not-cleaned" all the way around the edge of the cabinets and against the wall.Now, I may the only person with cabinets that go all the way to the floor and thus make a hard edge in much of the kitchen, but the width of the edge left uncleaned by the machine is too much.This edge is also a drawback on the "spill-cleanup" function. You may be lucky enough to have spilled orange juice puddle in the middle of the floor, but it runs for the wall in my house. So, the vacuum cleans up most of the spill, but I'm still mopping to get the rest.The machine assembled easily and the folding handle helps with storage issues.In all, the machine assembled easy, meets the description, but leaves a wide edge around the walls. It's useful, but not a fantastic product because of that.
1-  Assembly:Instructions for assembly were not necessary. It took no more than 10 minutes to get it all done.  If you are uncomfortable assembling the device without instructions, the instruction manual is pretty complete with pictures & written directions. After assembly the handle has a pretty neat feature, you can fold it for easier storage.2-  Getting the FloorMate ready for use:This model comes with a cleaning solution & cleaning wipes so you can start using the equipment right out of the box. The instructions for the proper use of the solution are pretty simple. You take the cap offyour solution tank, fill to the 1oz or 2oz depending on what type of hard floor you are cleaning & then add water in the tank to the fill line (you can use a non-solvent based cleaner of your own if you have one that you already like).3-  Cleaning your floors:I want to start by letting you know that I am 61 and have had some health issues.  I was looking for an easier alternative to using a sponge mop, which is about the only type of mop that has left my kitchen tile floor (textured travertine) clean.-You first want to set the FloorMate to the vacuum to setting to get any loose dirt, food, etc. This setting is not so bad.  It does pick up any small loose things on your floor as dirt & crumbs, but if anything is stuck to the floor it will not pick it up.  You will still have to do it yourself.-After you finish with the vacuum part you set it to the wash setting & you have to make sure that you squeeze the trigger on the handle to release the cleaning solution. Again, just as with the vacuum setting,  the wash setting will not clean any stuck on food or dirt so you have to do it yourself. I tried going several times over the area where my toddler granddaughter had breakfast (I purposely left it alone to see what the FloorMate can do).  It didn't do much for the small pieces of fruit that were dried & stuck on the floor.-The dry setting is pretty nice. I used this setting while alternating with the wash setting so I was washing & drying small areas of the kitchen so. when I finished, the floor was pretty close to dry. It takes a lot longer to dry when I use the sponge mop.4-  Overall evaluation:I give this product a 3  stars. The good part of the FloorMate is that it is pretty simple to use & it has nice padded round edges around the nozzle so you do not scratch your furniture.  You can use your own cleaner as long as you use the correct type. It also vacuums any loose dirt & dries the floor pretty well. The bad part of it is that is just as heavy as a small vacuum cleaner so you get as tired as when you vacuum. It does not pick up any stuck on dirt or food from the floor you have to do it yourself & it is very, very loud. It is louder than my Dyson vacuum cleaner.
We have hardwood flooring and tile flooring, so this seemed like something to fit our needs perfectly.  We tried it out and were very pleased with how much dirt we were able to remove in even the first use.  Since we are inherently lazy about mopping the floor, it seemed like a great find. However, it did seem to leave too much water on the surface at times.  This is not what you want on your hardwood surface, so it leaves me somewhat mixed on my opinion.  The only other downside is it is a bit heavy to use.
Over the past few years, I've owned a basic bagless Hoover, midline bagless Eureka, and a basic commercial Oreck (which requires bags).  They are all very different and different still from this Panasonic vacuum cleaner.  Honestly, I probably would have bought this vacuum cleaner a year ago if my mom hadn't introduced me to Oreck.  But, I would have ended up frustrated because after having it for three months it doesn't work very well anymore.One of the factors that I've realized over the years that makes a vacuum cleaner really expensive is the replacement HEPA filters.  The filter on this vacuum only costs $10 when I looked it up on Amazon.  My hoover, on the other hand which was only a $65 vacuum required two filters that cost a total of $25 or $30 a year.  The Eureka (a $175 vacuum) was similar and required two filters that cost about $30 a year.  My Oreck (a $300 vacuum) does not have a filter, but it does have bags that are supposed to help with allergies.  (The cost of the Oreck doesn't come in the filters, but rather in the bags which have to be replaced about every month and a half and run about $25 a year.)The other factor I've realized that varies a lot among vacuums is the weight of the vacuums.  This vacuum weighs 27 lbs.  To give you a comparison, the comparable Dyson weighs 25 pounds.  Because of it's weight though, I would recommend this vacuum for a single story home or for someone who is strong.  My Oreck only weighs 9 lbs.  So, if you have carpel tunnel sydrome, I'd definitely recommend an Oreck over this one.  The weight is important for not only carrying up and downstairs but also for going back and forth on the carpet.  This vacuum almost feels as if it's self propelled when it goes forward but it's heavy (compared to my Oreck) to pull back.  I don't think it would be that heavy to pull back compared to a Dyson, though.At first, I was very pleased with how well this vacuum vacuumed my carpet.  I was amazed at how much it pulled up from just my downstairs!  It was pretty quiet, not too loud.  The clean/dirty sensor is a funny thing.  I experimented a bit.  It made me wonder if my carpet is dirty!  I made 2 passes in some places and it would be clean, but in others it would take 6 or 7 passes.  I'm not sure how much I trust the sensor--I think it's more of a gadget.  It is easy to press the button to switch from bare floors to vacuum and it doesn't have a beater bar if you're concerned about that for hardwood floors.  The beater bar is something that vacuums had a long time ago and the top Oreck has one, but the lower ones don't.  The handle isn't especially easy to maneuver, but it isn't horrible.  But, when you go back to carpet after bare floors, make sure to switch the switch back or else it won't vacuum the way it needs to.  It has two distinct settings.  But, recently it stopped working very well.  The stick works fine, but because of how the vacuum is made, it's hard to figure out what is wrong.One thing I do love is how easily the vacuum stick comes in and out when you need to get into small places.  It clicks in so you know it's in there.  It's very easy to click it up and down to make it shorter or longer.  I also have been warned that the tube on the Dyson vacuum is very stiff and hard to maneuver, but the one on this Panasonic is not.  If the stretchy tube doesn't seem to be retracting enough, it's just because it's twisted.  I pulled the pole out and untwisted it and then it retracted so I could pop it back into place very, very easily.  My Hoover also drove me crazy becaus the vacuum tube was always coming loose and I'd look down and then I'd realize what I was vacuuming was going into the air and not the canister!  Ugh!  That vacuum was a pain.  So, the clicking feature on this one really pleased me!  I was also very pleased with how close it vacuumed to the edge of things.  It really does a much better job than my Oreck.Thoughts on assembly and cleaning...  When you assemble the vacuum and take the stickers off, they may or may not come off easily.  Mine didn't, but I used my nails.  If the stickers don't come off easily, you can use a damp rag and a bit of baking soda to rub it off.  It will even take off the gumminess left by the stickers if you've gotten some of it off, but not all of it.  Also, when you go to empty the canister, the red funnel has be pushed in and at first I only felt/heard one click.  It had go far enough in so that the bottom of the canister could slide in and twist.  I just wanted to mention it so you don't get frustrated with it the first time you're figuring it out.  I thought the funnel/canister contraption was great and it was really easy to slide/lock back into place!Really, I think there are two camps in vacuums.  Bags and Bagless.  So, basically, if you are looking for a bagless vacuum, I'd definitely recommend this one and I'd give it 4.5 stars.  It works really well!  At a little over $200, it seems like a good value and it's far cheaper than getting a Dyson (even if you don't have to replace the filters on the Dyson).  I'm not sure what is wrong with my vacuum, but until recently it did really work well.If you need a light vacuum and don't mind bags, I'd go with an Oreck (but get a middle of the line one, not the top or the bottom).