I have had one of these for about 10 years.  It is still running.  It still works fine.  But, I will be replacing it soon with an electric machine that is self-contained for a number of reasons.This machine only makes soft serve ice cream.  In order to get the density that we are accustomed to in purchased ice cream the soft serve ice cream has to be dispensed into another container and then frozen for at least an hour, preferably overnight.  Be certain to start with a very cold base ice cream, or the ice cream will not even reach a soft serve state.This machine is not quiet.  It makes much more noise than it would appear capable of generating.In order to be able to make ice cream the freezer compartment needs to be solidly frozen.  How long this takes is dependent on how cold your freezer is inside.  I usually put mine in the night before I plan to use it.  I also make my ice cream base the day before so that it will be completely cold when it enters the ice cream canister.If you plan to add nuts or fruit to your ice cream do this after the base has reach a soft serve state to keep the nuts and fruits from getting broken up to fine, unless that is your intention.If you make ice cream, sherbet, or sorbet infrequently this machine will suit your need.  If you don't currently make ice cream at home and just want to try to make ice cream to determine if a machine will get used, this item would also make sense.  However, if you are an experienced ice cream maker, and expect to use an ice cream maker frequently I would suggest investigating the models that chill the bowl on their own (without you having to put something into your freezer overnight).
We actually found this product on clearance sale at JCPennys last winter.  It has been a wonderful kitchen gadget, as long as we keep a few things in mind...1) We store the bowl in the freezer rather than trying to freeze it only when we want ice cream.  This ensures that it is nice andfrozen.2) We haven't tried to make frozen yogurt in it - only ice cream - so I don't know how it works with the yogurt.3) Ice cream recipes that call for something other than cream don't freeze as well and don't last as long after they are made.  When we make ice cream with just milk or with evaporated milk, we have to let the machine run longer and then we have to eat the ice cream within a couple of days.  It will also have a more crystallized and less creamy texture.  Ice cream with a combination of heavy cream and milk is phenomenal, though!  It will still form some ice crystals after several days in the freezer, but it's not bad at all.4) If we chill a metal mixing bowl in the freezer for a few minutes and then mix up the ice cream in it before putting it in the ice cream maker, it starts off colder and freezes better.So far I have not figured out how to make a nice, creamy low-fat ice cream in this maker, which is why I am giving it four stars instead of five.  I still need to try the frozen yogurt.  But, for regular ice cream, this is phenomenal!  We love "chunky" ice cream, and love to experiment with all the different things we can add to the Ben & Jerry's French vanilla recipe.  With the price of good ice cream these days, this quickly paid for itself because it's much cheaper to make our own.  We love it!(Oh, and we bought the Ben & Jerry's ice cream cookbook to go with this - it has a lot of tips for successfully making ice cream.)
I own both the Cuisinart 1.5 quart ice cream maker and theKitchenAid KICA0WH Ice Cream Maker Attachment, both of which make excellent ice cream, although this Cuisinart, as a special purpose appliance, will appeal to a broader range of people simply because the unit is self-contained.The Cuisinart works without salt or mess; the bowl walls contain a liquid that, when frozen, becomes extremely cold, enough to freeze a cream/custard base to soft serve consistency.  (More on that later.) For the machine to successfully work, the bowl must be placed in the freezer at least fifteen hours in advance, and the mix must be refrigerated for a minimum of 12 hours, preferably at least 24 hours.  Unless you store the bowl in your freezer and use a non-cooked mixture, you won't be able to make ice cream on the spur of the moment.The machine is fairly noisy, much like the earlier electric churners that used salt and ice.  But operation cannot be easier.  Simply insert the paddle, pour in the mix, attach the top, and start it up.  In 20-30 minutes, depending on the butterfat content and beginning temperature of the mix, you have soft serve consistency ice cream, sorbet, frozen yogurt, or sherbet.  To improve the flavor and consistency, the frozen dessert should be ripened in another container for at least 2 hours in the freezer.The biggest drawbacks to the Cuisinart ice cream maker are its relatively small size, especially compared to the KitchenAid attachment, and the way a portion of the ice cream freezes solid to the sides of the bowl, thus creating some waste.  Of course, you can always take a sturdy non-metal utensil to it to sample it right away.  You'll have to let the bowl thaw some before hand-washing.  None of the parts are dishwasher safe, although all are a breeze to clean once the bowl loses its extreme cold.If you own a KitchenAid mixer, you might want to check out the attachment, but you really can't go wrong with the Cuisinart.  Fresh ice cream has never been easier.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
I greatly enjoyed a Donvier back when they were popular...this product is similar, but with the nice extra feature of doing the stirring for you! Like other reviewers have said, you need to be sure the freezer bowl is frozen solid before starting...I would put it in a freezer on a very cold setting for at least 24 hours. Refrigerate your mixture after making it for at least a couple hours. I usually run the ice cream maker until the ice cream is too hard for it to easily stir, and then take the freezer bowl out, cover it with foil and put it back in the freezer to get extra hard before serving. It comes out great, I have very little problem with ice crystals forming.
Upfront:  Yes, I recommend this machine.  It's easier to use than any other ice cream maker I've ever owned.  However, there are a couple of things to remember or you're going to be very frustrated by the experience.  First off, the freezer bowl has to be frozen solid.  Near solid isn't good enough.  I suggest you leave the bowl in your freezer for two days just to make sure it's cold enough.  Be sure your ingredients are very cold, too.  I use condensed and/or evaporated milk in a couple of my recipes and a day or two in the refrigerator is really important.  Room temperature just won't cut it.  And the thicker the better with this machine.  A custard base is an excellent way to start.Next, don't dawdle.  Get your ingredients right into the bowl.  It begins to thaw pretty quickly, especially in hot weather.  And that's when ice cream is best, isn't it?  And finally, twenty-five minutes to half an hour is about as long as the freezer bowl lasts, so if you've gone that long and it's still looking like soft-serve, get it right into a container and toss it in the freezer for a while before serving.I know it sounds complicated, but it's not really.  Most of it is just remembering to get things to the right temperature.  This isn't a big, fancy freezing unit, it's a relatively inexpensive way to make your own ice cream at home.  You're going to have to make some adjustments.  That said, I have to tell you that it's a great deal of fun to watch the ice cream freezing and to turn it out into bowls and see the eyes of your family light up when you say, &quot;The ice cream is ready!&quot;I put this item in the fun to have but not a necessity category.
Gas and electricity has gone up so much lately. Pressure cookers can help you save by making cooking a lot much faster.  It comes with a compact user guide and a small cookbook.Pressure cookers can be dangerous, so make sure to read the safety precautions. Never fill it more than 2/3 of its capacity. You cannot open the lid while it is still pressurized with the built-in precautionary lock, but the rocker valve can easily get toppled and extremely hot steam can escape through it.Pros:- Stainless steel. You do not want aluminum for health reasons.- We have been using this for more than 5 years.  We just have to replace the rubber gasket around the lid.- Although not as cheap as we like it to be, if you compare it to other manufacturers, you still save some money.Cons:- The pressure valve rocker. Other pressure cookers (but more expensive) has a  non-removable pressure valve.  It is often get misplaced.- The rocker makes quite a bit noise.
I already had a Kitchenaid scoop and some generic one with a pushable lever.  This is pretty good, not as much heft as the Kitchenaid one has, but works fine, going thru most ice creams except the hardest.  Then all you need is to dip it into water.  I would buy it again.
Just don't like junky kitchen gadgets.  I have a Kitchenaid ice cream scoop, that I've had for quite a few years, so I will compare the the OXO with the Kitchenaid, which I think is fair as the prices are comparable.  The Kitchenaid is heavier, has a longer handle,  and the scoop has a little thicker metal.  The OXO has more of a pointed scoop and is thinner at the edges, making it slightly easier to scoop hard ice cream, which is nice.  As of this writing, I should point out that the Kitchenaid sells for $11.99 while the OXO is $7.99, making neither a cheap choice.  Don't get me wrong, I think the OXO is a good product, just not quite the quality of the Kitchenaid.  The OXO does work well, but the shorter handle is not as convenient when scooping in the bottom of the ice cream carton.  If you do decide on the OXO I doubt that you would be disappointed.  Wish I had more to compare it to, but this will give you an idea of the ones I have.  They are both good but I think the Kitchenaid has just a slight advantage.UPDATE:  I'm liking this scoop more and more.  When ice cream is really frozen hard this scoop with the pointed end outdoes them all! Four Stars Now
OXO makes nice kitchen products that are reasonably priced and are of a high quality.  This ice cream scooper is another example of this and is a nice purchase.  The primary distinction between this and your average scooper is that this one has pointed edges.  This makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box, especially when it's hard.  It also helps with getting to ice cream out of the corners.  My only con of this scooper is that due to the shape, you won't be able to get perfect round balls of ice cream.  Of course, that is a minor issue and shouldn't be a reason to avoid buying it.
...no kidding, and that number is just what's for sale on the Amazon website.The problem with chrome covered plastic...is that it's chrome covered plastic.  Not really dishwasher safe in practical use, and in fact it's pretty risky to the finish just to let such a material soak in water as you might in the sink.  So with this new scoop, I'm firmly reminding myself to wash it off after using, no soaking - get it dry and put away.  But that kind of diligence is not always easy to manage, so it's a factor in deciding between all the brands and models out there.I don't necessarily expect this scoop to "snap" faster than an all-metal kind might.  Base metal is really not always that strong, and certainly metal can bend.  (15 seconds in the microwave can save tool and hands without seriously melting your dessert, though perhaps ice cream purists shudder at the thought.)The shape of the scoop lends itself wonderfully to getting hardened ice cream out, not so much to forming a pretty, round cone.  If that's your priority, you may want the lever/trigger type of cone, or perhaps a non-stick rounded version.  Again, see what else is out there - I'm partial to Oxo's ergonomic features, and with everything from mini-scoopers to a spade, Oxo has a lot of preferences covered.If I wear this unit out quickly, I will probably take a second look at Oxo's (more expensive) all-stainless version of this scoop.  But considering I've tried all sorts of scoops over time and all have had their drawbacks, I'll consider a few year's good use to be decent value.  Will update this review if the scoop proves downright fragile, though!
I had my doubts about this item because it felt a little flimsy when I removed it from the box. It's lightweight and the handles seemed a little small. However, it worked flawlessly and made super-smooth mashed potatoes. It's very easy to press the potatoes through the holes.The only downside is that it takes a little time because you can't fit a whole potato in the ricer, you need to cut the potato into workable chunks, and it's a little bit messy. But the consistent smoothness is well worth it. I liked this much, much better than a standard masher.A couple of tips: make sure you use soft enough potatoes (I used russets) and place the potato so that the peel faces the top, not the holes. You also must remove the peel each time you press (that's where the messy part comes in.)Recommended!
I'm ready!This replaces a 30 year old potato masher that is rusted.P.S. The spaetzle recipe worked despite my clumsiness. A few times, the structure of the ricer prevented my overturning the dough or the ricer in my nervousness.  This is a very sturdy and well-built ricer.
How I've missed hashbrowns.  There are no Waffle Houses in our area and that was usually where I got my hashbrown fix.  They make them buttery and crisp... just some of the best in the business.In fact, I had nearly forgotten about hashbrowns until a friend mentioned that they were making some, and when I asked how, she pointed me to the OXO Potato Ricer.IT IS SO EASY to do.  (slap-hand-to-forehead)  You clean your potato.  You grate your potato while the pan is heating --with butter or light olive oil.  You use the ricer to squeeze out all the excess moisture.  You scoop the potato shreds out and then spread in the pan (with or without onions).  Season and cook until crispy and golden.I couldn't be happier.  In the last two days I've made hashbrowns 4 times.  The Oxo ricer has been easy to hand clean, and in general I've had no problem.  I will note though that there are no side holes which means that some of the fluid accumulates above the plunger.  I also don't think that it would necessarily come as clean by putting it in the dishwasher.Pam T~mom/chief bottle washer and cook
I received these as a bridal shower gift and I love them. They are the perfect size and weight and seem very strong and durable. Stains do not set on these and I love the rubbery grip on them. A great value, you will use these forever without having to replace them.
OXO products are usually very good.  They are designed with consumer comfort and ergonomics in mind.  They are usually very well made and solid items as well.These tongs are no exception.  The are large enough to give you good reach and distance from oil splatter.  They are absolutely invaluable in cooking, as an extension of your hand to move food items around in pots and pans without burning yourself.  It's so easy to use these to grab steak and flip em, MUCH easier than trying to flip with a fork, spatula, or other devices.  That's because this tool can actually grab and pick up food.  The rubber on the handles makes it very comfortable and helps with heat - I still wouldn't leave it in pot of hot water though, the stainless steel goes throughout, so it will still get hot, the rubber just helps.  The locking mechanism is strong and stable.  The entire thing is easy to wash and clean.  I haven't had any problems with these at all and would recommend them to anyone.If there was any improvements to be made, it would be to maybe have non-stick tips that were a little gentler on breaded foods.  Some kind of rubber/silicone/non-stick tip would be my next set of tongs.  I would like to have both versions.  The stainless steel tips have good grip, so I wouldn't want to sacrifice that.  So I think having one of each would be perfect.
Over the last few years we have taken to drinking a bottle of wine with dinner nearly every day. Does that make us lushes? Perhaps. Does it make us corkscrew experts? Definitely. We have almost every type of corkscrew made, from the big, bulky Houdini to the super simple waiters' model. We even got an electric one as a gift. The Oxo one is a butterfly model, designed to make opening wine bottles idiot-proof. It's almost there - we found it easy to use. And if your hands are wet a lot, or slightly arthritic, I can see how this may be a great choice. That said, it isn;t very quick. Once you cut the foil (you're on your own for that, no foil cutter is included) and position the Oxo above the cork, you'll be doing lots of cranking. Nothing terrible, but definitely one of the slower ways to open a bottle. If you're a lush like us, your best bet is on of the articulated waiter's models. Once mastered, those will open a bottle as fast as a houdini, without all the bulk. However, if you're an occasional drinker, or want to get something for an older person, the Oxo is an excellent choice.
The first time that I used this corkscrew I thought it was going to break but so far it has held up well. Since it is made of plastic I was hesitant to apply too much pressure but it is tougher than it looks. I like the Teflon coating on the screw and the fact that it's dishwasher safe. There doesn't seem to be anything that can rush on this corkscrew.Simply turn the knob and the screw will drive into the cork and the wings will rise, and then apply pressure to the wings and it will remove the cork fairly easily.Sure there are many corkscrews that are fancier but they will come with a much greater price tag. This corkscrew gets the job done and is priced very well. So far I have no complaints.
I'm a big fan of most OXO products.  This wine opener is not as slick as most OXO products I have.  Mainly due to fact it is somewhat bulky and all the bulk is plastic - not sure how long this will survive banging around in my utensils drawer before plastic cracks.  My other wine opener has much less plastic and has been very durable (had for several years).  In terms of actually opening wine, the OXO works pretty well - fairly easy and straightforward to get cork out of wine bottle though sometimes OXO can guide down slightly crooked with occasional cork breaking off.Overall 3.5 stars for price / value, lower than my usual OXO rating.  I prefer my other corkscrew I bought on Amazon for around same price.h
Because this is my first cork screw that I have owned that hasn't been part of a swiss army knife, I wasn't prepared for this little wonder. The OXO makes opening a bottle of wine or oil effortless. The plastic handle feels good in my hand and a few twists the cork easily slides out of the bottle.Just as an additional praise for this corkscrew, I bring this with me when I go over to people's houses just in case a need might be found. I try not to be "that guy" but when your corkscrew looks this good it is hard not to demonstrate.
I like OXO products, and this easy-to-use corkscrew is no exception to that rule.  It has clean lines, a simple to use design, and pulls out corks with very little skill or effort needed.But I did find removed rubber corks got stuck in the corkscrew if the worm was screwed all the way down as one would normally remove a natural cork; there wasn't enough cork sticking out of the mechanism to get a decent grip, combined with the rubber's natural stickiness, this required a pair of pliers to extract the removed cork.  So this corkscrew seems best for natural corks, though this rubber cork may have been just an aberration.The corkscrew does fall a bit short in the materials department.  The matte-black plastic is on the plain side, and could use the aesthetics of the OXO Steel lineup.  Time will tell if the plastic body holds up to regular use, I'll update if the corkscrew breaks.  Despite the relatively low consumption rate of my household, I've had several fancy corkscrews fall apart under normal usage, part of why I've preferred simple (but harder to use) corkscrews.While I'm still a fan of the old-fashioned "waiter's corkscrew" (a very small, simple device that depends on bracing on the edge of the bottle, the integrity of the cork, and a dash of manual dexterity), this one is much easier to use, and the girlfriend prefers it.  So while it won't fit in my pocket, it is Recommended.
This is a very good winged corkscrew  quite easy to use. This is probably just as sturdy as anything else that is out there these days.  The plastic does seem a bit flimsy to an old person like me because I remember when all plastics were  flimsy. I am Arthritic but had  no trouble a tall using it.
I love salads and this salad spinner allows me to dry my greens after a good wash.Its easy push button top allows you yo hug your spinner then jam on the breaks.It is fast becoming my favorite kitchen tool.
This thing is awesome and with over 300 reviews and a near perfect 5-star rating you already know this.  We use ours almost everyday.  The only complaints I have are that you can't really clean underneath the lid where the spin mechanism is and the thing is not dishwasher safe.  Minus a star for those reasons.
I love salad, especially green salad. These days you cannot be too careful with the lettuce you purchase at the store. E-coli or salmonella seem to be a common concern.First of all you wan clean lettuce. You use this bowl, take lettuce leaves apart in bite size pieces, fill with water, insert lettuce, don't crowd, swish round and then empty. If there is grit in the bottom, wash lettuce again. Then insert into spinner. You need at least three or four complete turns. Empty water, and then spin again to make sure all the waters gone. A good green salad uses only dry lettuce.Use three or four different lettuces for your salad. Clean them all. Make a large bunch, and then save some for the rest of the week. Wrap the greens in paper twel and place in a reveal able plastic bag. The lettuce will stay god for three or four days.Use a nice balsamic homemade dressing or use lemon, salt and pepper. Delicious!Recommended. prisrob 06-10-13
The Large size OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner seems to be well made. The gauge of plastic used is heavier than most other models, and the rubber-edged bottom keeps the spinner from sliding around. Easy to clean, and the cover can be disassembled for cleaning as well. Like anything mechanical made of plastic, caution and common sense are in order here: It will last longer if one doesn't press too hard or too quickly on the pump; a few more seconds of patience will put less stress on the mechanism, and keep it functioning longer.
This OXO mini salad and herb spinner seems to be holding up the one I bought 6 months ago hadit's spring break after 5 uses. Cannot understand what's up with these mini salad spinners...the one I've been trying to replace lasted 20 years and the only reason I gave it away was because as my family is grown and I'm only spinning lettuce for one person at a timeI figured this would take up less room in the kitchen. BIG MISTAKE as the newer one seem to havea very fragile mechanism.
This review is from: OXO Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush (Kitchen)This is a good vegetable brush that you can use to scrub dirt off of potatoes and many other vegetables. I can't get excited about it though because I think it would be a lot better if it were a little bigger.The quality of the brush and the deal are pretty good. Sure it fits into the center of a palm, but I think it's marketed to make a weakness sound like strength. I'd like a bigger brush, ideally, with the same quality.
Good brush for use in the kitchen. I use this strictly in the washing of my vegetables and in the removal of silk from the ears of corn.
I have always had mushroom brushes but as I began to include more fresh vegetable in my diet I started looking for a good, all purpose vegetable brush.  That was several years ago and since then I've collected several.  The thing that I like about the Oxo is that it is easy to hold onto even though I have large hands.My only complaint is that it is a little soft for giving potatoes that thorough scrub that they need.  It works but I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles (which I have so no big deal).  I've owned this for close to a year and it looks like new.  I have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years.
Well named, the best attribute of the Oxo Good Grips Vegetable brush is its rubber grip, which is oval shaped with a rounded top, and fits near perfectly in the palm of your hand, allowing you to get a rock solid grip, and effectively apply cleaning force.  The bristles are short, (0.6 inches), and of moderate stiffness, so when you scrub, there is some give, but not a lot, and with a palm sized brush, you know exactly where the bristles are.  The rubber grip remains easy to hold, even when wet.  The brush is a little pricey, but it is very well designed, and feels great in your hand.  It does a very good job of cleaning vegetables, and at other general cleaning tasks.Unless the product has been redesigned, the brush pictured does not appear to be current version of the Good Grips Vegetable brush.  The brush in the photo looks more circular rather than oval, and rather than having ridges that circle around the edges, the sides of the Good Grips brush are smooth.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is its limited use and capacity! Handy to have around for small tasks where only one hand is required. Easily cleans. Nice grip that doesn't slide.
This strainer looks nice and has a solid feel. I expect it to last a very long time. If you're looking for an ordinary hand-held strainer, this is a fine choice. Perhaps it would be nice if the handle were lighter so that the mesh could sit on a pot without having to be held in place; you'll need a separate strainer to do that. But for most purposes, this is excellent.
I had a "Clean-edge" can opener that work for its first 90 days, then couldn't open a can of soup without going around it three times and then prying it up with a butter knife.So, I replaced it with this, the OXO Steel Can Opener. It opens cans. Every time, on the first pass around the rim, it opens the can. That's the first requirement for a can opener, after all, isn't it? If something feels like heaven in the palm of your hand and is scented like fresh roses, but won't open a can, then it's a failure as a can opener.This one is not.It is also better than the average can opener, because it does have a more comfortable grip and a wider turn-knob for opening. Now, I don't open a dozen cans a day. I open one or two a day, so I'm not really stressed about how this would feel after hours of use. I do know that there is no dread after working with other things of "Oh, bother, that can opener hurts." Ergonomics-wise, it's a plus.Appearance? I chose not to frame my can opener to keep it on display, because it just wasn't beautiful enough for that. I keep it in a drawer, instead. Not because it's ugly but because it's a utensil and I just do not care if a guest who is present while I'm opening a can has nothing better to say than "Ooh, pretty can opener!" We bought a nice-looking mixer because it's out all the time. The can opener's not ugly, but I can't bring myself to care about that either way.It's a good can opener.
I use this nearly everyday.  When I chop stuff, I use it to scrape up all the goodies and put them in the container.  I also use it to clean off my prep area for food and flour.  When I make dough I can cut it in pieces with it and it had a nice ruler on the end.  Then I just put it into the dishwasher and it cleans up easily.  I can't imagine not having one now.
I purchased this OXO Pastry tool because I've taken on the task of baking more and more of my families bread.  ((This has been made easier, by the way, because of the techniques in this book:Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day: The Discovery That Revolutionizes Home Baking.  It really does provide some easy options.))What I found with the technique in the book I mentioned was that I need to not 'disturb' the dough, but rather I needed to cut it cleanly.  And none of my regular knives were working out at all.This OXO chopper works great.  It's very sharp and cuts through the dough cleanly.I would give it Five-Stars except for one thing and that is the black handle.  It's well designed as far as shape, but it's made from that junky black plastic that Oxo started using sometime back, and I've found that after a number of dishwashings that the black stuff begins to deteriorate so that it leaves gooky-greasy smudges on other items.Consequently, since I want it to last, I hand wash.Definitely recommend.  Excellent price (currently under 10) and works well.
Yes, it's good at what it does: scraping. As an added bonus, there are measurements on the scraper in case you really need to get precise with the dough you're scraping off the counter. This thing does a great job of cleaning up the countertop after kneading bread and getting flour all over the place. So it really does do more than scraping: you can use it to divide dough, clean gunk off the counter, release sticky dough from a smooth countertop, measuring something that's less than 4" long, fight ninjas, etc.
I have quite a few Oxo products and have always been pleased with them.  Oxo makes great products.I really like the color measurement markings on each spoon, but other reviewers have mentioned the size measurements coming off after use. I have tried scratching them and they appear that they will hold up.  I hand wash many of my items so hopefully that will never become an issue.  I have no difficulty reading the numbers on the measuring spoons as other reviewers have also mentioned.These spoons are heavy duty and I expect to have them around a long time.  These are much sturdier than metal measuring spoons that I own.  I really like the fact that the spoons are easily removed from the connecting ring.The only reason I did not give them product 5 stars is that the ring is bulky and does take up room in the drawer where I keep my measuring spoons and I do not like hunting down measuring spoons so I will keep them on the ring and use them as I need them.  Even if the spoons are removed from the ring, they do not nest together well.Bottom line - if you want a good reliable product, buy Oxo.
About once a month,  I devote an entire day to making large batches of stews, soups, etc.. in my slower cooker, pressure cook  and on the stove in various large pots.  I then freeze them in smaller packages for future dinners.  These spoons arrived exactly on time for my cooking marathon today and got a good test run.It is hard to say anything new or original about measuring spoons, but here goes.....I tested them against other measuring spoons that I normally use and they appear to be accurate.  I like that the individual spoons snap off of the ring.  That way I don't have to fiddle around with the key ring circular type of holder or a little key chain or use what I need and then have to wash the entire set - not that that is a big deal, but I do like the option of easily separating them.I love that the set contains 1/8 teaspoon and 1/2 Tablespoon measures - very practical and convenient.  I also like the non slip surface.So far the one con and thus only a four star rating, is that the colored measurements on each spoon are small and a little difficult to read, especially on the smaller spoons.I have read numerous reviews which state that the colored measurement wears off rather quickly, even with hand washing. Only time will tell if this will happen to my set, hopefully not, but I will have to deal with that if and when  it happens.The spoons are like all OXO products, study and feel good in my hand.  All things being equal, I am very pleased with these spoons and I look forward to using them frequently.
We do a lot of baking in our household so we were eager to get our hands on this OXO measuring spoon set.  We own other OXO products and find they are high-quality products.These spoons are another solid product.  I like the in-between sizes, as our previous measuring spoon set did not contain all these sizes.  The plastic ring is nice because you can just pull off whatever size you need, instead of taking all of the spoons off the ring.The only negative is that the size lettering is not easily visible on the black color.
I like most all of Oxo products, so ordered these measuring spoons.  They are plastic, and the set even includes the 1/8 teaspoon (smidge).  They are slightly enongated to help facilitate reaching into spice jars.  The only reason I am only giving them four stars is that after using them, I'm not that crazy about "black" measuring implements because it's hard to see if all of the ingredient came out of the spoon.
Oxo is a safe bet for reasonable products at fair prices and these spoons are no exception. There are six spoons in the set with all the sizes you could want. They are quite sturdy and will likely last a long time, though the thick plastic construction keeps the spoons from nesting. This makes them take up more space in the kitchen drawer. The sizes are marked in different colors on each spoon and the sizes are slightly raised so the sizes should still be visible even if the colors should wear off.I am only giving these four stars because they are plastic and a bit bulky. Because of their large size, they can be difficult to fit through small openings. Oxo also has a set of metal measuring spoons, but they are slightly more expensive and the set only includes four sizes.OXO Good Grips Measuring Spoons, Stainless Steel
These rubbery-no-slip measuring spoons are better designed than several other plastic sets I own, and more ergonomic as well.As other reviews have stated, the printed size on each spoon seems likely to wear off with repeated washings (perhaps handwash only to forestall this issue?), but I think the slightly raised lettering would remain discernible even without coloring.You get more spoons than "usual" in this set of 6, but the 1/2 Tablespoon is of questionable value since few recipes call for that odd measure.  The 1/8 teaspoon is more useful since baking recipes I make do use that measure for salt and leaveners.  The spoons bend easily, even alarmingly much-- no using them to scoop equal measures of cookie dough.For sturdiness and longevity, I actually prefer Oxo'smetal spoonswhich feel solid and durable, but cost more per-spoon.Recommended, for plastic spoons, but metal ones preferred.
I chose to review this for Amazon because I needed a new set of measuring spoons.  Since I love the OXO product line, in general, I knew I would love these.Basically I do, but there is only one very minor thing I would change.  The ring is not round, if the ring that holds the spoons together were round instead of oval it would be a lot easier for the spoons to glide around.Aside from the one minor flaw I find these spoons to be excellent.  There are 6 spoons, 1/8, 1/4. 1/2. and 1 tsp.  also 1/2 and 1 tbsp..  the most convenient sizes.the arms of the spoons are very hefty but mildly flexible and thick for easy griping. The spoons bowl is stiff to make sure your measurement is true and it is slick so the food being measured slides out easily. The best feature for me, and makes this set stand out, is the ability to easily remove the spoons from its ring to be able to take the spoon to the recipe and not have to lug around the hole set.All in all it find that these deliver what the company set out to do.Now I can use  set of measuring cups to match this set of spoons.
I liked these OXO measuring cups a lot, but there were some features that I didn't care for.  The pluses: I liked the fact that there  was a 2/3 cup measurement.  I also thought that the non-slip grip on the handle was a real improvement over other measuring cups.  However, I disliked and later removed the plastic band that held all the cups together.  When I am reaching for a specific cup, I don't want to take the time to pull it from its "holder."  I also didn't particularly like the shape of the cups since they took up more room than my round cups in the drawer.
Extra sets of measuring spoons and cups are always welcome as the markings on old ones eventually fade, chip or the spoons/cups are misplaced altogether.These OXO ones have raised markings printed in red on the handle and seem to be wear resistant.  They survived the top rack dishwasher and even once being accidentally put in the cutlery basket.  Only time will tell if they are truly durable due to the placement of the markings (where your thumb would usually be on the handle).In this reissued "new" version of these cups, the markings don't rub off immediately, however it is still recommended to buy these from a place with a good return policy in case you accidentally get one of the older defective ones.The measurements seem accurate enough and were compared by weight equivalent on 2 scales, a digital Salter glass model, and an old brass balance-weight model.
These measuring cups are great because they are elongated and fit more easily into a cannister or container.  I always like OXO products.  Only reason I am giving this four stars is because I've realized that I don't really care for "black" measuring cups because it's hard to see if all your ingredients come out when dumping them into the bowl.
I'm a scientist, so the first thing I did was to test the accuracy of these cups. I placed them on a scale and weighed how much water each one held (1 gram of water = 1 milliliter). I'm happy to report that all of the cups held pretty close to what is stated. Since accuracy is the most important part of a measurement tool, I give it 4 stars for coming through.However, I'm not a fan of plastic, so I'm still going to reach for my metal cups by choice. Unless I'm baking, in which case, a gram scale is really the only way to go.
I first purchased a set of $20 Stainless measuring cups but they didn't agree with the dishwasher so I instead bought these, saved money and they don't mind the dishwasher one bit. They are hard to place however as they won't stay in place very well.They do clip securely to the ring and stack nicely within themselves but finding a slot in my growing drawer of utensils is hard because of their bulky size. Scooping dry ingredients is pretty easy with the angled front lip and overall I'm satisfied.
They're measuring cups and they're $7.99. Every time I get a new set I always say that I'll never lose them since they have the attached strap, but I never, ever, ever put them back together exactly how they should go after I wash them. Ever. But that's my fault, not OXO's. The difference with this set by OXO is that each cup pulls apart from others in the set separately, which means that I don't have to undo the whole set to use 1 or 2 measuring cups. So, maybe this time around I won't be hunting for my lost measuring cups since they're easier to take apart and put back together. But I really like the nesting ability of the cups. They're very compact. I have another set that really takes up a considerable amount of space even when they're nested, so I appreciate the difference that I see in this set.I like all of the sizes they come in as well. It's handy to have the "odd" measurements.Since I had wash my dishes, I cannot tell you how they fare in the dishwasher. What I can tell you is that they are a decent value for the purchase price. I have no issues with them, and don't anticipate them. I've liked OXO as I brand since I first discovered them a few years ago, and the products I have from them are of a decent quality. Not fancy, but definitely decent.
Oxo is a safe choice for good products at reasonable prices and that's true of these cups. There are six in the set so pretty much all of the sizes you might need are covered. The shape is elongated instead of round, so they may be an easier fit into some canisters than round measures. The sizes are marked in different colors on raised lettering, so even if the paint wears off, you should still be able to read the sizes.Because these measures are plastic and not metal, some powdered ingredients seem to slightly stick to them, and oil is a bit harder to clean off. They are also a little bit bulky compared to metal measuring cups. That's why I am only giving them four stars.
As plastic measuring cups go, these are attractive and easy to use.  The Oxo is more sturdy than most others.  The edge is angled, allowing for better compaction when scooping the ingredients.  The scoop is oval, making it a little more narrow, and therefore easier to dip into smaller jars.It's difficult to compare a tool as straightforward as a measuring cup.  Most others will perform the same function with different price points based on the materials used and the manufacturer.Overall, I would recommend these measuring cups.  A less expensive set would also work fine, but Oxo does deliver additional functionality and style.
This is a nice set...I like that they're stainless steel, but given that they're metal I didn't expect that they'd be so easily bent. Without much force at all they do give. It's not a huge problem for me since I'll only use them once in a blue moon for baking. Otherwise they're easy to use and clean, I really like that they come off the ring without taking each one off to get to the last one. Theres just a little notch and you can pull it off. The rubber grip handles are great and I like the colored markings, much easier to spot then if it were etched into the metal. On the whole it's a perfectly good set of measuring cups.
The OXO Good Grips are generally great kitchen tools, well made and long lasting.  These measuring cups are no different.  However, they remind of the defect in old Stanley screwdrivers:  the handles are so comfortable that it is too easy to bend.Pros:-Well made-Accurate measurements-appears to be long lasting-Comfortable to useCons:-Comfortable Handle bends too easily-Handle too heavy, makes cups not very steady on a table top
PROS:Not having experienced the older version of these measuring cups, I'm not quite sure where they've improved, but it seems like this set has very strong handles which would not bend unless someone is purposely trying to bend them with a lot of force. I try to bend them and can barely do so, which leads me to believe they've made that portion much stronger and thicker. The grips do not come off at all, so any past complaints about that feature have been resolved in this new design as well. I like how these are bent at the tip and form a nice spout to pour from. The brushed stainless is nice looking and easy to clean.CONS:The clip which keeps these together has a small opening to remove cups separately. The opening is a bit too small to remove these cups easily and even though I'm sure it will get a bit easier with the product's age, at this point, it's extremely difficult.In closing, I'm pretty happy with these cups and as an avid cook, I'm sure I'll be using these quite often instead of my measuring cup which requires me to view the lines and take away or add as I'm pouring. Now I can just dip the cup in or fill it and I'm good to go!  Great product with one minor caveat.
Pros:This set includes four small cups, which variously hold 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup, and 1 cup of ingredients.The handles have clearly marked measurements.The metal seems sturdy, including the handles.The cups can easily be detached from the plastic keeper ring (which I plan to discard).Cons:The handles are too short. This not only makes the cups slightly harder to hold; they feel unbalanced when full.The rubber coverings on the handles will melt or burn if the cups are used to heat liquid ingredients on the stove, which is one of the main advantages of sturdy metal measuring cups.The cups could be used more flexibly if there were also metal markings on the sides, to divide the one cup into halves, thirds, and quarters, and the half cup into quarters. This would enable you to pre-measure, say, two different quarter cups of ingredients accurately without having to get out yet another measuring cup from some other set.Overall, it's not a bad set of measuring cups but I am glad I already have a burner-proof set with longer handles, plus plastic four-cup and two-cup measuring cups.
Measuring cups are one of those things that are just ubiquitous in a kitchen, and at any given time I probably have two or three sets floating around somewhere. Usually they are plastic, but I thought I would try a set of stainless steel cups.=== The Good Stuff ===* The handles are a very comfortable soft plastic, and are easy to grip and use. One of the nice things about stainless steel cups is you can heat them to melt butter, and the handles stay mostly cool to the touch...as long as you don't get carried away with the heating.* The bottoms are flat, and they sit on the counter without rocking or wobbling. The sizes are well marked, and the stainless steel, handles and markings have all held up to at least a few trips through the dishwasher.* The cups come with a ring which holds the set together. That is too complicated for me, but they do stack nicely inside of each other and take up less room in the drawer.=== The Not-So-Good Stuff ===* The cups are tapered, meaning they are wider at the top than the bottom. I hate this, as it makes it very hard to "guesstimate" fractional quantities. If I want to use the one-cup utensil to measure 1/2 cup, it is difficult to do because of the taper.=== Summary ===They seem like a reasonable addition to my kitchen. The tapered sides are a problem for me, but I like the robustness and comfortable grips. The metal construction is nice for quick heating of ingredients.Many of the earlier reviews mention the handles bending under load. I believe these have been redesigned, because the handles seem very resistant to flexing or bending.
These are nice sturdy measuring cups, and the company has clearly fixed the handle problem. These measuring cups have sturdy handles with nice clear quantity markings on the handle. I do not know if the quantity indicators will hold up over multiple trips through the dishwasher, but so far so good.While these are very attractive cups, they would be more practical if they included lines on the inside to indicate the halfway mark. Without these markings, it is necessary to use (and wash) more cups than might be necessary if, say, the half cup could also be used to measure a quarter cup. I was hoping to use these to replace my cheap plastic measuring cups, but I actually think the plastic ones with the halfway marks are more useful. These are definitely more attractive, and would probably be pleasing to those who care about style.
What do you say about measuring cups? LOL Each cup measures the right amount? Well they do. ;-) Other than that, these are attractive and overall, very sturdy. Some reviewers report an issue with the handles bending with a heavy scoop, but I haven't run into that yet. I don't know if I got mine from a better batch, or if I just hold them differently when scooping. If I try, I CAN bend the handles down, but not in an extreme manner that suggests to me that the metal would eventually fatigue and fail. There is absolutely no question that they will NOT bend when holding a measurement of a liquid.
OXO has again designed a superior product. These cups are sturdy and dishwasher safe.  I can't imagine the handle bending as others have mentioned.  I tried to bend the handle intentionally and it wouldn't budge.  The ring keeps them together in a cabinet or drawer, but the design allows you to easily snap off each cup to use separately.  Good thinking, OXO!  I'm still partial to my circa 1980 Tupperware set because it has 2/3 and 3/4 cup measures, which are very handy.  I deducted a star from these because the set includes only 4 measuring cups.
These measuring cups go great with my stainless steel OXO measuring spoons. They are nice looking and sturdy. There is a way to take them off of the ring, but they do not fall off easily. I read some of the comments on how these had flimsy handles, but this is not the case for me. I put these through the dishwasher and no damage was done to them. They are color coded and stack nicely. I took off one star because for the price, I feel that they should have included an additional 1/8 cup. If you are a fan of stainless steel and need some heavy duty measuring cups, get these.
These are easily the best measuring cups I've ever owned. They are sturdy and easy to handle. At first, I was concerned that their shape would cause them to be unbalanced ... and when they're empty, they do tip over easily. But as soon as they have something in them, they're quite balanced. Some reviewers have mentioned that the handles bend too easily. Yes, they are a bit bendy, but not to the point that would bother me--and certainly nothing like the cheap metal cups on the market. The only thing I don't like about these cups is they don't nest very well. The cups all fit inside one another, but the handles stick up. The picture definitely doesn't accurately represent how they look when stacked together. But overall, I really like these cups, and I definitely recommend them.
I love having stainless steel kitchen gadgets since they tend to last longer than plastic.  These cups are heavy duty and I haven't had any problem with them tipping over.  These are dishwasher safe but I wonder how long they will last due to the rubber handles.  If you want these to last a really long time, they can't go into the dishwasher.  Some reviewers complained about the flexibility of the handles but mine are stiffer.  Not sure why the discrepancy.  These have since replaced my pamper chef sliding measuring cup and the old plastic ones my husband has been holding onto for years.
OXO's updated stainless-steel measuring cups are a handy kitchen essential. I already own a similar set from Williams Sonoma and was able to put the OXO set through its paces and make several scoop-to-scoop comparisons over the course of several cooking marathons. Overall, they held up well and the measurements were accurate, so I can recommend them. A quick note on storage - the shape of the bowls means these take up more space than straight-sided measuring cups, but even nested they are probably compact enough in height to fit in a shallow utensil drawer; they fit in our shortest drawer.As for ergonomics, I like the relatively wider handles and the rubberized grips, and don't mind the tradeoff of not being able to use these cups on the stove as mini-pans for melting butter, which is something you can do with an all-metal cup. Note that Amazon currently sells the updated version of this set, which means the handles flex but are durable and not saggy. I'd had a chance to handle the earlier design and opted against it because of the flimsiness of the handles, so I'm glad to be able to say that problem has been fixed. All four cups work very well when you need to dip into dry ingredients.The bowls of these OXO cups are tapered, which can make it slightly easier to measure ingredients that call for "packing," such as brown sugar. The relatively wider openings also make them raw-egg-friendly, which can be a boon when baking, whether you are separating eggs or simply wanting to crack and inspect each egg before adding it to batter. In either case, the edges are sharp enough to crack the shells efficiently.
.If you like heavy, solid feeling kitchenware, you'll probably like these.PROs:- Stainless steel- Heavy - feels like quality- Grippy handles- Highly visible labels (1/4, 1/3, 1/2, etc.)OKs:- Stove-top use is possible - like tiny saucepans- Dishwasher safe- The handles can bend, but not real easilyCONs:* No gradation lines. (2-1/2 cup measurement means dirtying two cups)* Expensive- No microwave use~~~ Comments & questions welcome ~~~
This kind of item is what it is, and is fairly easy to judge.  A set of four cups from 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, to the one full cup range.  Typically, I would not use these for liquids because they are full to the top, so they are mostly used for baking with powders, beans, nuts, candies etc.  Accurate measurement is often the cornerstone of good cooking, so having accurate volumes is good.  The cups have a non-slip silicon handle, and are clearly labled to say what size each one is.  In the past, I used a one cup pyrex measure, but either had to dry it after using it for liquids or put the power aside and transfer it to the liquid measure later.A word about glass, plastic or multi-cup graduated measures, it's hard to get the right level.  With these you fill completely and just scrape the excess flour, salt, etc off the top and you have a full measure.  It would be nice if it had included a few more cups for smaller measures, but then most people have a small meaure set, often ringed together.  I have a plastic double ended dipper that was graduated for use with salt, sugar, and yeast for use with a breadmaker. These cups are on a ring, so you can conveniently hang them on a nail or hook nearby, where you might use them frequently.Be mindfull of the issues with metal cups, they won't microwave, and with acidic foods, and wet sushi rice, they can change the taste of the food significantly. Dry powders are the use they are designed for mainly.  I use little glass bowls to melt butter, chocolate, butterscotch morsels, and other baking essentials, you can pour it into the cups after you microwave, if you need to be precise. In a pinch, you can use them to melt chocolate in a pan with some heated water, this works as a crude double boiler.  Something every kitchen needs, they go well with all the other bowls and utensils in the OXO line of kitchen goods.
I have a plastic set of measuring cups,Progressive GT-3520 International 19-Piece Measuring Cup and Spoon Set, and I love them because they come in so many different measurements (from 1/16th all the way up to 2 cups). However, I am always plastic-conscious and looking for alternatives. These OXO measuring cups are nice, especially since they are dishwasher safe (so are the plastic ones, but I don't like putting them in the dishwasher). They are very sturdy and the handles are easy to grip. However, they have two flaws. First, you only get four sizes of measuring cups, and it's always nice to buy a full set all at once instead of in parts. Second, they don't nest very well. The plastic set that I have stacks MUCH better and saves a lot more space. I keep my measuring cups in a drawer and cannot stack all four of these OXO measuring cups- my drawer won't shut. I CAN do that with 4+ of my plastic ones. If you don't mind their poor stackability and the lack of many sizes of measuring cups, I would definitely recommend these. OXO consistently makes high-quality products at an affordable price.
When I needed an extra set of measuring cups for my crafting--I like to keep my food items separate from cups used to measure non-food and could-be toxic items--the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups were just the thing.Obviously, the design is updated as stated, meaning that the flimsiness of the handles mentioned in so many of the older reviews has been reengineered.  After measuring grout and other substances of similar weight, I had no problems with the sturdiness of the handles.Most of the time I use these measuring cups to quickly measure parts.  I might need two parts of one substance and three parts of another.  My measurements are swiftly made by dipping the appropriate measuring cup into a bin and pulling out the part that I need.  Exactness is not always an issue in this case as I might be measuring dried herbs to mix in a potpourri.  A little more or less is not going to matter.When I do deal with an overall smaller quantity, I would have liked the cups to be tiered like the nylon Calphalon Measuring cups I use for measuring food items.  These Calphalon cups are actually divided in half so that the top has a bigger evenly sized lip.  If I fill only the bottom part of this cup, I know that I am getting exactly half of what I need in dry measurement.  In fact these cups are actually labeled in that way.  I have an actual cup that is labeled 2/3's  and the bottom half will be labeled one third.  These cups are a dream to work with!  Unfortunately, the OXO cups are smaller on the bottom than they are at the top, making exact measure taking when trying to estimate a half or third of that not as precise.  The OXO set only includes four cups:  a cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup and 1/4 cup.  The labeling is color coded on the rubber portion of each handle.  As I said this is nice for quick "parts" measurements," but my Calphalon set really excels because it includes 4 tiered cups that go down to eighths.Bottom line?  The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel with Updated Design are a nice standard no frills measuring cup set.  The cups are sturdy with strong rubber coated handles.  If OXO wanted to make this set better, they could offer a 3/4, 2/3 and 1/8 cup so that most bases are covered.  Recommended for a starter kitchen.Diana Faillace Von Behren"reneofc"
Overall, OXO has released very reliable kitchen gadgets and we have owned several items including other measuring cups for several years.One of the best features of the OXO tools is the grips-they are very comfortable for repetitive movements or when needing extra stability. We have numerous other sets of measuring cups ( one of us loves to bake especially during the holidays), and this set is my favorite.They are sturdy, have comfortable grips, the slanted edges which makesworking with even sticky ingredients ( like peanut butter and honey) easier. The loops on each cup are designed to allow them to easily snap on and off for quick and easy use. Also, the handle is firm, unlike previous OXO measuring cups where the handle would bend even with relatively lights ingredients such as flour.I would have given these 5 stars, if the handles were 1 cm longer, and riunded at the ends. They poked me in the palm of my hand. Still highly recommended especially if you bake a lot!
Overall these are nice cups--not as heavy as some, but sturdy enough for use in my kitchen. The handles are comfortable to grasp, though this is something I don't usually consider. (I like a comfortable chair and a comfortable pillow, but not once have I ever thought, gee, I wish I had comfortable measuring cups.)These are my two reservations: the metal edge on these is turned slightly outward all the way around. This is not problem when working with solids, but I've noticed my liquids seem to spill much more easily with this edge. Second, though comfortable to grasp, the handles would be more practical if they were slightly longer and narrower. So these aren't bad, but for the money, I think you can find something designed a little better.
In general I really have liked these measuring cups.  With the updated design, I have not noticed a problem with bending handles.  I do wish that the whole cup and handle were stainless steel though as the numbers tend to rub off of the rubber.  I also am left wishing there was a 2/3 cup and 3/4 cup measuring cup.  One feature that I really like is the shape of the measuring cup.  It makes a slight spout which is great for scooping.  Stainless steel is also great for measuring hot liquids, which I always had to do separately when using my old plastic ones.  They come on a nice ring with easy on and off slits as well for easier storing.
The updated version of these OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design, are sturdy, reliable measuring cups. I understand that OXO, having heard from previous reviews that there was a need to correct this set of measuring cups, and they have done so brilliantly. These are reliable for all types of kitchen, and come in handy when precise measurements are the only way to go. They are actually very plain looking, but that does not take from the fact that they work beautifully for what they are designed to do.OXO has proven over and over, to be the one to look for first, in all kinds of kitchen products. Without reserve, I would say that OXO is at the top of the heap in all the gadgets they make. The measurement markings are easy to read, and according to the company, should last through the course of time. The handles are sturdy and all signs indicate they will remain so for years to come. Plus the fact that the handles have a soft grip, which helps as well. They stack up well with each other, and should be no problem placing them anywhere within easy reach.  They have a ring that keeps them all together and can easily be hung if available space and conditions are met. The ring is sturdy as well, like this whole set, it gives the feeling they are here to last. Once again, a great shout out to Amazon.com, the one and only, for giving us the chance to try this efficient set of measuring cups.Everyone that bakes knows that when it comes to precise ingredient measurement, nothing beats a set of good measurement cups, and with this set OXO once again delivers a product every bit as good as its long lines of products. We have the best can opener from them, a great strainer, potato masher, I should probably stop now, for there is no doubt we favor OXO, and always seems to be our first choice when selecting things we need to have in the kitchen. This one is definitely a keeper! 4.5 Stars!
These OXO measuring cups do what they are intended to do.  Accurately measure ingredients.  I noticed that some other reviewers reported problems with them tipping over, I did not have this problem at all.  They are a little heavier than most of my measuring cups, but that doesn't bother me at all.  Set of four that clip together when not in use so you don't have to hunt all over for a certain size.  Easy to clean.  I like them.
OXOThe measuring cups are a quality product. The only two things I had against them were that you cannot see potential there polls through the stainless steel and there was no place on the container or website to see what the percentage of the purity of the stainless steel; such as a teen 10 1888 team zero. These are just really picky things that I look for in a product that is going to be touching foods and beverages. Oxo isn't usually a quality product and they seemed very sturdy and you could read the size of each cup very well on the handle. I would recommend these measuring devices in a kitchen.This is just my opinion but I do like them very much especially the part where you can hang them or take them off of the ring to keep them altogether. I hope this recommendation is helpful
I bake often and have two different sets of measuring cups - the OXO cups now make it three sets. The other two sets I bought for color (one is orange, the other green) and price point (cheap!). The OXO are quite costly for measuring cups (19.99 as of this writing)but, the one thing that makes them stand apart, is that the ring that holds them together is thick and sturdy for easy on, easy off and feels like it will last, unlike the cheap measuring cups I own.Older reviews state that the handles bend - but these don't bend and are sturdy; I feel this might be something they improved? I have a bakers rack that has S hooks attached to the frame, and these hang fine on the S hook. I'm a cheapie, so I don't think I'd be moved to buy these unless I was buying them as a gift for a baker or a person who has a modern kitchen or started to bake on a daily basis (as they are very sturdy)!
My first thought when removing these from the packaging was how sturdy they feel. The rubber on the handle is nice and tight and although I tried to bend the handles, I didn't have any luck. The number imprinted on the hand is big and visible, and the cups easily pop off the included ring with a slight twist. I've had no issues with these cups tipping over when I set them down on the counter and I really like their heft, especially when compared to the flimsy, plastic cups I was using before.My only complaints is that even though I have small hands, the handles are a bit on the short side. Also, the ring isn't attached to any of the cups so it would be possible to lose it. Overall, even though they're a bit on the pricey side, these are very nice measuring cups and I have a feeling I'll be using them for years to come.
I really like these measuring cups.  They are nice and heavy, but not too heavy.  They don't stain like the plastic measuring cups do.  I feel assured that these measuring cups will last for quite a while.  I only wish that OXO would add a couple of "off" measuring cups, such as 2/3 c., 1 1/2 c., etc. like the progressive plastic measuring cups....it's so convenient!
These measuring cups are constructed of a heavy gauge stainless material that should last more than a lifetime under normal use.  The handles are not thick or stiff enough to scoop into thick food such as refrigerated butter. Otherwise, the only other thing that could possibly deteriorate might be the rubberized sleeve on the handles.  However, The cups don't stack so well because of the thick rubberized handles. You have to stagger the handles to get them to stack more flat.  I have a set of plastic measuring cups that stack flat because the top of the handles are equal to the top of the cup. This is the only thing that I can say is not ideal about these stainless cups. With stainless steel you shouldn't have to be concerned about any chemical interaction with food.
OXO Good GripsThe grips have a rubber coating which make them easy to handle, and they are marked clearly for , 1/3, , and 1 cup. The handles are clipped onto a ring, which can be cumbersome to remove/attach. The handles are the same thin-walled stainless steel as the stamped cup. What the manufacturer should have done was rib the handle to reinforce it to prevent bending/flexing when scooping a harder material. I like how it is dishwasher safe, and I can throw them on the top rack.What would make these grips get 5 stars would be smaller measurements (maybe 1 or 2 more smaller cups), and ribbed/reinforced handles to prevent bending.Overall: 4/5 stars
These work well for me. They are thick and sturdy and come off of the clip ring easily. I've only used them a few times to measure liquids and powders while cooking and baking and have had no problems. I read some reviewers said the handles bend. This hasn't happened to me. I don't know if it depends on how you handle them or how heavy the products are, but I am definitely watching for this and like I said, so far, so good. My only issue is that I wouldn't pay $20 for these when cheaper products are available, but that's your decision to make.
I already own measuring cups in plastic. They are fine but the inking tends to fade away with washing.It is not going to happen with those.There are 4 measuring cups: 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.The size is clearly marked on the soft grip handles.They all attach to a hook and can detach easily from it.Some people complained about the handle that bends too easily but the problem seems fixed because mine feel solid.I definitely would recommend them.
This is a review of the new design Oxo Good grips measuring cups.  I also have the old design, the"tippy" one with the bendy handle.I read through some of the old reviews, and got out my old cups to compare.The cup markings all wore off the old ones.  1 cup and 1/2 cup are easy to tell which is which but I sometimes have to measure 1/3 an 1/4 with another cup to tell for sure which is which.In the description of the updated design, the markings are specified as "permanent".  I'm guessing that is a response to complaints of the markings wearing off so we'll see. I kind of picked at the markings with my fingernail but nothing came off at least easily.I set all the cups out and bounced on the handle and didn't find any of the cups from either set "tippy"There is a clear difference in the handle design and I couldn't bend the new one at all.  I agree that the old one is a little "bendy" if you try, but why would you?  All our old ones are intact after several years. (I don't know how long, enough time and use for all the markings to be completely gone.)The one thing I don't really like is the thick rubbery handle.  They are so thick that when you stack them up the handles "fan" up and have a much higher profile for sitting in a drawer - less clearance. Of course if it didn't have the rubbery handle, it wouldn't be Oxo Good Grips.The only brand we have that stacks neatly is "Rubbermaid" and it is made completely of plastic. It does have the size embossed in the bottom of the cup so it will not wear off.  None of our all-metal sets stack neatly, but they don't stick up as much and they have the size engraved so it won't go anywhere.  They have the more "bendy" handles, but none of them have broken.I'm not sure why we need so many measuring cups but we keep looking for the perfect set.
This set includes four dry measuring cups. The sizes (1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup) are clearly printed on the handles, and the text is color-coded to quick identification. These measuring cups are pretty solid (they are made out of Stainless Steel) and have very comfortable handles to hold. These stainless cups are much better than pure plastic measuring cups that can warp and stretch over time. The handles are solid, with no flex.All in all, they are easy to use and ease to clean...except the price is on the high side.
I already have some stainless measuring cups. The problem is that when scooping rice and other things out of containers the handles on those measuring cups bend.Which is why I got these Oxo good grips and they are really nice. They are made of much thicker gauge stainless steel so the handles don't bend. They are quite curvy  and flare out at the top instead of  the sides being 90 degrees. This makes them easier to fill by pouring since the sloping sides draw whatever you are filling the cup with into a wider opening . It's also easier to pour the contents out of them.The rounded shape also makes for easy cleaning, nothing gets lodged into the creases around the edges at the bottom.They have nice comfortable rubber grips in a bright colors. The numbers aren't printed but actually embedded plastic so they won't rub off after frequent use. The set comes with a rubber coated ring that the cup handles clip into with moderate pressure which enables them to stay together much like a key ring.Overall these seem good. Much better than my previous set. Strong, sturdy and they seem to be a quality product that should last a long time.
In just a few short days, these have become our go-to measuring cups for dry ingredients. In addition to being noticeably heavier than plastic cups, they have very comfortable handles, are well balanced, and with their flat bottoms, they sit solidly on the counter when being used.Before using them, I compared measurements with the ones we already have (several brands, including Betty Crocker) to make sure there would be no surprises and they measured the same volumes.Having quality kitchen accessories improves the cooking/baking experience and these stainless steel measuring cups are a pleasure to use.So why 4* and not 5*? I took off a star for the combined reasons of a)really wish a 3/4 cup measure was included (one of my pet peeves about most measuring cup sets) and b)using the attached ring (for storing the cups together & separating them when in use) was not as easy as advertised; I have since tossed that out. Neither of these are reasons to not buy these cups. I can easily recommend them and had I been able to give 4.5*, I would have.
These OXO stainless steel measuring cups have an updated design that includes a strong, solid handle with a grip-friendly rubber-type handle covering. The slightly tapered design is apparently to make scooping and pouring a bit easier, and if you are using the measuring cups as a set you probably don't need to half-way fill one, as this set includes a 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 whole cup. The size is clearly marked on the handle. Since the handles are quite thick these don't stack as nicely as many other measuring cups do. It would have been nice to make the handles a bit slimmer and perhaps have included a 1/8 cup. These are pretty good overall, though I feel the regular price on these is a bit steep and some cup users may not like the feel and thickness of the handles, so I'm not giving a full five stars.
This set of stainless steel measuring cups with easy to grip handles is accurate, or at least its measurements match my other measuring cup sets.  The handles on the current incarnation don't bend (far from it).  The oval shapes are attractive and modern-looking.So what's not to like?  The thickness of the rubber grips means that the cups don't fit into each other compactly.  If you're going to hang them that's not an issue.  But if you want to fit them into a low-depth drawer you may have problems.  Also, the price is on the high end for what you get.To sum up: if you want stainless steel measuring cups and don't need to nest them in a shallow drawer these are fine.  If your drawer is shallow you may want to look elsewhere.  Also, only you can decide if the price/value ratio is right as compared to the alternatives.
I previously used metal and plastic measuring cups and was looking for a new set.  This set is the best of both worlds.  You get a brushed metal body with rubber covered handles.  Each cup has a brightly colored measurement indicator.  The cups all stack inside each other and attach to a large hook.  The hook is a little cumbersome, making it likely you'll knock off other cups while removing the intended cup.  I just keep them stacked on a counter. Quality is decent compared to some of my other cups, including my previous metal cups which were prone to bent handles.  I tried bending these handles intentionally to test durability and they appear to stand up to all but the toughest abuse.  Measurements are 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup and 1 cup.
Sturdy, stylish, comfortable handles, and a good value.  Nice touch making the size markings so they can't rub off.  The smaller sizes are a little tippy because their handle is the same size/ weight as the larger measurements.  While it's conceivable the handles could bend under heavy stress, for the most part, they seem solid and resisted to my attempts to bend them at moderate exertion.  For normal use, they should be fine.  Overall, a good product and a good price.
These are great measuring cups.  They're made of solid metal with plastic handles, each of which is marked with the cup size.I like that these have angled sides, which makes them easier to use to scoop up flour or other dry goods, and they're great for baking, because you can scoop up your ingredients, slide a knife over the top and be good to go.For wet measurements and things that don't require a knife slide (like rice), I prefer Oxo'sAngled Measuring Cups, which let you view from the top down and measure in smaller increments, but for baking, these are terrific.
These perform well.  They are weighty and solid.  They clean up well in the dishwasher.  They are quite handsome and would make an impressive gift.  The only negative is that the smaller cups' handles are just as heavy as the bigger ones, so they can tip over if you aren't careful.
Well, I've had my share of measuring cups, that's for sure.  These will hopefully stand the test of time.  They are big - round - my old ones are oval and you can sort of jam them in your cupboard.  But because these are round, they technically take up more lateral space.  Well, that's certainly not a major issue:  It's because of the sloped sides that the top part of the cups are so wide.  They clip on and off this black plastic ring, and it's not all that easy to take them off and stick them back on.  The rubber handles are nice, and the measurements are slightly raised and each cup has a different color font.  I hope that doesn't wear off over time, but if it does, the font is raised so presumably you could still tell which is which.  I admit the rubber handles don't quite feel like the normal OXO stuff I've seen before.  These feel cheaper.  But I didn't find them as bendy as other reviewers mention.  I tried to bend them and yes they give a little, but with normal use I can't imagine anyone damaging these handles.  They work just fine for me!!!
I'm a big fan of OXO kitchen utensils and tools.  I have many OXO kitchen utensils in my kitchen that are nearly 13 years old and are still looking new after years of frequent use.  I was excited when I got the opportunity to review these stainless steel Good Grips measuring cups.  They're great quality and I'm sure they're bound to last through years of repeated use.The handles on these measuring cups are rubberized giving you a nice comfortable grip.  I did notice with my set that the handles do seem to attract dust and small particles of baking ingredients.  I'm not thrilled about that, but it's better than having stainless steel handles that aren't as comfortable to hold.This set only has four measuring cups.  You'll get cups in the following measurements with this set: 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.  If this set had 1/8 and 3/4 cups I would have given this product five stars.  Many of the recipes I use call for ingredients of either 3/4 or 1/8 of a cup.  I'd much prefer to have to clean one cup to measure out 3/4 vs. using two or having to scoop out the ingredients three times.  It's a pain to have to pack brown sugar into a 1/4 cup three times when a 3/4 cup could have taken care of the job in one shot.  Because the set is missing those two cups that I use on a regular basis, my cheap plastic measuring cups that are 13 years old won't be going anywhere.I do like that you don't have to take all of the measuring cups off the ring to get to the size that you need to use.  My plastic measuring cups are like that and I find it to be a pain in the rear to have to pull half of the cups off to get the one that I need.  The OXO cups eliminate that problem.  You simply pop the cup off the ring and you're good to go.Overall, I think these measuring cups are decent.  For the price I wish they had 3/4 and 1/8 cups, too.  It is a decent quality product that will see you through years of use.
Formerly there seems to have been an issue with "bendy" handles but that is definitely not the case with these measuring cups now.  They are very solidly built, including handles which have a non-slip texture to them.They do have an open notch on the handle so that you can take them off and return them onto the ring they come on but I opt not to keep them on the ring personally.  The handles also have an easy to read and durable-looking label as to each cup's capacity, better than the printed on variety that you find with plastic cups.  Let's face it though, these are stainless steel and are going to be better than plastic cups in every way!  That's what I like about them most, the material they are made with and the solid build.  They are odor-resistant, easy to clean and will probably outlive me!I'm a fan of the oxo brand and have yet to be disappointed by one of their products.  The only reason this is four stars instead of five is there is nothing particularly over-the-top impressive/innovative about them but I do like them.
My other sets of measuring cups are plastic and while they certainly have their uses, I prefer the clean good looks and integrity of stainless steel.  This is a particularly nice set--solid and heavy gauge.  The handles, which had been an issue in an earlier release due to their tendency to bend under weight, have been markedly improved.  They're now strong and reliable and they boast easy-to-read, color-coded permanent measurement markers for ease of use.  The four cups fit on a ring which keeps them all together.  It's simple to remove them, one at a time or all at once and to return them to the fold once they're washed and dried.I do quite a bit of cooking and baking and since I've had them, I find myself reaching for these OXO cups pretty much all the time.  The exception, and this is my only gripe, is when I need a size that isn't represented in this set.  Much as I love it, it would be so much more useful if only OXO had included a few other sizes beyond the 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup and 1/4 cup.  But if those sizes meet your needs, I highly recommend these handsome, high quality measuring cups.
I've only had Pyrex measuring cups and plastic ones through the years. Both of which are showing their age via wear and tear with missing letters and fading measurement indicators.*This stainless steel set is an upgrade, solid, heavy and sturdy.*holds up well BOTH being hand washed and in the dishwasher.*no detectable loss of color-coded imprinted measures on the rubberized handles.*includes  individual 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup measures*connected by a rubber-coated metal oval*cups clip on and off oval ring.These measuring cups won't replace getting a new Pyrex measuring cup because I need to SEE 2/3 and 3/4 cups of ingredients in ONE place. Maybe it's me, but in addition to the 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup measures provided with this set, I'm lost without the 2/3 and 3/4 cup measures included. I'd even be happy with the 1 cup measure being notched for other partial cup measure indicators.Since I'm primarily an empty-nester, having detachable individual cups from their ring is a joy. If my kids were still home, NOT so much. The cups wouldn't have a chance of being re-attached to their brethern when my kids were home. If you share your kitchen with others, this set may require some ground rules, lol!
I would call this the Cadillac set of measuring cups. I've owned a lot of measuring cups over the years: plastic, metal, stainless, glass, but none quite as fancy as these. The only thing they went cheap on was the ring that hooks them all together, it's plastic. (C'mon now, if you're going to make it all fancy, add a stainless steel ring, too.)The stainless finish on these is a nice brushed look, giving it a high end finish and the curved design adds to the visual appeal. The metal is quite thick. They function very well for measuring baking goods. Dishwasher safe and no rust spots, so it's higher quality stainless. The rubber coated handles are very comfortable. I agree with another reviewer that the smaller cups would be a bit tipsy if set on the counter as their base is small relative to the top, but I never set them down while working. The other thing is these cups do not "nest" as neatly as pictured unless they are hooked on the plastic ring. If unhooked the little cups just fall down into the largest cup, looking kind of messy, so you'd want to keep them on the hook.These would make a great wedding gift. I'd have loved to have received such a nice set of measuring cups. I suspect these will last a long time since they're so well made.
We do quite a bit of cooking and baking in our house and own many different sets of measuring cups.  I prefer stainless kitchen gadgets of any type over plastic because of their durability and lack of staining.  After seeing similar Stainless Steel measuring cup sets I knew I had to give the "OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups" a try. Here are my thoughts;Pros+ Stainless Steel design.+ Dishwasher safe.+ Easy grip handles with permanently marked measures.+ Usable on a flat stove top.Cons- Handles can still bend a bit too easily with thicker, heavier ingredients (flour and brown sugar especially).- Can be a bit unstable and tip over at times.The "OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups" were a great investment for any kitchen.  The design is sturdy stainless steel, they're well constructed with easily readable measurements and they're dishwasher safe.  I also like that when I need to melt butter I can use them on our stovetop.  What more could you ask for?  Despite a few Cons regarding the slightly bendable handles and being a slightly unstable from time to time, the "OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups" are a solid addition to any home.
This set of measuring cups have the right feel and balance, and aren't too heavy or too light, as compared to others that we have in the house that are plastic.  It also has a good balance in each of the sizes when you fill them up with either a liquid or powder on the counter and you don't feel like it will tip over.  Overall, I like this set of measuring cups.Note: the pricing here is $19.99 as I type up this review, but I saw the same set at Khol's this week for $13.99.
Does Oxo make anything for the kitchen that isn't first rate? I have an Oxo can opener, Oxo vegetable peeler, mixing bowls, salad spinner, paring knife, offset  serrated knife, strainer, and now these cups. They're made of heavy stainless steel that's not going to dent or rust. The molded on silicone handle coating is thick enough to insulate against heat, and after fruitlessly  trying to pry it away from the metal, I'm pretty sure that it's on there for the life of the cups- which is to say a very, very long time.The cups snap on and off a plastic covered oval ring that makes them easy to store and use. I spent some time snapping them on and off to see if they'd loosen; they didn't. Unlike my Pyrex measuring cup set, these can't be microwaved, and they tend to tip over when placed empty on the counter. But they're ideal for measuring out dry goods, like flour and sugar. I used the 1, 1/2 and 1/4 cup to measure out flour for today's bread batch, and I found they were perfect for measuring out a cup and striking the top level with a small spatula.They're not as good as Pyrex cups for measuring liquid; a glass cup with divisions marked on the side makes it much easier to precisely measure quantities. Hot liquids will cool much faster in a heavy metal cup than in a glass measure, too. Some reviewers have complained that the handles are bendy and the cups are tippy, but my set have very stiff handles, and only the 1/4cup size is at all tippy. Perhaps they upgraded the design somewhere along the way.So: High quality, nearly indestructible, and ideal for dry measures. A bit more expensive than most measuring cup sets, but they should outlast a lot of cheaper sets.
I own many Oxo products, but if you are a new customer to Oxo, I would highly recommend that you start with a product such as this-- Stainless Steel Measuring Cups, because whether you are new to cooking or a seasoned cook, staples like measuring cups belong in every kitchen, because you will find that you will need to rely on them frequently, especially if you are a baker.Not only measuring cups, but measuring cups like Oxo's Stainless Steel Measuring Cups, because they are a heavier weight, not flimsy at all, so that they should stand up to years of use, plus the fact that you do have the option to keep them all together on the included ring.These measuring cups have a sloped design, and do sit flat on your kitchen counter.  I had no problem using them in either round or square containers.If I could make an improvement it would be to make the handles a little longer, so if you need to go deeper into a container it would be easier to get the measuring cup back out.  The handles on these measuring cups, like all Oxo products are very comfortable in your hand, which I love since I do have some dexterity issues.The other thing I might improve on these measuring cups is that yes, you can clearly see what each measuring cup can hold, but I think I would have made the numbers a tad more raised.  I do hope that over time that the measurements are still clearly visible.There are no measurements inside each cup tho.
You can't really go wrong with OXO stuff. Their products are of good quality and has some thoughtful design elements, even for the most mundane everyday items like a set of measuring cups. Decent weighted stainless steel cups. Soft black plastic handles have the measurement stamped into it in a contrasting color so that when the color fades, you can still see what the measurements are. Other reviewers said the handles bend if you are scooping hard/dense items...like packed brown sugar. I haven't experienced too much trouble in this area. But I do have three sets of spoons that I use for different things. For example, my All Clad ones can be used on the stove top to melt butter. Anyway, measurement amounts are comparable to my set of Progressive International plastic mesuring cups ($10) and All Clad measuring cups ($50), which I also like very much. This was a $20 set. Nice addition to my collection. You won't be disappointed to add them to yours. I gave these 4 stars... but they're more like 4.5.
****These babies are never going to bend at the handle or anywhere else under ordinary use, even digging into hardened brown sugar.(Speaking of which, the slightly spoutlike shape is well-designed for just that.)****Speaking of which, there's nothing to break because each is a solid piece of what I assume is steel, as opposed to their being two pieces welded or riveted together.  And it IS solid, i.e., it's thick-gauge metal.Speaking of which, these are so heavy that even the 1/4-cup measure sits up just fine without tipping over towards its handle.  (The one-cup version, empty, weighs 2-1/8 ounce.  The 1-cup measure weighs 4-3/8 ounce.)****Speaking of which, the handles of OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design are clad in that black rubbery stuff that OXO is so obsessively proud of.  One benefit is that, in the unlikely event the metal gets heated so hot you couldn't handle the handle's heat, the rubbery stuff will provide insulation.  Another benefit is that it's a little bit grippier than if your oil-covered hands were trying to hold plastic or even metal.  I was concerned that this arguably unnecessary part would be a net negative because nasties such as bacteria and cooties could hide and proliferate in the space between the metal and the rubber, but the seal is pretty darned tight.  This surprised me.  (Also, without the rubber handles the method of collecting the cups into one unit for storage, which is to snap them onto and off from a plastic ring, simply would not work with bare metal.)Speaking of which, the product is dishwasher safe.****Speaking of which, the finish on the inside has a very slight texture to it, in the form of rings.  It seems to me these are bound to make cleaning at least a little bit more difficult, not to mention pouring out the contents.  The bottom is smooth, so I don't understand why OXO would go out of their way to add these rings (and spend extra money for them, which costs us, the consumers).  For this I subtract 1/17 of a star.Speaking of which, I have two more complaints, both about the size designations that are inlaid into each of the four handles, viz., 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1.  First, there's room on each handle (they're identical in size and shape) to include not only the Fahrenheits but the Celsiuses, i.e., 60 ml, 80 ml, 120 ml, and 235 ml.  We Americans should have switched from the all-day-long stupid Imperial system of weights and measures to the metric system back when Jimmy Carter was president, and we still should.  Quick, how many tablespoons in 1/8 cup?****Speaking of which, I'd have paid a little extra for a 1/8-cup cup, for which I subtract 5/17 of a star from 5.Speaking of which, at $19.99 for the set these four measuring cups are pricey, at least compared to the same four sizes in theQuality 4 Piece White Measuring Cups - Molded-In Lettering - BPA Free, which sells for $1.49, which makes the product under review 13.4 times more expensive but probably not 13.4 times better, for which I subtract another 5/17 of a star.  Going the other direction, you can spend 13.4 times more than what the product under review costs for theCrosby & Taylor (Tin Woodsman Pewter) Super Post, Measuring Cup and Spoon Set, Featured in Paula Deen, Dragonfly (SUP5), which is 13.4 squared, or 179.56, times crazier than the cheap set.Speaking of which, for those of you who expect this from my Amazon reviews, I did go ahead and go beyond the usual testing.  Unlike, say, a flat-screen TV, this set of measuring cups is entirely waterproof.  I know because I tossed both into my neighbor's swimming pool, recovered them, let them dry for 96 hours, and tried to operate both.  I do not recommend that you yourself perform this test unless you have a surfeit of operable flat-screen TVs to the tune of one, which I myself now no longer have.Five stars minus one seventeenth of a star for the pointless texture minus five seventeenths of a star for the missing one-eighth cup measure minus another five seventeenths of a star for the high price equals approximately four point three five two nine four one one seven six four seven, which I'm going to go ahead and round to 4 stars.****
These sturdy measuring cups are stainless steel with soft plastic grips over the metal handles. The sizes of the cups are printed on the top of the handle in raised letters which are also color coded. The set comes with 4 different size cups. The sizes are 1 Cup, 1/2, 1/3 and 1/4. The cup shape is slightly tapered which facilitates using them as scoops. All four attach to a sturdy plastic ring. You can snap one cup at a time from the ring to easily use them individually. I hang the whole set from a hook on the wall of my kitchen.As to possible issues, some people might miss having a 3/4 or 2/3 cup size. The handles could also be a little longer. It would also be nice to have intermediate size markings on the cups.Overall these seem quite good. Much sturdier than my previous set or most sets you will find in stores. The fact that they are stainless steel means that they are non-reactive and can be used with any type of food. They seem to be a quality product that should last a long time.
I love OXO Good Grips products and my kitchen is loaded with them. When I saw these measuring cups in the Vine newsletter, I was delighted. There is no question that the grips are good and you're not likely to find a cup of flour sprinkling over your floor as the handle slides through your fingers. There are a couple of things worth noting here. First, having measuring cups attached to a ring is fine. The ring can be hung on a pegboard or hook (as I have on my kitchen workstation). But the cups are a bit resistant to being removed from that ring. I got the equivalent of a paper cut while wrestling one of them off. A cook who is elderly (less strength) or one with arthritis might find it difficult. This can be avoided by not using the ring, but if you don't use the ring, you must then put the cups in a drawer rather than hang them up.  Second, the cups are stainless steel. Very solid and sturdy and I bet they'll outlive me. But that means they're heavier than the usual thin metal or plastic. 1/4 cup of anything is not likely to be a problem, but a cup of something heavier might be a bit uncomfortable for the same people mentioned above. Most cooks, though, are neither frail, elderly, nor arthritic. If you're a young or middle-aged healthy cook, you won't have any problems. The cups are color coded with slightly engraved measurements, which is quite nice, and they are dishwasher safe. I have several sets of measuring cups in plastic and metal, and the OXO cups are of a far better quality than the others. One thing I would like to see, if they ever update their design: little pour spouts or notches. With dry ingredients, you don't need it, but water, oil, milk, melted butter or eggs would make less of a mess with a little spout.
I've had this product for about 2 weeks now. Here are a couple observations: (1)The handles are somewhat short for my liking but i like the non-slip material its padded with. (2) The handles also bend very slightly with heavier ingredients but its nothing major and doesnt seem like it will break at all. (3) I like the large sizing numbers on the handles, easy to see and helpful. Overall they do a good job and i dont think you would be disappointed if you bought them
Heavy-duty metal cups, it seems likely I'm going to be handing these off to my heirs.  The rolled edge makes scooping clean and easy, and the workmanship seems excellent- the materials feel like good quality.  The rubberized handles are nicely non-slip.But that very sturdiness turns into a ding against these cups.  At twice the weight of our plastic Kitchenaid cups (about 4.4oz for the 1-cup Oxo), they're a little too heavy for the GF's taste, and I found myself wishing they had slightly longer handles for better leverage.  The Oxo's handles are the same length as my plastic measuring cups.  The short handle on the heavier cup feels unbalanced in the hand (and that's made worse by the rubberized "gripping area" being shorter than the handle).I like these cups for their solidity, for being durable products in a throw-away age, and for the aesthetic of the stainless steel construction.  But they really need better handles...
These OXO measuring cups look a little strange but work well, and do not tip over easily. Each cup does contain the the amount marked on the handle. The handles are comfortable but a little short. The slightly strange shape probably makes them better at preventing spills  than the traditional cylindrical shaped kind of measuring cups. The shape is stable but  looks a bit unstable. These are fine though I'll probably stick with my older cups which have longer handles and don't look like they are melting. I am  revising my review to say that we are now using these all the time and they are fantastic for dealing with dry goods.
These are really well made measuring cups that, true to the branding, have good grips. However, they are missing two things we would like to see in a measuring cup. These are personal preference, and may not matter to many people. The details are below:Pros:1. Stylish looking but still functional in use.2. The handles are sturdy, have nice rubber grips and clear labeling.3. The cups all pour well, even though there is not a discrete spout on the rim.Cons:1. The one cup and half cup measures do not have intermediate markings for partial measures (e.g. 1/2 and 2/3 on the one cup measure). Also, they are missing any metric references. Many of our previous measuring sets have this handy feature that helps prevent using more measuring cups (and therefore cleaning more cups) than necessary.2. The brushed stainless steel finish is just rough enough that flour will leave a thin film of dust on it and sugar will also partially coat the inside even though it is thoroughly cleaned and dried. This isn't enough that it is messing up the measurement, but it just bugs us because our other cups don't do this.Conclusion:Not a bad set of cups. If the issues above don't bother you, they are great.
I have been baking for a long time and have used the same measuring cups for years. I have the one cup and the 1/3 cup left,so it was time for a new set. These OXO cups attracted me because of the shape, they look new and modern.What I found were cups that feature permanent, bright, color-coded numbers so that measurement markings are easily recognizable. I removed the cups from the ring because I like them separarte when I use them, and really don't find I need them all together. They all go in the same drawer as my measuring spoons, so I know where to find them. The color code makes it easy to identify each cup. I usually dip the cup in the flour or sugar and use a knife to scrape off excess. They are very easy to wash and I wash them by hand by habit, but if busy can put them in the dishwasher.The measuring cups have a heft to them, don't fall over and are easy to use. No complaints and no problems from me. I expect to use these measuring cups for years of good baking!Recommended. prisrob 04-24-13
Not much to really say here:Pros:-Stainless steel so they are dishwasher safe.-Very heavy-duty so you can dig into solid foods without snapping the handles (some older reviews have mentioned this as a problem, but OXO has updated the design to fix it).Cons:-Units painted on rubber portion of the handle. I expect that they paint will eventually fade away. At the least the units are embossed in the rubber so I'll always be able to see that, but it would have made more sense to etch them into the steel.-No 2/3 and 3/4 cups. Obviously I can get to that these amounts using the 1/4 and 1/3 cups, but not having the larger cups increases the likelihood of having to clean the smaller cups multiple times during the course of cooking something. Not a huge deal, but a bit of an inconvenience.
A number of the early reviews for this product noted that the handles for the cups bent easily when scooping. I believe OXO has strengthened the handle. The updated model deflects only slightly under normal use and it is certainly stronger than our other stainless steel measuring cups. I like the shape of the cups very much. They sit nicely on the counter and pour easily. The measurements are easy to read. In typical OXO fashion, the handles have plenty of rubber. I would have preferred plain stainless because it cleans faster, though these are dishwasher safe.
I love these measuring cups!  The shape is excellent for scooping dry ingredients and pouring liquids.  I find the clip feature with the nesting design great because I have been known to keep things scattered all over my kitchen drawers and then they just take up more space.  The rubber grips are perfect because they don't irritate your hands no matter what you are using them for.  They are excellent for sticky substances and they clean up easily.  The only flaw that I have found in the design is that the handles are a bit flimsy and can bend a bit.  You just have to be careful with them and that's something that I never had to think about with my old plastic ones.  If they make the handles harder then the product would be perfect.  I still love them.
I have a lot of good grips products and overall they have been a very dependable brand for great kitchen and household items.  These measuring cups are very nice. There are four of them, all heavy stainless steel. You can a 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup measures.The smallest one, 1/4 cup, is a little bit tippy, but the others are all solidly flat. You can scoop with them, measure your ingredients, heat on the stove and they have a ring so you can either keep them clipped together or pull them off to use individually. Recommended!
I find great value in acquiring items that provide quality that will last a lifetime - things like vintage Rolex watches, Spyderco knives, Le Creuset French ovens, etc.  Oxo's 'Stainless Steel Measuring Cups' are a benign, everyday type of household item that in my books falls into this lifetime quality distinction.  Sure, you could find a functional set of 4 standard measuring cups at your dollar store but what Oxo's version provides through its chunky, hefty stainless steel construction and permanently fixed measurement markings is the assurance that once purchased you'll never need to purchase another set even as the decades roll by.  Measuring cups....who knew?  Throw out your old, cheapo plastic set.  These cups are one for the ages.
I like that these are on a ring to be kept together, though they are fairly difficult to remove from the ring.  The handles are a nice rubber for good gripping, and the measurements are in color on the handles.  I am not sure of the durability of the colors, it could rub off depending on how often you use or wash these.  They feel good in your hand, have a nice weight so they don't tip while being filled - unlike my old plastic cups.  I don't like the noise they make when they scrape together while on the ring, it's like nails on a chalkboard.  That isn't a huge deal, though.  Definitely more durable than any plastic cups I have owned.
These are very nice looking measuring cups - much nicer looking than plastic ones.  The measuring amount is embedded on the rubber handles so it won't rub off like with plastic.  They sit flat on the counter and detach easily from the ring.  However, I am concerned about the durability of the rubber handles.  Like other reviewers have said, the handles are somewhat bendy, and I don't know how the handles will hold up after being repeatedly washed in the dishwasher.  Despite them being "dishwasher safe," if you want these measuring cups to stay pristine, it might be best to hand wash them.  Also, keep in mind that these are not microwave safe, so if you need measuring cups safe for the microwave, you will need a set of plastic ones as well.  However, despite these issues, I think these are nice measuring cups and a good addition to any kitchen.
This OXO measuring cup set is very sturdy and has durable, thick handles.  It comes with 4 measuring cups.1 cup cup1/3 cup cupThe inside of each cup has a great curved bottom so it is easy to wash sticky materials such as wet flour.  I also liked the slightly angled out design in the front of the cups which allows for easier scooping.However, the thick handles are heavy and the 1/3 and  cups can easily tip over.  It would have been nice if the handles were smaller.  The cups are also designed so that the handles can be twisted off a ring that holds them together.  But it difficult to take them off the ring and I can see taking it off in a rush causing problems in the kitchen.Overall, I have enjoyed using this set except for the smaller cups inconveniently tipping over sometimes.
I have the OXO all-plastic measuring set, and it's pretty much the most used product in my kitchen.  I love it.  So I was eager to get this stainless steel version to try!  And mostly, it didn't disappoint.  It just looks great, as most OXO prodcuts do.  The steel feels heavy-duty, and it shines!  I could see my grandchildren using this, when I have them!  However, I think I'll still use my plastic set more.  This is because there are 6 sizes of them, and only 4 of the steel ones.  I actually do find myself using the 2/3 and 3/4 cups a lot, which are not included here.  Also, these do not have inner marking of intermediary sizes.  For example, the plastic one cup has a half cup line, which makes it very nice when I am measure a cup and a half of something---I don't have to dirty two measuring cups.  The steel ones don't, although I could still guess pretty well.  I guess it comes down to if you like very well made solid kitchen tools.  These are that, they look great and they measure fine.  But they aren't quite as user friendly as the less high level ones!
We always owned the standard plastic cups.  They stack neatly into one another.  These stainless steel cups with the rubberized grips are fantastic.  They feel professional.  I like the fact that they clip on a ring so that they stay together and you can hang the entire set on a hook in your kitchen.  Very nice.  What my wife commented on was the fact that there is no 2/3rds cup.  She's right.  All the plastic cups we've owned always had 2/3rds.  I guess they feel you can just use the 1/3rd cup twice.  Makes sense.Over all, you won't be disappointed with this set.  However, because of the rubberized finger grips, they don't sit well within each other.  The grip handles more or less raise up so that you can't store them in a drawer like we could with our old plastic ones.But, this is a small price to pay for some great stainless steel measuring cups.I recommend them.
As usual OXO has a good, high quality kitchen tool here. These cups are stainless steel and somewhat heavy, so they are definitely heavier duty and will stand up over time during your kitchen adventures. They are shaped slightly differently than the standard perfect circle cup and have a slight "lip," which makes it easier to pour into a bowl and makes sure your ingredients go where you want them.Like most measuring cups they come connected to a little ring so you don't lose the one you need when they hit the cupboard. Normally that ring gets torn off quickly during normal use, but here it's a little heavier duty and the cups have a perfect little notch to match the ring, so hopefully they'll stay together longer than with my last measuring cups. That being said, it is still a plastic ring, so I'm expecting it to break at some point down the road. Other than that, these cups look great and work well, so are worth it if you need a new set and want something a little higher end.
These are a nice set of measuring cups. The rubber grips come in handy when my hands are wet and generally make them comfortable.  They do flex when scooping thicker ingredients, however not as much as other measuring cups I have used previously.They are a bit expensive compared to what I have paid for measuring cups, but time will tell whether the overall quality (which seems better) lives up to my expectations. So far I'm enjoying them.
Cooking is more enjoyable when even the simplest kitchen implements are of the highest quality.  While plastic cups would measure as precisely, they would not provide the simple pleasure that one obtains from using these handsome, solidly constructed, brushed stainless steel ones.  They are attractive enough that you just might want to keep them on display.
I've never been a huge fan of the OXO Good Grips line--is there seriously anyone out there that has a hard time hanging onto their kitchen implements? Do you need that giant rubberized handle?  Someone surely must, because it is a popular line.That said, I was looking forward to these Measuring Cups.  I have a set of aluminum cups and unfortunately one just got accidentally bent out of shape in the garbage disposal and I was looking for an upgrade. The OXO cups are stainless steel, and sturdy. I like that. They look like they are tough enough to do a round in the garbage disposal and come out unscathed--not that I am planning that any time soon.Unfortunately, for my needs, they are a blunt instrument.  My old measuring cups not only had the standard measures (Cup,  Cup, etc ... ) but also included millimeter lines for volume.  I make a lot of sauces and homemade jams and mustards and relied on the millimeter lines to get my measurements precise.  This set is also limited in that it doesn't have a 1/8 Cup measure, which I thought was kind of weird.So while I love the stainless steel construction, ultimately these cups are not precise enough and lack the flexibility of measurements for the kind of work I do in my kitchen. They are a great big solid scoop, and if scooping is all you are doing they might work for you. They just don't work for me.
This is a great tool for measuring liquid ingredients. Since I do a lot of cooking and baking I find myself using it a lot.  I am able to pour boiling hot water into it without any problems. It is best to not use it to measure oils since you tend to leave some behind. Also I find the lid that comes with it to be pretty much pointless. I just leave it sitting in a drawer and have not used it once since I purchased the beaker. My major problem with this is that over the years cracks have begun to develop along the bottom and sides of my container. It hasn't caused any leaks but I am sure I will need to buy a new one eventually. Until then it still serves it purpose well. But I do agree with a past reviewer that it would be great if they made one of these out of glass. Perhaps Pyrex could get involved.
The reason I like this is it has the potential of not needing to use multiple measuring tools in one kitchen session.  Saving some cleaning time and less clutter.  Around the beaker are many units of measurements.  Pint, ml, oz, tablespoon, cup, etc.  Alas, I am looking for the line where it says 1 tablespoon, it doesn't have any, it starts with 2 tablespoons (but fine, that's a no biggie).  It is small at the bottom but the base is very stable.This beaker is made of light and thin plastic.  If this is made of heavy duty material like lexan or the one they use for making football helmets, then I have no reason not to rate this 6 stars!  It has a lid. In fact the reason I picked this even if it was unavailable during the time I placed the order was because the other item in consideration did not mention if it has any lid.  Unfortunately, the lid seems to be flimsy and cheaply made.I like the versatility and usefulness of this beaker.  Good value.  Recommended buy.
I love my measuring beaker! Ok, I read the reviews and yes, there are some annoyances to this measuring beaker that I agree with, but it's still a great kitchen tool to have. In fact, owning more than one may be ideal!The way I prefer to rate it:  Five stars on usability and usefulness. Four stars on overall design.The first time I layed my eyes on the beaker (received it as a gift), I was very skeptical on it's ability to last longer than a week in my home. That was two years ago. It's gone through a lot of use, abuse, and just about lives in the dishwasher. (Yes, the fill up of water in the hollow base is quite annoying, but a quick dump and rinse in the sink cures that fast enough.) The markings are still bright and clear, the plastic doesn't show any wear, and it hasn't warped in the dishwasher or with hot liquids.PROS: Lightweight, accurate, easy to read, easy to use, easy to clean (it's dishwasher safe!). It's quite sturdy despite it's looks. Doesn't easily tip. Can measure up to two cups.Cons: It doesn't have a pouring spout for liquids (although it hasn't been a severe problem with me). The hollow base fills with dirty dishwasher water when clean in the dishwasher (but it cleans out quickly). Looks flimsy (but it's not). Cap can be easily misplaced (but who really uses it anyway?)As you can see, the cons are not convincing enough for me to not own this beaker. It's a great measuring tool that quickly becomes a must have favorite in your kitchen!I hope you enjoy it as much as many other here have as well.
Here's a wonderful little tool for the cook: a beaker with half a dozen different measuring scales so that you can easily prepare any recipe, measure out odd volumes such as one cup plus one teaspoon (frankly I hate recipes which require that much precision, but hey, at least I have an easy way to make them now!) and even measure out ingredients in advance, cover and set them aside to use later.The Emsa Perfect Beaker is perfect in all ways but one:  It's light plastic and it gets scuffed up quite easily.  Plastic also seems to hang on to fats and oils more tenaciously than does glass or metal, so that clean up is a bit harder.  Still, it's light, easy to use and doesn't take up much space in the cabinet.  I can live with a few scuffs and a little extra dishwashing liquid for clean-up.  Try it; you'll love it.[Edited to add:  I have to concur with the reviewer who wished this beaker was made from Pyrex.  Though it would be substantially heavier, I might still have it.  Scuffed and weakened by constant use, it finally cracked when I used it to measure hot (not boiling) water.  I will get another, but because I'll have to be more cautious with it, I'm not as wholly sold on it as I once was.  No points taken away, though; it's still a great idea.]
I recently replaced an Orville Redenbacher Popcorn Popper which I owned for over a year with this Stir Crazy unit. Quite honestly, both poppers are so similar that they might be interchangeable except for their logos.Operation is easy. Plug the Stir Crazy into an electric socket, pour in the popping oil, add the popcorn, put on the lid on, and watch the magic happen. An arm rotates at the bottom of the popper which distributes the popcorn and effectively eliminates the need to shake the popcorn in hot oil. If you use the butter dispenser, the popcorn will be evenly coated with butter without getting soggy or excessively greasy.The unit is easy to clean after it has presumably cooled down after being unplugged. It is not submersible so I use dampened paper towels to clean and dry the unit. The bowl and lid need to be hand washed in warm, soapy water and air or hand dried.My only issue with this unit and my old Redenbacher popper is the plastic bowl. Because they are made of a hard plastic the bowls seem to be predisposed to hairline cracks. This unit's bowl already shows fracturing as did my old popper. The bowl just isn't particularly durable even when it is gently hand washed. This might not be a huge issue if the bowl wasn't essential to operation. While for me this isn't a deal breaker because this popper makes really good popcorn, it would be nice if they could come up with a sturdier bowl.Overall, this is a nice popper that is reasonably priced.
It's neither good or bad! Does a good job of popping corn but not a great one! Requires a little more cleaning than a microwave popper but that's ok if you like cleaning. I like the fact that you can add all your ingredients,flavoring s,etc., at one time and let the machine mix it up. I have a microwave popper as well. It would be a toss up to decide between the two which is better. I like both and use both. Microwave in the bag is fluffier and more convenient. This is cheaper to use in the long tun. Won't know about durability for a year or so! Not a bad choice!12/05/2012After further use I'd give it a 4star rating at least. Sometimes trial and error is where you learn. I figured out that the product itself was functioning fine and that I was in error. After correcting my inequities the crazy popper works great!  Oh, don't put butter and your other ingredients in the bottom with the oil and popcorn. The butter and ingredients will leave a black burnt film on your popcorn and crazy popper. And THAT makes clean up difficult!! Add that later as recommended! It really does pop like crazy. A lot of fun to watch!!!!
I was buying 7 dollar thermos from bimart, they broke the lid or seal every year. This one is bit bigger, keeps tea and milk  about as hot, if I over heat the tea, it stays hotter longer at work. Cap can be hard to get off if you have small hands. Good buy if on sale.hope it lasts two years.
This is a good microplane zester. It has nice small holes. It performs a good job of finely grating or zesting your food. It does an easy job and is easy to clean. My only complaint is that some foods, moist foods in particular, kinda get clumped and stuck on the underside of the zester because of the lips of the metal curving over.
Before I had the Microplane, I always struggled to get enough finely zested rind from a lemon, lime or orange; sometimes I ended up just chopping the peel, but you can't avoid getting some of the bitter rind. Just a few brisk cycles on the Microplane, and you have very fine zest. You do have to whack the tool briskly a few times against the cutting board to dislodge the zest from the rear surface of the plane.Though I use it from time to time to grate very hard Parmigiana Reggiano cheese, I find the end product just too finely shaved, which seems to somehow diminish the tangy taste. I get better results when I run a chunk of cheese through the grater blade on the food processor.Others have noted how dangerous this thing is. Of course, you should be cautious and never in a hurry when using ANY sharp instruments in the kitchen. I never have scraped a knuckle because, as soon as I pull it out of the drawer and unsheathe it from the plastic cover, I automatically slow down and proceed with caution. Similarly, I wouldn't advise trying to wash it by hand - just rinse under hot running water (without rubbing the blade) or pop it in the dishwasher - it always comes clean in one cycle.
This microplane has a nice handle which is fairly comfortable and easy to grip, so your hands tend to be more protected (I have another one without a handle and I am always afraid I may slide my hand across the rough part).  On the other hand, this unit has a narrower width for grating things (like nutmeg nuts).  In some ways it kind of reminds me of a metal or wood file, but the principle is different, and the shavings larger (and pile up more quickly).  The stainless steel &#34;teeth&#34; seem to bite into whatever you are grating reasonably quickly,  but it is better for hard materials (like nuts) as compared to trying to grate a zucchini (carrots are a little better).  It cleans fairly easily with a nylon brush, but always keep your fingers away from the teeth unless you want some abrasions (and maybe blood).
This is a great zester/grater for the price. I would recommend hand washing it. The dishwasher does not do a very good job.
I got this 2 years ago for Christmas and love it. I keep it in it's original box in my cabinet because I don't use it that often. For normal every day chop jobs, I use theBlack & Decker EHC650 2-Speed Food Chopper with 3-Cup BowlIt is awesome and inexpensive for small jobs, but not large enough for everything. The processor works great for larger jobs. It was a little difficult to disassemble and clean the first few times I used it, but now it's no problem at all. I remember how to get everything apart and put back together. All I can say about that is, make sure you look at the pictures and diagrams closely. This is also a little heavy, which may be the norm for food processors, but this is the first one I've ever owned, so I have nothing else to compare it to. When pureeing cooked vegetables for a soup, make sure you use a slotted spoon to remove them from the soup and add them to the processor, leaving the liquid in the pot. Otherwise, all the liquid wouldn't fit. Then, you simply add the pureed vegetables back to the soup and continue cooking. This may be common sense, but I had no idea until reading through the instruction manual. So, I thought I'd include it in my review. Overall, this is an awesome food processor and I highly recommend it. I'm expanding my cooking a bit, and find myself using it more often.
While I usually chop on a plastic cutting board with a big chef's knife, the Cuisinart makes several tasks a lot easier. Chopping cooked or raw meat is one. If you are making hash from leftover corned beef, a short burst in this food processor is the easiest way to go. For mixing certain pastry doughs (pie or pate brisee) this is also a very good item to have, although you have to be careful to go slowly and not overprocess. The one thing the Cuisinart does is heat up the dough if you whirl it around too much, so you have to be careful. And if you put too heavy a bread dough in, using the plastic bread blade, you can heat the shaft up enough to jam the blade onto the central post and that's a big nuisance. However, with these cautions, the Cuisinart is hands-down my favorite food processor and for shredding, slicing thinly or chopping, pretty much the best kitchen appliance for the job.
This is my first procesor,Which I bought after much thought. I have had it a week and am very pleased with the machine. I bought this one because it came with a video,its a good video, and reduced my learning curve. For under $100 I have all the blades I need too. I have  ways to go before I use this machine instinctively, but i have been practicing on dog bisquits,and have a lot of happy dogs. This was a good buy.
This is the second Cuisinart food processor I have owned.  In fact it is the second food processor period I have owned in my life.  My first Cuisinart lasted for over 14 years (of moderate use) with nothing more than a small crack in the cutting blade hub.  My daughter needed a food processor so I gave her the old one and I purchased the DLC-10S.I was surprised to see the changes in the DLC-10S from my old model.  Nothing too weird though but the integrated pusher assembly was new to me.  The bowl attaches to the motor like my old model.  The slicing and shredding blades are different as they are just flat discs without a dedicated stem.  I looked through the printed manual to learn how to use the pusher assembly and could not find anything.  Nor could I find instructions on how to attach the stem to either blade.  I opened the included DVD and watched the lady "demonstrate" the different parts and what they are used for.  Except she just talks and doesn't do anything in clear how-to steps.  I ended up watching the sections of the DVD that applied to the parts I was confused about about 7 times in a row to see what the lady was actually doing.  A bonus however on the DVD is that some french chef shows how to make some really yummy recipes with the Cuisinart (recipes are in the included printed manual).I like this food processor and I think it should last as long as my last one did but I really think it is ridiculous that there isn't more of a step by step demonstration of how to assemble and disassemble these parts.  If I were completely new to food processors in general I could see the potential for possibly breaking something while trying to figure it out.Aside from the insufficient parts instruction, the processor works great.  Although I like that the pusher housing is larger than my old model, I have noticed that when using the slicing and shredding blades the pusher won't go as far down to get every bit of food like my old regular pusher.All in all I think this is a good product.  I own several Cuisinart brand small appliances and haven't been unhappy with any yet.
First one lasted a few years-when it went we replaced with a new one.  We obviously like it well enough. I don't think the quality is the same as the older model though.  So far it's holding up nicely and performs the same.Update 9/09 - Second one only lasted 18 months.  Glad they discontinued it.
This does heat up rapidly, as most reviewers concur. It holds up to seven cups, and even at full capacity boils up faster than earlier machines I used took to heat less than half this amount of water. You can fill it with the lid shut as well as open, a thoughtful feature. The lid can also be locked, of course. It's a bit heavy when there's more than a couple of cups worth of water in it, but it's solid and feels durable.I like the separation of the base from the water container. There's less exposure to contact points that can get wet than some other models. The cord certainly is short, no more than a few inches even if uncoiled from its wraparound base, but this keeps in many kitchens I suppose the risky apparatus from tipping near the sink, as has happened with my previous electric kettles, which wound up getting in countertop puddles inevitably, hastening those machines' demise.I was about to purchase a similar, and far cheaper one, but this Braun, made in the Czech Republic, has European workmanship combined with clever touches-- for instance, there's a reinforced hand protecting layer where your fingers will come into contact with the plastic container. The rest of the surface, outside of your hand's reach, will get quite warm, more so than other kettles, so be forewarned. The power involved in the boiling means this is a device for serious cooks, not only tea-drinkers. My kitchen-savvy wife can use this for heating up lots of water fast to expedite cooking demands, and I can employ it for my less-intensive cup of tea preparation.So, as with many such items in a well-stocked kitchen, this may be at the higher side of the price range, but after having worn out two less expensive electric kettles, I predict this one will live up to its reputation and outlive its predecessors, with care and cleaning. There's an anti-calcification filter that detaches (it can come off if you're fumbling around the spout, so be careful) and this added feature can prolong the life of the machine, as well as periodically boiling the minerals out of it.The double-sided see-through level indicator shows the planning involved in a higher-quality appliance. The dark blue shade's a bit too artsy, blocking faraway view of how many cups are inside bubbling away, but this may be for shielding purposes, who knows? The water level turns out darker, but not as easily contrasted with the area where there's no liquid. Seems to me some sort of brightly floating spirit level bubble would have been preferable to minimize squints.The base is wide enough to discourage tipping, while the plug's brevity may cause you to rearrange space for it on a counter away from a faucet's hazard. A safety factor, and you can always put it on an extension cord, although it's a one-way triple grounded plug. Its large capacity and solid feel should convince many to invest the few extra dollars in it. Since many buyers will be using it at least once daily, it's worth finding the better crafted product.
It's not often a full bottle of wine is finished in one night at my house as we tend to drink beer more than wine. In the past I would struggle to get the cork back into the bottle to save it for another night.  Of course I was not always successful and several times ruined what was left by getting pieces of cork into the wine.  Recently at a friends house I saw her using the Vacu Vin Wine Saver and realized I needed one myself.  I found them here on Amazon and at the time it was included in the 4-for-3 promotion so it was a great deal.  Since receiving it I have had the chance to use it twice and it couldn't be easier to use.  I see that you can buy extra stoppers, but for me two is plenty.  Color didn't matter to me, but if you prefer it also comes inBlack.
The Kitchen-Aid food grinder attachment was something I was eager to get. I've used commercial versions of this style of grinder and hoped that a tiny version would be useful at home. At first, I loved it. But as I've used it, I've come to find a few deficiencies.PROS:- As long as you are grinding chilled meat, this will grind properly. If the meat is not a little frosty, sinew will build up on the blade, as it is not sharp enough to cut through it otherwise.- It is relatively powerful, based on your Kitchen-Aid.- It is easy to clean and few parts that could rust.- It is very affordable.CONS:- The plunger is awkward and not wide enough for a proper seal to push the meat down.- The blade isn't very sharp and so is not very forgiving with sinew.- It feels pretty cheap.- It sits awkwardly high off the counter.Nevertheless, I give it four stars. Because while there are draw backs, there are a couple factors that make it worth buying: (1) it harnesses the power of the Kitchen-Aid, (2) it can effectively grind meat, and (3) it is affordable. If you can't afford a stand-alone grinder (and you already own a Kitchen-Aid), this is going to be your best alternative. It beats cranking by hand.
I like this attachment and it's hard to call whether I use this more or the dough hooks more. I make my own sausage with this and I grind my own beef, turkey, and pork for various dishes fresh. I also grind meat for hamburger and sausage patties.When I bought this several months ago I used fresh meat. I found fresh was the way to go, but with a twist. The meat in its fresh state was hard to work with. A friend suggested I partially freeze the meat before working with it. This was a great solution and results in a perfect grind that is not over processed. When done, if I am storing it for future use I seal the formed patties in my food storage vacuum bags. Otherwise, it goes directly into a pot or pan for cooking immediately or a heavy duty Ziplock bag to keep it fresh.My only issue with this attachment is cleaning. I try to get the tube and grinder clean by hosing it down with hot water and using a thin wire brush to loosen any remaining meat. I then soak the parts in soapy hot water and a quarter cup of household bleach for a half an hour.  Then I spray everything clean with hot water until everything rinses clear. I then let it air dry. This seems to work fairly well.This may not be for everyone, but with all the questionable news about meat processing this is just something that makes me feel a little better short of my becoming a butcher.
I used my new grinder with the sausage stuffer horns on 10 pounds of sausage and everything worked really well as long as the meat and the grinder stayed COLD. Meat frozen in a layer on a baking sheet for 30-40 minutes was optimum.If you let the meat and/or grinder get warm (read: out of the fridge for more than 10 mintues) grinding and stuffing quickly becomes a nightmare. Anything sinewy will get wrapped around the shaft and make a giant tangled mess. Your meat will squeeze out like toothpaste instead of chunky grinds. That is, if you're lucky enough to actually get it into the grinder--most of it will ooze up through the sides of the pusher with loud farty sounds (remember those buckets of Slime from when you were a kid?), never even  making it through the other end. You'll kill your back pushing it and end up with a horrible paste instead of ground meat.I'd say at least part of this is a flaw in the design--it comes with a cheap plastic pusher that's too small for the hopper.But if you keep everything uber-cold to semi-frozen, you won't have any problems, and it's so easy to use, you'll even be able to stuff sausage by yourself (impossible with regular fridge-cold meat). In between batches, or if you take a break or when you stop to season/cook/taste your meat, put  the whole grinder attachment right in the fridge. It's okay if it's still full of meat.
This attachment is a great place to begin if you want to expand the uses for your KitchenAid mixer.  Although it grinds meat (great for making chicken or turkey sausage if you can't stand the idea of feeding venison through it!), for me it's primary use is the driving of other attachments.  You need the grinder if you want to use the fruit/vegetable strainer or the pasta attachment.I took away one star only because the feeding &quot;worm&quot; can be difficult to clean.  Otherwise, this is a high-quality product, a must-have for people who want to utilize the strength of their machines.  If you know someone who has a mixer, this would make an excellent gift.
I ran one ball of dough through the machine and I was done. No metal shavings, no grease, no discolored parts. I have only had my machine for 3 months so perhaps the manufacturer has listened to the complaints of those who purchased their machines longer ago and who had problems. A success story for quality control and buyer feedback??A couple of tips. I thought that a low speed setting for the mixer would be most appropriate. Bad idea. I find that the best speed settings for the roller and slicing attachments are 3 or 4. If you go slower, you get a less regular texture. Too much quicker and the dough tears.Not documented in the booklet that comes with the device is that you can widen the rollers a bit extra if you go clockwise a bit past 1. This is where I start my rolling. I usually put the ball of dough through this setting 2-3 times, folding it in half before each re-roll.I then narrow the rollers 2 notches for each subsequent rolling until the desired thickness is achieved. I use the following settings for different types of pasta:Ravioli - 4Linguini - 6Fetuccini - 5'Broken Noodles' - 5You can go thinner for things like angel hair pasta, but I usually prefer heartier pastas which Tuscan-inspired sauces.Take note - if you are making pasta for a group larger than 3-4, or are otherwise not planning on taking it directly from the roller to boiling water, you will need a good pasta rack/dryer unless you have acres of counter space. If you attempt to accumulate your pasta in a 'pile' before cooking, you get a big blob of pasta-ish dough and you will need to completely re-roll it. Laying the pasta in a flat, single layer, is an option but I do not have that much counter space. I therefore use a pasta dryer to hang the pasta for a few minutes to a couple of hours until I am ready to boil it.Updated June 3, 2009 - We have been using this now for just shy of 5 years and it still works very well. The device has been easy to maintain, there has been no build up of gunk even though you cannot wash it in soap and water, and the rollers are still spinning evenly despite semi-regular use.Updated June 2010 - Still going strong!
You can't deny that KA makes the best mixers.  I love my Classic for most jobs, but when I get to making bread or muffins or some such, the capacity is a problem.  i can't put in more than 5 cups of flour or I will burn out the motor.  That means no double batches of anything.  And even when I stay under 5 cups, the motor really starts to sound labored.  I wish I had put the money into a higher-powered motor.  I will definitely do that next time, but that will probably be many years from now since KA are made so well.UPDATE:  I've been making a lot of bread lately and my KA Classic just isn't up to the task.  It bogs down a lot even with one small loaf's worth of dough.  Worse, because the bowl twists into the base to hold it into place, when the mixer is working a loaf of bread and working hard, it's twisting the bowl into the stand so hard that I can't get it out no matter how I strain.  My husband has to get it for me, and even he has to do a kung-fu yell and really put some muscle into it.  Finally, the last loaf of bread I made caused the silver metal ring around the head-part (where the beater attachment goes) to fall right off.  I had to stop the machine pronto to jam it back on.  It's just falling apart under such a basic task.  I'd say that unless you're only doing mashed potatoes, cake mixes and the like, you really need a more heavy-duty mixer.  I'll be getting a Magic Mill DLX soon.I'd re-adjust this for 3 stars instead of 4.
My wife and I received the KitchenAid Classic Mixer as a wedding gift, over 15 years ago.  It's still going strong.  I think that's one of the best recommendations that can be given for any product.We've been using it regularly in the kitchen (at least two to three times a week) ever since we got it. Unlike most of the kitchen gadgets we've bought and had to replace every few years (microwaves, blenders, toasters, food processors, waffle irons, hand mixers) this one still works as well as when we bought it.  We did have to replace the wire whip attachment - one of the wires popped out after about fourteen years.  I will say that was the attachment we used most, so it doesn't surprise me, since it does take a beating.  (I will say, though, that it'd be nice if there were a way to adjust the distance between the attachment and the bowl - that might eliminate some of the beating.)I won't repeat what others have said about its many excellent qualities.  I thought it might be helpful for people to know that this is a highly reliable brand, that's built to last.  We use it mostly to make cookies, cakes, pastries, breads, omelletes, and the like.  It works like a charm.  Highly recommended.
I have owned two 4-1/2 quart Kitchen Aid mixers in the past two and a half years; my first had to be replaced under warranty after the silver screw in the back of the head came out and the head fell off. Customer service was excellent and promptly sent out a new machine, even though I was three weeks shy of my warranty expiration date. They first shipped me a new machine, and then arranged for shipping of my broken machine.Extensive dough-making does tend to cause the screw that attaches the head to the base to loosen. There are directions on the customer service forum of the Kitchen Aid website to guide you through the process of tightening the screw; it's a fairly common problem. It requires that you turn your machine upside down and tighten one screw. Problem solved.The machine works fine and is sufficiently powerful for my household needs; for just over $100, I am happy with my purchase.
We've had this grinder now for about 7 years and have found it to be an invaluable accessory in our home.  It does a great job of grinding the coffee, but as the last reviewer said, it has a problem with coffee dust and causing sludge in your coffee pot.  You don't notice this as much with the espresso machines, but still, it is aggravating at 7:00 a.m.  That said, it is difficult to clean well and you really have to get in there under those blades to do a good job and you'll probably get sliced fingers in the process, we have.  I recommend using a brush to get under the blades because nothing else we've tried works.  It's a good buy though so don't be afraid to try this one.
This is a recirculating grinder that moves the partially-ground coffee beans back over the rotating knives. The longer you hold the button down, the finer the average size of the particles becomes. This is an excellent system for fine grinds of coffee intended for filter drip or Turkish-style pots. It also works well for grinding nuts and seeds for garnishes.For the larger grind indicated for the coffee press,Bodum Chambord 4-Cup Coffee Pressthere are problems. By the time the average size is right, there's a lot of finely ground coffee produced and that tends to make the coffee press hard to operate.If you've graduated to the coffee press, it's probably time to get a more precise burr-grinder.I have used the predecessor model to this grinder for about 20 years, so I think durability isn't an issue. The capacity is enough to make two generously sized strong portions of coffee.--Lynn Hoffman, author of New Short Course in Wine,The  andthe novel bang BANG: A Novel ISBN 9781601640005
this is a pain to clean. don't get me wrong it works great but you can't run the machine under water and it still smells after cleaned and really big to store.
Wanted a small personal size grinder and this Krup is the one I bought. Don't over load it or grind too long. It turns the product to a fine ,almost powder like,grind rather quickly if your not paying attention!
Works well, easy to control, I used a brush to sweep it out and the lid to hold the ground spices.
I recently switched to the Mediterranean Diet which emphasizes ingesting healthy fats like olive oil. I like having the ability to mist olive oil over Brussel sprouts (or anything else) so I can bake them.  I was skeptical but decided to give this a shot. It does just exactly what it is supposed to do. You fill it half-way, pump 10-15 times, then spray a nice oil mist. I release the pressure when I am done as noted in the first review, and so far, all is good.At $10, this is a great solution to mist oil. It probably won't last forever, but it is worthwhile nevertheless.
They worked.  I bought two, one for Canola Oil and one for Olive Oil.  They do make a very fine mist which does fly around in the air but all aerosols from the supermarket do anyway.  Very pleased and they look great on the counter.
I owned one of these years ago and used it for spraying olive oil but I had nothing but trouble.  I even called the manufacturer and they told me to wash everything in warm soapy water, pumping and then spraying the soapy water to flush out the innards, which I did but it still didn't work right.  Since then I've bought an oil sprayer on Ebay, it has no name brand on it but the seller said it was the same as was sold by Pampered Chef.  It does look just like the Pampered Chef spritzer except mine has no design printed on it.  But I must say it has worked perfectly for at least three years now.  So I wanted another sprayer strictly for balsamic vinegar and went with this Misto because Amazon sells it.  It's working fine with the vinegar so I'm happy.
This is a great tool to control how much oil you use in a pan or to spray a very light coating to keep meat and poulty juicy (e.g. I use it to spray a roasted turkey breast becuase turkey dries out easily).It's super easy to use and refill.  The one pet peeve I have is the sprayer clogs easily.  You can unclog it with a safety pin.  that's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.I have owned this since 2005.  I just bought one as a gift.
In our two chef home, we are picky about both kitchen gadgets and the quality of products we use. This kitchen gadget was purchased in order to stop using the cheapest and worst tasting oil that goes into the store bought pre-packaged spray oil. Trust me, you'll see the difference immediately. On top of that, read the label on a can of Pam or Crisco spray oil...it's not just "Olive Oil" and I have no desire for propellants and additives in my body or food for that matter.This is designed to use pressure created by pumping in order to create an oil mist, rather than propellants or additives. And you choose the oil and refill...which means better tasting oil and less cost.For all that, I love it. I don't love that sometimes I THINK I've pumped it enough times and too much oil drizzles out. Just because I watch my oil intake and I don't exactly apply it liberally. I'm pretty sure I've finally mastered the skill of getting a fine mist via pumping til I feel the most pressure...and that only takes a few pumps.(the pump is built in to the lid.  You just press down on the lid.)Uses:I save fat by using on pots and pans and baking dishes rather than buttering.  For example, using a mist of olive oil on a pan to saute veggies or frying an egg, rather than butter gobs.On the grill. Mist on the grate or grill pans. Also perfect for misting veggies prior to throwing them on the grill.  I love grilled pizza...oh, it's heavenly...so I spray the grill grates, throw on my dough, wait til it's cooked on one side, flip it, add sauce, cheese and toppings...nothing tastes as good as grilled pizza in my opinion.Anywhere you want a fine mist of oil...for avoiding sticking or avoiding more fat.Conclusion: Although I might cuss it when it sprays too much oil in, I still use it pretty much daily and would never go without it now because using good all natural olive oil tastes so much better and is cheaper to refill, prevents waste of empty spray cans, and is better for you.You choose what kind of oil you put in it, of course...we just prefer olive oil.
This sprayer makes it easy to add just a little bit of oil to pans.  It's easy to distribute a small amount of oil on salads too, so calories can be minimized.  The only drawback, which is slight, is the need to vigorously pump the cylinder prior to every use.  All in all it works just as advertised and we use it daily.
I've had mine for about 3 months now and it has held up fine.  Perhaps it is just the luck of the draw for me.I actually got mine in one of Amazon's 4 for 3 promos, and it has saved me a lot of money.  I usually buy commercial sprays about every 2 weeks but have not had to, and I'm getting better quality olive oil, so I'd say it has paid for itself.You have to prime it or it will not spray anything but a fine stream, so when you get it, make sure to prime it.My only complaint is that when it is fully primed, I can't keep the lid on.I took it to a big potluck and everyone seemed quietly fascinated by it.  People were using it to spray their lettuce on their sandwiches in droves.  It was kinda funny watching people watch other people trying to figure out what to do with it.  :)  That alone was worth the price.  It was a party pleaser.
I bought this after my first mister (not this model) exploded because I over pumped it and it I could put it together again. I have had it a while now and it works great.
I like this product.  You might be familiar with "Pams", you spray it on the pan to prevent food from sticking to it.  It is the same concept, except you don't have to throw away the cans. For that reason, it is more economical and you get less trash.Now that we are getting more health conscious, we are trying to cut down on oil.  We used to fry a lot but now we are trying to cook more often by using our grill.  Our indoor grill has a non-stick coating on it, but even with the non-stick coating it is still not perfect and sometimes our food still stick onto it.  If you pour oil it will only collect into globs because of the Teflon.  With a spray, you can really see the oil spread throughout the surface of the cooking pan or grill.You are not supposed to be fill it up, just halfway, to save some space to pump in air. We use it for olive oil.  For 10 to 15 pumps, you are now ready to spray it evenly on the surface.One of the recommendations is to release the air pressure after you use it before putting on the shelf.  This will lengthen the life of the mister supposedly.  When I do that, some of the oil sprays out right where I release the air.  It is a bit of a mess.  It goes to my hand the next time I use it so I grab a paper towel to clean it up.  Anyway, I think it still much better than the commercial alternative.
I have had might for almost two years now.  I have not had the problem with parts falling off and the unit not working.  I have found mine to be reliable and to work very well.  One thing I did find was a maintence issue.  At times the mister becomes gummy with oil.  So you need to take everything apart soak in hot water and remove some of the buildup.  Other than this, I find this to work very well.  I give this a 4 for having to take the mister a part and having to clean it out.
I've purchased these filters at local grocery stores for awhile, and finally decided that I could probably get a lower price from Amazon.com, which was indeed the case.  I have to give the product 4-stars, because I still think that they are WAY overpriced for what they are.  Let's face it, it's a piece of plastic filled with granulated charcoal.  How expensive could that be to produce?  Not very.  Nonetheless, I have still kept using them over all these years.  Though I know that regular tap water should be fine to drink, I still feel better using the filter.
We always kept two boxes of these on hand as replacements when we used our Brita filter pitcher (we went to an in-line because we drink so much filtered water --we'd go through 40 gallons in no time, but that is a LOT of water.) There are three &quot;gotcha's&quot; on these filters to be aware of:1. Do not let the filter dry out. When the pitcher is empty, you should refill the reservoir right away. When the pitcher is full or partly full, the bottom of the filter is in the water and keeping moist.2. The filter needs to be soaked and flushed exactly according to directions. Some of the charcoal packing comes off in the flushing process, and if you don't take care of it, you will have specks in the water. This is no big problem, just something to be aware of.3. Never put overly warm or hot water through the filter.If you follow the directions, you will have, as we did, gallons of water that cost a lot less and taste as good or better than the water you buy in plastic containers in the supermarket.
The Brita pitcher water filtering system is a good idea if you have problems with your tap water. Filtered water is a much lower cost than bottled water and as long as your tap is running, you can have an almost endless supply.I live in New York City. The water quality is variable at best. The city constantly monitors water and "adjusts" additives to combat bacteria and other pollutants. Often, especially in the summer months, the chlorine level is very high.The Brita filter takes care of the chlorine problem and removes other additives, as well.The result is clear, fresh & pure tasting water that is excellent for drinking, cooking, beverage making and ice cubes (bad ice cubes can ruin a drink.)Heed the instructions about filter replacement. The filters are rated at 40 US gallons each. If you exceed the recommended filter "life", you will definitely notice diminished results. This is especially noticeable with chlorinated water. The smell returns and the filtered water does not taste as good any more.All-in-all, this is an excellent filter, but it's no speed demon.The only real problems I've noticed are with the pitcher timer breaking and the poor results if you leave the filter in the pitcher too long (beyond the 40 gallon estimated limit.)Also, do not allow the filter to dry out once you've started using it.Buying the larger packages of filters saves money and is worth it, in the long run.
These are the regular Brita pitcher replacement filters. I use my Brita pitcher to filter for taste before putting the filtered water into a hot water boiler/dispenser that I use for brewing coffee and tea. These filters make the water taste good, and they also reduce lime/calc build up on my dispenser. I have yet to find a better price for them than what I get here on Amazon.If you are filtering for micro-organisms, there are pitchers and filters out there that do a better job. I use a Pur 2 stage for drinking water.
Pleased with product, very good price (at ten bucks for a 3-pack).  Definitely improves my tap water's taste.I think these filters last 3 or 4 months easily -- there's no need to replace them after 2 months, as Brita suggests.In fact, when I first started using Brita, the filter boxes and the  reminder device that came with my pitcher stated 3 months...then suddenly they changed it to 2 months.  Obviously Brita just decided to get a little greedy, and see how much more money they could make by changing that recommendation...
After years of microwave popcorn, I finally remembered why I liked popcorn. "Stove-top" popcorn is, IMHO, a much better product than the stuff that comes out of the microwave. I find it to be lighter, have a better flavor, and seem somehow "fresher". Also I don't worry as much about what I am eating when I at least know how much of what kind of oil I put in the pan. Finally I LOVE the smell.I previously owned a Whirley-Popper, not sure of the model, but looked a lot like this model. There was no question the old one was built of thicker metal, and had more robust components. That said, this one certainly works fine, and delivers excellent popcorn.---THE GOOD STUFF* It makes good popcorn. Use the recommended mix of oil and popcorn (I actually cheat a little and go light on the oil), and in a few minutes you have a bowl full of hot, light, delicious popcorn.* The popper comes apart for easy cleaning. I wouldn't trust it to the dishwasher, but a little soap and a sponge and you are good to go.* It is made of very light components, so it heats up quickly. Even more important, it cools down quickly, so the popcorn stops cooking (and burning) relatively quickly after removing it from the heat.* Certainly seems well built enough for popping corn. It can feel a little flimsy, but all you are doing in stirring popcorn, not grinding corn meal. I don't really stir it all that much anyway-just a few quick turns while the oil/popcorn is heating, than a slow turn while the bulk of the popping is occurring.---THE NOT SO GOOD STUFF* It is made of very light aluminum. The pot will dent easily, about the same thickness as those $3 pots at WalMart. The lid is even thinner, although it is thicker than some of the earlier "tin foil" reviews would indicate. You could easily bend it in half with your bare hands.* There is really no easy way to store the popper in a cabinet. The lid/spinner arounder thing comes off, but doesn't really fit inside the pot. I always end up storing it fully assembled, but it takes up room and requires a little protection from heavier pots and skillets.* The gears are plastic, and will probably not take a lot of abuse. But if you have a light touch, and don't go crazy trying to stir a full pot of popped corn, it will probably last long enough that I will not be upset when it finally does break.---SUMMARYI love the thing, and use it a couple times a week. It could certainly be built out of more robust materials, but it would cost more, and not sure I'd really notice the difference. It makes great popcorn, cleans easily, and generally behaves itself.I have also played around with different oils. Peanut oil is my favorite, and smells great when heated. I have also tried cocoanut oil, but it seems to add a slight taste that I don't really like. Canola oil works just fine, but the peanut oil seems to add a bit of flavor. Cheapo popcorn from Wally's seems to work just fine.  Enjoy.
I love how easy it is to cook healthy, fresh popcorn with this.  It does just what it says, and I've not had any burnt popcorn - it cooks perfectly, it pretty much all pops in a few seconds once it starts, and as long as you crank, it won't burn.I'd give it 5 stars, except it is kinda a pain to get the lid off once it's done.  The little prongs end up throwing some of the popcorn on the stove- best to have your stove cleared off and clean before you make popcorn.Clean up is easy-I just rinse mine out and wipe it off.
I love popcorn, and like many of us, have used the microwave format. That is, until I found this popcorn popper. I can now decide what kind of oil, salt or not, and toppings, if any.This popcorn popper pops up to 24 cups of popcorn in a short period of time. It uses oil and works on any stove.  Using the hand-crank that continually stirs the popcorn, the Whirley Pop is a stovetop popcorn maker that really works. Ii is made of aluminum, heats fast, using medium heat, and in minutes, you have popcorn.Season the pan, the first time you use it. Instructions included. You need very little oil, and you can use the popcorn of your choice.Recommended. prisrob 12-05-13
Yogurt is easily made.This machine just helps so you have to moniter it less as it 'cooks'.This is basically a machine that keeps the yogurt at a constant temp. The little spoon that is included is kind of funy. As has been mentioned in other reviews, you can easily substitute a different jar or container so it's easy to make several different batches of yogurt.I would buy this again with very little hesitation.Enjoy.
Very nice inexpensive yogurt maker.. The only problem I had at first was that the yogurt wasn't thick enough but I found that if I leave it on for about 6 hours it is good. I also put the cooled yogurt in a coffee filter to strain out more of the liquid.. This makes it much better when adding berries and such, It stays thick.
this is a perfect, inexpensive machine that facilitatesa simple and natural process. you fill the container withscalded or UHT milk, add a yogurt starter, plug in the machineand wait. you'll get usable yogurt after about eight hours,but it continues to develop for periods as long asthirty-six.you can use one-quart commercial yogurt containers aswell as the liner supplied with the unit, so you don'thave to wait to consume a batch before starting another.you should be aware that UHT milk doesn't need to bescalded and that makes yogurt-making extra convenient.it's also a good idea to infuse milk with flavors andthen drain the resultant yougurt to make yogurt cheese.herbal, savory and sweet variations are all easy tomake and act as great substitutes for mayonnaise orsour cream.--Lynn Hoffman, author of THE NEW SHORT COURSE IN WINE andthe forthcoming novel bang BANG from Kunati Books. ISBN 9781601640005
I bought this based upon the excellent reviews, low price, and the fact that my kids seem to think eating yoplait is cost-free and their birthright. My kids can devour a case of yoplait in about 2 days if I let them, or 3-4 if I ration it, so I needed some way to control the costs and also improve the nutritional value. There are no fillers or unhealthy added ingredients when you make it yourself.This yogurt that I made was so incredible and great that my husband who does not eat yogurt at a big bowl, and my kids asked me to make more for tomorrow. We mixed in some berry jam and natural sugar free sweetener (stevia), then topped it with fresh sliced strawberries. It was the most amazing dessert. It tasted like an exquisite French dessert and I can see why immigrants to the USA complain about the yogurt... there is no comparison between store bought and what I made.Although the instructions state that you need a flavor-free yogurt, my first yogurt did turn out very well using Stonybrook Farms French Vanilla yogurt. I don't know why you are supposed to only use plain yogurt as a starter, but mine worked fine with the french vanilla.Here's the rundown on how this machine works. First, you have to heat up 4 cups of milk and 1/4 cup of dry powdered milk in a saucepan over medium to medium high until it reaches around 180 degrees. This DOES NOT come with a thermometer so you may need to order a candy thermometer when you order the yogurt maker if you are not good at guaging temperatures. It's very important to NOT boil the milk. Then you have to let it cool at room temp or in the refrigerator until it reaches 100-110 degrees. Anything over that will kill the yogurt cultures that you are about to add. Below that, they won't activate. Then you take 1/2 cup of starter or plain yogurt with live active cultures and a bit of the milk and stir. Then that gets added to the saucepan of lukewarm milk and the entire thing is placed into the preheated yogurt maker.  At that point you let it sit plugged in for anywhere from 4-10 hours. I went with 5 hours and 50 minutes since I do like it just a bit tangy & well set. I also used whole milk, so you may need more time with non-fat milk.  Then you unplug the yogurt maker since there is no "off" switch, and then take the plastic quart tub out and place it in the refrigerator for several hours. I would recommend overnight but do not disturb it as it will not set as well if you stir it and add your mix-ins at this point. Be sure to save 4-5 ounces of this for starting your next batch of yogurt. There is no need to buy starters if you do this and use your homemade starter within 5 days. You can also freeze your starter in an ice cube tray for future use, just be sure when re-heating it to never let it exceed 110 degrees or the cultures will be killed. You can also just defrost the starter in your refrigerator or at room temp. After a few batches the starter will lose it's potency and you may need to restart with a fresh cup of plain yogurt from your grocery store.After it is set the next day just add your flavorings (at each serving) such as stevia, splenda, sugar, jam, fresh fruit, granola, vanilla, maple syrup, etc and have fun experimenting!  I have not tried it, but I have read you can add vanilla extract & 4 tablespoons of sugar to the heated milk before you let it incubate.The biggest downside to this yogurt maker is that it's basically an incubator without any bells and whistles other than the ability to hold a temp of 110 degrees. There is no timer (just a sliding wheel at the top so you can put the dial on what time you would like to check on it). I currently use my oven timer to let me know when time it will be done. Additionally, it would be nice if it just changed temps from 110 degrees to refrigerator temp automatically but it doesn't and certainly wouldn't at this price point. There was also no recipe book, which I was really expecting as all my small appliances come with recipe books.
The 56MM Norpro Stainless Steel Scoop appeared to be well made; it seemed sturdy and the spring mechanism operated smoothly.  When used for portioning muffin or cupcake batter, the scoop allowed me to produce a uniform product and eliminated overflow caused by filling a standard sized muffin/cupcake tin's individual cups with too much batter.  The Norpro Stainless Steel Scoop was also excellent for making drop cookies; again the uniform amount of dough resulted in a better, more evenly baked finished product.  The scoop was easy to hand wash.  I also put it in the dishwasher on the energy-saver cycle and had no problems with the scoop's integrity.  I did allow it to completely air dry before storing it in a drawer.However, when the 56MM Norpro Stainless Steel Scoop was used to portion ice cream it failed.  The sliding band "sprung" and instead of remaining in the scoop arched like a rainbow over it.  All attempts to return the band to its original position failed.  The ice cream was firm, but was not so hard that the scoop should have broken.  It is for this reason that I have rated the 56MM Norpro Stainless Steel Scoop as deserving four stars.  I did like it well enough that I will be purchasing another one.
The Nordic Ware popper works OK, but doesn't have the capacity of one I had many years ago. Unfortunately, that model is lost in the mists of time. The Nordic Ware model is simple and sturdy and will probably last a long time, but I would love to have one with more capacity.
Not especially great but not bad either! All the kernels were cooked to a degree where all were able to be eaten. Took about 4mn ,Their was no waste. Gets very hot to touch. Believe it when they say listen to the popping sounds. Be ready to stop the microwave and pull it out as soon as it slows way down. It will go from cooking to burning in 20-30 sec. I'd double the recipe after the first run if you like to eat a lot of popcorn at one time. I use this as well as my electric one. It would be difficult to say which one is better.12/05/2012After further use I've changed my rating from a 3 star to a 4 star. The Nordic works fine within its design. I was flawed in my use of it! I suggest you don't put any oil or other ingredients in the bottom with your popcorn. This will leave a black,filmy residue on your popcorn and your popper as well.Extra ingredients can be added when the popping sequence is done! Remember that you have to be there to stop your microwave when the popping slows way down. Virtually no waste. Even the uncooked kernels(very few) can be chewed gently and enjoyed. Clean up is simple and quick ! Oh, and don't double the recipe! Apparently my design went wrong!!
This is a very fine stainless steel coffee mug.  It has a sturdy rubber handle with an optional clip. The manufacturer's instructions advise against washing in a dish washer.  The mug keeps liquids warm for hours.  The lid forms a tight seal that in my experience has been absolutely leak-proof.  In fact, that's my only problem with this mug--the seal can be so tight that I can't open the mug at all.  Generally, this happens when there is a large difference between liquid temperature inside the mug and air temperature outside.  I once poured boiling water in the mug and took it on a long hike on a 5 degree F day.  When I tried to open the mug out on the trail, no amount of twisting with my fingers alone could loosen the lid.  In such situations, a pair of pliers is handy.  When applied to the center crosspiece of the lid, you can generally get enough force to break the seal without scratching the plastic surfaces that contact your lips.  In general, I would recommend this mug as a great leak-proof way to keep liquids warm over a long period of time, but it can be a bit challenging to open, and thus may not be appropriate for those with compromised hand-strength.
This was a screaming deal when Amazon ran this last year at this time for about $7.99 each with super saver shipping.  I particularly like to use mine in the car because the handle is helpful when I'm driving.  Also, because I use it a lot and hate to hand wash, I actually put this in the dishwasher on the top shelf, and so far everything is still working, i.e., not leaking.  I prefer having the lid come completely off for cleaning, although you need two hands to close it to the off position, which is not helpful when driving.
I bought this for my husband nearly four years ago after months of research and it's still a reliable, leakproof mug that goes to work with him whenever he needs that second cup. He attaches it to his backpack with a carabiner and aside from a few dents, it's the only travel mug we've found that truly doesn't leak. Forty-five minutes after leaving home, he sits down in his office chair to 14 oz. of very hot coffee.As another reviewer noted, it can be difficult to know just by looking when the lid is on tight; one of my co-workers discovered this one day when, eager to show off her new mug's leakproof feature, turned it upside down in front of the CEO and dumped an entire mug of coffee onto his feet.The Nissan Leak-Proof works better as a travel mug than a commuter's mug for two reasons: first, there's no smaller opening on the lid that allows the user to sip slowly...the lid is on or it's off. Second, it doesn't fit well in most cup holders, making it harder to access on the road without the driver becoming seriously distracted. But if the intent is to simply transport a hot beverage to be enjoyed at a later time and place, this mug is ideal.It's fairly easy to clean, but requires a long bottle brush to get to the bottom of the mug; there's also a fair-sized gap between plastic and metal inside the mug that needs scrubbing, but for its reliability, durability and heat insulating properties, it's worth the extra care.
This is my first food processor (not counting the very small hand-me-down one from the 80s that my parents gave me in college), so I just want to give you my impression of the machine as I can't compare it well to any other model.  Overall, I'm very happy with it.  It's been much nicer to have around than I had expected.What I like about it:- Fairly quiet, which is a huge plus for me.  I was afraid that it would scare my dog (like some appliances do), but she doesn't seem to mind it at all.- Blends ingredients very well, both dry and wet ingredients.- Dough blade and setting have worked well for me a number of times (I've only made pizza dough, though).- Attractive.  It's a nice looking appliance and easily fits on my countertop.- High quality plastic pieces.  They fit well together and seem very sturdy to me.- Handle has vent holes to help with drying and prevent mold growth.What I wish was different:- All the nooks and crannies, especially in the feed tube, can be a bit of a hassle to wash and dry by hand.- Like others, I wish that it could hold more fluid.- I wish that the cutting blades came with protective sleeves for storage.  I keep the sharp cutting blade in the machine when not in use, and I put the discs in Ziploc bags to keep them clean and help prevent me from cutting myself.I wish that I could help you compare this to other models, but I can at least say that I've been very pleased with this model so far.
Returned this item, as it was ordered in error.  It would be wonderful to own, but right now it is not in our budget.  A friend has this unit and I have watched them use it.  It works beautifully.
I've owned three different Cuisinart food processer models:  I started out with the Classic a long time ago, then gave it to my daughter for her first apartment.I bought this Premier model to replace the Classic.  I loved this processor--until the motor burned up one day in the month of October....I sent it in to be repaired, but found out there was no hope of getting it back before the holidays.  Well, I got angry about that; I needed something to use during the holidays!So I went and splurged and bought an Elite, thinking bigger was better.  And I was so angry about the Premier, I didn't care if I ever got it back!  Plus, I thought a new design would be a better design.  I also thought I would like the Elite because it came with two stacked bowls.Cuisinart finally sent me a replacement Premier about three months after I sent it to them for repair--actually I can't tell if it's my old one with a new motor, or a new appliance altogether....Since I now had the Elite, I put the Premier on the side for safe-keeping.  Now, I'm very glad I did!Why?  Because I gave the Elite a lot of jobs to do, but I never could quite get used to the bulkiness and height of it.  Plus, it was never easy for me to disengage the one bowl from the other.  And I struggled to find a managable place for the diffferent blades for the different bowls.  And, I REALLY DID NOT LIKE how crumbs always got stuck in the rim.The Elite is now up in the attic, waiting for the right person to come along so I can gift it to them.  The Premier is back on the counter.  For me, it was a drastic move to put that more expensive Elite away...  So you've got to know that I thought long and hard about the switch out.I knocked the rating down one star because that first Premier was not leak-proof; even though I did not overload the machine, liquid still got to the motor.  Also, I feel repair-service response-time and customer service in general was very poor in my experience.
For all the safety warnings that come with this food processor (including several "Read This Before Unpacking" instructions that are only visible after you've unpacked the unit...), there's one serious design flaw: The blade doesn't "lock down" in any way, so if you tip it to pour out the contents, the blade will fall right out--possibly onto your hand. Here's what the manual has to say in the subject, on page 9, at the end of the "Operating Instructions" section:> To prevent the blade from falling from the work bowl onto your hand when emptying the work bowl, use one of the following methods: Be sure your hands are dry. Grab the blade hub, and remove the metal blade before tilting the bowl, using a spatula to scrape off any food. Then carefully lift the blade out of the work bowl. Or insert your finger through the hole in the bottom of the work bowl, gripping the blade from the bottom, and grip the outside of the work bowl with your thumb. Or hold the blade in place with your finger or spatula while pouring out food.Cuisinart clearly makes a high priority of safety, but when they tell customers to hold a blade in place with a spatula while pouring... well, I think they could do better. I just want to be able to pour out my pesto without having to worry that a razor-sharp piece of stainless steel is going to pour out with it.
This product provides a high-quality, heavy-duty saucepan at a great value.  The short, shallow style of the pan is perfect for making sauces or browning onions/meats.  The extremely thick construction of the pan makes me feel positive that it will never warp or crack:  it looks as good now as when I first bought it two years ago, and I am confident that this is a product which I will own for a lifetime.  I have only two minor complaints about this saucepan:  1) the metal handle gets quite hot, and its narrow design makes it a bit difficult to grip, especially with a pot holder, and 2) it is not non-stick, although it generally cleans up well using a plastic scrubber.  Despite these issues, I would definitely recommend this saucepan for the serious cook as well as anyone else  looking for a high performance, quality cookware product.
I like this pan a lot, because it heats up faster than the non-stick type, and lets me cook stuff that doesn't do well in the microwave.  Especially good for making hot cereals, boiling eggs, and fixing packaged, mashed potatoes.  This pan does all the little stovetop jobs fast.  The lid is, unfortunately flat, and has a cast steel, grip handle on it.  The main pan has a cast steel handle, which does not stay as cool, as the higher grade, stainless steel, found on the Commercial Non-Stick variety.  Still since I don't use it for extended boiling or even need the lid much these are small complaints.I use a cooking spray to coat the bottom of the pan. This works to prevent sticking, when preparing foods without a lot of water.  It only sticks if you forget to stir the food, and leave it too long over the heat. Before the days of the microwave, the most frequent pans in our kitchen were the small saucepan, and the medium fry pan.  Your canned soups, beans, vegetables, hash, and most of your basic serving items were all designed for a pan of this size.  If you want something you'll get a lot of use out of, get this pan you'll never regret it!
I haven't used this to cook down a sauce yet.  This heats up much quicker than a stainless steel saucepan and water dries very quickly so good for fast hard boiled eggs.
After much research I narrowed my choices down to the KitchenAid KFC3100 or the Cuisinart DLC-2. The reviews for both models on Amazon led me to purchase this one. That was a couple of years ago, and I still think it was a wise choice. It has proven to be sturdily built and a good performer.This won't replace my larger food processor, but it is the perfect size when you want to chop 1 onion or a handful of nuts. I like the reversible feature and the fact you can remove the whole assembly without removing the lid.It is easy to assemble, easy to empty the bowl contents, and all the parts go into the dishwasher for easy cleaning. The base housing wipes down easily, with no crevices to collect gunk. If you hand-wash it be careful, the blades are sharp! (DUH!)I thought the "safety tab" on the lid would be fragile, but it has proven to be sturdy.I also like the fact you can buy replacement parts for a reasonable price. (The bowl can take only so many drops.)Only 4 stars? The bowl could be better quality material. Grinding up some dried garlic slices left the inside of the bowl looking like it had been sand blasted. Also, a place to wrap the cord would be nice.It's been around for at least 8 years for a reason. If you are looking for a processor for those small jobs, this is the one I would recommend.
Great price and great quality don't always go together, especially with things like cookware. Calphalon delivers both with their commercial nonstick line.  This was the first Calphalon pan I bought from Amazon over two years ago.  I felt stupid when I bought it off a gold box special.  I usually feel that sometimes companies pump up the retail value. They want to make it seem like you get a deal, doing this by raising the price so the discount looks good.  Not so with these pans!  I can easily see they contain the quality workmanship, and construction, that would justify the higher price for a true culinary kitchen.The first thing you'll find as with all pans in the Calphalon commercial line is the visible thickness and heft of the pan.  Check the weight, the pan itself is nearly three pounds, a lot for such a smallish pan. The handle is made of high quality steel, riveted to the pan.  In fact the construction of this pan is pretty much overkill.  Like all of the commercial non-stick pans, you can feel safe even using the occasional metal utensil that you won't damage the coating.  Since its oven safe up to broiling temperatures, it can have a few alternate uses, like warming rolls or other small items that don't splatter.The pan does have a few things that limited it, although I was impressed enough to buy more Calphalon.  One, it looks rounder in the picture than it is, its oval shaped, and the measurements are the pan, not the surface area.  The surface area makes it hard for larger crepes, and there are better pans for other purposes.  I can't buy the griddle thing unless you are making one at a time.  Two, the pan is heavy, and can become hard to use for the elderly.  Finally, the non-stick takes longer to heat up so alternate uses like melting butter or browning take too long. All that said, if you do crepes and like an omelet for breakfast, or even a few quick strips of bacon, this does the trick.
Much heavier than the Anolon 'Classic' crepe pan and cheaper as well.  Probably one of the nicest of the Calphalon 'Commercial' line.  I have found these to be all over the block in terms of 'heft' and quality.  This does not appear to be another Chinese 'cheapo', even though manufactured there.  Don't mistake this line as something commercially used, however.  Even the warranty claims it is for home use only.
It sounds crazy to put plastic in the oven but it works!  However, make sure you have a baking pan that this mat will fit into.  I've tried to use it by itself in the oven and it works fine but liquid will dribble over the sides, unfortunately.  I wish they had put a little &quot;lip&quot; at the edges.You can clean this item with the swoosh of a sponge, dry it, and roll it up for easy storage.  You can roll it up pretty tightly because the material does not have a &quot;memory&quot; and will lay out flat every time you unroll it.
I really like Pyrex products and much prefer using Pyrex to store my food than any plastic-like container my husband uses.  The stuff is very versatile:  from refrigerator to microwave without any breakage!This is a small set.  Even the largest rectangular container in this set is rather small.  The smaller one can hold a whole sandwich but not much else.  The two round bowls can handle two cups well, ideal for left=over gravy.This set is a nice addition to other Pyrex containers, but for a busy family I'd still recommend the glass set that holds more.
The newer pyrex glass doesnt seem as thick or as heavy as the older pyrex (even from a few years ago).  The new glass also seems to have minute bubbles in the glass and chips easily.For the lack of anything else like it on the market, I would still reccomend this product for its versatility and for environmental & for health reasons.wait for the friday sale or for a special at 9.99
I purchased this as a add on to my 4-for-3 shopping. (My price was $12.99 on 11/30/07) I must admit that I thought they would be larger, but that was my fault because I didn't read the sizes - just clicked and ordered! Now that I have had a chance to use them I am extremely happy that they aren't larger.  The sizes are perfect for so many things.  I use the 6 Cup Rectangular for baking small side dishes in the oven.  The 4 Cup round dish is great for leftovers and the two smaller ones I've used for dips with company. I run them through my dishwasher lids and all and they are easily stacked in my cupboard.  I great buy especially for Pyrex.  I would recommend buying a set for yourself and one to keep on hand as a gift.
Why have all types of containers when just one type, Pyrex, can do it all?You can bake in this or microwave with it.  You can mix or marinate with these.m you can store your food in the refrigerator or in the freezer...you can do almost everything with Pyrex!I can remember when I was growing up, Pyrex was &#34;the&#34; thing.  For some reason, other plastics and stuff seemed to get more popular.  However, now days we hear about all the health risks of these it here plastic items...it is down right scary.  So, like me, do yourself a favor and dump the other junk.  Time to minimize...all you need is a set of these.Good luck!
I have so many uses for the rectangular shaped ones.  I recommend this set if you can get a good price on it.
Much better than any plastic containers.  Glass is the way to go.  Does not stain or retain odors.  Lids are also super tightUpdate 9/7/08After months of use, still going on strong!!!  Lids have been through the dishwater several times and no warping.  Watch for oily foods though b/c lids tend to absorb some of it and gets discolored.
Despite there being no cautionary in the instructions, the lids should not be placed in the microwave because they will warp.  I was concerned about other reviewers' claims that the dishes could explode.  Fortunately I don't have to worry about kids' safety since they are all grown.I am now covering my Pyrex with microwave-safe wrap and have encountered no problems.  If you are just heating clear liquid, Alton Brown suggests placing a wooden chopstick in the bowl so that the liquid does not become superheated.All-in-all, a very inexpensive purchase and 'Made in the USA'!
When I purchased these I noticed one of the bowls after storing in the refrigerator (Just baby carrots for a snack) had some cracks in the sides and also had some chips around the rim. I'm not sure if this happened when I initially threw them in the dishwasher but it has made me wary of using them and being extra careful.They are a great alternative to plastic, and make great mixing bowls. The lids hold securely and since they're glass the dishwasher makes them sparkling clean.I purchased the 14 piece set for roughly $18 which I feel is a good price.
I bought these containers for one reason...plastic containers smell. They absorb colors and odors and over time, this becomes both ugly and unpalatable. They also are prone to melting and warping, both in the microwave and in the dishwasher. Glass seemed to be a natural solution to these problems, so we bought this set.The Pyrex containers are great for solid food. Tomato-based pastas don't stain; garlickly foods don't leave an awful residual smell; and since glass is a better heat conductor, they're more optimal in the microwave than plastic. Heed the other reviewers' warnings regarding liquid storage; the lids are probably the weakest point. For liquid, we use Nalgene containers, which never, ever leak (backpackers use them religiously).
I've been using this product for about 1 1/2 yrs. & also purchased it as a gift for newlyweds.  I love these glass bowls as well as their versatility. I just wish these bowls had some sort of handle. I use my microwave extensively for cooking; the dishes are very hot & it can be tricky removing them from the microwave.  Sometimes I put a plate under the dish to make removal easier; other times, I use a potholder. I'm always concerned that I'll lose my grip and the hot contents will fly all over me and the room.  Ouch! Since it's becoming more and more important to avoid plastics, I hope that Pyrex will add some sort of handle or grip to all their glassware. I purchased both sets from Amazon.com and both arrived intact, with no breakage, & all the correct lids.
I got this set and the 20-piece set to replace my Rubbermaid and Tupperware containers.  I hated putting hot food in the plastic, since I knew most of my old containers were likely not BPA free.  I like that these are airtight and I can use the small round one for things like applesauce and yogurt in my lunch.  I have not had any issues with the lids not fitting like some have mentioned.  Time will tell how they will hold up after being used in the freezer and the microwave and if the lids will retain odors from smelly foods like deviled eggs and items that contain garlic.  I do wish these were bigger, since my old Rubbermaid set came with larger sizes for storing meals.  These are fine if you make small batches, but I tend to make lots of food and have tons of leftovers.  Overall very nice and versatile and I would recommend.
I want to stop using plastic storage because I often ended up reheating my food at work on the microwave.  I am concerned about the chemical reaction of the plastic with my food.  The pyrex set is much better in that aspect.  It also never stains with lasagna or spaghetti sauce, which is more difficult to clean on plastic containers. The set I received have lids that fit perfectly snug.If you want to use it as a storage, you do not have to open the lid to see what is inside it.  The glass is clear and you can see the food well unlike plastic.The only thing I dislike is that now my lunch carry-on will be: 1) much heavier than it used to, and 2) it is breakable as opposed to plastics than I can toss freely on the sink.
I like these bowls because they are durable and dishwasher safe and also no foods stain them like plastic containers. The only thing that could make them better is for them to have a larger capacity inside to hold more and to offer more variety of sizes. Overall, they are a good quality product for the money.
Like other people here, I came to despise plastic containers.  Not because they aren't useful, but because over time scientists seem to find more and more that they are bad for the environment, and bad for us.  And when my children came along I definitely thought it was unwise to expose them to any more plasticizers than necessary.As for this set, it's a nice collection of sizes.  The smaller ones I use for butter dishes and for small leftovers of chopped onions/celery/tomatoes/chili/thatsortofthing.  The larger ones store quite a bit.I've had my set for over 5 years now.  The glass is tough and shows no wear as of this date.  One of the lids has cracked on the edge, and one has warped considerable (but is still functional), and this is why I can't give this package 5 stars.  You see, I wash all the lids by hand and don't put them through the dishwasher.Would buy again.Pam T~
I was a bit leery of ordering this set, versus some of the higher priced sets. Like many other people, I wanted to get AWAY from the blue plastic food storage containers. I've been using this set about 3 weeks. Many other reviews stated they had either broken easily or chipped edges. I have not had these issues, they were packed securely for shipment and arrived all undamaged.Since these are glass, I treat them like they are made of glass and don't bang them around or bump them into other hard surfaces or dishes. In other words, don't let edges touch other ceramic or glass pieces in the dishwasher. In this set, They do stack nicely, except for the three smaller 1 cup containers. I don't stack them to prevent chips on the glass edges. I have put the lids on top rack dishwasher. The lids fit nicely, are not too hard to put on or take off either. I've had no leakage problems in storing soups or stews, even turning them upside down and shaking them they didn't leak... I'm ready to order the rectangular set.UPDATE 2/7/14: I did order the rectangular set. Overall, these glass storage containers are very good. I have had no issues with chipping or cracking, and I've banged them accidently a few times. I really like the set, so I did order a 2nd one a couple months after I purchased the first. I REALLY like them to make individual servings of food for myself and for the man to take to work for lunch. THese containers have survived well. I like the way the 3 sets fit in one cupboard nicely. No more plastic jumping out at me when I open the door of the cupboard!  I like that.I do feel now like I could recommend them to others interested in glass storage containers.
We decided to switch to glass lunch and storage containers from plastic for several different reasons. The plastic ones develop stains rather quickly, damage and warp; and health side effects are also a concern. Not so with these Pyrex storage containers. They are well-made and are quite versatile, going from oven to microwave to freezer to refrigerator to dishwasher. The lids fit tightly to prevent leakage. They are perfect for storing leftovers or for packing a lunch. The only negative is that the glass does get rather hot when heated in the microwave, which is not an issue with plastic. So be careful and use a potholder when handling them after cooking. A good buy that will no doubt last a lot longer than plastic containers.
My wife and I have bought two of these sets, and use them all the time. We store leftovers in them, take our lunches to work in them every day. For a long time we used low-quality plastic containers for this, and I'm not sure why we waited so long to upgrade - but I'm very glad that we did.These containers are easy to wash out (dishwasher safe), the lids close tight, and they do great in the freezer. The other great thing is that they stack up inside of each other, which saves a lot of cabinet space.If you're looking for kitchen storage, then you will love this product. My only complaint is that there are too many small bowls, and not enough big ones. The smallest ones are pretty much useless, and I'd trade all of the small ones for a single big one in a heartbeat.
First, let me say I purchased this set in October 2007. I was thrilled with the thickness of the glass and the durability of the lids. I use them daily for cooking and storage. I have had no issues whatsoever with quality until this evening when one of the glass dishes shattered as it was sitting on our glass top stove. Or rather, it EXPLODED because glass flew all across the range, counters, on the floor - HUGE MESS! I was quite shocked because I had used all the glass bowls in the microwave, in the oven, fridge, and washed them in the dishwasher on sanitize without even the smallest issue arising. This particular bowl was sitting on the stove, next to the burner that was on and it just shattered. I had pulled it from the cabinet and just added refried beans to microwave. I'm wondering if after a year of use, the quality somehow diminishes - though I really hope that isn't the case because I really like using the bowls. I would advise that you check your glass bowls regularly for any cracks, etc. that might weaken it. It could be there was an issue that I didn't catch. As for normal storage, these bowls are the best! After all the scare about plastics, we switched completely to glass. They are much easier to clean, stack very well,  do not have that nasty residue that happens to plastic as it ages and it's Earth friendly because you aren't replacing them as often as you would plastic.  They also don't warp like plastic and thankfully, neither do the lids! I came to see if there were any other reviews like mine, and did not read any issues that were similar to the glass exploding like it had with me. I am hoping that it was just a freak accident and will not happen again, but thought I would post in case someone had a similar experience. I am still pleased with the product for storage and will continue to use it as such. Not so sure about using it in the microwave or in the oven again just yet. I researched pricing at the time of purchase last year and am pleased to report that it was then and still is now the cheapest price available.
You might be hesitant to use glassware for everyday food storage. But Pyrex is different: It's thick and extremely difficult to break. Also, it's not only microwave-safe, it's even oven-safe (just take off the lid!). The only flaw is that the lids are difficult to put on at first. This takes practice, two hands, and a lot of pressure.
When my Braun FlavorSelect coffee maker unexpectedly stopped working, I had to scramble to find a new machine.  I wanted another Braun, but unfortunately, they seem to have stopped  making a 12 cup coffee maker.  So I had to begin an intense search for a machine that had the features I wanted combined with good value.  I finally found it with this Cuisinart model.The advantages?  For one, it makes excellent and HOT coffee.  The carafe is solidly constructed and fits securely in square body so there's no chance of someone accidentally knocking it loose.  Because the lid fits tightly, the pour is precisely narrow and smooth, with no side leaks even when the pot is full.  The basket fits inside the housing instead of swinging free like so many models which prevents a misalignment between the water and the filter; the conical (Krups/Braun style) basket accepts both paper filters and gold-tone, although I learned the hard way that not all gold filters fit.  The timer is very easy to program, as is the clock.  The carafe warmer can be set at low, medium, or high for the temperature that's right for you.  I found the &quot;high&quot; setting too hot since I drink my coffee black (I like my coffee hot but not scalding!), but those who add a lot of milk might appreciate it.  The brewing is quick and efficient, with the process taking about a minute a cup, maybe less.  The retro/stainless look complements most modern kitchen d&eacute;cors.  There's a 1-4 cup setting to make sure such small amounts stay hot, and you can select how long the warmer remains on.  The pot beeps five times when brewing is complete and just before the warming plate shuts off.  Parts are top rack dishwasher safe.  It comes with a water filter system designed to improve the taste of the brew.But the Cuisinart does have disadvantages.  The water reservoir is located on the right side, in the back, which makes it a little challenging for lefties like me to dump the final bit of water inside even though the carafe pours very accurately.  Although I haven't yet missed the opening, I do struggle briefly with those last few drops unless I use my right hand.  The housing is fairly tall, so if your counter space is only under the cabinets, you may not be able to lift the top in its entirety.  (This is when the small rear reservoir becomes a major issue as you have to have room to completely lift the rather large top toward the back.)  Clearance required:  7.5&quot; wide by 8.5&quot; deep of counter space with no overhead obstruction to pull out for filling OR 21.5&quot; of overhead space to fully lift top.  Without the top open, the coffee maker measures 7.5&quot;w x 8.5&quot;d x 14.25&quot;h.If you have the space for this coffee maker, you'll love it.  I can't attest to how long it will last, but, as it comes with a three year warranty, I'm hoping for a good run.
We don't grind our own beans. We're not coffee snobs. We think that Starbucks' house blend is bitter, and we wouldn't know Pete's from Caribou. We want convenience and we want a good tasting cup of coffee. This provides the latter in a rather large footprint.This coffee maker is physically the largest we've ever owned. (That's seven coffee makers in 48 years.) It goes with our stainless appliances, but we sure didn't buy it for looks. We bought it because our Krups started making lousy coffee and then, one day, I broke the carafe. )To be fair, we never cleaned the Krups with vinegar, but the carafe was washed regularly.)The Cuisinart DCC 1200 makes good restaurant coffee from the first pot. The mesh basket leaves too much sediment, so we opted for No. 4 paper filters, and not just because we have 75 CostCo No. 4's left over. In fact, this makes the best home-brewed coffee we've ever had!The carafe is comfortable, holds 13 cups if truth be told, and never spills since the lid is quite tight once clipped on.So, why not 5 stars? First, it is tall and stands higher than my wife when putting in the water. Second, and more important, when putting in water, you have a small part of the reservoir to pour into AND the reservoir is in the back. And third, when you lift the lid, water condensation from the previous brew will drip on your countertop. And you can't get the water in without lifting the lid all the way.Actually, there's a fourth reason for not giving the fifth star: most brewers today have a pot that can be taken out in mid-cycle so that you can have a cup of coffee if you can't wait the 8 minutes to brew a pot. Well, this supposedly has that kind of top on the carafe, but the brewer does drip on the warming plate.With all those complaints, why even four stars? Well, overall, the taste of the coffee is more important than the inconvenience of wiping water off the countertop, but I still think they could make a design change.I wrote part of this review four years ago, and I'm sticking to it. In fact, we just bought one for our kids which we've been using at their house for the past week. Still the same problems. Still the same delicious coffee.
In the few (7+?) years since my Braun KF180 started squirting water all over my counter top, I've been searching for a replacement that would make as good a cup of Peet's Major Dikason's as the Braun did. Turns out, that was a once-in-a-lifetime purchase (not to mention Peet's changed Major Dikason's :-( ). There is no coffee maker that can make as good a cup as the Braun KF180. I have tried various Cuisinart, Melita, Krups, and DeLonghi. Some died quickly, some  a while longer, but none produced a tasty cup... I gave up and went for the 10-dollar coffee&maker; Gavalia deal (mostly it's 14-dollars, but you could go to their website and find the 10-dollar deal), tossed the crummy coffee, used the maker, and suffered. Then, I finally tried this maker... and I have to say it makes the best coffee since the Braun. Really good coffee!Not too sure about the longevity of the switches since the user must turn a dial-switch to change the auto-time, or to go from auto to manual, which we have to do almost daily... we'll see. But for now, I heartily recommend this coffee maker!!
This coffeemaker makes a very good, hot pot of coffee.  For me that's the most imnportant thing -- that it make good coffee.  It does however have a few quirks.  The biggest issue I have is with access to the reservoir -- it is behind the filter basket & is very easy to accidentally splash cold water in to the basket as you are pouring water in to the reservoir.  It is also close to impossible to see how much water you've poured in.  The other quirk is that there is a small space in the carafe lid that holds a few drops of coffee -- when you take the lid off to rinse out the carafe, it invariably drips coffee on to the counter.To be clear,  I like the taste of the coffee very much & it seems like a very good quality machine.  It could stand a few small design improvements to earn 5 stars.
First of all it's not perfect. The non-stick coating is thin on the pan, and can get scratched off easy. Plus, there's no easy way to clean off the brown, spots you get from baking.  All that aside, this is a great device if you like homemade, and frozen varieties of pizza.I used to try all kinds of tricks to get a frozen pizza to taste good.  I'd microwave them partially first, I'd bake them directly on the oven rack; I'd try greasing the pan, or not greasing it.  I had some success with these techniques, but it was a lot of work.  This oven does the job, and gets the pizza cooked the way you want it.  An easy flip switch on the top, can turn the heat on both sides, just the top, or just the bottom.  You control the crispness, and the degree of browning on your pizza.This oven is also great for baking those commercial, &quot;take and bake&quot; pizzas, from shops like Pappa Murphy's.  Further, its better for reheating leftover pizzeria pizza than your microwave. What more can you want?  I wanted just one thing, a 14&quot; model.  While most frozen pizza is 12&quot; or smaller, you cannot heat one any larger.  One final caution, rising crust pizzas will sometimes bubble, or rise into the top-heating element.  It's a good idea to stay in the general area while the pizza is cooking, or it can potentially start a fire.
The problem with frozen pizza is that it takes too much preparation to make a "quick" pizza. Particularly in the summer time. No more. This little machine cures the problem of preheating the oven and cleaning up cheeze dripping onto the oven bottom. I like crispy crusts so I have always had to watch closely to be sure the crust doesn't burn. Then I have had to pop it in the broiler in the bottom of the oven to be sure the topping is nicely browned.With the Presto, I can have my frozen pizza on the table in less than 20 minutes without a hot kitchen. Crispy crust and bubbling cheeze perfect.The only problem, which cost it one star is that the very center is a bit less done than the rest of the pizza.Also, someone else commented that you have to unplug the unit to stop it from turning after it turns off. No so. Just lift the pan off and the rotator stops since it is triggered by the pan to rotate. So you can leave the machine plugged in as long as you remove the pizza pan from the unit when done (don't forget the oven mitts because the pan is HOT).
Eating a bag of microwave popcorn together used to be a ritual until DH had a heart attack and had to really start watching what he eats. I bought this PowerPop as a replacement for the pre-bagged stuff so I could control the amount of salt and the kind of oil.First, I made the mistake of buying a white popping corn from the grocery store that I think is just too old. It burns very quickly even when the timing between pops is not slowed down. Also, I don't like the cleanup when using olive oil, preferring to spray the oil on with aPrepara Oil Mister, Whiteafter the fact. I've managed to get somewhat decent popcorn by just popping it dry and not popping it very long, but I'm definitely going to look into a different kind of popping corn when this bag is gone.I don't fault the PowerPop with any of this. It's clear to me that it does concentrate the microwave energy into the kernels without burning the bowl and that it works well to pop the corn evenly. The concentrator disk is an important design component, so I bought a few extra packs when I bought my popper. Not using oil makes them last a long time, and I don't have an oily mess to clean up afterward.
I've had no problems with this popper when using 3 different microwaves - a stainless steel Panasonic Inverter Microwave, a high-powered GE Microwave, and a tiny (600 watt, I believe) microwave.  Each of them worked fine and still work.  No problems there.The popcorn always pops full and crisp and doesn't burn.  If you happen to add too much oil, you can simply not use the bottom rung of popcorn, since it is liberally coated in the oil.Way better than microwave popcorn (less salt, no hydrogenated oils required, you can pronounce all the ingredients) and more flavorful than air popped corn.
I really want to give this popper 5 stars because it works wonderfully; I just hate the idea of disposable inserts to the point of distraction. I don't dispute the company's claim that they allow the product to leave fewer unpopped kernels, but I think the whole thing was overengineered to begin with. Popcorn is ridiculously cheap. Alton Brown recommends you pop your corn in a paper lunch bag. How much difference does the disposible PowerCup Concentrator really make to the value of the product?I bought this popper at a store that carried no other microwave popcorn poppers, so I didn't know there were competing products, such as theWest Bend Microwave Popcorn Popperand theNordic Ware 60120 Microwaver Popcorn Popper 12 Cup, that don't require disposable inserts. I would probably buy one of those if I had to go through the process again.I've gotten 5-6 uses out of eachPresto 09964 PowerCup Concentrators, Package of 8, popping the kernels without butter or oil each time.
I am not a sucker for fads, gimmicks or "miracle" devices As Seen on TV.  That being said, I am not against better mousetraps ... if they work.Having long since turned cool on the concept of microwave popcorn that, despite the convenience, just has too many mystery chemicals in it to make me feel comfortable, I longed for a way to go back to the good old days of popping corn.  I tried a frying pan and was not satisfied.  I read countless reviews about poppers with little motorized arms but no one seemed to be crazy about them.  I had my own so-so experience with air-poppers that result in slightly overcooked and very tasteless popcorn.So, what to do?  With very low expectations I ordered the PowerPop, only because the low $16 price tag didn't leave me too much to lose.  The whole concept seemed As Seen on TV gimmicky.  I was happy that they included 8 of the concentrator disks (that they claim can be used up to 24 times each when used without oil).  I didn't plan to use oil, I preferred to add my own butter and salt after the corn was popped.The quality of construction for the device is pretty good, not lifetime great but nothing seemed to indicate it would wear or break in the foreseeable future.  There is a black base with some sort of metallic thing in it that doesn't come in contact with the food.  The clear bowl twist locks into the base and a concentrator disk is placed into the base of that clear bowl.  For some reason there is dissention in the manufacturer's description if the concentrator disk is actually mandatory or not.  In some places it indicates it could be optional and in others it claims it is an integral and necessary part of the design.  I say, if I can get 24 bowls of popcorn per disk it is not an outrageous price to pay IF the popper itself works as claimed.So I put a disk in, put about 1/3 cup of fresh yellow popcorn kernels into the disk and put the whole thing into my 1300 watt microwave for 5 minutes.  After I while I had a strong fear that the popcorn would burn but I patiently waited out the 5 minutes they recommended.  To my satisfaction each popped kernel was big, fluffy and flavorful.  I had less than 20 unpopped kernels.  With practice I can probably do better.  Cleanup was as simple as wiping the interior of the bowl with a moist paper towel.  The concentrator disk looked perfectly new.I tried a few things after popping that worked well for me, your taste and experience may differ.  One was to use "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter" spray in each bowl (yes I know it's got chemicals in it but since I use their margarine tubs I have a good feeling about their products).  The other was to use the relatively benign sea salt sold by Trader Joe's.  It has a nice taste on popcorn and is regarded as being a little healthier than ordinary table salt.  BUT I do have to say that the popcorn without anything added to it tastes better than microwave bags, frying pan popcorn, air poppers or anything else I have tried.Bottom line:  PowerPop is worth trying.
This popper works pretty well if you don't put too much in it. After trying different methods, I find that its best to keep the amount of popcorn to a minimum. I usually have to pop twice to get the amount I want because if you put too much, half the kernels will not pop.Its a bit messy to clean up because during the popping the oil splatters all over inside the popper. Other than that its not bad.
Unlike my Mr. Coffee drip coffeemaker, for which you just dump in the grounds and water and press a button, the Bodum French Press requires a bit of experimentation to perfect the brew. Initially, I didn't understand that you had to use coarsely ground beans. The result of using finely ground beans is a gritty, extremely strong coffee. You can drink it, but will find a slurry of fine grounds at the bottom of the cup - drink slowly and gently so as not to disturb the grounds !I now grind the beans at home and just pulse the grinder a few times rather than holding it down for 10 seconds or more, so that the grounds are rather chunky instead of powdery. If you buy a bag of beans at Starbucks you can ask them to grind it for you for use in a French Press.I only make 2 cups at a time in my Bodum because it cools too quickly. Alternatively, you can make more and pour it into a thermos.After use, you have to disassemble the filter assembly for cleaning, as well as scrubbing the carafe. I don't put it into the dishwasher since I don't want to discolor the metal or damage the plastic parts.Though I don't use the Bodum every day due to the extra fuss required, on a more leisurely weekend, it's an indulgent treat to labor a bit over the production of a fine carafe of coffee, sipping it slowly while perusing the morning paper. The extra effort, plus the jolt of caffeine, will get your day off to a great start!
QUICK SUMMARY:  I'm not a coffee connoisseur, so I can't say how much better this coffee maker makes coffee over a drip coffee maker.  But the coffee this French Press makes is tasty, using it is simple, and the clean-up is very easy.  The only thing I'd like better is measuring lines on the carafe (I'm particular with my units-of-measure).Background:  A few days after getting this coffee maker, I did a blind taste test by brewing coffee made with this French press and with my Mr. Coffee drip coffee maker.  I used the exact same coffee blend and amount (course ground for this maker, finely ground for the drip maker) and the same amount of water, then poured the finished brews into two different coffee cups and had my wife taste them both.  The French press coffee steeped for four minutes.  My wife noted the slightly stronger aroma and slightly stronger taste of the French press coffee, but both were similarly good-tasting.  She gave me the same blind test, and I struggled to pick the coffee made with the French press, which was (to me) *very* slightly stronger in taste (I noticed no noticeable difference in aroma).  In short, neither of us found that this French press made a superior cup of coffee over our drip coffee maker.  That said, there are other reasons to like this French press.WHAT I LIKE:- It's a nice, simple way to serve guests a special kind of coffee they may especially enjoy- Using the pump-action was very easy and (with coarse ground coffee) has no chance of clogging the filter- I prefer the glass carafe that won't leach chemicals into my coffee vs. plastic-based carafes- The small, compact size makes it easy to stow away (rather than leaving it on the kitchen counter)- Very nice to make just two mugfulls of coffee to share with your significant other- Cleaning the filter and carafe was much easier and faster than I thought it'd be- No paper filters makes this a green product- No heating element (use a thermos mug or carafe instead) also saves energy, tooWhat could be BETTER:- In order to get the perfect mix of coffee grounds to water, it'd be helpful to have measuring lines on the carafe so I could fill the carafe to the exact same water level each time I use it.  If I'm trying to brew, for instance, just 12 or 24 ounces, it's guesswork unless I fill the carafe with a measuring cup, creating an unnecessary step in the brewing process (not a big deal, but just unnecessary).Conclusion:  Since I can't really tell a big difference between the coffee this maker creates from my Mr. Coffee drip maker, I can't say that I love this product, but I do love that other people will like the coffee this maker makes, and that it's a green product.  Recommended!
as others have commented, the top part is the motor, and while the food you are chopping will stick to the bottom of the top part, you can't immerse the top part in hot, soapy water or you might electrocute yourself.  All you can do is sponge clean the top part.I've had the chopper for almost two years, it works well. Yet, I worry that it has never been "completely" cleaned and sterilized the way I would like it to be.A major design defect??????
I was lucky enough to purchase two of these from Amazon about 8 years ago for $9.95 each.  I've always used it, but not regularly.  As time passes, I have used it for more and more things.  I think I forget about it sitting on the shelf and chop onions, parsley, etc.. myself.  The only thing that it won't do, is make small, even, bread crumbs from fresh bread.  What it makes is good enough to use in recipes for filler.  Last night when I was washing it in the sink, I put the blade into the base with the soap.  Somehow it got twisted and the blade lodged into the sides and refused to budge.  My husband worked on it for sometime, and finally removed the blade, leaving deep gouges in the plastic container.  Aside from the 'scars', it works fine and I've promised myself that I will use it more.
I used to have theProctor Silex Food Chopper, but somehow lost it in a move. When I went to replace it I decided on theBlack & Decker 3-Cup 2-Speed Food Chopperfor two reasons - 1) It held twice the capacity and 2) It was in my price range.I use this one when I have a small chopping job. Some of the things I regularly chop in it are nuts, onions, peppers, hard cheeses and bread. It's also great for making homemade pesto and salsa.Cleaning can be a little tedious, but once you've done it a few times you'll get it down to a science. Overall a reliable little chopper for the price.
For chopping things like a handful of nuts, half an onion or a chunked up stalk of celery, the B & D chopper is perfect. It's powerful and SHARP!  It's easy to clean and its small size makes it easy to store.Two issues:  it can be hard to turn on, and the design is not ergonomic.  If you're doing extended chopping, operate the on button with your thumb.  The other issue is esthetic.  Although the instructions say he chopping bowl is top rack dishwasher safe, mine immediately became cloudy and there's something that looks suspiciously like a crack down the side.  I haven't put it in the dishwasher again, it doesn't affect the gadget's function, and it's very fast and easy to wash by hand, but thought it deserved a mention.
June 25, 2014 update:  I am happy to say that my replacement chopper is unchanged from the one that I bought nine years ago.  It comes with a two-year limited warranty that covers any defect in material or workmanship, not to exceed the purchase price of the product, so save your receipt.June 11, 2014 update:  If you were ever going to get one of these, today is the day.  Amazon has them priced at $10.33, a price I have not seen for literally several years.  It is worth it just to get the plastic bowl, which is no longer available as a replacement part. This is also a perfect gift for that graduate starting on his/her own or anyone else establishing a new household.February 13, 2014 update:  In response to a question posted today about getting a replacement bowl, I learned the following information.  After checking their parts listing online, I called Black & Decker directly, 800-738-0245, and spoke to a representative.  As of right now, they will sell replacement parts for the base lid and the blade assembly for this model chopper, but they no longer offer the bowl separately as a replacement part.  The representative added that no other bowl in their line will fit this model. That means that if the bowl cracks, you now have to buy a completely new chopper.  The replacement bowl that B&D; gave me has lasted about 8 years even though it started to split in 2012 (but as of now it still does not leak); I suspect that if I had not cleaned it for many of those years in the dishwasher, it would have lasted longer. Following is are my review and updates from 2005 forward.As a chopper to use on a daily basis, this is unbeatable.  The blades are much more substantial than on other products of this size.  However, you have to be very careful with the plastic bowl.  The center section that holds the blade has begun to break.  Currently half of the circular holder (in the middle) is gone.  Although it will still hold the blade, if it breaks any more, it probably won't.  I'm going to have to find a replacement for the plastic bowl.  October 18, 2005 update:  Guess what?  I contacted Black & Decker online, and they have a company that they refer you to that handles their replacement parts.  In this case they are sending me a complimentary new 3 cup plastic bowl.  I wish I could change my rating upward; this is real customer service.  July 5, 2007 update:  Since I received the replacement bowl, I have used this appliance constantly, that is, three to five times a week.  I have had no problems with the center section of the replacement bowl.  February 8, 2008 update:  Note that when Amazon runs this item for $12.99, it is really a screaming deal.August 16, 2011 update:  You know what?  This thing is still going strong.  I have had no trouble whatsoever with the replacement bowl.  Just don't stress this chopper out with something like chestnuts; those simply need to be cut up by hand.December 22, 2012 update:  The replacement bowl has developed a crack in the bottom, after seven years of constant use, but as long as it does not leak, I will not replace it.  However, I note that as of this date, the current price is $17.12 with super saver shipping, the lowest price that I have seen this item for months.
The Brew `N Go Coffeemaker makes one mug of coffee.  It comes with a mug rest, travel mug with handle, mug lid, brew basket and permanent filter.  Besides making coffee you can use the coffeemaker to brew hot water for other hot beverages such as tea, hot chocolate, instant oatmeal, soups, and more.What I like about the Brew `N Go Coffeemaker:The fact that it makes one cup of coffee.  I'm the only one in the house who drinks coffee and this way, I'm not making a large pot that no one else drinks.  It is very easy to use: using the travel mug you pour water into the water dispenser (when deciding how much water to use make sure to leave room for cream and sugar) that way you decide how much coffee to drink.  After pouring the water, add milk, and whatever sweeteners you want to use into the mug, put the lid on the travel mug, and put it on the mug rest. Add the amount of coffee you want into the permanent filter, close the cover and turn the coffee pot on (another plus is the coffeemaker automatically shuts off when the brewing cycle is done). The coffee is ready in just a few minutes.  The mug lid, brew basket, and permanent filter are very easy to clean.  And since the travel mug is stainless steel there's no worry about it breaking while you're cleaning it. The coffee is quite tasty.What I don't like about the Brew `N Go Coffeemaker:It can be a bit messy.  It is not always easy to judge how much water to put into the reservoir and my coffeemaker has dripped excess water a few times. Because the lid is on the travel mug during the brewing process it can get quite dirty (but it is very easy to clean).  I like my coffee to be hot I it find the coffee isn't quite hot enough for my taste.  The mug rest is not a warmer so I end up transferring the coffee to another cup that I can stick in the microwave to heat the coffee up.  Also, when washing the travel mug water seems to get inside the lining and the mug leaks from the top were placed upside down after washing.Bottom-line:While there are a few things I don't like about the Brew `N Go Coffeemaker, there are a lot more things I do like about it and recommend it for anyone looking for a single cup coffee maker.
I am a lady janitor and true to the myth janitors take lot's of coffee breaks. I was hitting up the local Dunkin Donuts twice a day.At $2.16 a cup it was getting to be an expensive habit for a lady janitors purse.I considered getting a Keruig brewer but the cost and the cost of pods was too high for my budget.I also wanted to brew Dunkin Donuts brand ground coffee.What I like about the Brew 'n Go:*The price is perfect!*Small and light weight.It's quite small but I would not say this is "desktop size"*Brews fast! Takes only about 3-5 minutes to brew a cup.*Brews a generous amount of coffee.*Coffee is very hot! Yes, the outer mug surface gets hot but unless your tender skinned it not too hot to hold.The mug keeps it warm for quite a long time.*I love that it shuts off automatically.What I don't like about the Brew 'n Go:*It takes quite a few tries to peg down exactly how much grinds to use to get a perfect cup.Use too much and you end up with a bitter,messy cup of coffee mixed with grinds (That can happen even if use decide to use a paper filter) Use too few grinds and the coffee will be weak.So, keep in mind that there will be a learning curve to get to your "perfect cup"*The mug is nice however it does hold the aroma of coffee after just a few uses.I wash it just after finishing my coffee and I still cannot get the cup to smell clean.This may be an issue for tea/coffee drinkers intending to go back and forth from coffee to tea. ****UPDATE**** I have since purchased a stainless steel lined mg to replace the mug that came with coffee maker. The included mug became unusable after a few months of use because it held a strong odor.*The power cord is rather short.This may limit it's placement or require an extension cord.Overall, I like it! The price is great.If you are on the fence about getting a Keruig personal brewer perhaps try this first as the price is much lower and the serving size is bigger! I use the #2 cone filters and they fit and work perfectly! The use of a paper filter is neater and faster than using the permanent filter.In closing I find it to be an excellent value.
It does what it is supposed to do. I have only used it a few times because I am not a heavy coffee drinker but some days like to have a cup. Didn't want anything too expensive. If you just want a one serving, easy coffee maker, this is good. No filters to fuss with and &#34;to go&#34; cup. I measuse out how much water I want in my cup then pour it in another cup. Place my cup under on the base and pour the other cup of water in it. Otherwise you might overfill your cup!
I adore coffee but needed to cut down and this machine is perfect.I find most of the negatives people have expressed as inconsequential; the noise is delightful, it drips a little after it is finished brewing so I put an empty cup underneath, I simply wipe the grinds off of the inside top every day. I have used this daily since Nov 5, 2005 with Drip coffee from Intellignetsia or Newman's own French roast and have enjoyed every cup.I have an assortment of coffee makers that may brew better and hotter coffee but I use the Black and Decker one cup every day. I keep it upstairs in my two story house, stumble out of bed, push the button and it is ready by the time I brush my teeth and wash my face. If the mug were better I would give it five stars, I prefer the feel of my own ceramic mug.I recommend it without hesitation.
**UPDATED:  December 2010 **  I deducted a star because this coffee maker doesn't last long.  It seems at least once a year I'm reordering another Brew 'n' Go for Mom because one went on the fritz.  Also, one or two she's had didn't work right from the beginning, they didn't heat up the water to "Hot"... it was just "Warm".  So the overall quality is disappointing, but there aren't a lot of options for single-cup coffee makers on the market unless Mom gets a Keurig, and Mom isn't interested in buying the mandatory K-cups.  So, she's sticking with the Brew 'n' Go for now but I'm on the lookout for a better quality option for when her latest Brew 'n' Go goes kaput.**Original review**I don't personally own this coffeemaker, but my mother does and loves it to pieces, so I'm writing this review for her, as she's never online.Mom bought one for herself when she finally got fed up with making a pot of coffee, only to have 1/2 of it go to waste because she was the only one drinking it (my father doesn't drink coffee).With this coffeemaker, she brews it into the included travel mug, doctors it to her taste, and into the car it goes for her morning commute.  She liked it so much, she bought another Brew 'n Go for her to use at work as a pick-me-up through the day.  And, she liked that second one so much, she now buys the Brew 'n Go as gifts for others who admire her own Brew 'n Go.It brews hot coffee, it does what it's supposed to do with minimal-to-no mess, so she loves it for that.  The travel mug holds the coffee, it does what it's supposed to do, so she loves the travel mug for that.  And she likes the permanent filter feature too, so she no longer has to buy coffee filters!  All in all, Mom's really happy she bought the Brew 'n Go.... sure, she already had a coffee pot, but the Brew 'n Go was simply perfect for her.
This makes hot coffee fast.  I use it at work.  The cord is extremely short, so I have an extension cord on my desk for it.  I used #1 paper coffee filters instead of the reusable filter because the reusable filters usually allow coffee dust through.  The only thing I would like to see is a taller coffee mug.  I use a larger mug so there's enough room for milk, so I pour the coffee from the shorter mug into my larger travel mug.  If you drink your coffee black, you might not have this problem.  The mug gets very hot, which probably means all the heat is escaping from the coffee.  I don't know how long the coffee stays hot because I don't drink it from the original mug.  If the coffee brewer was taller so I could use my own travel mug, I'd give it five stars.
I took the advice of another reviewer who said this stainless steel coffee percolator works on her induction stove and bought it specifically for that purpose. Maybe it's a difference in the way the cookware sensors work on my Max Burton and her burner, but mine gives me a decided "no" and won't turn on. I was mightily disappointed, but I can't fault the product for it. Farberware does not claim this pot to be induction-ready.It's really too bad. It's a gorgeous coffee pot, high-quality stainless steel, easy to clean, and very well designed. It perfectly fits the smaller eye of an electric stove. The only thing I don't like about it, and I knocked off one star because it's a serious design issue, is that the spring that the percolator basket sits on is not attached to the brew spindle. This makes it very easy to drop it or lose it. Farberware should take direction from Presto in this regard.So I'm back to the plug-in Presto for perking coffee and will use this pot just for heating water on the stove. I really really really wanted this to be induction-ready! :(
It took some trial and error to get some GREAT coffee from this pot. We are new to the percolator style of coffee and have learned a few things. The instructions are not wrong. DO NOT BOIL YOUR COFFEE. While setting up camp our first pot started to boil by accident so we thought we would try it anyway. It was so bad we were almost ready to pull out the power inverter and electric drip and never use this again. I tried another pot later and watched it like a hawk. After it started to percolate I turned the stove way low, just enough to keep it going and it came out good. It takes about 30 min to brew a pot so plan ahead. We used it the rest of the trip and with good spring water and great coffee (Stewarts) we had good results.Then I tried it at home. It took about 40 min but was GREAT! Why does it work better at home? I think it is the stove. My camp stove is hot, I think it's hotter than my home stove. It is easier to control the heat at home.The pot does come with a plastic knob and the glass one did not qualify as a prime amazon purchase so shipping was almost as much as the knob. After using it I know I don't NEED a glass knob. The knob it is not a problem. The plastic one is just fine.We had a lot of fun with this and are glad we have it.
Ha ha -Amazon isn't firing on all cylinders with this one.  I ordered this percolator because it was supposed to have a glass top.  When I got it, the top was plastic.  I sent an email saying "Where is the glass top you advertised" and got an email back saying "You must have received a defective or outdated item we have shipped you a new item".  By the time I got the email the item was already shipped.  Of course when it arrived it also has a plastic top.  Why don't they just change their description?  Who knows.  The percolator works great, looks great, but if you are trying to get rid of plastic in the kitchen be forewarned - the knob on top is plastic, not glass.  On the upside, I was able to get a glass knob at my local mom and pop hardware store for 2.00.  A much better deal than ordering it from an independent seller on Amazon and paying through the nose for shipping.  The small glass top from Fitz-all fits the pot perfectly.
For years I pondered buying a percolator because I remember when my grandmother use to use a percolator such as this to make coffee.  To me coffee brewing in a percolator smells just heavenly.  Even though I rarely drink straight coffee, preferring my beverage to be more of a coffee drink than just brewed coffee with milk and sugar, I finally decided to purchase this one since it was reasonably priced at $19.99 and because my boyfriend is a regular coffee drinker.PROS:- The basket insert has very small horizontal openings for the water to drain through. This means not many grinds fall into the brewed coffee.  With a round disc coffee filter such asMelitta U S A Inc 628354 White Disc Coffee Filter, almost zero grinds fall in.- The outside of the pot has a cup indicator so it's easy to measure the water. Four (5 oz.) cups of water is the minimum level; eight (5 oz.) cups is max.- The lid fits snugly.- The pot pours easily.CONS:- The basket sits on a spring and that part is very easy to lose down the drain or in the garbage. I'm afraid that one day I'm going to forget to remove it from the post before dumping the coffee grinds from the basket.- I would have preferred a glass top instead of the pastic one supplied.  Apparently aClear glass percolator top, fits Farberware, etc.can be purchased for an additional $6.  It would have been nice if this product came with a glass top for an extra $3 in cost.- The major con for me is that there's about a tablespoon of water left in the pot after I hand wash it.  Hand washing is recommended.  The lip on the pot prevented me from dumping this small amount of water out so every time I wash this pot my drying towels get soaked.Despite the cons, I'm very pleased with this purchase and coffee brewing in a percolator still smells heavenly.
NOTE: Before you read the review, please note that this unit does NOT have a glass knob, as the ad clearly states that it does: "..although the filter basket and GLASS cap can go into the dishwasher." If this is important to you, then order a glass knob along with the percolator. I actually believed the ad and didn't order one; now, I've ordered two different ones to see which I like better. The opening, by the way, is roughly 3/4's of an inch. Now, on to the review.....UPDATE: I received several glass tops and the ONLY one that fit wasFitz-All Replacement Percolator Top, Small. I've made 20 pots of coffee with the new glass top and it NEVER leaks one drop! Doesn't have a rubber gasket but a metal one; flanged side goes UP, toward the lid. The opening for the coffee to perk is ever so slightly smaller than the plastic one, so be CAREFUL when placing the lid on top of the spindle holding the coffee basket. If you jam it on, you could fracture the glass knob or bend the spindle. I've had no problems but am aware that I need to be a bit gentle when placing the lid onto the pot.UPDATE II: I am beyond in love with this coffee maker and the ambrosial coffee it makes! Wanna "turn it up a notch"? Try adding a 2" piece of cinnamon stick to the coffee basket prior to placing in the ground coffee or a vanilla bean, snipped into 1/3rds. After brewing, you'll have the BEST darn naturally flavoured coffee ANYWHERE!!! The 2" size I listed is so you allow for expansion of the cinnamon or vanilla bean, which quadruple in size. And, if you think you can't afford real vanilla beans, I've used this seller on ebay for 5 years now: just type into ebay 'vanillaproducts' for the vendor and look for 'Grade B Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla Beans 6~7'. They sell in every quantity possible; I usually buy the 50 count bag, which equals .25 cents per pod! There is NO REASON whatsoever that you need to buy the more expensive beans they sell, which are for making your own extract. Happy coffee brewing, amazon members. :)**************************************************************************************************************************************If you're old enough to remember Mrs. Olson and her "Mountain Grown" coffee ads, then that's probably the reason why you're looking into buying a percolator coffee maker.  Before I purchased this unit, I read over 50 reviews and the bulk of them mentioned "...my Grandma's old-style percolator" as to one of the reasons they wanted to go retro, again. It was the same for me: I was just tired to bits & pieces of the dull, bland coffee that my drip-coffee maker created and ached for that uber-rich coffee flavour of my youth. Like many who purchased this unit, I also own a French Press but it only makes 4 small cups of coffee and I had NO interest in buying yet another French Press when I could use the same amount of money to try a percolator. Mind you, I'd never made perk coffee a day of my life; I was only "gifted" a small saucer's worth as a wee girl, mixed with cream and sugar. So, I had no clue as to the process or if it was just my imagination that the coffee tasted better; I just remember being captivated by the bubbling coffee shooting up into the glass knob. I also wanted a coffee maker that did NOT "plug in", since we live in a very rural area of Michigan where we lose power at least twice a month from tree damage to power lines. With a gas stove, we're guaranteed being able to cook and make coffee.I like the fact that this is stainless, since the jury is out on the link between Alzheimer's and Aluminum. Since my Granma cooked with nothing but aluminum pans once they became popular and she died from Alzheimer's, I avoid ALL aluminum products, period!!! (Better Safe Than Sorry). It arrived in record time in a very sturdy and colourful box and with very CLEAR INSTRUCTIONS. The pot was washed and I went about making my first trial pot of 8 cups.Let me tell you right now: you MUST adjust your Instant Gratification Standards for perk coffee because 1/2 hour of your life will slip by, waiting for the darn thing to be finished!!! LOL I was so excited to relive my childhood that I sat a chair down in front of the stove, with a stop watch going in my hand, so I could not only figure out the time I needed to make the coffee but also to witness that first bubbling "perk". Twenty pots later, I've shaved 5 minutes off of the time by prepping the coffee basket the night before and also filling it with filtered water. I've noticed ZERO difference between a freshly drawn potful of water and the same water sitting overnight. About filling the basket: one reviewer has the brilliant idea of using a marble to plug the hole of the basket, avoiding grounds falling down the tube. No marbles are available to me so this is what I do with 100% success: hold the basket in one hand, with your thumb over the tube hole and your pointing finger holding the bottom of the basket. Using a coffee measurer, after each scoop is placed in the basket, give it a tiny shake (to settle the coffee) and rotate it. I have steady hands so I don't spill any grounds but if you are unsure, place a paper plate under the area that you're filling coffee and when done, simply bend the plate to form a funnel and pour the spilled grounds back into your container.Having read all the instructions, I wet down the metal filter before putting the grounds inside of it and make sure that the flame from my gas stove NEVER wicks up the side of the pot, creating burn marks and a scorched handle. Also, it is recommended that once it begins to perk, you reduce the flame so the water doesn't bubble and splatter through the pour spout. I've NEVER had a drop of coffee escape the pot, following these directions. Also: SET A TIMER, when the coffee begins to perk! Time goes by faster than you think and you end up with burnt coffee!It took 3 different pots of coffee for me to figure out what is right for ME: 6.5 cups of water (.5 for evaporation while brewing and absorbtion by the grounds) and 7 flat tablespoons of coffee. The first batch was too watery, the second batch had grounds oozing out of the metal basket, and I nailed it at the 3rd attempt. Initially, I wanted to make 8 cups of coffee, but the basket can barely hold the 7 tablespoons I place inside of it so I know that 9 tablespoons ain't gonna happen. As it turns out, the coffee is SO RICH tasting and SO flavourful at the ratio I use, I'm perfectly fine with the 6 cups. I set a timer for 10 minutes, once it's perking, and that extracts the full flavour from the grounds.A high quality carafe is absolutely essential!!!! Mine holds 4 cups of liquid, so I brew 6.5 cups, pour 4 cups into the pre-warmed carafe, pound down the two cups of coffee in the pot (which is my style) and then leisurely drink the piping hot coffee from the carafe. Carafes are few and far between now adays; they were wildly popular from the 20's-70's. I still have my Mikasa carafe from my wedding (1970), which not only has a locking top to prevent any heat from escaping but also a flanged drip cover to prevent ANY drips from going down the side. Check ebay and thrift stores for carafes before you go out and buy a new one; the new ones just don't keep in the heat like the old ones do.All in all, I'm over the moon about this coffee maker and it is my true indulgence on lazy days. I'll sadly need to use my drip maker for work days but this little percolator will be in my thoughts for all upcoming weekends. :)**************************************************************************************************************************************Additional thoughts/comments:If the Art of Pouring is important to you, then you will adore and cherish this pot!!!! I grew up in the age where a hostess poured the coffee for guests and passed it to them; there is NOTHING worse than what my Granma used to call "a pissin' pot", which is a tea or coffee pot with a "bladder problem", whereby the spout dribbles the liquid all down the sides or shoots the hot tea/coffee out of the spout! Both are bad news and this pot pours coffee as if NASA designed the specs! I wish I could give the pouring action 10 stars alone!!!!!I read in many reviews that people didn't like the volume of grounds that were in the pot after perking. So, I ordered thePerma-Brew 3 Year Re-useable Coffee Filter, Disk. DO NOT BUY IT! DO NOT BUY IT! DO NOT BUY IT!!!! The darn thing is SO teeny-tiny that you can ONLY place 4 tablespoons of coffee in the basket, and they expand and overflow into the coffee, making more of a mess than the metal basket EVER did! After one trial, I cleaned it and donated it to Goodwill! Save the $8 bucks and use it to buy more coffee!!!I rarely give a product less than 5 stars because I do a vast amount of research before I buy anything and am rarely disappointed. I thought long & hard about how many stars to give this product, wavering between the 5 star coffee it makes and the 4 star description of the actual coffee maker. I settled on the 4 stars. Now, as to the WHY: 1) As mentioned above, the knob is PLASTIC!!!! I wanted a GLASS knob and had to pay extra shipping to receive it; had I ordered it initially, the tag-along feature would have provided FREE SHIPPING! Grrrrr!!! B) Now, this "May or May Not" bother you; YOU decide. The ad and the box very clearly state that their are measurements on the pot. Well, NOT ON MY POT!!! I couldn't find them Inside; I couldn't find them Outside. I've got ancient eyes and even with using a magnifying lens, neither my husband nor I could find the measurement marks, even by taking the pot outside into the sunshine. When my 16 year old granddaughter came over, I had her take a hard look at it and she found "scratches", buried in the shadow cast by the handle. I call them "scratches" because it looks like this is where the measurements SHOULD be, but the casting for my pot's marks clearly didn't take an impression. THERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO MARKS INSIDE THE UNIT! Now, I'm not stupid so I clearly figured a way around this; I simply take out an 8 cup measuring cup and pour 6.5 cups of water into it, and then into coffee pot. However, if you are planning on using the pot as your measuring device: BEWARE!!!!! Your pot may have faint or no marks, too! I own several sets of vintage aluminum measuring cups from the '60's that have heavily embossed measurements on them; same goes for camping pans we own, so I know it can be done. As I mentioned, I easily figured out a method of measuring water into the pot but if you're the kind of person that hates to dirty even ONE more dish to do a task, this might bother you. Since it's just water, I let it air dry like the rest of the dishes.And regarding coffee: if you haven't tried Folger Brand Coffees since childhood, PLEASE GIVE THEM A RE-TRY! As I grew older, I turned against Folger's since the only coffee my relative's bought was the Columbian-type, which is too light and acidic tasting for me. My mind (and taste buds) were turned around when I was visiting a friend who had made the most delicious pot of coffee I had had in years. Thinking it was either Starbuck's or some very pricey blend, I asked her and she laughed, saying, "You're an Old Swede, Pie Grrrl! You should know we always drink F.O.L.G.E.R.S!" Well, this wasn't Granny's Folger's, I can tell you that! She buys two types and blends them for a custom brew and we follow the same formula: 1:1 ratio of Folger's Gourmet Supreme & Folger's French Roast. We buy the 27.8 ounce canister when it's on sale for $7.88, which is a fantastic price, and blend the two of them in a large plastic container.Between the beloved percolator and our custom-blend coffee, each lazy day is a special day to wake up to! :)************************************************************************************************************************************Addendum: If you want to go even MORE "Green" with this purchase, why not recycle those daily used coffee grounds? I can absolutely, positively recommend using the old grounds in your garden, since I've been doing that my entire life. Without the messy ol' paper filter from a drip pot, shaking the used grounds into a plastic container to carry out to the garden is easy-peasy. This is what I do: once the grounds are room temperature, dump them into a bowl of choice. Allow them to air-dry for easy distribution. In the early evening, when I refill my bird feeders, I take the almost dried grounds out to the garden, and then shake them on top of the soil, to be dug in at a later time. My Gran crushed all her egg shells and mixed them with the used coffee, digging them into the vegetable/herb garden each year. Once your tomatoes and peppers are planted into a coffee-ground enriched soil, you've NEVER tasted such flavourful veggies!!!!! I also spread the grounds on top of my hosta bed, rose bed and the azaleas.Here are 9 other uses for used coffee grounds, of which I can NOT verify, but it's fun to pass them along:10. Deodorizer. Dry them out on a cookie sheet and then put them in a bowl in your refrigerator or freezer, or rub them on your hands to get rid of food prep smells like onion and garlic.9. (Already mentioned):Plant food. Plants such as rosebushes, azaleas, rhododendrons, evergreen and camellias that prefer acidic soils will appreciate the leftovers from your morning cup. Also, grounds can add nutrients to your compost bin.8. Insect repellant. Sprinkle old grounds around places you don't want ants, or on the ant piles themselves. The little buggers will move on or stay away. Used grounds are also said to repel snails and slugs.7. Dye. By steeping grounds in hot water, you can make brown dye for fabric, paper and even Easter eggs.6. Furniture scratch cover-up. Steep grounds and apply a bit of the liquid to furniture scratches with a Q-tip.5. Cleaning product. As they're slightly abrasive, grounds can be used as a scouring agent for greasy and grimy stain-resistant objects4. Critter repellent. To keep critters from using the garden as their personal powder room, sprinkle grounds mixed with orange peels around your plants.3. Boost your carrot harvest. Mixing fresh grounds with the tiny seeds makes them easier to sow and may repel root maggots and other wee beasties.2. Dust inhibitor. Before you clean out the fireplace, toss wet coffee grounds over the ashes to keep the ash dust under control.And, finally, the #1 use for used coffee grounds....drum roll here....Cellulite reducer. I kid you not.  We're supposed to mix 1/4 cup warm, used coffee grounds with 1 tablespoon of olive oil, then, while standing over an old towel or newspaper, we're to apply the mixture to our "problem areas". Next, wrap the areas with shrink wrap and leave on for several minutes. Unwind the wrap, brush loose grounds off our skin and then shower with warm water. For best results, it is recommended to repeat this procedure twice a week. A little weird to be sure, but as high priced cellulite creams actually have coffee in them, it just might work.
This coffee maker is a classy and classic product, taking us back to the days when coffee was made on the stove in a percolator. This product allows you to do that again. This review, which may be a bit lengthy, considers two questions: How good is the product, and how good is the coffee? These questions, while related, are different, but both are important to a decision on buying this coffee maker.The appearance of the percolator is outstanding. It's shiny and classy in a beautiful retro way; it *looks* like a percolator and doesn't try to be sleek and modern. It was modern in its long-ago day, and that look is replicated in this model. You'll certainly want to keep the shine and the beauty of the metal construction with careful and thorough cleaning after each use.The unit is sturdy. There is no worry about fragile glass carafes, non-immersible electrical parts, and so on. While I don't recommend dropping the unit, it will survive an average dropping incident --- those glass carafes would be history but not this percolator. The metal sides, top, and bottom are relatively thick, giving the unit surprising heft. It's made to fit exactly on a small gas or electric range burner. I don't think there is much risk of the bottom burning through with use; it seems heavy enough to last for a really long time.There are a couple of minor construction drawbacks (hence the four star, rather than five star rating). There is a spring that fits over the interior shaft that might deform with time, and certainly can be lost down a sink drain, so do take care with that particular part. The handle is attached with a screw that might work loose and need tightening, and over time this might be a problem as it is with so many pots and pans. Finally, the "perk" top on the lid is plastic and not especially attractive; it is a screw fit and I think it will wear with time and become loose. Fortunately, there is a nice after-market glass top that shows up on the Amazon product page, and it's well worth buying to replace the plastic top. The add-on glass top has the added advantage of improving the "retro" look and charm of the unit.As noted above, everything can be banged around the kitchen (within reason) and immersed in soapy water. While the unit has a lot of parts compared to a drip machine, and will take longer to clean, you at least *can* get it completely spiffy-and-like-new clean, whereas nearly all drip machines are really hard to keep fully clean, what with all the angles and nooks and crannies in the area of the basket.So, given that I'm convinced that as percolators go, this one is a gem: well-made, durable, attractive, and inexpensive, how good is the coffee? All the retro charm in the world won't matter if your cup of joe isn't satisfactory. And here's where it gets interesting.My research, and I did quite a bit before buying this unit, tells me that there are schools of thought about perked coffee. Some coffee fans think it's the worst thing you can ever do to coffee. Some think it's just great and that they've rediscovered a long lost secret (lost since about 1970, anyhow, when drip machines came on the scene and pushed percolators mostly out of the picture). General thought about drip coffee is decidedly middle of the road: drip coffee seems mostly viewed as good to good enough, but the high-end fans have a French press, do cold extraction, and engage in all manner of exotic coffee production methods in search of the perfect cup.I grew up on perked coffee (I prefer the spellings "percolator" and "perked"); the smell of coffee perking was a familiar morning sensation when I was a tiny lad in the 1950s. But I've used a drip machine most of my adult life, and I'm learning just how to make good perked coffee. This is taking a little time, and I'm coming to the conclusion that perked coffee may or may not be better than drip, but it is without any doubt different.1. Perked coffee is much more work to make, and with a stove top unit, you really can't do this unattended. No clocks or timers, no automatic cycles. The upside of this, though, is that you have complete control over the process.2. Perked coffee has a denser, fuller texture than drip, due to the water being cycled multiple times through the grounds instead of in a single pass. If you don't like this texture, you might think the coffee is muddy, compared with the relatively clear and smooth texture of drip coffee. If you do like the perked texture, you'll think that drip coffee is thin. It's a matter of taste.3. There's more chance for error with perked coffee (as per point 1 above) and a chance for completely ruining the brew if you let the coffee boil. The risks with a drip machine are far less.4. The percolator has more parts to clean, but at least you can clean them all and thoroughly (see earlier paragraphs).5. Perked coffee comes out piping hot, and in the Yosemite unit, it stays hot for a long time. Compare with the significantly cooler coffee produced by many drip machines, and the wimpy warming plates on the cheaper units.What's my bottom line? I'll state it here, but don't expect the same results, because a lot is a matter of individual taste and habits. If you are a long-time drip coffee drinker, you probably won't like perked coffee unless you give it a substantial trial period and become accustomed to its differences.I like perked coffee for the hotness of the brew and the fullness of the extraction. For me, it's a better overall experience than drip coffee. I also think less expensive, everyday sorts of  coffee are brewed to better advantage in a percolator, again because of the full extraction. (For anyone else in Hawaii or familiar with Hawaiian coffee, my idea of everyday kine coffee is something like Lion Classic, and da fancy kine coffee is 100% Kona.) While I have yet to use any of my 100% Kona coffee in the percolator, I expect that such less full-bodied coffees, with more delicate flavors, won't do as well in the percolator. Percolators are, if you will, a little on the violent side, and are not kind to sensitive coffees.So, to summarize:1. I brew "everyday" coffees in the percolator on mornings when I am not pressed for time.2. I brew "high end" coffees, such as 100% Kona, in the drip machine, and I also use the drip machine when I am short on time.I hope this review is useful and welcome further discussion and dialog.
If you appreciate a cup of perked coffee, this is a very handsome percolator that makes a nice amount of coffee. It's a nice, shiny stainless steel with a tight fitting lid. The perking assembly is separate from the top so you need to make sure it's centered well to fit the lid on properly. When the lid is fitted, it closes with an audible snap.The basket and assembly is well made and easy to clean.I use a gas stove, and this works beautiful on it. My only issue with it is the plastic dome. If you're a purist, you'll want to replace it with a glass dome. But that's easily enough done, and for the price, this is a gorgeous coffee maker!Nothing smells like coffee perking, and I love manual methods of coffee making. I still my electric drip pot most of the time because it's convenient, but when I want to just enjoy a cup of coffee, this makes a good cup.
This 15 piece everyday kitchen too set is great for the price. It has pretty much what every kitchen needs.
I purchased this 4 years or so ago and it's been a great help to have in the kitchen.  I love that the measurements are angled because it makes it extremely easy to read, especially if I am trying to juggle other tasks in the kitchen.  The handle is also extremely easy to grip, even with messy or slippery hands.  Overall it has been a very durable product and even though I have had it for years and have dropped it countless times i is still crack-free and in perfect condition.  The only thing I have noticed is that some of the measuremens have started to scratch off.  However, after 4 years of extremely regular use I am not that surprised.  The numbers are also still mostly visable so it hasn't caused me to have to purchase a new one.I know that other reviewers have mentioned that this becomes hard to clean when used with fats, but I have never had that issue.  I regularly use it with vegetable oils, heavy creams, etc. and have always found it washes up perfectly by hand or in the top rack of the dishwasher.Overall it is a great product and worth the extra money it costs over a basic measuring cup for the angled measurements and great grippy handle.
These are really great liquid measuring cups! I picked them up as part of a 4 for 3 promotion, just an add on to some things I really wanted/needed. Well, they are one of the best impulse purchases I have made in quite some time! Being able to look down into the cup and ascertain proper measure is certainly a good deal easier than the stoop and peer at the side I have been doing for years. It is also more reliable than the quick, pick it up and glance at the side I do when I am in a rush. The handles on the cups are also nice. They grip well and make pouring a breeze. The cups appear to be well constructed and I have thrown them in the dishwasher several times already and they have come out fine, so far. If there are any issues with etching or fading I will update this review.Recommended.
These things are super stable and incredibly easy to use. The fact that you can see the markings from above makes this one a lot more accurate in my opinion. The only drawback is the awkward internal shape. If you're like me, I like making sure I get all of whatever I'm measuring out of my measuring cup. All the strange corners and angles inside this container make that difficult.
I've had the angled measuring cup for about a year now. I bought it after watching Alton Brown's "Good Eats" TV show on the Food Network.The cup works well, but it takes a bit of getting used to at first. I don't do a whole lot of measuring, so the I don't pull this out that often. The cup is lighter than I expected and doesn't have that same heft you find in Pyrex. That's a minor complaint, the cup is durable and a great value for the price available on Amazon.March 2009 update: This cup is still holding up well and has replaced every other measuring cup I used to store in my kitchen. I recommend this measuring cup and would raise my four-star rating to a five-star rating if I could.
We bought this FoodSaver Regular-Mouth Jar Sealer for sealing Mason Jars with ourFoodSaver V3835 Vacuum Food Sealer with SmartSeal Technology. This works very well and is easy to use with just a little practice. This is plastic with an embedded rubber ring that fits over the threads of the jar and a hole in the top that acts as a port for the vacuum hose attachment. It just takes a few seconds to get the jar sealed after you start.Some reviewers have mentioned issues with keeping a strong vacuum and have posted tips that have helped. I find that the following works for me:* Make sure the glass rim of the jar is clean and dry* Make sure the Mason Jar lid rim is clean and dry* Do not us the Mason Jar Lid Ring when sealing (I tried it :-)* Disconnect the hose quickly from the sealer when doneI was also surprised that myActron CP7830 Hand Vacuum Pumpdoes work on this as well.This works pretty much as expected and is easy to use once you get some practice.Recommended! Oh and besides storing food in the jars, this could also be used for science projects as well.CFH
[[ASIN:B0000CFFS6 FoodSaver T03-0006-01 Regular Mouth Jar Sealer]This is a very handy item.  I saved on platic bags by using my Ball jars that I have on hand.  I believe that we use too much plastic so I utilize  glass where appropriate. I think glass is healthier and use jars that can be refrigerated or frozen.  Just remember to allow about 1-2 inches head space or the jar will crack since liquids expand when freezing. I have 2 sizes one for regular jars the other for the wide mouth jars and they both work well. The plastic bags do an excellent job when they are needed for items that do not fit in the jars.
I had wanted one of these for a long time, but just couldn't bring myself to spend the money.  Finally around the holidays last year I saw that the model and color I wanted were on sale so with my Christmas bonus I treated myself to it.  I was originally worried that I might not use it enough to warrant me spending so much, but I was completely wrong.  I have used the mixer for so many items and not just baked goods.  I am now looking forward to purchasing some attachmentsKitchenAid FPPA Mixer Attachment Pack for Stand Mixersto expand what it is capable of doing.  I'm one that doesn't keep it on the counter, but I do keep it in a easily accessible cupboard with a sliding tray so that I can pull it out at a moments notice.  KitchenAid is a well known reliable brand and if this is something you've been considering buying I say go for it, you will NOT be disappointed.
I bought this to replace my 30 plus year old KitchenAid stand mixer as I was ready for a color change. It's still a great mixer but I was disappointed as the quality control is not what it used to be...apparently when they were making the bowl there was some flaw in machining the bottom threads of the bowl that screws into the base plate. Everytime I've used it, the only way to keep the bowl from becoming so tightly jammed into the base plate that it impossible for me to remove the bowl myself. I had never had this problem before and then a friend who had to help me remove the bowl pointed out that the threads on either the bowl or the base plate were defective.UPDATE: I called KitchenAid Customer Service and they promptly sent a replacement for the bottom plate...glad I bought KitchenAid because while there was a mistake in machining this item they were really "on the ball" in terms of getting it fixed. Works GREAT now.
I'm sure just about everyone has heard that Kitchen Aides are a fabulous accessory to the kitchen.  I agree.  This is a good, solid, powerful machine and is very effective at what it is built to do--mix stuff.  I do have one complaint, however.  The speed control shows "Off/0, Stir 2 4 6 8 10" which would lead one to think that there are 10 distinct speeds.  There are not.  First of all, there are little "stops" at each number, but none in between so what would make more sense is "0 Stir 2 3 4 5 6".  Second, there really isn't any speed difference between what is marked as 8 and 10, so really our modified numbering system should stop at 5, not 6.  This is a really little thing and does not detract from the overall quality of the mixer itself; it just feels deceptive to me and so I don't like it.  This aside, however, it is a great mixer.I have been told that the attachments make the mixer even more useful and versatile.  I looked into this a bit, but I was surprised to find out that the cost of these attachments can be as much as getting a separate meat grinder, pasta press, cheese greater, etc.  I suspect the real advantage is that these attachments save space.
i started organic slow food a couple years ago, i loathe cutting vegetables, after dicing and slicing, i finally broke down and bought this slicer/mandoline. i had one years ago- it was horrible i cut myself because the potato stuck,  the food mushed and it was a nightmare to try to use, its currently stuck in cabinet limbo under " not ever using THAT again"  anyway i read all the reviews and considered several mandolines for several months until i decided on this one. it was a good price and had the french fry and julienne plates i'm so glad i did. thanks to the other review that spelled out how to dice btw anyway because i prefer shredded to dice hash browns, i made hash browns just now single potato since its just a portion for me, thin julienne insert, and it was SO easy and the potatoes turned out the perfect thinness ( not sure what the others meant by the julienne only being for thin fries my hash browns were perfect thinness.. maybe it was how i put the insert in or used it i'm not sure?  in any case first try was awesome- no cuts,  so much easier than a box grater ( after grating myself on one- i cant stand those things either) the hashbrowns fried up quickly on my griddle the browns were thin enough that they crisped up very well in no time but weren't gummy,  and tasted outstanding. the SWISSMAR slicer was fast, so fast i was like " did that really cut a slice" i peered under it to the paper towel covered plate and yes.. it did. in fact it cut so quickly with so little pressure that i no longer have the excuse of " takes too much time and is too much work"  the guard was very cool- well made covers my hand but allows you to get the slicing done and the spikes and the tab to maneuver/hold the food helped rather than hindered. i liked how it truly protected you from the sharp areas but still did its job so quickly. clean up was easy- soapy longhanded brush and its air drying.  i definitely will be using it more often to shred cheese and veggies.
My wife and I love this. Although it looks simple, trying it for the first time is not that simple. We have to figure out how to unpack it and how to switch the blades. It is actually a nice looking kitchen gadget. In regards to construction, it seems to be well made with good quality materials. Packaging is a bit underwhelming as it is boxed in a thin cardboard; not so good if you want to present it as a gift. There is a small direction/manual booklet which is a bit confusing as it is written in multiple languages on the same pages. Good thing, some of the most important instruction is permanently imprinted on the mandoline itself. Made in Germany.You can slice thin or thick. Thin slices is perfect for making potato chips, and the thick slices are great for tomatoes. To switch thickness, all you have to do is flip the triangular insert. You also have two choices for making julienne, the bigger blade with wider gaps is what you use for making french fries, while the smaller blade works great for carrots. The later , is also great for chopping onions. Just need a knife to finish the job. To clean it, I just rinse it under the faucet and wiggle it a bit to throw excess water out.All in all you have 3 triangular plastic inserts. One without a blade for slicing, and the 2 blades for julienne. This thing is dangerous and I will not let it lay on the kitchen counter or anywhere accessible to kids. Although the main blade is hidden with the built-in locking storage, the two triangular blades are just sitting on the pocket. I read that it can be a good idea to get one those kevlar gloves. If you search, it is available on Amazon around eight to fifteen bucks. Every time you take out one of them, it also scratches the plastic on the inside, not only scraping the plastic but also dulling the blades. (It also feel like scratching a board with your nails every time you remove and replace them). You can also do dicing but it is not very practical. To do that, you will have to slice the vegetable beforehand prior to running it to the mandoline. I prefer, cutting it first with the bigger blades and then cut them square with a regular knife.We are satisfied with the quality and its usefulness; but it can really be dangerous especially if you are cutting thicker slabs.  Try to limit the size into smaller pieces.  If you feel like you have to force it, then you are overdoing it.
Ever since I received my set of cookware, I have been loving the way our food is being cooked.  I love the easy in which the cookware cleans up.  We have basically just had to wash the pot or pan and wipe it clean.  So far no stuck on food.  I love the sizes that all the pots and pans come in.  I especially like the one egg pan. It is just the perfect size to make one serving without dirty a huge pan in the process.  They cook evenly too.  No problems with the dish cooking faster in one area than another.  A Great set of cookware.
I bought this set for a furnished unit, and the tenants are besides themselves with joy ( because it is new?).It has everything they will need, unless they are gourmet chefs, in which case, I could never find anything to please them anyhow!  :)They told me it is non stick, and really works well and has a professional look to it.  I am just happy they can cook with them.
This is a great price for such a complete set-- it really does include everything you'd need to cook most meals, plus some utensils. It looks nicer in person than the picture, and the quality feels very good aside from the plastic feel to the handles.The nonstick properties are average. I've cooked a variety of foods in the pans-- pancakes, eggs, burgers, etc.-- and have found that they don't release effortlessly, but they do release well with a little prodding.My least favorite chore in the world is washing pots and pans, so I'm always looking for dishwasher-safe sets. This one is, but it'll wear away the nonstick properties faster, so handwashing is recommended. I found that they didn't come totally clean in the dishwasher, which again tells me that the nonstick properties are good but not outstanding.Overall, though, it's a well-thought-out set, with handles that won't burn you, vented lids with high knob handles, and a fair price. I approve!
This is a really nice set of cookware. It is an excellent value and offers just about every piece you will need for cooking from a large pot for pasta to a tiny pan. Non stick is a must when it comes to cooking many foods and the stay cool handles make the set extra special. The pieces have a good hand feel. The cookware is perfect for those just starting out or those looking to replace older cookware. There is a lot here and the manufacturer even includes plastic cooking utensils so you don't scratch it. I also like the classic black color. Nice set for the money!
I bought these for everyday use and after a few weeks of cooking in them, I'm pretty satisfied. The pots and pans are light, look great and are truly non-stick. I've cooked everything from eggs to stir-fry to pasta and no problems whatsoever. They are very easy to clean as well, everything comes right off. I've read comments from users who had problems with the knobs, but mine were completely fine.Cons:- the instructions say that hand-washing is recommended. I think they'd be OK in a dish washer, but might not last as long.- the lid for the large pot does not fit the large pan, which can be a pain. The smaller lids fit the pans fine.
I usually make yocheese with a small amount of yogurt, maybe a cup or so, and have been using a Melita coffee filter with a paper filter, covered with plastic wrap, placed  over a small jar - which I later use for storage of the cheese.  This works very well for small amounts.  I put the same amount in my brand new Cuisipro Donvier cheese maker and left it over night in the fridge.  It wasn't as thick as it is with the coffee filter as not as much liquid (whey) drained out of it, after about the same amount of time.  I think I will stick with the coffee filter for small amounts and use this for larger batches.  It was very easy to clean and doesn't take up much space in my already over crowded fridge.
A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years writes this review.  My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute and "Culinary Artistry".  I love to cook and I prepare three meals a day most days of the month.I use this pan to roast vegetables in the oven and anytime that I want to make a pan sauce from the fond on the bottom of the pan.  This pan is also excellent for baked rice dishes (Paella or Arroz Con Pollo).I have used this pan to roast meat in the oven and on the stovetop and it worked beautifully.  If you are experiencing any sticking problems it is probably due to trying to move the meat before it caramelized on the bottom.  Once the meat has caramelized, this takes a minimum of 3 minutes on a fairly high heat, the meat will naturally release.  The same thing occurs when using a stainless pan.Given the release of toxic gases that happen when non-stick pans are heated above 350 degrees, I recommend this pan as a healthy alternative to non-stick cookware.I deducted one star because I find that stainless cookware is easier to clean and lasts longer than anodized aluminum.  Also with stainless you don't need to worry about acidic foods reacting to the aluminum.
I bought mine from Amazon almost 4 years ago, and I use it a few times a month...it has held up very well! Very versatile...great for steaming or sauteeing vegies with onions & garlic...or making an egg fritata.Mine is stamped "Made in Toledo, Ohio"...the product description says "China"...so I can't say what the newer version is like, though.
I have been using Calphalon for over 15 years.  I have frying pans, saute pans, big pots, small sauce pots, stock pots, a wok, etc.  I bought this as a spare since it was priced so low.  It's not the same quality as my more expensive pieces but it is still very usable and it's shape lets me be flexible with what I do with it.  If I need an extra skillet, I have it.  If need a saute or stir fry pan it will do the job.But what I want to share is that even though I don't use it everyday I have given many of them away as gifts.  I have several children that use these as their go-to pans.  My single sons has learned to make quite a few things with this one piece.  Pancakes, scrambled eggs, hamburgers, chili, the list goes on and on.  The only other thing that they really need is a small (2 quart) sauce pan.  I would thing that I would caution someone about is that they need to learn how to take care of an anodized pan.  Yes, you can treat it badly but it will work better if you:*  Wash it by hand (none of my pots and pans ever see the inside of an automatic dishwasher)*  Don't use harsh detergents*  Don't use steel wool pads on it*  Don't use it without some type of fat (even Pam will work)If you are looking for a reasonably priced housewarming gift that will get used you can't do much better.
This makes beautiful popcorn as long as you use gourmet popcorn.  I use Orville Reddinbacher and got a huge jar of it.Orville Redenbacher Gourmet Popcorn, Jar-30 OZThe kernals are enormous with minimal husks.  The instructions actually tell you to use gourmet popcorn.  It works within about ten minutes or less.There is no on/off switch so you need to quickly unplug this at the end of popping so the hard unpopped kernals don't fly all over the place.It heats the popcorn up within a few short minutes and then lookout, cover your eyes.Popcorn flies all over the kitchen, not just into the bowl beneath it.  This is why I took off a one star.  I have to stand there and hold a towel over the spout of this to try to keep unpopped kernals and popcorn from shooting as if they were shot from a machine gun.If it weren't for this I would have given it five stars, removing one for no switch.I am on the hunt for a huge bowl or pitcher that will come up close to the spout of this and hopefully catch more of the flying popcorn.  Also I find that if I hold the machine at a backwards tilt as it ejects the popcorn, more will go into the bowl.It would make a fun food fight to arm several people with these.There is a plastic measuring cup on the top of this which is convenient for both measuring the popcorn and melting butter.  It doesn't get hot enough to totally melt the butter though unless it is already softened so I usually melt it in the microwave or eat it dry.If you use the half cup measuring cup to measure out the popcorn be ready with two large bowls, since that is a lot of popped corn.  I usually just fill it half full of corn.So it makes great gourmet popcorn very fast, but you are going to have a lot of popcorn all over your kitchen.  I would look for a similar hot air popcorn popper with a longer ejection spout or different design next time.
Simple product that is designed well, works well, and ends up saving you money. I am not a huge popcorn eater but was browsing around Amazon and came across this. I was intrigued by the positive reviews and price. I shopped popcorn and saw you could get a 5lb of organic popcorn for under $12.Great Northern Organic Yellow Gourmet Popcorn--5 PoundsI also liked that it is just hot air, but in a good way. So organic popcorn just corn and hot air, and then any butter and/or salt I want to add.It works pretty well. A half cup of kernels produces a substantial amount of popcorn. It does pop out some unpopped kernels at the beginning and it can send those some distance. But after a minute or so you start getting the flood of popped corn. Almost everything pops just a few kernels left and zero burned popcorn every time I have used it.The measuring cup on top you can put butter in and if it is at room temp or if you microwave it for a few second then put it in the cup it will melt it. I use a small amount of salt and butter and just great tasting popcorn. Much better than microwave, money saver, fun for our 2.5 year old to watch the popcorn pop. Good purchase, recommended.
In the age of microwave popcorn, it is really great to enjoy a bowl of hot air popped popcorn. It tastes better, makes more (and more economical), and you can season the corn any way you want to!!  This machine pops EVERY kernel!  It's fast, easy to clean, and after 10 years of fairly regular popping--STILL WORKS!!I have used the butter chamber a few times, but with the amount of butter I need for the amount of popcorn I make at one time, it doesn't thoroughly melt by the time I am through popping.
We don't eat popcorn that often but with the chemicals and preservatives in microwave popcorn, we wanted to switch to a popper. This was the kind my mom always used.It makes popcorn efficiently enough. The popcorn comes out a little dry because of the popping by air but you can add spices or butter if you would like. When starting to pop, the first few kernels may come shooting out but I just hold up the bowl and catch the first ones. Once it gets going, the kernels come out fairly quickly and fall into the bowl without any trouble.Overall, it is a good popcorn popper for the price.
This is a great, inexpensive hot air popcorn popper. Measure your popcorn using the built-in scoop, plug it in, wait five minutes, eat popcorn.We do not have very many unpopped kernels. Nor do we have popcorn flying everywhere. We use Safeway-brand popcorn, which happens to be the cheapest stuff on the shelf .Some people (including the adults in this family) prefer kettle-popped corn. If this is the case, look at the Stir Crazy brand-we have the 6-quart model available here on Amazon. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that we prefer kettle corn-it is, well, crispier and crunchier. But our daughter likes hot-air popcorn. So if you like hot-air popcorn, this is all you need.
I admit I got sucked into the convenience mode and had been eating microwave popcorn for a while.  I had forgotten what really good popcorn tastes like.  The air-popped popcorn comes out light and fluffy and really helps to appreciate the true "corn" flavor.  I have not had any problems with any appreciable number of unpopped kernels.  Definitely far less unpopped kernels than from the microwave bags.  I was always prone to overcooking and burning my popcorn in the microwave, anyway.  Virtually no mess to clean, either.The one drawback to air-popped in general is that it creates a large amount of noise in the process.  I feel like I am near a jet engine.  But then again, most of my other kitchen appliance make a lot of noise - my blender, my juicer, my mixer, etc.I am not sure if this is a common trait of all poppers, but there is no on/off switch.  Once you plug it in, it starts cranking and the only way to turn it off is to unplug it - strange.
This popper works great. Yes, it's noisy & blows lots of hot air (duh!) but it pops corn very well.  I don't know how this popper is different from the Orville version but this cheaper popper works great.
Other reviews have covered everything.  The incredibly light, fluffy popcorn (perfect with a little bit of butter and salt, I think,) the stray kernel or two which get launched across the room, the fact that your popcorn bowl will overflow.Two things that work for me: I tip the popper back a bit when I first plug it in, and when it gets going I guide the popcorn into the bowl with a clean dish towel.One batch is perfect for two people and a movie.  If you've got more faces to feed you can make several batches in a row.  (Have lots of bowls handy.)Very quick, very easy.  If it had an on/off switch I might have to give it six stars.
My daughter bought this air popper for me last Christmas, and it was a fun product. It only cooks a small amount of popcorn, so for our family of five, we pop two batches. Because this popper warms up super fast, your popcorn will get done quickly. Also, before you plug in your machine, be sure you have all your stuff in order, including the bowl you want your popcorn to land in after it's done popping. We use a huge Tupperware bowl, and while it's landing in the bowl, we pour small amounts of butter on the popcorn so that it's spread throughout the popcorn, and not just on the top of the bowl. We have never had problems with popcorn flying outside the bowl because we use a big bowl to catch the popcorn. We also divide the popcorn later into real popcorn bags that are disposable. The children enjoy having their own bags of popcorn as they watch a movie chosen for that night. We have a movie night every Friday where the kids pick three movies each, and we all vote on which one to watch. It's fun, and they love it when we make popcorn to top off the day. This is a low calorie way to each popcorn. It takes very little time to pop, and clean up is so easy!
I do not like sharpening my own knives so I got this electric sharpener to do the job for me.  I use Mundial knives which are not cheap, so I am very careful when using this device for sharpening.  It is always best to get your knives professionally sharpened but if you do not have a pricey set or a sharpening place you can trust, the Presto 08800 Pro EverSharp Electric Knife Sharpener does a good job of keeping knives sharpened.  I have had no problems with it in the months I have owned it.
I already own a cast iron skillet with ridges and use it often for "grilling" steaks and fish when I want grill marks.  However, I also wanted a flat surface skillet to roast duck.  This skillet seemed like the best option because it has a large cooking surface, it came preseasoned, and because I think that Lodge Logic is a good brand (I own their hibachi grill which works very well).When I use the skillet nothing sticks to it and cleaning is easy.  The only thing that should be improved, in my opinion, is the length of the handle.  I think it would be more comfortable to grab if the handle was longer.  I use a silicone pan handle sleeve and the handle seems short and a little tricky to grab inside the sleeve.Overall, I am glad I purchased this pan.
This cast iron skillet is really nice if you take care of it. If you are not careful it can turn on you.I would recommend taking off the pre-seasoning and re-seasoning the skillet yourself. You will get a much better season.Wash with hot water and a scrubber or with hot oil and salt. Never use soap and never leave water sitting in it for long. Always dry after using. If you are not careful your non-stick seasoning can get removed and you will end up with a ruined meal.I have had a good number of times where I did a poor job cleaning it the time before and then my eggs will stick the next time. It makes me a bit hesitant with really sticky foods, like eggs.Get into a good habit of taking care of your skillet and it will serve you well.
I have this pan and a 10" version. I never use this (12") pan. The 10" is so much more manageable and practical. The 12" only gets used on rare occasions when I need a really big pan. I didn't think the difference would be that significant, but it is. Many burners can't really even accommodate this large of a pan. If you're only looking for one cast iron pan, a 10" is the way to go.As far as quality goes, there is no question. Fantastic pan.
This "pre-seasoned" skillet comes ready to use, although, as the directions state, you'll need to season it from time to time, especially if you want to cook with only a little oil or if food starts to stick. Because I can't stand the idea of just wiping clean instead of using dishwasher soap, I do wash it, and I still don't need to season it every time.If you are unfamiliar with cast iron, you should know that it is indeed heavy. The main handle on this skillet is a little short and narrow; fortunately, it comes with a gripping handle on the other side for two-handed lifting. You also need to dry cast iron immediately to avoid rust. But you cannot beat cast iron for an even, radiating heat.This particular cast iron pan (12-inch skillet) is deep enough for pan frying, but it works equally well for saut&eacute;eing and even griddle cooking.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
For some time now, as my chef skills have been improving, I had been wanting a cast iron fry pan. This one was reasonably priced and pre-seasoned, so I bought it together with aT-fal E9180764 Ultimate Hard Anodized Nonstick Expert Interior Thermo-Spot Heat Indicator Anti-Warp Base Dishwasher Safe 12-Inch Saute / Fry Pan Cookware, Gray, figuring that one or the other would eventually make a good replacement for my warpedRachael Ray Hard Anodized II Nonstick Dishwasher Safe 12-1/2-Inch Skillet, Orange. Almost everything about this pan was pretty much as expected. The cast iron is very flat and the pan retains and distributes heat very evenly. The trade-off is that the pan is extremely heavy, and of course, both the handles get blazing hot, making it doubly unwieldy. (I boughtLodge ASHH41 Silicone Hot Handle Holder, Redto solve part of the problem.) Obviously, the thermal properties of the cast iron are this pan's big selling point, but I was not impressed with the "non-stick" qualities at all. I cared for the pan according to the instructions that came with it, and everything seemed to be working well. I didn't wash the pan, instead opting to wipe it out with a cloth after using. Eventually, though, I tried to fry some eggs and that was the pan's undoing. The eggs stuck quite stubbornly to the pan and after scraping as well as I could, I was left with no choice and had to wash the pan. After washing, I went to the Lodge website for instructions on re-seasoning the pan, and I thought I had followed them correctly, but when my pan emerged from the oven on the first seasoning attempt, it was sticky with a stubborn, baked in layer of dried oil. Now I'm left with having to scour, scrub and re-season (again) if I want to continue using this pan. In the meantime, the T-fal pan that I bought has become the kitchen workhouse. Nothing sticks to it and no seasoning is required.Cast iron makes great heirloom kitchen gear, but as good as this pan is for cooking everything but eggs, it's a real chore to care for and doesn't perform like pans with modern coatings. If you are a traditionalist with time on your hands, or you want to get a good bicep and forearm workout while cooking, this Lodge frying pan may be just the ticket for you. If you just want to cook food with a minimum amount of work and time spent maintaining your kitchen gear, I would recommend T-fal over this product. (That said, I went to the Lodge website, followed their re-seasoning instructions to the 'T', and my pan is as good as new. Won't try to cook eggs in it again, but otherwise, I'm happy, which is why it still musters four stars.)
I have several cast-iron products including a wok, grill pan and a couple of Dutch ovens.  I've been using them for years without a single complaint.  I have a full set of All Clad stainless frying pans that are somewhat non-stick if you know how to use them.  I've heard so much about Grandma's priceless iron frying pan that I had to give it a try.  Compared to stainless, iron heats up slowly but keeps the heat much longer.  The pre-seasoning isn't much because real seasoning takes years.  This is beacuse the iron is rough and only through use become smooth.  My complaints relate to the handle: First it is too short so you can't get a proper grip and second it gets hot enough to burn you (unlike stainless).  I guess I'll get used to these problems and learn to appreciate the ultimate cooking surface that iron provides.
I have been a big fan of cast iron for awhile now, and have had this Lodge Logic pan for about 4 years. I have used pans from several different cast iron manufacturers, but after watching a video on their manufacturing process, I favor Lodge Logic over the others. However, there are two main problems I have with this pan.1. Handle is too short.  The handle on my 8" cast iron pan is larger than this one.  This is a big pan, and the handle needs to be 1" longer, and .5" wider to be able to easily maneuver this very heavy pan, especially when you consider that people will be wearing oven mitts, which leaves even less room. If you're not going to move the pan around much, it's not a big deal, but people who don't have strong forearms will probably have a problem with this.  It is just way too short and thin for a pan of this size. As you can see, there is a hook on the opposite side of it for hanging the pan, however if you have something heavy in it, it's best to hold the pan from both ends.2.  The pre-seasoning is worthless.  As soon as I got the pan, I followed the instructions, which only consisted of rinsing in hot water.  Then I put it on a burner and set it to medium high to preheat. I have been using cast iron pans for a long time.  I have three other cast iron pans that are beautifully seasoned, and I have self-seasoned cast iron at least 20 times.  I know how to care for these pans and how to use them.  Within 5 minutes of putting this pan on my stove, the middle of the pan started to turn grey, meaning that the seasoning was burning off.  Within 15 minutes on medium high with nothing in the pan, the seasoning was completely burned off and I was left with a grey pan.  I then had to take a drill and sanding pad and remove all of the manufacturer's seasoning, wash it completely with soap, then re-season the entire pan (properly).  Once I did that, it was fine. I would suggest that anyone who gets this, season it first a few times before cooking with high heat. You can do this by coating it with vegetable oil and putting it in the over for a couple hours, or just cook some bacon and sausage in it a few times and it should be fine.Aside from the handle problem and this, it is a great pan and I'm sure I will have it for years to come, but don't trust the manufacturer's seasoning and do it yourself.Some of the accessories I use with mine are:Lodge Set of 2 Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers,Red and Black- These things are great. I struggled for years with trying to clean the pan without soap and without scrubbing off the seasoning patina.  These little scrapers allow you to get rid of stuck on food.  You can then put the pan on low or medium, drop some kosher salt into it, and put a folded up paper towel over the salt mound and use it as an abrasive to scrub off any other food and clean it. When the paper towel is no longer dark black, you'll know you're done.  Wipe it out once and coat with a thin layer of vegetable oil while the pan is warm.  Then lay a paper towel inside it and it is ready until next use.Lodge Max Temp Handle Mitt, Black- A handle mitt is great for leaving on the handle, which will get very hot.  This way you don't have to worry about forgetting to pick up the pan with a towel or oven mitt and accidentally burning your hand.Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Rectangular Cast-Iron Grill Press- Use this for flattening out your bacon or pressing down on a grill cheese sandwich.
This is great--very heavy and sturdy.  Pre-seasoned very well.  America's Test Kitchen rates this the best.  The only downside is the handle is a little short for the weight of the pan.  they put a second handle on it across from it and that is almost essential to use when moving it around.  I do not see this as too big of a deal but would have preferred a longer handle.  I went with the shorter handle, however, because America's Test Kitchen rated this particular one so high.
It took me a while to get good at using this can opener but I've got it down now.  The description makes it sound as if using the tiny pliars to pull the lid off the can is optional but I find it is actually the ONLY way to remove the lid once it has been cut with the opener.  My only complaint is that it will not work on the small sized pet food cans that have the pull top lids (like Fancy Feast) and that disappoints me because the pull top lids are the worst as far as cutting yourself - the can and the lid are both razor sharp so I would way rather be able to use the opener on this type of can.  If it did work on these cans I would have given five stars.
I love this can opener - It was a gift from my aunt and one of those things you didn't know you needed. There is a bit of a learning curve because we all know how to use a can opener, right? After learning the right position for this can opener I couldn't believe how smoothly and easily cans opened. With the small lifting tool on the side you never have to touch the lid at all, making this a great can opener for homes with small children. I used it on several different sizes of cans and found no trouble at all with it's operation. The only can it balked at was a very dented one. Normally I throw dented cans away (risk of undetected contamination) but since I'd just dropped this can myself I knew it was fine. I couldn't flip it over because of the type of bottom the can has (Eagle brand milk) so I used my old opener. I would definitely add this to your kitchen but keep your old opener for damaged cans.
We have owned this model for about 4 years now and it has worked great until recently.  In the last few weeks it has been harder and harder to get it to open cans (having to go around two and three times).  So, we decided to buy another and see if the problem was with the opener or that there had been some change in cans.The new opener arrived and after fighting with the clam shell to get at it, we started using it on our cans.  Wonder of wonders, it worked just like the old one used to!!!  So, I have to presume that the old one just wore out.This is such a great can opener (no sharp edges and easy to hold and turn) that I guess we will just live with the fact that it can wear out!  Seems like such a waste to throw out the entire unit instead of being able to replace the cutting wheel, which is what we presume wore out.I removed one star just for the life span issue.  Other than that, it is definitely a 5 star product especially if you have arthritis in your hands!!
I've had this for a couple of years now.  It certainly works, and has some advantages over standard can openers.No sharp edges on the can is very nice, and is the big selling point.  Because the lid is cut on the outside of the weld instead of the inside, the lid doesn't fall into the can after cutting, which is an even bigger advantage than the smooth edge, in my view.  I hate trying to pull out a lid from a full soup can, and the outside of the lid is not very clean and I don't want it in my food.It is a little fussy to use, however, which always makes me hesitate when reaching for it.  It really isn't possible to see where the lid has been cut, so I always go around the can twice to make sure it is done.  Then, having to use the tiny (and I mean *really* tiny) jaws to grab the lid and pull it off just feels like a design defect to me.  It is almost like they came up with this idea, and then during product testing noticed that people couldn't get the lid off so they added the little jaws.  My wife refuses to use the opener because of this (we have a standard one that she always uses).So, I dunno.  Like I said, it has advantages, which is why I'm still using mine.  But, I don't think I've found my last can opener, either.
We recently overhauled all my old mismatched pots and pans, I was reluctant to do so, not because the pots and pans I had were so exceptional but because I'm sort of a 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it' girl.  However, the point was well made that with two budding chefs in the house I had better up the quality of my pots and pans.  I wasn't willing to make an enormous investment, I wanted a quality product, fairly inexpensive in all the most common sizes I would need most.  This Cuisnart Chef's Classic Stainless-Steel 10-piece cookware set, fit the bill.  I really like the stock pot tremendously.These are extremely beautiful as well and I love that I can use them in the oven as well as on the stove top - this is extremely important for our kitchen needs.  This is a basic set of common sizes, very durable, easy to clean, the lids fit wonderfully.  And again it is extremely beautiful.
I purchased this pan to grill vegetables in the house, not meat.  I quickly discovered that this pan needs a lot of extra seasoning when you receive it if you are going to use it with extremely low fat food.  I only gave it one application of oil and baked it in the oven, and my first batch of Portobello mushrooms stuck terribly to the surface.Given that this is not my first cast iron pan, and that I have been cooking for 25 years, I expected one heavy application of oil should be adequate for a pre-seasoned pan.  One application of oil is no where near adequate.  If you choose to purchase this pan and cook mostly vegetables, expect to have to spend a couple of days seasoning the pan in order to have your vegetables not stick.Now that I have spent a week of so seasoning the pan, it is fine, and reasonably non-stick.  But, the paperwork that comes with the pan is deceptive since it claims that the pre-seasoning avoids this process.I would purchase this product again because I am a little concerned about the perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) that is used in the non-stick process.  But, I would have preferred to have the company be honest about the status of the pans interior when it is shipped.
This is a little harder to store, because it doesn't seem to stay rolled up, but I don't have to use Pam spray when I use this and it's easy to clean.  The bottoms of my biscuits don't seem to get as dark while the rest of them are cooking.
This works very well for non-stick baking in my T-Fal Avante Toaster Oven. I haven't found anything to stick to it yet. The only thing I don't like is even after washing this in the top-rack of the dishwasher, it still has a slimy, greasy "feel" to it. Easy to store.
We've been using this for several months and have found that it's actually a pretty good addition to an existing Little Green Clean Machine.We have 3 kids, two cats and a dog; and it seems like they make little messes periodically that we need to clean out of the carpet so they don't cause stains.  This Spotlifter is great for little messes like that!Here are the things we like about this portable cleaner:- It's compact yet it works really well.- I love that it has a power cord instead of "rechargeable" because you never loose power.- It is easy to clean.- It's perfect for pet owners and does a great job getting small spills up.Unfortunately, there are some issues that will make some people prefer the larger Little Green Clean Machine:- The "trigger" for the solution is probably my biggest complaint as you have to "pump" it instead of having it spray out continuously as you hold the trigger.- The way the "storage tank" is angled for the dirty water (the stuff you suck up) makes getting it all out when you discard it difficult.Overall, even with the Little Green Clean Machine sitting here, I have found that I pick this one most of the time since it is easier to use and does just as good of job.  I would highly recommend it if you're looking for something compact to handle little spills around the house.
If you've got a pet, you have a need for a machine to clean up those nasty "accidents."  There are a lot of spot cleaners on the market and I've tried many of them, including the "green machine."  This device has some advantages over some other machines.  It's easy to assemble and store.  I like that it's corded (and comes with a very long cord).  I've given up on cordless vacs; they just don't cut the mustard.  The Spotlifter is easy to use.  I tried it on a couple of old pet stains that my carpet cleaner failed to get up.  To my surprise, it lifted these old stains.
My MIU France (really Chinese) measuring cups included a sturdy, long-handled 3/4 cup measure and full, the measure equals the quantity of batter to the 'Fill Line' of the plastic cup.  I use it to ladle out the batter.  If I get a little less, that is fine since there always seems to be some 'leakage' around the edge that occurs. That way, there is no extra ladle to wash.I think if you are looking at your pocketbook, you will find this a little pricey for your needs.  In that case, the highly rated $20 Hamilton-Beach 'Flip 'n Fluff Belgian Waffle Baker' should be looked at.  If you want the best, however, and space is not an issue, this will be the one for you.  It certainly makes delicious Belgian waffles.I rated this 4-stars primarily because of the unusually high space requirements (Picture the KitchenAid stand mixer.) as well as the disappointing '1-year limited warranty'.02/02/06 Update:  This item is not for the lazy chef.  'Out-of-the-box' waffle batter is not suitable.  It makes far too heavy a waffle (even though the finished product is fully cooked).
This is a head-to-head review of three Hoover carpet cleaners that are currently featured on the comparison chart on on the product page:Hoover Power Scrub Deluxe Carpet Washer,  FH50150Hoover SteamVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge, F5914-900Hoover MaxExtract 60 PressurePro Carpet Deep Cleaner, FH50220We've had this SteamVac for about 5 years. It has done a good job of cleaning our carpets, which are kept dirty by three dogs. We reviewed the MaxExtract last year, and recently had a chance to compare those two against the PowerScrub. Here's how they compare.CLEANING PERFORMANCE:A three-way tie. I used Hoover Premium Pet Formula Carpet/Upholstery Detergent in all three machines, according to the instructions for each (premix for the SteamVac, separate compartments for the other two). We cleaned separate sections of big spots with each machine. To our eyes, they were equally clean when wet, and also when dry. All three units are loud, like every other carpet cleaner.CLEANING CONVENIENCE:The PowerScrub and the MaxExtract have a very nice feature: You add the detergent to a separate compartment from the hot water. A switch enables you to spray mixed detergent solution, or plain water. One complaint we had after using the SteamVac for several years is that the sections of carpet with the worst stains would sometimes get dirty again fast. These deeply stained areas got a lot of detergent sprayed on them during cleaning, and we believe the stains might come back due to detergent buildup in the carpet. With the newer PowerScrub and MaxExtract models, you can switch to plain water and rinse these areas (or your whole carpet!)The SteamVac has a Clean Surge feature that applies extra solution to stains and heavy traffic areas. I never found this to work any better than a just passing over the area again the normal way.HOW WET WERE THE CARPETS AFTER CLEANING:The carpets were noticeably dryer with this MaxExtract model. If you live in a colder area, or a humid area, this could be a deciding factor for you. The MaxExtract carpet fully dried in about half the time that the SteamVac carpet took. The PowerScrub carpets seemed slightly dryer than the SteamVac, but not as dry as the MaxExtract.HOW MUCH DETERGENT THEY USE:An unexpected outcome was that the PowerScrub and MaxExtract use significantly more detergent than the SteamVac-my guess is 50-100% more. Even using the maximum recommended amount of detergent in the SteamVac, it uses less.CLEAN WATER/DETERGENT TANK:The MaxExtract and PowerScrub hot water and detergent tank is easier to fill because pre-mixing is not necessary. This is not a huge deal, but the MaxExtract and PowerScrub are clearly newer machines with nice refinements in this area.DIRTY WATER TANK:The PowerScrub wins big points for its redesigned dirty water tank. It has a plug that you open to pour out the dirty water. This is MUCH easier than the MaxExtract or the SteamVac, both of which require you to take off the lid to pour out the water. With the PowerScrub, you use the spout to pour out dirty water, then only take of the lid once at the end of the day to rinse the tank and sponge filter. When you clean a lot of carpets, this kind of refinement matters.UPHOLSTERY CLEANING:The SteamVac and the PowerScrub include a SpinScrub hand tool with a spinning brush. We found this tool to be nearly useless. It seems like a lot of the suction power that comes down the hose is used just to spin the brush, so there is less suction left to suck out the dirty water. We found the simple Carpet and Upholstery Tool included with all three machines worked much better.SUMMARY:SteamVac: Costs less to buy and use, but this is an older machine that does not have the refinements of the other two. Leaves carpets wetter, and may leave more detergent in the carpet unless you empty the detergent tank and fill it with water only.MaxExtract: As its name suggests, leaves carpets drier than the other machines. Allows you to rinse with water.PowerScrub: Easiest emptying of the dirty water tank, which is very nice. Allows you to rinse with water.RECOMMENDATIONS:If you are cost conscious, buy the SteamVac. If you want the easiest experience, buy the PowerScrub. If you want dryer carpets quicker, buy the MaxExtract. You will get clean carpets with all three machines.***********************************************************Below is the review that I wrote in 2008 for the SteamVac:I read the reviews, and bought this model two weeks ago (August 2008). I've run 20 tanks of detergent through this machine cleaning rugs and carpets. Rather than repeat what you've read already, here's an update:The "Snap": The clean water tank handle snaps into the machine to hold the tank in place. Mine never leaks.Boiling Water: Works great. I initially filled half the tank with boiling water. That worked well, so I dragged out the stew pot to fill the whole tank with boiling water. This worked even better: the waste water is even darker  brown as a result. It also seems that the waste water comes out of the carpet faster when you do this (fewer sucking laps). Boiling water is a winner.Leaks: Can't get this thing to leak. The tanks must have been redesigned.Extra laps to dry the carpet: This works. I noticed that a third drying lap sucked out more water (one lap with trigger depressed, then two laps just sucking). However, when using boiling water (see above), you want to keep the water as hot as possible. So go 1 lap with the trigger depressed, then 1 lap without, then move on. Come back later to suck out more water.Detergent and Pre-Treatment: The Hoover Deep Cleansing detergent that came with this machine worked well in conjunction with an enzyme-based pet spot remover. I ordered a gallon of the Hoover Premium Pet Formula, which works very well.Tank Sizes: If you follow the instructions (one lap with trigger down, one lap without), the detergent tank will empty about when the waste tank is full. If you do extra laps to dry the carpet further, the waste tank will fill before the detergent tank is empty. Spraying a lot of pretreatment on your carpet will also result in the waste tank filling faster. This is a minor design flaw-the waste tank should have been bigger.Cleaning the Waste Tank: I didn't understand why so many people complained about the difficulty of cleaning the waste tank. Hold it in your left hand. Spray water into it from your kitchen sink sprayer with your right hand. Twist your hands a little to get into the nooks and crannies. You'll be done in 60 seconds.
Our carpet had been neglected for a while. We always rented a Rug Doctor and it was becoming quite a hassle to pick it up and return it. Lifting it in and out of our car's trunk was another hassle we wanted to do away with. I purchased the Hoover F5914-900 after reading the reviews. It was easy to assemble.This steam cleaner is much smaller & lighter than the Rug Doctor we are used to using, making it easier to push & maneuver around. However, because of the smaller size, we emptied and filled the upper and lower tanks, eight times while cleaning our 12'x 26' carpet. The clean solution tank holds one gallon of water (one reason for the light weight). The instructions say to fill it with hot tap water and the detergent which is easily measured using the tank's cap as a measuring cup. The unit itself cleans about a 11-11.5" wide area and doesn't clean close enough to the woodwork to suit me. So, I used the stair/upholstery nozzle to clean next to the woodwork and other tight areas. That tool did a good job for us. Hooking it up was a bit confusing and my hubby was worried that he was going to break the clear, recovery tank front panel. It pulls down a little hard, just don't force it. There is also a powered hand tool that has rotating brushes included with this steam vac. I didn't feel the need to try out this unit's Clean Surge feature because I had already pre-treated the bad areas.Vacuum your carpeting before steam cleaning otherwise you'll end up clogging the steam cleaner. I pretreated the heavy traffic areas with myBissell 0801 Oxy GEN2 Multi Purpose Oxygen Boost -32ozwhich I applied liberally to the carpet and waited 10 minutes before steam cleaning. For stubborn areas, I pre-treat, steam clean, let dry, pre-treat again, steam clean, let dry, then rinse. For normal cleaning, I pre-treat, steam clean, let dry, then rinse. I'm happy with the results. The heavy traffic areas are now the same color as the rest of my carpet. This time I around I usedHoover 40321128 Deep Cleansing Carpet/Upholstery Detergent, 128-OunceI might try another brand of steam cleaning detergent next time.Take good care of your steam cleaner. Be sure to read the instruction booklet & be sure to follow the storage instructions when you put it away after cleaning your carpet.So far so good; we are both pleased with our Hoover SteamVac. Because of the steam vac's light weight, we are not exhausted after cleaning our carpets. The Hoover did a good job of picking up the water, but it took our carpet more than 2 hours to dry.
The Hoover SteamVac Carpet Washer with Clean Surge, F5914900 really sucks up a lot of dirt, hair, filth, etc. from your carpet. It comes with a small container of cleaner, which has a refreshing scent. Takes a while to set up and recommend NOT attaching the upolstery attachment unless you need to. Overall an easy to use product which freshens your carpets and helps keep them cleaner. I recommend you flush the dirty water outside or into the toilet as to not clog your sink.
There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said since I am reviewer #2346 (approximately).  Although nothing beats a really good professional carpet cleaning service, this machine allows you to further space out the intervals between calls to the professionals.I had few expectations that this would actually clean very well, so I'm happy to report that, by gosh, it works.  It was easy to assemble, is easy to use and gets a moderately dirty carpet looking pretty good.  What is especially nice is the fact that vacuum mode sucks up the water in the cleaned carpet pretty thoroughly so it takes a relatively short time to dry completely.As many have said, if there is a particularly egregious stain, you'll have to pretreat beforehand.  And perhaps the whole carpet will need two go-overs before it's clean to your satisfaction if you have waited too long between cleanings.  Overall, however, I'm very happy with my purchase except that now I have no excuses when my carpets are looking dirty.
In addition to two people, our home has four pets.  The frequent accidents that the residents of my house make on our light beige carpet necessitate a good carpet cleaner.We had a Bissell ProHeat 2x that served us fairly well for 3-4 years, but, eventually portions of its plastic exterior began breaking off and water started seeping where it was not supposed to seep.  The design of the Bissell ProHeat was also poor.  After purchasing theHoover Platinum Lightweight Upright Vacuum with Canister, Bagged, UH30010COMand loving its design and abilities, my husband and I decided we would pick a Hoover to replace the Bissell.Assembly of this product is pretty easy; all you need is a Phillips head screwdriver to assemble the products and its various pieces.  The assembly process takes about ten minutes.  Almost everything on the Hoover SteamVac is plastic, which was kind of disappointing after our purchase of the Hoover Platinum vacuum, which employs a solid metal frame.  At this price point for a carpet cleaner, I guess it is not unexpected to have a machine that is a little less sturdy.In comparing the Hoover SteamVac to our previous Bissell ProHeat 2x, one obvious benefit was the inclusion of two distinct tanks for clean and dirty water.  Having two tanks makes changing the water much easier.  The combined tank on the Bissell ProHeat was difficult to remove and was fairly large, which meant that dirty water sometimes dripped on the user.The Hoover's cleaning brushes are powerful and do a really good job of churning up dirt and hair.  However, the user should use caution around delicate areas.  The device pulled up some looser fibers around a carpet seam in our living room.The powered hand cleaning tool attachment works great, but securing the optional attachment is a pain.  The process involves reconfiguring the front panel of the dirty water tank and inserting the hose attachment, and then inserting the cleaning fluid attachment to a port on the front of the machine.  It works quite well once configured.While the unit employs two water tanks, the tanks are not very large.  Frequent trips to the sink are required to refill the water/empty dirty water if an individual is endeavoring to clean an entire house.  Our house is 1200 square feet but only about half of that is carpeted.  I estimate that four trips were made to empty and refill the water compartments.  In all fairness though, it had been about 2 months since we last cleaned the carpet and we do have four pets.For all the back and forth to the sink, this machine produces results.  It picks up dirt very, very well.  It's not as fast and does not have as much capacity as a commercial unit, and compared to the Bissell ProHeat has a smaller sweeping width, but the Hoover leaves carpet very clean.  The unit also leaves carpets fairly dry after a couple of passes.Overall I would give this product 4 out of 5 stars. It seems to be a very good carpet cleaner for the money, but the construction seems rather flimsy in places and the process for affixing attachments should have been thought out more.
This is the best pitcher that Brita makes, but it may be a little small for more than two people. (It's aggravating sitting there waiting for the water to drip through when you're thirsty.)  I do like the fact that it fits in the door of the refrigerator.
...doesn't taste any better using it, though I trust it is a lot cleaner for drinking. Nothing fancy. Exactly as expected. I won't pay over $10 for it, though.
These are the same unbreakable (almost) dishes with which I grew up.  The design is new and fun.  These will be around for a while.  I would have gone five stars, but I wish the small plates were slightly bigger.  They really don't get a lot of use because they're just a little too small.
Not as well made as it use to be but still good. I wanted to add to my old white set so I chose this in black. My old set stacks perfectly even but the new ones are a bit irregular and a little bit wavy when stacked. Not a real problem but it's obvious that quality control is not what it use to be. Still a great value for a good durable daily use set. I'm not sorry I purchased these but I didn't care for the mugs in ceramic.
I've always wanted a cookie scoop, but it was my daughter who convinced me to finally buy one. Before when making cookies I always seemed to make a mess trying to get equal amounts of cookie dough on the sheet so that everything would cook evenly. Now it's a breeze! I just dip the scoop in, fill it with dough, then slide it up the side of the bowl to level the bottom off. Then just place it over your cookie sheet and squeeze.  A perfect little half circle every time! It really is a great tool to have in the kitchen.
I would have given this 5 stars if it didn't make such giant cookies.  I thought a medium being in the middle would be perfect.  No dice.  I wish I knew this, I would have purchased the small scoop.  I have to increase my baking time & put less cookies on the sheet or they will run together.All the rest is good!  Very comfortable in the hand (I have Carpal Tunnel).  No fatigue.  Very quick & very easy to use.  Cookies pop out every single time.  A breeze to clean.  The perfect tool.
You can scoop all kinds of things - cookie dough, pancake batter, ice cream. The possibilities are limitless. OK, well they're actually NOT limitless, but as long as something can be scooped, this scoop will do a great job scooping it.These OXO people keep coming up with good ideas. I never thought to add a comfy handle to my other scoops, but I always reach into the kitchen drawer and root around for this particular scoop because it's a great medium all-purpose size and is really comfortable to hold on to.
The old design of locking tongs had a ring that would fall over and prevent the tongs from opening.  The design flaw is that the ring is not held up when the tongs are in use so the ring would plop over and lock the tongs on its own.  These tongs are an improvement in that the locking mechanism is pull up.  I would prefer that the nylon heads had a higher temperture tolerance.
Care must be taken when cooking over moderately high heat.  I'm not talking about leaving the tongs in the pan, but cases where the tongs graze the hot pan bottom.  The nylon tip guards will, I'm sorry to say, easily melt.  Perhaps the next great step by Oxo will be the use of silicone for those edges that are likely to melt.
I must admit that the only reason why I bought this was for turning steak and other meats without piercing them.  Now I see that they are much more useful than I thought.  I use them for any and every thing that I can think of.  They are great for turning just about anything.  I use them for pasta also and even for grabbing pickles and jalapenos out of big jars!  They are long enough to keep you from getting burned by grease splattering, therefore I see no reason to buy the shorter ones.  I also love the fact that they are dishwasher safe.  The locking feature is very useful for storage as well.  My only reason for not giving them 5 star is because the inside groove sometimes traps things.  That isn't much of an issue.  They are a good purchase and a useful tool.
Works very well with cloves of garlic. No hesitation when squeezing the cloves. Mushers down to pulp with little effort! Looks durable. Can be hand washed.
This is a great garlic press for the price. It is easy to clean and works fine. I would recommend it.
The other day I walked into the kitchen and my wife seemed upset so I asked her what was wrong.  She gave me the Oxo Garlic Press and advised me it no longer worked.  I gave it a try and the problem was that the spoon portion no longer fit into the press portion.  It turned out that cap that held the bar in place broke off and thus it was no longer a snug fit.  By messing around I got it to work but it takes effort.  Her mom had given her a new garlic press from some other company so I suggested to my wife she use the new one and was told that the garlic on the replacement did not hold and that it was cheap, my wife said " I will continue to use the broken Oxo rather than use this other piece of crud".  So there you have it even broken the Oxo is my wifes favorite tool.We had our press for several years before it broke.  It has a great handle and is much heavier than I would have expected but that gives the illusion of quality in my book.  The press worked well and the garlic was easily held in place.  Needless to say the reason that I am on the Amazon website today is so that I can buy another Oxo Steel Garlic Press.  It really is a nice kitchen tool that seems to be well made despite my broken one (I am calling it a fluke as all of our Oxo products have withstood the test of time).
Normally, I'm the type of person to find one brand of coffee and stick with it. The same goes for a coffee maker. The rising cost of coffee has caused me to look around at other brands as well as different coffee makers. I thought my French press coffee maker discovery was the best, but this gadget has changed my mind.Right off the bat, I'm going to say the instructions for The Bialetti Moka Express 12-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker aren't the best. Luckily I'd googled the how-to and found step-by-step instructions (for an electric stove) before the purchase. By doing so, my first experience was almost pain-free.It leaks slightly. Okay, mine does around the rim, between the upper and lower chamber. Maybe I have my stove on too high or maybe it's the espresso maker. Either way, it's not an issue. I have a system for making my morning pot that's working well enough for me.Couple of points I do want to bring up. One is be careful of where you place your thumb around the handle when pouring. Touch any of the silver part and you will get burned. This might be a duh, but it's easy to overlook early in the morning.The aluminum doesn't take kindly to the dishwasher. Baking soda works best for me.Last, I'm usingLavazza Crema e Gusto Ground Coffee, Italian Espresso, 8.8-Ounce Bricks (Pack of 4)with amazing results. This is my first brand of espresso ground coffee and though I love-love it, I'll be trying others in the future.
Sadly, through the years I had been slopping along with an older model Pyrex measuring cup (circa 1979) which, no matter how I poured - quick or slow - would invariably drip liquids down the side and onto the counter. Needless to say, this problem vexed me for lo these many decades and I happened to mention it to a friend, who, being not of shy countenance, swore with vehemence by the qualities of the newer Pyrex model.My friend, a culinary expert of the female persuasion, pontificated, nay, waxed poetically about the wonders of her cup, how it was virtually drip-less and made cooking a joy and a wonder.I had to possess one of these cups! Even though I was somewhat dubious, I pressed the "PURCHASE" button with nervous anticipation.Saints be praised! This device IS virtually dripless and once again my kitchen is a place of merriment and frivolity! Note: I say virtually, because there is an occasional drip. But if one pours swiftly and with confidence, this dribbling can be avoided.No longer am I a slave to the drudgery of cleaning up the liquid leavings of my old cup. Now I can pour freely with confidence and enjoy the joie de vivre of cooking, thanks to my new, improved Pyrex Prepware 2-cup Measuring Cup!Pyrex, I am indebted to you far beyond the price of this implement.
I use my 4-cup glass measuring cup the most but sometimes you only need to heat up a cup of liquid and that's when I use my 1-cup glass measuring cup. It's convenient, smaller, lighter to use.If I am measuring solids then I use a stainless steel or plastic set but if I am measuring liquids then glass is the only way to go, especially when I need to heat up in the microwave.I like the glass Pyrex measuring cups. They are very durable, safe from chemical worries like plastics and odor and stain resistant.
I use this for soup making, baking and other tasks where it's inconvenient to refill a one or two cup measure. It is not accurate at the one cup level (it's really hard to calibrate the bottom of the pitcher and if you aren't level with the one cup line, you can be way off.)I did break one of these once, quite a surprise, by putting it on a very cold counter after filling it with a hot liquid. You can't put this on the stove, heated up then in the cold sink, you get the picture. This isn't laboratory-ware tempered glass. You can microwave it, and you can put it in the oven (for example, to melt butter or chocolate if you don't have a microwave.)Along with a one- and two-cup measure, I find this one of the most versatile pieces of baking ware.
I use a variety of types of measuring cups for different tasks, and this is the one I use most often for measuring liquids.  I remember my mother using similar glass Pyrex glass measuring cups -- there's nothing like a tried-and-true standard!The markings are clear, and after numerous dishwasher washings, there has been no chipping or fading. I don't use this in the microwave very often -- maybe twice a month -- but there have been no problems so far.  I also have the 4-cup and 1-cup versions of this, and use all of them for different tasks.
I bought this Pyrex 2-cup measuring cup 4 years ago.  I use it every day to boil water in the microwave to make tea with, and I bring the water to a super hot rolling boil.  I've done this over 2,000 times with this Pyrex cup and it works as it should.  No exploding, no cracks.  Reliable Pyrex as always.  I use it so often that I leave it out on the kitchen counter, I never put it away in the cabinets.Maybe it is a different glass than the Pyrex pans my mom bought 30-40 years ago, but we never subjected the old Pyrex to thermal shock either, and even when we were kids we treated Pyrex like it was, well, glass.  It was handled with care and so is our newer Pyrex.  The worst thermal shock this newer measuring cup has to go through is having boiling water poured out of it and then filling it again with cold water from the tap.  I never have kids in my house so it's just me and my husband using it, we take good care of it.  Should any cracks appear or any other longevity issues arise, I'll be sure to update this review.  Until then, you can safely assume I'm still happily using this measuring cup every day.Also, I'll note here that the red markings on my Pyrex cup have not worn off in the 4 years of daily use.  All markings are intact.*However* I really struggled with whether to give this measuring cup 3 stars or 4 stars.  You see, I'm pretty sure mine isn't all that accurate for measuring.  Food ends up quite dry when measuring with this Pyrex cup.  My Pyrex cup overstates how much is in it, when it says 2 cups instead it's really only 1.75 cups of liquid (I double checked this comparing it against 2 other liquid measuring cups I have).  Because I have many measuring cups already and I simply bought this Pyrex cup for boiling water in the microwave, it's still a 5-star product for me, but if I'd actually wanted to use it for measuring then I'd be pretty confused and disappointed with the food I made with it.  My Pyrex cup's incorrect measurements was probably a manufacturing defect, and I did buy it 4 years ago so it's perhaps it's a mistake that Pyrex has since corrected.
I have an older Pyrex measuring cup and I ordered another one so I could have one for both wet and dry ingredients while making dishes.  The new one looks a little different than the older one. What I like about the changes are the measurements are spaced well, easy to read and there is a solid line all the way across instead of the dotted line. What I don't like about the changes is the handle, it is shorter and doesn't feel as natural in my hand as my older one does.  And the pour spout has been changed slightly too, it's opening is wider.  What I'm neutral on is the glass has a slight blue tint to it and is a little heavier.  The distance from the 1 cup mark to the top is the same on both of them and I tested the measurements and they are the same too, nothing was off on the new one.  Overall, I'm pleased with the cup.  I think they should go back to the old handle and pour spout though.
I grew up using those all steel potato peelers that cost a couple of bucks, have bare handles were never really sharp.  I hated being on peeling duty largely because of the poor quality of tool that I had availible to me.When I stated buying my own kitchen tools I looked for the best manual peeler I could find.  This is not it but it is close runner up, especially considering the cost.  I use it for carrots, parsnips, asparagus and of course potatoes.  It's not as good as my ceramic peeler but it is a good back-up.Kyocera Mega Peeler, Black
Extremely sharp, replaceable blades. This peeler is great. The handle is a little wide for my small hands. I like the rubber on the handle; keeps my hand from slipping. This is a good product, I just enjoy the design of the i-Series swivel peeler better.
This pizza/baking stone is good, it's size is perfect for the stove, as it can be put and removed easily. and it is not heavy. The pizza was tasty, and crispy without being hard (I like crispy crust), and it was done quickly. We also baked bread on it, and the bread came out tasty and well done. However the drawback is that this stone got stained during the baking, and the stain doesn't seem to come off with cleaning, and that's why I can't rate this with more than 4 stars. Overall this is a very good baking/pizza stone.
The readout is larger than most I've seen, and the big advantage is that the LCD segments are very wide, enhancing readability at a distance.  The only weakness is the button labels are hard to read,  ironic for a timer with an easy to read display.  And it isn't intuitive how to use the memory function.
These do pretty much exactly what I need them to do.  They're cheap, thin cutting boards that protect my knife blades and keep the food off the counter.  They also have decent size to them so they can hold, say, an entire onion + a bell pepper post chopping without crowding.I bought mine off [...] since I had a gift certificate, but I see they are cheaper here, and I have no doubt they are the same thing.After reading other reviews:Yeah, they do start to get scratched up pretty quickly, but I don't think there's a big risk of cutting all the way through them soon.  Getting scratches isn't entirely a bad thing actually...it means they are yielding to my knife rather than dulling the blade, which for expensive knives is a good thing.Also, I am not sure why people are having issues with them curling.  I have run mine through the dishwasher 4-5 times now, no problems, and yes, I use the full hot drying cycle.  Of course it may help that I store them behind the microwave so except for when they are being used or washed, they are being constantly pressed flat.  Anyway, I have had no issues with this.As for them being super flexible so you can funnel food...that's debatable.  They certainly can fold up a bit, but not quite like a rubber mat or anything nearly as controllable as that.  Of course as I said, mine stay flat...really you can't expect both.  Probably best to categorize it as "more flexible than a rigid one".
I've been using this for a few weeks and overall it has been a "Knice" Knife.OK, I am lousy in the kitchen and I don't really know what I'm doing, but this seems like a Knice Knife to me.  Our prior and now co-existing kitchen knife is another less expensive Wusthof.  When I compare it to this new Wusthof Le Cordon Bleu it is noticeable that my new Wusthof is much sharper, lighter, and feels better in my hand - I like it.  The old one will probably go bye-bye...how do you safely dispose of knifes anyway (doesn't seem safe to toss in the Goodwill bag).Overall, 4 stars with the -1 docked for price/value.
I have been a kitchen knife collector for many years, and settled for myself on the heavier, complete stainless-steel Wusthof Culinar series.  When Amazon's Vine Program asked me to review this knife, I felt qualified to do so, after experimenting with various brands over the years, including Henckles, Furi, Kershaw, Global, and handmade Japanese woodworker, etc.First, the Cooks knife.  It's the most important tool in your knife set.  If you can only afford ONE quality knife, this is the one.The front section of the blade is designed for small cutting jobs like chopping onions, mushrooms, garlic, etc.The mid-section of the blade is designed for firm or soft food; for mincing leeks, chives, parsley, etc.  Be careful NOT to cut through bones or other hard objects as there is a fine edge on these knives.  If you find yourself needing a knife that will cut through bone, get a cleaver as well as the chef knife.The wide surface of the knife is suitable for scooping up your cut veggies, as well as flattening meats or fillets.  Be careful not to cut yourself, though.  If you find that this is too precarious for you, a scoop cutter like the Progressive #LGK-3620 Stainless Steel Bash, Chop, and Scoop Cutter (available on Amazon for under seven dollars).This particular chef knife is beautifully weighted and balanced.  The blade continues through the entire handle, which is a big plus in a knife.  The entire knife is lighter than the other Wusthof knives, which is preferred by many chefs, as it reduces fatigue.I have heard the rumors about Wusthof discontinuing the Le Cordon Bleu Collection, but have found no information backing this up.  Their website still carries the line, featuring video and full catalog features.  Their outlet does not carry them any more than any other of their line.The drawback of the X50CrMo15:  It is rumored that you cannot sharpen this blade as easily or as well as the other materials used by other manufacturers.  Even if you can get a good edge on it, it's unlikely to stay that way as long as a blade made from S30V or Cpm3v.  But, even these findings are peculiar to the reviewers' opinion, and for the average kitchen user, the X50CrMo15 is fine, provided you have the sharpening tools and the knowledge to use them.I have used my Wusthof for years without issue.  I take mine in for professional sharpening.  If you want to sharpen your own, the Idahone fine ceramic 12" or a DMT CS2 (also 12" ceramic) are good choices.  You can also use a waterstone--but a good set will run you hundreds of dollars.  (This is why I have mine professionally done.)In any case, this is a great all-over kitchen knife for the average kitchen chef.  Even if you are moving into a sous-chef position, or are a student in the culinary arts, this would be a good choice for a starter knife.  It is nicely balanced, made with quality in mind, and feels like an extension of your hand when used and held properly.Some tips on proper knife usage:Gently use the knife.  Use a mincing motion following the shape of the blade.Be sure that the tip of the knife remains on the cutting board.Start carefully and slowly.  Quickness will happen over time.Not a lot of pressure is needed.  The knife is designed to be balanced and will do the job for you.Lots of people like to manhandle their knives, or use them for jobs they are not designed to do (as I discussed earlier with the cleaver example).  Remember that each knife has a specific job, and if you use them for that job, you will get the most from the knife.  This is why most chefs or serious cooks have a plethora of knives filling their magnetic knife holders.That reminds me:  When storing these knives, or any knife, be sure you do NOT store them in a block with the blade facing downwards.  You only dull the blade by doing this.  I find that for me, the best ways to store my knives are either on a magnetic rack or in a drawer, on a towel, covered by a towel.  Never allow them to rub together in the drawer, as this will damage the blades as well.  I keep some of my higher-end knives (such as the handmade sushi knives from Japan) in their wooden boxes, which are designed to protect them from inadvertent wear.  There is no point in spending the money for good quality knives and then dulling them when you store them.Another note:  Washing your knives.  Upscale knives should be hand washed.  Putting them in the dishwasher  will damage the handmade handles and the harsh detergents can pit the metal of the blades.  You do not need to do more than a simple wipedown of the blade when you cut vegetables, and a quick wash when cutting fruit.  Meats require a more thorough washing, but remember to bring your sponge from the spine downwards to the blade, never the opposite way, both to protect the blade as well as to protect your fingers.I hope this review helps--not only in your choice of knives, but in your choice of "which" knife is good for you--the chef, or some other variety that might be more suited to your needs.Happy cooking!
ProsKnife is light weight and has good balance when picked up in the hand.Very sharp  after 3 months of DAILY use.  I have not had to sharpen yet.Steel of knife is very hard and does not scratch easily.Solid construction with three tangs and steel is all one piece.Knife is thin enough and sharp enough to filet fish replacing the need to have an additional filet knife.ConsDue to lightweight, blade may be bent very slightly.  This observation is only noticeable when smashing garlic.I would buy a knife like this again if I needed another one.
Roomba cleaning is as good as a light stick vac o but the best thing is that it can clean while you're out...It has a normal clean and a spot clean function that cleans in the same 3 ft area for a bit and then turns off. It comes with a remote that you can use to drive it from the couch if it seems to be running in the wrong direction.You should buy the Roomba if you:-Want a vacuum that you can run while you're out having fun over the weekend or at work. It won't do your weekly vacuuming but will keep the floors spic and span before you can get around to it again.-Have mostly hardwood and tile or other hard floors with not much furniture or clutter around your house. (Low pile carpet is also ok, but Roomba may find it hard to jump on the carpet from a hard floor if it is higher than a quarter of an inch.) It also gets stuck if you have too much furniture and will take most of the time trying to free itself.-Like to vacuum just once a week and looking for something that will get those little irky tidbits, pet hair, small crumbs off the living room/kitchen/bathroom floor so that you don't have to bend and pick all the time with a dustpan and brush or get your stick vac.- Don't mind if tight corners are missed by Roomba since you'll go over them once a week anyway. You just love the fact that it can slide under the bed or coffee table and vacuum there.Don't get the Roomba if:- You are a micro-manager who loves to have everything "just so" as Roomba will drive your crazy with its unpredictable swings and twists and turns while missing the obvious dirt or crumbs (Sometimes it behaves as if it's blind but knows it's way around the room and at other times you can swear it can see where you are and makes a beeline for you instead of getting the dirt which is right by it)- You have the time to run a light stick vacuum around every other day for 15 minutes, as that is all Roomba really replaces.-Hate anything but super quiet machines as Roomba can be noisy when it's working-Would rather clean yourself than watch the Roomba falter and miss and also have to pick up before and after Roomba gets into action- Believe that i-Robots can be really alive, as Roomba can really spook you out as it seems to know what you're thinking....and still ignores your instructions when you do say them out loud...Why I like my Roomba?Because I would never clean my floors as often if I did not have a Roomba. It's excellent on my hard floors especially as I have less furniture. It helps prevent the dust build up between vacuuming sessions which for me can be 2-weeks apart.-I can leave my Roomba in my car trunk and some time later I have a nicely vacuumed clean trunk.My pet peeves:-Roomba's dust chamber is quite small and has to be cleaned after every vacuuming, though it's easy to snap off, pour out dirt and snap back on.-Roomba struggles in carpeted areas unless the carpet is of the flat very low pile kind. I haven't used it for my carpet.
I bought this kettle to heat up water in my cubicle at the office, and it works great.  The 1 liter size is good for a day, because it gives me several cups of water without having to make multiple trips to the fountain to fill it up.  The water heats quickly, and its easy to detect when the water is hot.  It's nice that the cord unplugs from the back of the kettle, because I can unplug it at the end of the day as an extra security feature.A good kettle for the price.
This electric kettle boils water really quickly because the heating element is a submerged coil, not just a plate on the bottom.The kettle automatically turns off when the water boils. It doesn't make a sound though to let you know when this has happened - only a slight clicking noise as the on-off switch physically flicks to off - so if you want boiling water, it's best not to walk away. Just watch it until it boils. Luckily it only takes a minute or two since the kettle is so fast.It's only intended for boiling *water* - no making soup or tea in this kettle, because of the heating coil.
This kettle is easy to set up, easy to operate, and is attractive looking for any environment. It heats water usually in 5-10 minutes. The only drawback keeping this from a full 5 stars is the short cord. At a whopping 2feet long it caused me a bit of distress. I work in an office and outlets in our room are limited, consequently we use alot of power strips. The location I plug mine into required me to engage my powers of Appalacian-American ingenuity to modify the desktop for kettle accomodations. If you want to set it on your desk, you can forget it unless you have an extension cord or power strip sitting on the top of the desk. Overall this is a FANTASTIC value for what it does, I just wish the cord were longer.
I have had my proctor-silex electric tea pot for 2 years and just bought another one for work.  It has been just great and I especially like the automatic shut off.  This is the way to go for someone like me who has burned several regular tea kettles on the stove because I got busy with something else.Water heats quickly and I like that it is all one unit.  It is not the most beautiful looking thing but it serves me well!
I bought this to use at work so that I can have my morning tea without having to microwave it - it never tastes the same to me from the microwave.  This is the perfect size for my desk.  It holds one quart and heats very quickly.  It's attractive looking as well.  My one complaint would be that the cord is much too short.  I had to get an extension cord in order to plug it in.  I guess it's designed for kitchen countertops where the plugs are easier to reach but if you're in the kitchen why wouldn't you just use the regular stove top kettle?  If the cord had been longer, it would have gotten five stars.
This little kettle boils a liter of water in a few minutes flat. That's great, it's what i paid for. Here are the less-than-critical reasons for which i deducted a star:1) The cord: barely 2 feet long, this means that until i get an extension cord, i have to keep the kettle on the floor under my desk at work. That's a bit annoying.2) The lid: while it clicked shut easily before i ever used it, after the first few boilings it now requires firm, direct pressure to shut completely. Less annoying than the cord, but still irksome.3) The on/off switch: I like that it lights up when it's on, that's fantastic, but the lever-like form is placed exactly where one might expect a lever to open the top. I find myself clicking it trying to open the kettle quite frequently.4) Steam vents: when pouring, steam sneaks out near the hinge of the lid. You'd have to have a strange pouring method to actually scald yourself by doing this, but the fine condensate along the top can get annoying as well, especially when trying to open the kettle.So, all in all, fantastic and cheap. Just a few little troubles that Proctor Silex might consider addressing if they ever do a redesign.
This ice cream freezer will work well, but you have to do a couple things to ensure it performs correctly.1) Turn your freezer down to its coldest level when you are freezing this bowl.2) Pre-cool the ice cream mixture before you freeze it in the bowl.3) Mount the bowl on the mixer and turn it on before pouring in the ice cream mixture or the paddle will freeze to the sides of the bowl (don't ask how I know!)4) Mix/freeze the ice cream only as long as it takes to become like soft-serve ice cream.  Further mixing will not harden it, and the friction and warming of the bowl will actually begin to make it too soft after a while.5) Transfer the mixed ice cream to another container that has little to no air space to keep ice crystals from forming.6) Remember that the faster the ice cream freezes (caused by super cold bowl and pre-cooled mixture), the smoother and creamier it will be.Have fun!
I got this ice cream maker with my new KitchenAid mixer. Since I already owned an electric ice cream maker I'm not certain I would have purchased this for myself, but as a freebie this was a pretty neat bonus.What should you expect with this set? It includes a freeze bowl, dasher, a bowl adapter, and a drive assembly. The construction is fairly good which is what I would expect from KitchenAid. I inherited my original KitchenAid mixer from my mother and it is still going strong and has been in service for over fifty years with no repairs. That says a lot as far as I am concerned.Since I am not into additives, making my frozen treats is the way to go. While this unit comes with its own booklet, I bought the Ben&Jerry;'s cookbook that is loaded with a lot of recipes. I have had no problems with this unit in terms of yielding a good end result or in terms of operation. I make a point of following the directions without improvising. My advise is to freeze the bowl for at least fifteen hours as instructed. If you are lucky enough to have a chest freezer, use it because it doesn't get much colder unless you have spent time outdoors in Chicago this past winter. Once you assemble your ingredients and mount the ice cream unit on the mixer, it takes about 25 minutes to yield two quarts of frozen happiness.The only negative that I can see is that this machine will only yield 2 quarts. If you need greater capacity, be prepared to time things so you can make more.Overall, this is a fun attachment that works far better than the old crank units and is fun to use. My grandkid loves to concoct peculiar spins on basic recipes and is amazed how quickly the liquid ingredients freeze up. Come to think of it, I enjoy using this as well.
This attachment works well, and is incredibly easy to use.  Simple.  I've never made ice cream before in my life, and as I followed an enclosed recipe through the mixing, pre freezing, stirring, etc... I couldn't tell if I was doing it right or not, but in hindsight -- there really is no way to screw this one up.  It is that easy.  The amount of ice cream you can make is small -- a good thing.  This means that you can experiment and make all kinds of different flavors -- tweak the basic recipe with an added ingredient here and there -- and really enjoy "custom" flavors.  If you want a lot of ice cream, no problem.  Just make a few extra batches and freeze it for later.  The only CON is that it really is fun, it makes OUTSTANDING ice cream, and therefore...I probably consume ice cream more often than I should.  But again, it is so good that truly, I have less guilt with this "homemade and natural" concoctions I make than when I dip into a generic tub of Ben & Jerry's.  It's worth the extra time at the gym!
Well actually I got it when I got the food grinder, but this is the one I used first.  This is my first ice cream maker and I love it.  I've made two batches so far and it has performed well.  My sherbet  was ready after a few hours in the freezer.  My ice cream was best after it froze overnight.I wish you could make two batches back to back, but according to KA customer service it's not advised becuase the second batch may suffer.  The directions are unclear as to when to add ingredients like nuts.  There are two sets of directions in the instruction booklet and each gives a different time.  I just throw mine in during the last two minutes of mixing.The best thing is that it is an attachment so it doesn't take up any additional counter space.  You have to freeze the bowl at 15 hours in advance,  so impulse ice cream making is not an option unless you store the bowl in the freezer.  I do this during the summer and it is very convenient.Get this, the Williams-Sonoma Ice Cream Book and the Ben & Jerry's book and you're set.  If I could do back-to-back batches, I'd give this five stars.
I have tried many of the frozen canister type ice cream freezers - but, not until I tried the KitchenAid bowl attachment did I have it all - ease of freezing and excellent texture results! I typically use a family recipe vanilla base - from which I make both flavored and fruit ice creams. The time between soft serve stage (20 minutes) and ripened ice cream is about 4+ hours. A completely chilled base into a completely frozen canister is essential! The secret is the power of the KitchenAid mixer to successfully turn the dasher as mixture begins to freeze. The best attachment I've bought for my awesome KitchenAid stand mixer.Making delicious frozen desserts is easy with this handy attachment. It is very simple, attach the ice cream maker to your KitchenAid stand mixer, with the help of the adapter ring. Once charged in the freezer, the liquid within the bowl's double walls provides thorough and even freezing of frozen dessert and ice cream batters. Just turn on the mixer, pour in the batter, and let the dasher and freeze bowl do the work.This includes a 2-quart ice cream maker attachment and instruction guide with recipesDesigned to fit most KitchenAid household stand mixersStore in freezer for 15 hours.Recommended. prisrob 09-25-13
I have wanted to make some home-made ice cream for awhile.  It was something my Grandparents used to do in the summertime, and I always really loved it.  After recently buying theKitchenAid Artisan Series 5-Quart Mixer, getting this attachment was a no-brainer.It took me awhile to get the hang of this.  First off, the attachment doesn't "click on" like the bread hook, but is held in place by the pressure between the mixer and the bowl.  The instructions didn't make this clear, and there are some parts that come with this attachment I didn't end up using.  It depends on what kind of stand mixer you have.  However, once that was figured out making the ice cream was a breeze.It is definitely not "instant ice cream", or something that can be made on the spot.  The bowl has to be frozen for about several hours before using.  If you have the space, then you can just leave the bowl in the freezer by my refrigerator is too small for that.  Once you have the bowl cold enough, you mix the ingredients together and then pour them into the bowl with the mixer running, which takes about 20 minutes.The ice cream you are going to get will be "soft serve" consistency.  You can put the finished product into the fridge to firm it up a bit, but it will crystallize and become more like sherbet.  I haven't managed to get really thick creamy ice cream yet, but I will keep trying.This attachment comes with a simple recipe book to get you started, but I recommend picking up theBen & Jerry's Homemade Ice Cream & Dessert Bookas a supplement.
...I've come to the conclusion that I will be happily using the KitchenAid stand mixer for many years more.I've always wanted, and admired, KitchenAid's stand mixers, and after wrestling with a hand mixer for years I decided to take the plunge when Amazon offered a lighting deal on one, and I'm very glad I did.  The KitchenAid is well built, powerful, easy to use, and, dare I say it, beautiful.Materials wise the KitchenAid is all-metal and is put together very well.  The mixer is heavy, and sturdy, and with its robust rubber feet, stays planted in one place.  The 6-quart bowl and all of the attachments are well made.  I did, however, have to call KitchenAid and get a replacement whisk, as the one that came with mine was broken.  They asked no questions, and I had a new whisk a few days later at no cost.  The assembly to raise and lower the bowl is nice and smooth and locks firmly into place when raised.  The 10-speed control is convenient to use with distinct detents for each speed.  Lastly, the accessory port on the front of the mixer is attached to the machine so it won't get lost.  I'd also like to mention that the mixer is assembled in the USA, which I liked.The design of the KitchenAid is timeless and will look nice in any kitchen.  No need to stash this machine away in a cupboard or cover it up.  I have the Caviar Gloss, which is a metallic black.  And while the color is quite nice, I can see why white is a very popular color, as any flour is instantly visible on my dark color.In use the KitchenAid is up to the task of heavy loads and does not bog down easily.  I use mine about twice a month to make cookies (a batch of 5 dozen) or brownies.  I've never had any problems with the mixer and it is aging quite well.  On the two lowest speeds the motor can make slight clicking noises, but it has never slowed down or smelled funny, so I don't see it as an issue, but thought I would mention it anyway.The one thing I really dislike is that you cannot put the beater or dough hook attachments in the dishwasher.  Washing them by hand is not hugely inconvenient but I hate hand washing.  I have, however, placed the mixing bowl and whisk in the dishwasher without any problems.All in all... a staple for any kitchen that feels like it will last for generations.
My older modern KitchenAid was falling apart, the plastic on the lever speed fell off, the metal mixing bowl would often get stuck on the base of the mixer, even though everything was clean. Time for a new mixer, I found a great deal and purchased this silver KitchenAid.I am very happy with this mixer. I never intend to mix 14 cups of flour at a time in this mixer, so that part of the ad was superfluous. However, everything else I want to mix, whip or knead goes perfectly easily with this mixer. I recently saw a cooking show where the host mixed her meatloaf in a KitchenAid, and I did the same, saves time and messy hands!The Soft Start feature is a plus when mixing flour with liquid ingredients, a great touch!  I love the Flex Edge beater and the new design of the dough hook. The ten speed settings are a plus, thought find I stick with my usual speed. I did purchase a glass bowl, and I like this owl much better than the steel bowl. I can see at a glance the amount of ingredients I have. The bowl and other tools are dishwasher safe, but I usually hand wash.All in all, this mixer is a much more grounded mixer, feels tougher and sounds better. I will never be without my KitchenAid mixer.Recommended. prisrob 08-11-13
I love Kitchenaid mixers, and none have every failed me.  Granted I'm not a professional, nor am I an overly enthusiastic amateur, but I do love bread, cake, and cookies!  Having previously owned an Artisan, I was fortunate enough to get this bad boy as a Christmas gift.  It's definitely bigger than the artisan, but it fits well under my cabinets, and when you consider that the Artisan requires a bit of space to swing up and this doesn't, it doesn't take more space in operation.  The bowl however, is definitely bigger, and it works differently.  The last difference is in the attachments, as this comes with a different dough (spiral) hook and different finish in the dough hook and paddle.  Cost can be a difference, but I've seen great deals on these if you're not set on a particular color.What do those differences mean for me?  Well, I don't mind the size difference, and once I got used to the different bowl mechanism (I've always used tilt head designs), it was second nature, though I could never adjust it so it didn't scrape the bottom (the height adjustment screw wouldn't travel enough)  The bowl however is huge, and for single batches, it's honestly too big.  I've seen a 3q bowl/whip elsewhere, but I've yet to try that.  The dough hook is amazing, but again, the giant bowl works better with larger batches.  I've never had some of the issues with overheating, though it runs very hot at times, and I've taken breaks.  One trick I've used is to place a chilledThermipaq Hot Cold Pack 9.5 x 16 - Thermionics 302atop the casing when it gets hot.  Perhaps better heat sinks, heat pipes, or other modern passive cooling system would be better, as I can imagine a more avid user being held back by heat.  The lack of dishwasher safe attachments is a pain, as I frankly I disdain anything that requires handwashing.All in all I love my mixer.  I wish it had a smaller bowl option, and I can see how overheating can be a challenge.  These issues are relatively minor, and I'm quite glad to own it.
I have always had one cooling rack and it's never enough. I end up moving the semi-cooled cookies off before I really want to, to make room for the next batch.  Now I don't have to with theWilton Excelle Elite 3-Tier Cooling Rack.  When I fill up the first rack, just add on another and keep going.  A great idea and a great price.  This item also qualifies for the 4-for-3 promotion so you can make it an even better bargain.
I probably didn't read the "fine print" well enough, because . . . for whatever reason. . . I wasn't thinking that these were actually three individual wire racks.  But that's exactly what they are.  I guess I was thinking that it would it was a three-tier rack that would "pop-up" when you open it. . . but not so. . . . I guess that's a good thing, because if you need just one rack. .  .you can use just one.  If you need two racks. . . you can use two. . . and if you need all three, then you can use three.These are not the most sturdy racks.  But they work.One thing I wish they had included was some way to attach them together, especially for storage.  I made my own by using Velcro straps (see link below). You can also use twist-ties.Velcro Reusable Self-Gripping Ties, 0.5 Inches x 8 Inches, Black/Gray, 50 Ties per Pack (90924)
I love these cooling racks.  My kitchen doesn't have a lot of counter space to spare, and these racks are simply perfect when I make cookies.  They're quite sturdy, and they fold up neatly for storage in a drawer.I took off a star because little rust spots have started to show (they showed up after less than a month of 1-2 times a week cookie baking).  I wash these in the dishwasher, but I don't use the heated dry option.  This is probably causing the rust, I think?  The rust isn't on the lengthwise surface I set the cookies on; instead, it's on the spots where the crosswise wires under the lengthwise wires connect.  I hope that makes sense, it's rather difficult to describe.  Handwashing and immediately drying these racks probably would've prevented the rust spots.  The rust doesn't bother me enough to stop using these racks, however.I've had these cooling racks for over 3 months, and I still love and use them.  I will be buying an additional set because with just 3 stacking racks I run out of room with those double batches of cookies.  For $10, how can you beat that?
These stacking cooling rack are a good idea. I put six huge cookies on each rack. I have used them several times. The only reason I took one star away was that they are a little unstable until you put the cookies on them but that should not be a deal breaker.
This R. H. Forshner knife is a moderately priced chef's knife that is weighted slightly toward the blade, with a pebbled, black plastic handle that makes it easy to hold onto, even with wet hands.  The blade is sharp and durable, made of high carbon, stainless steel, and can (and should) be sharpened after it begins to dull.  Its widest point is about half the width of my Henckel's chef knife, an obvious sign of why the Forshner is less expensive.  My only concern with this knife is its questionable durability; the blade is not attached with rivets (the round, metals connectors you see on better knives), perhaps increasing the odds that the blade will slip loose from the handle after a few years of use.Serious cooks might not like the thinner blade, lighter weight, and lack of rivets, but most people will appreciate this chef's knife and the way it slices through vegetables.  It makes a great, affordable gift for most people who spend time in the kitchen.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
Like the Victorinix santoku, this knife is SHARP and lightweight. Unfortunately, for me (tiny hands), it's not that comfortable, although the santoku is.I should say that my mom has this same knife, and hands the same size as mine, and she loves it, so your mileage may vary. For me, this handle is too big, and I feel like my wrist is an awkward angle. I don't know why it's different for her.All that said, I love this line of knives. they're thin, lightweight, super sharp, and super sturdy. They seem like a different theory in knives than thicker and heaving blades like Henckels, but, honestly, I prefer these, and I suspect they'll last just as long.Overall, highly recommended, especially given its competitive price point, but beware that the handle may not be ideal for small hands.
I bought this knife because it was so highly-rated by Cook's Illustrated.  My previous Calphalon chef's knife was too heavy, and the blade was too thick for me to use easily.The new Forschner chef's knife is great!  The blade is big, sharp, and maneuverable.  The handle is comfortable, with a non-slip surface.A thinner, lighter blade with a simple plastic handle should feel cheap...but this doesn't.  It cuts precisely, and carves meats beautifully. I sliced both thin scallions and a thick London Broil with equal ease, and minced an onion in record time.Overall, this is an amazing value for a chef's knife, whether it's your first big knife, or you're replacing a chef's knife that just doesn't cut it.  You'll be amazed at what $20 can buy!
I'm not going to lie to you and say that this is the best knife I own.  I compared it against myJ.A. Henckels Twin Five Star 8-Inch High Carbon Stainless-Steel Chef's Knife, and definitely found it wanting.  A stamped blade is simply not as good as a forged blade, both in terms of balance and edge.  I also found it too light and at the same time bulky in my hand, making it more difficult to handle over all.That being said, in this price range you are not going to find better.  Victorinox are the makers of the famous "Swiss army knife", and they know a thing or two about mass-produced quality.  For a stamped blade it is very sharp and strong, and with care will hold up for many years of use.  I have had stamped blades snap before, especially at the tip or handle, but there are no problems here.  I gave it a nice workout in my kitchen, and was very pleased with its performance.  The grip is a little rough at first, but it won't slip from your hand which is nice to know.So, while this isn't going to replace my forged blades any time soon, it is an excellent back-up chef's knife to have, and the cook on a budget is going to be thrilled.
This is a great handle cover and does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Yes, it IS small and fits perfectly on the iron skillet handle and out of my way.  It saves my hand from getting burnt and I don't have to have a bulky large mit on that is in my way.  I can't belive I have waited so long to get one of these!I rated it 4 because it is just black, nothing interesting but the quality of the product is good.Save yourself from the burn!  :)
Is it just me or do other folks remember watching as your grandmother made delicious food in similar big, heavy pans?Pros:*Cooks evenly.  (Reciprocal con:  extremely heavy)*Keeps moisture in.*Great for slow cooking.*Moves easily from the stove top to the oven.*Lid easily interchanges from this pan to the same size skillet doing double duty for both pans.*Unless something's gone horribly awry your entire house smells heavenly while your food cooks.Cons:*Clean up can be difficult.  Every time I clean them my drain becomes clogged (though to be fair my kitchen drain is always slow moving).  I splurged for the dedicated lodge scrubber and it helps quite a bit though I still often pre-clean using a plastic scrapper on the bottom prior to finishing the clean up with the scrubber.  Also, be careful to thoroughly dry and rub in a coat of oil post cleaning and prior to storing the pans away.*Because of the pan's thickness allow extra time for it to heat up.*Extremely heavy.  (Reciprocal pro:  cooks evenly)
I used this Lodge 5 quart Dutch Oven for a few years, but gave it away to a friend when I moved cross country. It performed quite admirably and I was glad to give it to someone who would keep using it. When I settled down at my new locale, I decided to purchase theLodge Logic 5-Quart Double Dutch Oven and Casserole with Skillet Coverinstead. The Double Dutch Oven performs just as well as the item on this page, but you get the advantage of having a flat lid which doubles as a 10 inch skillet. There's really no disadvantage either, unless you actually plan to use the pot over some coals - in which case the traditional lid with handle might be better suited since you can maneuver it using a long hooked pole.Another item to consider is an equivalent dutch oven which is coated in enamel. While I'm careful with my bare cast iron pots and pans, I find it difficult to keep the dutch ovens properly seasoned. That's because long cooking with moist heat seems to remove the coating you've worked hard to build up. I recommend enamel-coated cast iron for dutch ovens and bare cast iron for skillets.
I have pre seasoned cast iron and this is the first one that has rusted on me as soon as water touches it. I do however love the way this cooked. I made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out wonderfully. I have never used a dutch oven but needed one for a while now and glad I purchased this one. It was a great price. My only advice, I'm only 5'0 and 105 pounds, this sucker is super duper heavy! 12 pounds of cast iron, so be careful when lifting. Great product and great value!
This is a good value: well-designed, priced well for what you get, and very useful. For a quick personal smoothie/blended drink this is great. You can take the cup with you, it has a secure lid, the blender works fairly well, the cord wraps around, you can take it with you.But given price and size there are some limitations: it is not too powerful, ice will take a long time to get chopped, and you might have to thin out your mixture to keep things moving. Also the cup is pretty wide and might not fit in your cup holder. But the positives outweigh the negatives: I have made many good tasting smoothies even with ice, especially after playing with what to add and how much and in what order. It is small and portable. Great addition to almost any kitchen and someone getting it as a gift will think you paid a lot more: useful and recommended.
I love the compact form factor and convenience of this blender. I was looking specifically for an inexpensive small unit just for myself that I could make protein shakes in for breakfast or after a workout, or maybe some pureed soups once in a while. This is perfect from a cost and size perspective. The cup is quite tall and makes a good sized serving. It can go right in the fridge and fits in a car cup holder. The cord wraps around the base for storage, which is a smart feature.Some reviewers are having issues with this crushing ice.. that's because it's not designed for that! The manual states not to put hard foods in here, like cheese and meats (but who reads manuals?). Soft items like fruits, veggies, and protein powders are all I intend to use this for (and the occasional creme soup, as mentioned earlier). Because it's plastic, I don't recommend putting any hot liquids or solids in here either and neither does the manual.I do have several small nits to pick:- the cap is not twist off. It's just a simple push-down lid. I often have to spend a few extra moments making sure the seal is correct. With wet/slippery hands, this is more of an issue getting the lid on and off.- blade assembly is not removable for washing. If you grind anything that sticks and doesn't rinse out easily with a good shake, be prepared to get in there with chopsticks, a toothbrush, or some other way to get under the blades. For example, I probably wouldn't make guacamole or humus with this.- balance issues? I couldn't tell if my banana and soy protein were thoroughly blended. I couldn't see through the jar due to the color of my mix and it felt heavy on one side, like the banana was lodged on the blade and just getting spun around the inside, but not getting chopped. I think this has to do with the way the blades are angled. As you can see from the photos, the angles are asymmetrical, causing the liquids inside to spin unevenly.I would like to order one or two more blender jars, but I can't find them on Amazon or anywhere else. If my cup cracks, I don't want to have to throw away the base.
I have had this in my cart for a long time and as every frequent shopper of Amazon knows, the price will adjust to the most current pricing until you make your purchase. If you have the time and don't need your item right now It's kind of a neat way to get the best price. In the few months I have been tracking the price on this I have seen it range between 10 and 20 bucks. Whatever price you get this at it's worth it.We use it mainly for smoothies. Lots of fruits, milk, yogurt and small amounts of ice. If you plan on making slushie's or frozen margarita's with this you have the wrong appliance. You need a full blender. This is intended for pulsing and not constant on ice crushing. The price can't be beat and the small amount of space that it occupies is far better than having the blender out every day.The only issues I have with this is the "Cup" and the cleaning.The cup is the blending jar and has the blades in it. It just looks silly drinking out of it on the train or bus. If you like answering questions of why you have blades in your cup from your fellow morning commuters then it should not be an issue. I usually dump it in a travel mug. The other problem is that if you do not have access to running water soon after your done drinking your smoothie it becomes difficult to clean.The blending jar is difficult to clean because it does not come apart. A few blasts from a sprayer usually does the trick if you rinse it soon after your done. If you let it dry  It will require soaking and some help from the handle of a wooden spoon to clean it.The instructions state it's not to be placed in the dish washer. We have used it and it did warp the lid but not a huge problem if you don't use it as a cup.I got it for 12 bucks and it's worth every cent.
Living the single life, you really don't need the 'full size' appliances for every cooking adventure that you might think you do.  What I like about this blender/smoothie maker is the compact size.  It can fit on the counter without taking up any space or because it's so light weight, can easily be stowed in the cabinet.With two jars and two lids, you can prep a protein beverage a couple hours ahead of time and have it ready for consumption as soon as your workout is over.  Then turn around and blend another beverage for taking on the road.  The lids are great for on the go smoothies and iced coffee beverages, my personal favorite.  The noise during use is comparable to what you might expect with other blender/mixers; not too loud but certainly not a whisper quite appliance.  Overall, I'm impressed with this blender/mixer and would recommend it for anyone living alone.  For families or more than one person, I'd recommend checking out more heavy duty blenders.
This blender makes a good single serving smoothie. I use frozen fruit, and it blends it completely. The travel lid, however, doesn't come on and off easily - it's designed to stay on tight for carrying - which is a hassle you're adding ingredients to the jar. Otherwise, it works surprisingly well.
What attracted us to this little vacuum, was all it's great reviews, as well as the fact it is small and had the ability to change access to the brushes.  You have to see the visual to understand this.  But you can change the opening to the brushes in this vacuum from the bottom to the front, which seemed perfect for stairs.There were a lot of things we liked and very few things we didn't like.****Pros:*****SUCTION: What struck us the first time using this vacuum, was that it literally stuck to the stairs due to the amount of vacuum.  Wow, that tells you it is picking up stuff.CORD & CORD STORAGE: It has a nice long cord and also has an area to wrap the cord around.ACCESS TO BRUSHES: Brush access front or bottom didn't need you to turn off the vacuum just grab a handle on the side and voila.  While you were mid vacuum this was easy to do.  However the lever to do this was on only one side of the vacuum, the left which if you are holding the vacuum in your left hand and want to switch it, with your right you have to change hands. I don't see any reason why this lever is not on both sides.INDEPENDENT HOSE FOR CLEANING TIGHT CORNERS.This made the vacuum.  With the ability to pull off the hose and add a crevice tool, this makes it possible to do the complete job of vacuuming the stairs.*****Cons:*****FILTER: I don't like the type of filter in this vacuum.  This might change over time, but the disposal cup and filter type remind me of the cheaper cordless vacuums that had a 30 second life span.  I find it hard to empty as everything sticks to the filter.WEIGHT: It is a few ounces heavier than I would hope it would be, but in order to be solid and have great suction, this may be the price you pay.  I can see where some might find it fatiguing to use.OVERALL:As I have owned quite a few vacuums over the years, time influences how you feel about a product, from longevity to being too specialized.  I will update this review in about 6 months and let you know how this works out.  We have 4 cats and I know their fur takes a toll on vacuum as well as my shoulder length hair.
This is a very good hand vac. The suction power is excellent, and it has several features that really make it stand out, such as the flip-up guard on the brush head to make it easier to vac stairs, and a well-designed accessory hose. The beater bar can be switched on and off, something that is not that common in a hand vac.Other features I've found to be well-done and helpful are the ability to store the detail nozzle onboard, an easy to empty dust bin, and the ability to wrap the cord around the base. Plus, the cord is very flexible, making it easy to unwind/wind.But, even with all the thought that went into the vac design, there are a few small misses. The handle is not all that comfortable to grip - this would greatly benefit from a soft grip type handle with rounded edges rather than the hard plastic that it currently has. The other point that could be improved is the dust bin. While it is easy to take off/put on and empty, the filter is hard to clean. According to the manual it is not washable, making it even more difficult to clean. A washable filter would b a huge plus.But these are small issues and none prevent me from giving this a strong recommendation. It's a huge help in the never-ending battle with cat fur!
We have a problem with our puppy scattering his kibbles and bits all over the kitchen floor.  Sweeping the mess up with a broom is much more difficult than using this Eureka
For several years, I kept replacing cordless hand vacuum after hand vacuum.  If there is one certainty with those cordless hand vacuums, it is that the batteries inside them will cease to hold a charge after about a year.  I finally tired of the cycle and wasted money and decided to try out a corded hand vacuum.  The Eureka stood out because of all the positive reviews on Amazon.The first thing you'll notice is that it is quite heavy for a hand vacuum.  I actually liked the heft because it made it feel more solid and better built.  A throwback to the saying that "they don't make 'em like they used to."  When running, it is actually quite loud.  Louder than the cordless models I'd used in the past.  The trade-off is much better performance.  The Eureka 71B picks up debris that my full-size Hoover misses.The crevice tool and hose are perfect for corners and wall edges and good for cars & trucks.  To my surprise, the hose attachment swiveled for easier maneuverability.  Also, I keep sand toys in the back of my 4Runner for my kids so the trunk area has tons of sand.  The Eureka 71B had no problem with that job.  My neighbor was so impressed that she asked to borrow it for her SUV.  I only wish that it had come with an attachment that worked better in hard to reach places under car seats.The dirt cup is easy to see and fills up fast.  Like most bagless vacuum's, it is easy to clean, but can be messy.  I try to empty the dirt cup after each use to keep it from getting too nasty and also to keep it working at it's best.  The 20 foot cord is of convenient length and the cord wrap keeps it nice and tidy when not in use.I do not miss cordless hand vac's AT ALL.  I fully expect the Eureka 71B to outlive all of my previous hand vacuum's combined, and then some.  For the few dollars that Amazon is charging, this purchase is a no-brainer.
Eureka Hand-Held 71B VacuumThe 71B is a seemingly tame hand-held dust buster, but in fact it is a very powerful unit. I had an old Dirt Devil that was messy and weak. I had an old cordless Dust Buster that died, and my current cordless Dust Buster has very bad memory effect with the weak NiCd battery cells. I decided it was time I went with a more powerful handheld so I could vacuum my car interiors as well as tight spots around the house.The 71B is a bagless system, but relies on a filter within a dust cup. This filter is noted as non-washable and requires you to tap it clean. I did as much tapping as possible and it is still impregnated with dust and dirt. There is also a lot of leakage of light dust in the exhaust area, nozzle compartment, and even around the hose joint.The power switch is split into 4 modes: default is OFF, 1 back is to eject the dust cup, 1 forward is to turn it on without the rollers, and all the way forwards is to turn it on with the rollers engaged. It is easy to accidentally flick it into the dust cup eject, but luckily you need to yank on the cup as well to remove it.The front visor can be rotated to allow vacuum the vertical part of stair risers to prevent a lesson in Yoga to successfully vacuum carpeted stair cases. However, I noticed a lot of dirt and debris trapped in the gasket area of the visor during normal vacuuming. TO clear this area very easily, just keep the vacuum running and rotate the visor. It will suck the debris into the cup.The suction is so powerful even with the dust cup half full, that dust bunnies and objects will fly into the hose if you aim it at them a few inches away. Unfortunately, the hose is way too short to reach difficult spots or the ceiling. The dust filter is also difficult to re-insert into the dust cup. It would be nice if the filter was washable, as it might cut down my cleanup time instead of tapping it outside to release a dust storm.The backblast or exhaust is also very powerful. Many other users noted that this exhaust blew the dust all over the place. I would recommend you be cognizant of the backblast and just avoid aiming it at dirty areas. The benefit of the 71B is the powerful suction, so I don't mind the exhaust especially when it is aimed directly behind the unit. Some dust busters would aim the exhaust below, causing a dust storm as you are vacuuming.The cord just wraps around the base of the vacuum, and at first the cord was too stiff to do this in a clean manner. Eventually it would wrap up neatly, but the long length of cord also allows you to move around a room or inside a vehicle interior more freely than if you had too short of a cord length.Overall: 4/5 stars, the filter isn't washable according to the owner's manual and the filter is hard to re-insert into the dust cup. The hose is too short. But the vacuum is very powerful and the visor allows you to vacuum vertical risers on stairs as well as odd spots inside a car interior. You also get ample cord length!
Since my Oreck vac doesn't have a hose extension, I was in desperate need of small vacuum that had a hose and crevice attachment. I got an excellent deal on this vacuum at K-Mart due to someone marking it with the wrong price. I immediately put it to work cleaning 3 fans in my house that were caked in dust. This has excellent suction and I was able to get the job done quickly.After about 20-25 minutes of cleaning fans, I took it outside to clean my patio furniture cushions. I got through two out of four chairs before it overheated and shut itself off. A bit of a bummer, but I've had other machines do this, so it's not the end of the world. If this machine holds it's suction power, than I don't mind it shutting off after 30 minutes. Most of the time I won't be using it near that long anyway.The dust cup removes and empties easily and holds quite a bit. The hose isn't very long, so you will have to hold the vacuum in one hand while cleaning anything that's off the floor, and depending on what your cleaning and how long it takes, the machine can get a bit heavy. Oh, and the cord, which is very long, can be a pain. I kept stepping on it and getting my feet tangled in it...a retractable cord would have been nice, but I'll appreciate the long cord when I'm using this to clean my car.Overall, while its not perfect, I definitely recommend it. It's much more powerful than a handheld DustBuster, but not as big and cumbersome as a full size vacuum with a hose. I'm very happy with this purchase.
I have gone through one cordless after another so I decided to buy a corded hand vac and chose this one due to the many high ratings.Here is what I like: *Powerful, *quiet for the power, *long cord, *not too heavy, *really digs down deep to clean even better then my favorite upright!, *easy to empty out the dirt.Here is what I didn't like: *Hose is way to short to be useful, *Hose detached for use aims in the same direction as the blower on the back of the unit so when you go to suck up the dirt it blows across the room while you chase it around like a circus clown act!, *the filter clogs quickly.All in all I'm happy with it and ordered the Electrolux car attachment kit which offers a longer hose that fits great as do the attachments included in the kit. With the longer hose you can aim it opposite the blower and avoid shooting dirt across the room. My hoover upright attachments also fit so I can use the extender tubes and reach ceiling fan blades too.
Our upright was not getting our stairs as clean we wanted, so we bought this to do the job - and to take care of occasional spills.Things we LOVE about this Vacuum:+ Front guard is adjustable, making it great for our stairs.+ Rotating brush has it's own motor.+ Very Powerful. Our stairs have never been so clean.+ Holds a lot of dirt for its size.+ Nice long cord+ Works very well on both our carpeted stairs and wood floor.+ Handy crevice toolTHings I wish were better:- Loud- HeavyNote: Even though this is loud - most vacs are and a little heavy for its size, it does an swesome job. HIghly recommended.
I bought this over the cheaper Cuisinart ice cream maker because I wanted the larger size (2qt vs 1.5qt). My biggest hesitation was so many reviews complained about the noise level. I did not find this to be a problem. Yes, it's louder than, say, a dishwasher, but quieter than a blender or even a stand mixer. It runs for 25-30 minutes and you probably won't be running this when you have guests over, so I'm not sure that it's really an issue.Based on my experience as a chef, I found the texture of the ice cream to be really good. I've used various commercial ice cream makers and while this is obviously not quite as nice, it is not bad at all. The final product (obviously depending on the recipe you use) is really good and better than most store-bought ice creams. The one (minor) complaint I have is that it does not scrape as close to the side as I would prefer, so there is a thin layer that sticks to the side and is impossible to scrape out (without scratching the container). But that isn't too big of a deal. I just let it warm a bit and have it as a treat for myself while the rest of the ice cream sets up in the freezer.For the price, this works great. Highly recommended.
This machine has been really neat to use.  It's has a very small counter foot print, everything stores within itself, and it's very easy to use and clean.  The quality of ice cream, yogurt, sorbet or mixed drink is dependent upon what you place into the freeze bowl before you switch it on.  I've made ice cream, ice milk, frozen yogurt, frozen drinks and everything mixed up quite well and were very flavorful.  The more fat in the mix the better the consistency and flavor.  The ice milk did freeze up nice but after going into the deep freeze it hardened up too much.  My recommendation is to stick with the full flavor varieties of ice cream and yogurt.However, sugar free drinks did not freeze well at all in the machine.  They tended to cause the machine to run hard and stop when the ice built up on the sides.  That nice slushy granular ice texture never formed and I had to stop the machine and pour warm water into the bowl to remove the ice.  You need the sugar to combine with the ice to get he granulated texture so I suggest to sticking to the real thing and use sugar.Cleanup is fast and simple and took just 2 to 3 minutes and every component was cleaned and the freeze bowl was back in the freezer ready for the next mixed drink or luscious creamy dessert.  You need to be careful with the freeze bowl and make sure that you refreeze the bowl upside down so any water can run out of it while it's drying and freezing.You won't be disappointed when you purchase this machine, and you will have loads of fun creating a plethora of frozen delights.
This little baby has performed well for me for several years.  It was rated well by a "leading consumer magazine" and so although I was hesitant about spending more than twenty smackers on an iron and was especially hesitant about buying a fancy one with an electronic control that could fail I did it anyway.I'm glad I did, it's a high quality iron that heats up fast, steams and sprays well, glides smoothly, is easy to clean, is heavy but not too heavy, has a comfortable grip, is fairly stable standing upright.  I don't htink I've dropped it but it is made a much tougher than a ten buck iron.My only complaints are the cord is ten feet--it sounds like a lot but it's not and just a couple of extra feet would be handy.  Cord storage is okay, it will wrap around and stay but I'm always worried that it will slip and break the water reservoir lid and you have to be careful to distribute the bulk underneath so it sits well.So overall it's not perfect but it irons well.  I would give it  4 1/2 if I could.  I am pleased to be reviewer number one thousand of this product.  Highly recommended.
I was researching irons and this was highly rated in a popular consumer ratings magazine. I took their advice and purchased it from Amazon and do not regret my decision.The Black & Decker D2030 iron does what any good iron should do. It gives you a suitable range of temperature settings, it gives you a variety of ways to apply water to the clothing you are ironing (steam, spray, surge), it has a nice long cord and it has just the right amount of heft that makes it feel like a good quality iron. The handle is very comfortable in the hand because the top side of the handle is not hard plastic like many other irons. I also like the fact that you can easily see the actual water level through the translucent water tank.The backlit LCD digital display is easy to read and it is comforting to know that there is an auto-shutoff that will take care of any forgetfulness to unplug the iron when finished using it or if you are unexpectedly taken away from your task of ironing.Setting temperature is accomplished by pushing a small button at the base of the LCD display until the desired fabric type is reached. I'd personally prefer a dial to choose temperature setting simply because I'm a visual kind of person and it's easier for me to dial in the right setting rather than press a button a multiple number of times to arrive at the "6" setting for cotton, for instance. But the method this iron uses is OK and I do like the audible beep that lets you know the iron has reached the selected temperature.There only a couple things that I'm not totally pleased with...-The provided filling container for the iron water reservoir is a joke. It is cheesy and does not hold enough water to actually fill the iron's reservoir in one fell swoop. It takes a couple trips to the faucet for that to happen.-The cap that closes the spout where you fill the iron with water is of dubious durability. I've owned this iron for 8 months and the cap has not broken off yet, but there are numerous reports of other people not being so lucky. You do need to handle the cap gingerly because it does not seem to be very robust in its construction.-The steam volume dial is not designed or placed very well. I am continually and inadvertently hitting the dial with my thumb while ironing which causes the dial to spin so that the steam is turned off. This is quite annoying and after 8 months, I -still- haven't been able to train myself not to hit the darn thing while I'm ironing. I'm right handed by the way and maybe this wouldn't be an issue for left handed users, although I'm not certain.This iron performs quite well overall. I am happy with it. My wife loves it. The price is right and in spite of it's shortcomings, it rates a solid 4.
I wasn't sure what I wanted in a scale, so I thought I'd get something that seemed okay but wasn't expensive and just see how it went. I was in a cooking store the other day that had some pretty nice scales and I had a bit of scale envy, but overall I haven't had any problems with this scale. It...Is easy to use without ever reading the directionsSmall and stores easilyEasy to swap out batteries, and they seem like they will last a long timeVery accurateEasy to switch from grams to ouncesIt is so easy to use, if I have it out to weigh ingredients I will even weigh my liquid ones since it's faster than bending down and squinting at the side of a liquid measuring cup. This also means I don't have to worry about cleaning a liquid measure between measuring different items.Next scale I get will probably be a little fancier, sturdier, come with a bowl and be easier to read with something large setting on it, but then I will probably just give this one to my bf and I'll just be using it to cook at his place anyway.For the price, I don't think you will be disappointed.
I thought this was humorous looking when I bought it.  I just don't have time in the morning to wait for water to boil and then my eggs to get hard boiled.  Enter the Nordic Ware Microwave egg boiler.  This device is so simple to use.You can cook 4 hardboiled eggs in 8 minutes...also, no mess!
I have owned this cooker for 5 years now and love how hassle-free it makes cooking hard boiled eggs.  Something I only did on Easter has now become a treat once every month or two!  In my microwave (1200 watt), 2 jumbo eggs take about 9 minutes to get fully hard boiled (I leave them 2 additional minutes sitting in the microwave after cooking).  I've tried less time than this, and the egg yolks come out a little more gooey than truly hard boiled.After 5 years of light use (using 6-8x a year), my cooker has developed some serious corrosion on the metal under the lid and a slight bit of corrosion on the metal egg holder.  I uploaded a photo to this listing to show this.  I do clean it in the dishwasher, top rack, as the instructions say is safe - so I'm not sure what happened.  The item does have a 5-year warranty from Nordic Ware, but I'm sure that the hassle and any shipping costs make using the warranty a poor option for such an inexpensive item.That said, since I have found this product highly convenient, I accepted 5 years of use as a relatively good mileage and just purchased a replacement.  :)
First let me say that in the tradition of All Clad this thing is gorgeous. It is not only stainless steel it is POLISHED stainless. It is like jewelry. Even the handles have that wrought/forged appearance to them. With the All-Clad name emblazoned dearly on the front it is a show stopper; something you want to feature in your kitchen, it is just that beautiful.As I mentioned in the title it came with one flaw. The handle that attaches to the glass lid has rivets out of pure metal that they must compress in order for them to flay out and keep the handle on. Considering that rivet is made of metal and it is securing a glass lid you can imagine that they have to go gently when using a machine with adequate strength to squash metal. Well mine wasn't squashed enough. First the one rivet went, and then the other one. It is a good thing the lid did not hit the floor. Since only one rivet went at a time it was still dangling with the handle attached. I will contact All-Clad and I am sure they will replace it with a good one. I am more than willing to send the one that came with it back to them.Now onto performance. This unit sells for 3 times the price of the inexpensive competition. I have the Black and Decker model as well. One night I was making up a huge amount of my famous 5 bean chili. (Which only has 3 kinds of beans in it, and no chili.)  If you use excellent pomidori/tomatoes long plum style in their own juice with no added salt or seasoning, you can season to taste and come up with some heavenly combinations. Anyhow I used both the Black and Decker and the All Clad set on high for 4 hours. Using a good cooking digital thermometer the Black and Decker only got to a little over 130 degrees and the All Clad hit around 180. Consequently the All Clad was properly cooked. It was late at night so I boiled it for a half hour so it would finish cooking. (Something you don't want to do with gravy/sauce) So I was disappointed with the Black and Decker. I will be contacting the manufacturer about that one as well. I will update when I have received the response from All Clad about the lid.The other thing that is beautiful about the All Clad is that the controls are all digital. So you can program it to do cartwheels if you want it to. Okay that is an exaggeration, and most people know what digital programming is with slow cookers; features like being able to schedule the time it starts, and when it shuts off, or whether you want it to simmer afterwards etc.The handles on the side of the All Clad into the metal were done properly. Like I said the glass lid took some dainty squashing of the rivet so as to not break the glass.I noticed in some of the reviews that the ceramic broke. I haven't experienced that yet but I did notice that All Clad had just the ceramic insert available for not too crazy amount of money. (Less than a third of the price of the cooker) The question I have is did the people who had the ceramic break get a little impatient in letting it cool down before pouring not so hot water over it?Anyhow this is now in the category of one of my most beloved kitchen tools. Join the party. I will be back for an update when I get in touch with All Clad about the lid. Can I say, &#34;Pretty much recommended&#34;. After the lid thing gets squared away, I am going to say, &#34;Highly Recommended&#34;.
9/30/07 .... IT DIED ... SEE BELOW .....I've had this for about a month and have used it about 4 or 5 times.  The only fault that I have noticed is that it cooks hotter than the average slow cooker.  Recipes that call for 6-8 hours, are done in 4 to 4.5 hours.  Recipes that call for 8-9 hours, cook in maybe 6 hours.  That would make it difficult to use if you plan to be out of the house for awhile or use it overnight.  The average slow cooker cooks at 185 degrees on low and 195-200 on high,  I contacted All-Clad and they told me that this one is about 200 on low and 240 on high.  I have only used the low setting.  It takes a little watching towards the end,  to make sure that meat doesn't turn to mush, but other than that, I do like the results.  For someone who works or has a busy schedule, this cooker would probably be limited to use on weekends or holiday days off.It is heavy and has a large footprint.  It is 6.5 quarts and a whole chicken fits in nicely.  The black ceramic insert cleans easily, but is large and you have to be very careful not to bang it on the sides of your sink.  I put a plastic sink mat on the bottom of my sink  before I wash it, and I am very very careful.The recipe book that comes with it is not much use - only 5 recipes if I remember correctly.  I called All-Clad and they were very very nice, but they had no extra recipes to send me.  At $150.00 and from a company like All-Clad, I would expect much more.  I've made Osso Bucco, Beef Bourguignonne,  Tarragon Chicken, Chicken Caccatore (sp), etc.. ... and loved them all.  My husband hated 'comfort' foods, complaining that the meat had no taste.  He has been eating and loving the recipes that I've made.  One of the books I'm using, suggested stirring after the first two hours - to keep the sauce from getting too watery and it gives a cook pleasure to be part of the cooking process.You may be asking why I like it so much since I have listed a few negatives - the main thing that I LOVE, is that once the ingredients are in the cooker I can walk away for at least two hours and forget about it.  I have always been a stove top slow food cooker - stews, soups, sauces etc.. and I don't have to check the All-Clad regularly to make sure that it isn't cooking too high, and I don't have to regularly adjust the flame, as I  always have to do with long  stove top cooking.  The cooker simmers the entire time.  I stir it  twice during the entire cooking time.I gave it four stars because of the faster cooking time, (can't leave the house for long) and the chinzy recipe book, and the high "All-Clad" price.As an aside, I never liked the old cooker recipes, canned mushroom soup, dump and cook.  The recipes I have been using call for prep time, browing, sauteeing onions and veggies, etc...  The prep time is basically the same as when you cook everything on the stove.  The advance prep work is well worth it, it really brings out the flavor of the ingredients.  I love to cook and by stirring and browing the meat, etc,,, I feel that I am doing  the cooking, not the cooker.  I also recommend making things the day before, refrigerating overnight,  and then reheating them the next night.  That makes a big difference in the end (eating) result.***************************************************************************************************************IT DIED ..... 9/27/07 ...I bought it last month, and had used it 5 or 6 times with great results.  The other night I had difficulty getting it to start - weird things happened on the LCD screen and I was unable to set the temp and get it going.  I played around with it and _finally_ got it started.  Last night I tried to start it again, and had the same problems, but finally got it to work.  Once it started, both times, it worked fine.I set it for 4 hours, but after it automatically switched to warm, I decided that my beef burgandy still needed another 30-45 minutes.  I shut it off and tried to reset it for another 4 hours (the minimum) and then planned to shut it off in 30-45 mintues when it was done.  It refused to start - NOTHING - it is KAPUT.  I pulled the plug, etc.. to no avail.  I had to put it in my dutch oven and finish cooking it on the stove.Considering the cost and the good reputation of All Clad, I am soooooo disappointed.  I called Customer Service at All Clad this morning and was told by the rep that 1 out of 5 electronic appliances fail!!!!  I think she was referring to appliances in general.  Maybe they should have stayed away from plugs!FYI.......The customer rep that I spoke to a few weeks ago about the high temp on LOW, told me that LOW IS 200 degrees.  The rep today told me that LOW is 215 degrees, HIGH is 240 and WARM is 160.Fortunately I bought this at Bed & Bath, so I can return it in person, rather than having to pay the postage, mailing it back to the seller and waiting for a credit.  I've decided not to get a replacement, I don't think that I will ever be able to trust this model again.After reading rave reviews on Amazon and several other sites,  I just ordered a Hamilton Beach Stay/Go non-programable cooker - $29.00 plus shipping and tax.  I think that I will try low tech this time.  I had to order online from Target as they do not sell this model in their stores.  Hopefully it will work out fine and I don't have to go through the hassle of returning it by mail.  I  just received my order of five slow cooker books from Amazon,  so at least I'll have something to read while waiting for delivery of the new cooker.  Keep your fingers crossed - I am.
Prior reviewers noted problems with design, construction, heating, features, controls, and company support.Initial inspection revealed no immediate material flaws.  The insert and parts fit together nicely and showed no defects.  The unit did not heat until turned on and heated slowly and steadily for it's first use.  The unit was easy to program.  The stew cooked nicely and was easy to serve from.  I had no problems with cleanup.This one experience does not justify the cost, fails to account for long term use (many problems are noted to occur by the third use), or put me up against the company.  I'm concerned that one-use reviewers like me may be altering the rating because of this.  I will certainly update after a month of use or sooner with problems.
Reading so many negative reviews led us to have very low expectations for the All-Clad.  We opened the box and were expecting to find a chipped insert with a rough bottom edge and bubbles in the glaze finish.  Well, that just wasn't the case, every thing was in great condition out of the box.  Our first test was not to measure temps. and times but rather to put this thing to work.  Our comparison would be an ancient slow cooker that we have had for years and looks like it has been through two world wars.One of our favorites is out of Mable Hoffman's Crockery Cookery cookbook. ( ISBN 1-55788-217-7) called &#34;Favorite Pot Roast&#34;.  This recipe will use both low and high settings.  We had a rump roast in the freezer that was slightly larger than called for and the other ingredients were on hand, onion, carrots, potatoes, celery, some water and beef broth along with the seasonings.Put everything together in the morning for about eight hours cooking time in the pot.  Slow cooking is what makes cheap cuts of meat tender and helps infuse flavor into the food.  We left to do some shopping, leaving the pot to do its thing.  Late afternoon  we could smell the aroma in the kitchen, wonderful smell and we were getting hungry.First we removed the veggies and meat then added some cornstarch to the water and juices to thicken and cooked on HIGH  until it was just right.Now it's time for dinner---made some garlic bread to go along with the stew.  Everything was perfect! Even had some leftovers.We waited until the ceramic insert was cool to clean in soapy water,  I'm sure if you put a hot ceramic pot in cold water it will crack, just were being very cautious.In conclusion, it has come to mind that All-Clad may have made changes to this slow-cooker as we have experienced none of the problems in some reviews.  I realize this is not a long term review, and can only state what our experience has been.  We have since made Chili con Carne and have had the same great results.Slow cooking is a great way to prepare flavorful food, when you just don't have time to spend in the kitchen while working all day. This probably should have been a five star review!---good luck slow cooking.
All Clad may be famous for their tri-ply stainless pots and pans, but they sure won't ever be famous for their electric appliances!  This slow-cooker is a real "looker", but it lacks any features that would help it rise above other slow-cookers.  And, this cooker totally lacks any connection with All Clad's famous tri-ply cookware.I think many people turn to this product page because they need a slow cooker, have had great luck with All Clad's cookware, and trust the All Clad name:--If money is no object and you are looking for a durable and serviceable slow-cooker to show off in your beautiful kitchen on a large and wide granite countertop, this is your model.  Unlike other reviews I've read, I have experienced NO trouble with my insert, and I consider this cooker to be quite impressive looking--and it works very much like my well-used and well-loved Breville slow-cooker.  Plus it is way more substantial, with better quality and workmanship than my Breville.  For what this cooker is, what it claims to be, I have to give it a four-star rating.  It is working just fine for me.  (My husband loves the look of it; smiles each time he passes by it, and wants to keep it up on the counter...  He has cooked a meal in it, and I'm sure would give it a 5-star rating, but he's not writing the review....)--If, on the other hand, you are working on a budget, have painstakingly chosen a select few of All Clad's tri-ply cookware pieces and are thinking of this cooker as an investment that will provide you with the same exacting performance as your revered pots and pans, well, stop right here.  This All Clad slow-cooker will surely disappoint you:  Unfortunately, you will not get precision for the price...So, while this slow-cooker is a beautiful appliance, with a heavy and thick ceramic insert and a hefty glass lid to hold the heat inside a classy light-weight metal sleeve and heating element, it is still just an average slow-cooker.  I think All Clad came up with this slow-cooker to compliment their #1-rated, very popular (and fabulous) line of tri-ply stainless pots and pans--and not because they wanted to present us with the world's best slow cooker.  Then they slapped a price tag on it to help maintain their top-of-the-line image.YOU CAN STOP READING HERE because I've covered the basics of my review above.  But if you have the time and are looking for more information--including the inner dimensions of the ceramic insert--keep on reading.Personally, I am still on a quest to find a substantial and quality slow-cooker with real temperature control.  I am not satisfied with two temperature choices:  I want to be able to finesse the temperature to match my recipes and a myriad of cooking variables.  Come on All Clad designers!  What's with the measly "low" and "high" temperature choices?  Not even a "medium" temp setting?  For this price I want variable temperature control. It's a shame that the engineers concentrated on a useless 26 hour timer when they should have been working on a way to safely provide a broader range of temperatures.  (There is a "warm" setting also, but it is not a cooking temperature, just a holding temperature.)Some other observations:--This cooker runs a little hot (similar to my Breville):  This means that your meals--cooked on low--will be done in 8 hours or less.  If you plan to set up your cooker before you leave for work, and if you work a 40-hour week, with a long commute, this cooker won't fit your schedule.  If your cookbook recipes say "10 hours", they will be done in 8 hours in this cooker.--This cooker is big:  It holds a whopping 6.5 quarts of food.  I use this size cooker for whole pork butts, large (3 lbs or more) beef chuck roasts with lots of veggies, big batches of beef cheeks for barbacoa.  I think it is too big for a pound package of peas for split pea soup, for instance.  It is best used for large meals, feeding six or more people.  It also works for smaller families as long as you are willing to eat leftovers or freeze portions for later use.  Ideally, you need to fill the cooker three-quarters full, otherwise your meal will cook even quicker, and it will cook unevenly, too.--Only five measly recipes come with this cooker, and the manual does not give any indication what "low" or "high" temp actually is.  So, without All Clad-provided recipes to compare to your familiar recipes, you will do a good amount of guessing before you get your timing tuned up right.  All-Clad included slip of paper advertising a year's worth of slow-cooker recipes on their website, but after a half-hour's search, I did not find them...--This product page gives outside dimensions.  Here are the dimensions of the inner oval (more of a rectangle with curved corners) insert:  At the bottom of the insert, 10 " x 7"; at the top of the insert, 12" x 8 "; 5" tall.--The "26 hour" timer claim is actually a 20-hour maximum "low" setting, which will automatically switch to up to a 6 hour "warm" (or hold) setting before turning off automatically.  Of course you can manually reset the timer to keep things going indefinitely.  If anyone knows of a food that can benefit from such a long braise, I'd love to hear about it!  Maybe a large winter squash or pumpkin?!?--I read a review that claims an aluminum insert is available for this model.  At this time, after an extensive internet search, I have found no such thing.  I did find a cast aluminum insert for the 7 quart model.--If you do end up buying this cooker, here is a hint I've learned after using it for a while:  The ceramic insert is a little small for the outer sleeve, so to get it perfectly centered, after I've put the lid on, I eye-ball the lid handle against the front digital panel to make sure they line up.If you are looking for a slow cooker that looks like the All Clad, but with a brushed stainless look, consider theFrigidaire Professional Slow Cooker.  It is well-made, with the same basic features (dial not digital, though), at a nice price.  There is also a programmable model:Frigidaire Professional 7-Quart Programmable Slow Cooker.If you are wondering about my experience level with slow cookers:  I use a round Crock Pot for my soups, a Breville with a cast aluminum insert for my meat dishes, a Corning Ware model for buffet serving, and I recently acquired the Frigidaire I mentioned above.
I inspected this pretty thoroughly upon receipt as there's obviously been some quality control issues in the past for some who've bought this. The ceramic insert seems to be fine so far. I've used it twice and found no flaws or cracks as of yet. It seems thinner than other liners I've had had in previous round crock pots and the one I've temporarily retired while I use this one. I'll likely be more careful with this as it's thinner. I'm also likely to be much more cautious of putting something frozen in this on its own-probably not a good idea anyway-but something I've done in the past on older, less expensive models with no consequence. Sudden temp change could crack it I guess. The glass lid seems to rest properly on the insert after 2 uses and 2 trips through the dishwasher(just the lid, not the insert). The insert itself cleans up nicely and easily. It's a very nice looking unit on the whole. I must admit I prefer the older dial format as opposed to the buttons and timer approach. These days I just don't expect something with more electronics to last as long as the older, simpler, devices.I haven't made anything extravagant yet and the controls are easy to use and truthfully more helpful than the old fashioned dial. Again, I'm merely concerned about longevity with a product that costs this much. It is noticeably light for its size and of course the cord could always be longer-though to be fair it's not ridiculously short like some newer appliances.So it costs more than I would spend on a crock pot and so far it cooks nicely as you would hope. Aside from the larger capacity there's nothing compelling that would suggest that you run out and spend this much for a crock pot though.
This All-Clad slow cooker screams &#34;top of the line&#34; and is handsome enough to leave out on your counter all the time.  The stainless steel on the outside is every bit as nice as what you'd expect from other All-Clad cookware.  The handles are a perfect match for other All-Clad cookware.The timer functionality is a nice addition and gives you a lot of flexibility when slow cooking.  We made a chicken recipe and the All-Clad capably cooked on high for 10 hours before stepping down to its warming mode until we got home from work.  Our old slow cooker doesn't have a timer and the recipe would have been dried out and over-cooked by the time we were able to eat.I love that this slow cooker doesn't lose its setting during a brief power outage.  Even a 20-30 second power outage will not cause the All-Clad to reset.  This is great if you live in an area with occasional brown-outs because you won't have to worry about your recipe being ruined by the cooker losing its timer.Programming the All-Clad is a breeze.  Directions are included but I didn't need them to figure out how to use it.  The backlit timer is easy to see in any lighting.One complaint is that the lid does not fit snugly onto the ceramic insert.  I know the lid is perfectly formed because it rests smoothly on my flat countertop; it is the ceramic insert that is a bit crooked.  The ill-fitting lid doesn't seem to hamper cooking performance but it does let more steam escape than I had hoped for.  For that reason, I took away one star.  If the lid had fit perfectly, this would be a 5-star slow cooker.This slow cooker is not great for portability because there is no way to fasten the lid to the insert for safe transport.So far the All-Clad has performed well and its quality looks ace the &#34;wow factor&#34; test.  It would make a great wedding gift for someone that is trying to put together a top shelf kitchen.  If the loose lid ever causes problems with our recipes, I'll be sure to update the review.
I've read all the negative reviews for this item, but for us, the first few times we've been using it, we have had no problems.That said, I don't quite know what makes this worth so much more than similar products, other than it has the All Clad name and looks very nice.  Seriously, it looks very nice: this would be a great wedding or housewarming gift.It doesn't have any clips on top to hold the cover on, which seems odd to my wife, but she thinks might be a positive since it allows her to stir everything while cooking (even though she believes that she isn't supposed to).  Also, the handles are stainless and get HOT.
Having owned All-Clad products in the past, I had high expectations for the All-Clad 99009 Polished Stainless Steel 6.5-Quart Slow Cooker.  For the most part, it lived up to expectations delivering great performance and a good looks that take the top spot over other slow cookers.The polished stainless steel slow cooker is something that you don't mind keeping on your countertop.  It looks great and the stainless steel matches wonderfully if you have similar products in your kitchen.  I use a slow cooker 2-3 times a month and prefer to have it easily accessible.  The exterior is well made for the most part, but some areas felt cheap compared to other All-Clad products.  The lid handle also tends to get hot, but I have found this to be the case on most slow cookers.It has been performing flawlessly.  There is even cooking on all modes and the timer has been working great.  The handles on the side are a nice touch as my other cooker didn't have those.  It helps if you need to move the cooker while it has hot items in it.  Overall, I like the design and performance and look forward to it sticking around the kitchen for the foreseeable future.
As I'm getting ready to post my review I was surprised to see so many negative 1-star reviews. This is the first All-Clad product I have ever owned, but I've always associated their name with 'quality' products anytime I hear/read it.  I've used this slow cooker 5 times over the past few weeks and have not had any problems at all and found it to be very satisfactory in performance and does exactly what it's supposed to do.I like the look of the slow cooker - it's sleek and shiny and the black ceramic insert will not show stains over time.  I really like having the handles on both the insert and on the outer stainless steel pot, it makes it easier to pick up and move which is something you'll want with a slow cooker this big.  Keep in mind that if you usually only cook for 1 or 2 people than you probably don't want to purchase a slow cooker this big unless you want a LOT of left-overs.The digital programmer is super easy to use - I was able to set it the first time without even consulting the manual.  The manual is pretty basic and easy to follow and does include some recipes.  So far I have made over-night oatmeal, chunky chicken chili, beef stew, pot roast and hot chocolate in this and they have all turned out fantastic.  When it comes to cooking in a slow cooker you have to keep in mind that it's not an exact science (just like cooking on the stove-top or in the oven), there are a lot of variables that come into play such as cut/quality of meat and amounts of the ingredients you are using, so sometimes you need to tweak your recipe a bit or adjust cooking time or temp to get things to come out just right.Overall I'm quite happy with this All-Clad slow cooker although it does not perform exceptionally different or better than my much cheaper Crock-Prot slow cooker that I purchased at Walmart.  Given that the price seems excessive I can say that this slow cooker works good, but you can probably find something just as good for much cheaper if you shop around.
This is a very impressive looking slow cooker - it gets the job done, but first and foremost, it's a great looking slow cooker. It's bright and shiny, the details are impressive, it will look great sitting out on your counter or if you take it somewhere. If your kitchen is heavy on the stainless steel appliances/decor and you like things to match up, this is the one for you.It does a nice job of cooking, don't get me wrong. The Guinness beef stew turned out perfect, and it's not too difficult to figure out how to program the settings without looking at the instructions. I was a bit disappointed in when I saw 'programmable' in the description that it didn't mean this was one of the slow cookers that you could program to start cooking at a set time (and considering the price of this slow cooker, I am a bit taken back by that lack of feature). But you can set it to cook between high and low, and it will keep warm for up to six hours.I don't know if it's the design (stainless steel) or not, but this DOES get very warm on the outside - I noticed it right away when I just played with the settings for a minute or two. You will want to keep this away from curious hands while it's cooking. And the metal handles are a pretty touch, but no rubber or silicone wrap around them means they're not as easy to grip or finger-friendly as some other slow cookers out there.So over all, it does cook well (at least initially), it looks great (especially if you want something that can sit out on the counter), but you're definitely paying for that stainless steel exterior and All-Clad name. Something to consider when shopping for a slow-cooker (certainly if you're looking for one with all the features and while on a budget).
I have 4 crockpots now, and although this is the nicest one in quality (and the biggest), I have to say I do find it a little annoying.First of all, the &#34;low&#34; setting is a little too hot, in my opinion.  But I think that's common with most of the bigger slow cookers.Secondly, why is there a maximum of 5 hours on the &#34;high&#34; setting?!  I think that's crazy.  You can set the &#34;low&#34; for much longer, up to 21 hours, I believe.  But just 5 hours for high.  Makes no sense to me.And the warm setting is a &#34;count up&#34; -- so you can't set it to &#34;warm&#34; for 12 hours, for example.  I'm guessing this is a food safety issue...but honestly, I prefer the just set it and go kind of crock pot with a dial over this programmable thing...I just find it has far too many restrictions.  Oh, and you can only go from high to low, not from low to high...which also seems nuts.  I frequently make recipes where I want them to cook on warm for a long time and then get really hot towards the end, prior to serving...but that's not an option with the programming on this.  I'm pretty sure that's true for all programmable slow cookers...but I just find it annoying.I actually would recommend just getting a manual model, and you won't make the unhappy discovery that your slow cooker turned off after 5 hours on warm...!  There's more freedom with a manual knob-style cooker, in my opinion.
My unit has no problems, as related by other reviewers. I found it cooked food perfectly, and the removable crock interior was easy to clean. I also appreciate the digital temperature settings and the flexibility the settings allow. It is also a beautiful unit, so if that is important to you, the way your cooker shines, than this is the one for you. Otherwise, as far as performance, it works just like my older model, which was about one-fifth the price of this one. So, if you must have the best as far as name brands, then, by all means, this is the slow cooker for you. However, if you are cost-conscious and on a budget, then I suggest you shop around for one that will perform for you at a much more reasonable price. No complaints with this cooker, though, and it would definitely make an impressive gift.
I was a bit reluctant to try this All-Clad slow cooker after reading some of the horror stories posted here; however, most of those reviews seem to be clustered around 2007-2011. Judging by my experience, a) I got lucky and received a rare non-defective unit, or b) All-Clad has addressed some of the issues with this model by the time I received this unit (late 2013).First the good: This slow cooker has some awesome features that should be universally adopted by slow cookers everywhere.1) The programmable timer is very flexible and after the cook time has elapsed, the unit automatically switches to &#8220;warm.&#8221; This is genius. Every slow cooker should automatically switch over to warm mode, and you shouldn&#8217;t have to spend $180 on an All-Clad unit to get a feature like that. It&#8217;s so obvious.2) The unit is very well constructed. It&#8217;s quite heavy, and most of the weight comes from the massive ceramic insert. People have had some trouble with the ceramic insert cracking, but it&#8217;s held up fine for me. I have to wonder if some of this is due to improper cleaning or to subjecting it to a drastic temperature change. I&#8217;m sure that there were some defective units out there, but it&#8217;s always possible that some people also accidentally damaged the unit through improper handling.3) The unit looks beautiful. I&#8217;m not sure if that counts for much, but I&#8217;m guessing if you&#8217;re looking at this incredibly expensive slow cooker that offers few discernible benefits over units costing half as much, you&#8217;re probably a hardcore All-Clad collector and your reasons for selecting it extend beyond mere functionality. Yes, it is a great looking slow cooker. Your friends will be impressed.4) Finally, the cooking: A slow cooker&#8217;s job is incredibly simple, so I&#8217;m not sure how this is any better or worse than any other slow cooker. At this point, I&#8217;ve made most of my normal slow cooker meals and they turned out as expected. No better, no worse.Now the bad:1) The unit is really expensive. It&#8217;s far more expensive than a number of slow cookers with a similar capacity, and I can&#8217;t understand why. Perhaps I&#8217;m being overly cynical, but when you consider that this unit is manufactured in China, it really seems like All-Clad is cashing in on a brand name that used to mean something. There is a substantive difference between quality triple-bonded cookware and a very heavy, but otherwise unexceptional China-made slow cooker.2) The entire unit gets quite hot while it&#8217;s running. The side handles stay cool, but the metal handle on the lid is too hot to touch, even when the unit is on low.3) This comes with a one year warranty. All-Clad gear typically has a lifetime warranty, but their electronics are all limited to one year. I suppose it&#8217;s better than 90 days, but really, that should tell you that this is a very different sort of All-Clad product. If they can&#8217;t back up their incredibly expensive slow cooker for more than one year, I think that says something.Overall, I am very pleased with the All-Clad&#8217;s performance. It cooks food well, it&#8217;s durable, and the programmable timer is really nice, especially if you want to leave things cooking while you&#8217;re at work, but you don&#8217;t want to risk overcooking if you can&#8217;t make it home right away. I think All-Clad is exploiting their loyal customers who associate the brand with high-quality, lifetime guaranteed cookware, but it&#8217;s still a good unit. If you&#8217;ve got too much money laying around, give this a shot. Or save it and buy a cheaper and equally good unit.
I love this slow cooker.  It size makes it easy to make meals for a family of 4 and still have left overs.It is a beautiful appliance.  It is super easy to clean.I love the timer and the keep warm feature.I docked it one star only because there are several reports that the insert doesn't last very long.  The warranty is only 1 year.  So if it breaks after that year, you have to replace the insert at a large expense.  While most all clad products are made in USA, this one is made in CHINA.
This Oxo box grater has coarse, medium, and fine sides for grating things into little bits, plus a side for grating fine slices.  My husband and I grate massive amounts of cheese for various dishes. The grater does not disappoint for cheeses of hardness varying from mozzarella to parmesan.  It's sharp and sturdy.  The little container that doubles as a measuring cup is not useful for us, because it only goes up to one cup and we are usually grating more cheese than that. In any case, the volume of air that gets included in cheese as you grate is so variable that weighing is a more reliable measurement method.  However, the container is optional and easy to put on and off the grater. The slice side produces nice thin slices of cucumber, but it is too narrow for a large potato.  We have never had a problem storing our wider, old, now-blunt, about-to-be-replaced box grater in a kitchen drawer, so the narrowness of this grater is not an advantage for us.  We just use a big drawer.  BTW, there's no way you can hand grate nutmeg with this grater, or anything but a mouli grater, without grating your fingers.
This is the nicest grater I've ever used and over the years I've used at least 10-12. It has an ergonomic handle unlike the sharp steel handle some have that cuts into your hand. It is also sturdy enough to grate hard cheese or boiled potatoes. The grating surfaces don't snag like in some bad graters so it's easier not to grate your fingers. I have a smaller grater for cheeses so I use this one mainly for vegetables like carrots and potatoes and it stands up well to them. The cup underneath is not too useful for me as I usually grate larger quantities but it can be useful for some.I love the not slip feet as the one problem with box graters is that they slide too much if you angle them even slightly. I took away a star as the slicer isn't all that useful, it's too small to slice anything except really small vegetables, but that's ok. I do like the fact it can be stored in a kitchen drawer laying down on it's side as that makes it more convenient to grab.
We recently needed to replace our box grater, and this looked like a good fit. We trust the OXO brand, and this grater lives up to the standards the company has set in other products!The construction is solid. Because it is full metal, there is small likelihood of breakage. The various grating sizes are good and grate well.The cup is of solid construction as well, and it stays fastened to the end of grater nicely.I only have two complaints:1) There is no storage cover for this grater. I miss that, as my old one had a nice, durable, plastic sleeve that slid on and off the grater.2) The lid for the cup does not snap onto the bottom of the cup. This makes storage a little tricky, as we have to slide the lid into the grater for storage if the cup is attached. We could store the cup separately, but it is just easier in our kitchen setup to store them together.All in all, I'm satisfied. This appears to be a nice grater with good durability. Of course, only time will tell...
Purchased this four years ago and it has seen a lot of use.  It wasn't until a few months ago that a chip appeared in the plastic catch container.  No signs of rust have appeared from it's many washings, and about the only thing I can complain about it the size of the catch container - I really wish it were bigger.
I compared this to my 'Microplane' on which I spent $35 at the time. The Oxo one is $18.  The Microplane one I have is about 1 cm bigger than the Oxo, so it doesn't fit comfortably in a drawer. However, the Oxo is thinner, but without a cover, I would not feel comfortable putting it in a drawer.The Microplane one comes with a cover. The slicer blade is about 1/4 inch smaller than the Microplane, but it was still perfect for slicing carrots. The design of the handle on the Microplane one allowed for higher ergonomic stability, whereas the Oxo one either allowed you to use the front, or side, but I felt it made my body a bit twisted. The Oxo aslo has a storage container attached on the bottom, where cheese and other things are caught while grating. This can be detached, and put in the fridge, as it has a lid. But this also means it is about 2 inches higher than the Microplane one, for instance, so that your arm is a little higher up, if you decide to use the grater with the storage piece. But this is a minimal concern, because if you were grating carrots or potatoes for example, you wouldn't be using the storage part anyway.  The bottom part of the grater is rubberized around the edge, so that it provided additional traction on a cutting board or plate, which could minimize the danger of cutting your fingers while grating. Overall, for the price point, the blades are sharp, the handle is overall comfortable, for casual use, and it's very sturdy. Unlike a cheaper box grater that is very wobbly, and you fear for your knuckles and fingers, the Oxo is extremely sturdy (it does not give when twisted). So for someone who just bought a new home, or apt I would consider this a very handy gift-definitely recommended!
As far as box graters go, this one is pretty decent. The rubberized handle and base allow for comfort and stability, and the catch cup works well enough, although I just grate into a big bowl or a cutting board. I think the cup is also designed to fit into the grater upside down for storage, but the rubberized rim makes it difficult to push the cup into the grater.The body does feel slightly flimsy for an OXO product (I've come to expect higher quality from them), but I think this grater should still last for a long time. I haven't notice any discoloration/rusting in the month I've used it.
This is probably the best upright grater I've ever had.I have had a couple other kinds, a sticker grater from Ikea and a bowl style grater.I don't really like the measuring cup at the bottom, it makes it feel top-heavy, and it usually ends up being something extra to wash.  Its a nice touch, but it doesn't really work for me.
For a change of pace, let me begin my review of the OXO Good Grips Box Grater with the negatives.It is rather larger and might be difficult to store. Cleaning can be challenging depending on what you are grating. The clear catch-cup at the bottom doesn't fit snugly and cheese grating don't always fall into it proper.That's it. Otherwise, this is a wonderful, ergonomic grater. I like it better than rotary models. It shreds up cheese, spices and veggies efficiently. The large size makes it easier to handle. It's stainless steel construction hopefully indicates that it will last a long time and so far that holds true. It certainly is more sturdy than theMicroplane 34006 4-Sided Box Grater. While the cup at the bottom doesn't always catch everything, it is handy to have it and the measurements it provides. The storage feature is nice too, and you can always just grate straight onto or into whatever dish you are preparing. This OXO is solidly built and not TOO big for most uses or storage. And personally, I've had no issues cleaning it. A rinse under the kitchen sink usually suffices, but it gets even cleaner in a dishwasher.My wife and I love to cook, and the OXO Good Grips Box Grater makes it easier, more efficient, and even fun. I highly recommend this as a kitchen essential to all chefs. Another "grate" OXO product!~ Kort
This is great!  It's easy to use. The handle is comfortable and easy to grip.  Love that the cheese just goes straight into the cup.  The cup comes with a lid to store the shredded cheese. Nice little bonus.
This is a really nice grater.  Sharp, and does the job.  I love the fact that you can grate right into the measuring cup, however, after one time through the dishwasher the lid for the measuring cup is cracked.  Not sure now long it will last, but that's minor.
Anything made by OXO gets a leg up automatically by me. Their products are some of the best on the market. My kitchen has many of their products. I use a box grater frequently. I have other machines that will slice and grate, but I have to find the blade, decide which one I want,and then put it together. A lot of work for what I need.The OXO box grater came well packaged. It is attractive with black handles and bright stainless steel body. When I found this grater I did not realize there was a plastic container that fits in the grater. Once you start grating, your product grates into this plastic container. No more looking for a dish or bowl in which to place the grater to collect the grates. Love this!It is two days before Thanksgiving, and I am trying to get my part of the meal started. I am making 'Apple, Cranberry, Cheddar Muffins' and needed to grate cheese. I am making a double batch, 24 muffins, for a large family gathering. Grating cheddar cheese has always been a chore. I try to get the cheese as cold as possible, but the cheese continues to fall apart in big chunks instead of grated into little pieces. However, this grater is perfection, the grater itself is sharp enough that the cheese immediately grates, and no large chunks to be found.  That, my friend, is reason enough to like this grater. However, the container is so convenient to collect the cheese grates. I had to grate two large blocks of cheddar cheese, and this grater made my life so much easier.  By, the way, the muffins are delicious!The grater is easy to clean. You can wash by hand or place in the top level of the dishwasher.Recommended. prisrob 11-26-13
For many years, I used a box grater from a dollar store with a hard plastic handle. This one is $18 and it's important to look at teh value of a much more expensive grater as compared to the most basic of models. Here are the ways in which this was better than my old, cheap grater:1. The size is much bigger. While this may seem to not be a good point because it requires more storage space, a smaller grater means you have to make a lot more passes to grate a lot of a food. This cuts the number of passes with a block of cheese or a carrot in half due to the larger size.2. The rubber handle is much easier to hold. This is the obvious benefit of the OXO "good grips" line. The handle is more comfortable and a good size for holding. It also seems to be better attached than my old grater (which had glue slathered all over it).3. The attached recepticle. Usually, one has to grate over a plate and then scoop up the food. This catches most of it.The down side:The attached recepticle. This is an imperfect means of catching food. Some things still fall outside the recepticle. Also, though the plastic container has a rubber base to help it remain stable, the fact that it is narrower at the bottom while some small amount of force is exerted on the top increases the chances that it'll topple. You have to be cautious. Also, the recepticle has a lid that is extremely flimsy (similar to that on disposable margarine tubs or other food containers) and it is not the highest quality hard plastic. I fully expect it to crack sooner rather than later. It's a clever idea and it was designed to fit inside the grater for more compact storage, but ultimately its usefulness is debatable when you couple the flimsiness and instability with the fact that not all of the food goes into the container.All in all, this is a very good box grater, but the price point makes it harder to see as a great value. Certainly, it is far superior to my old dollar store model, and I think that if you want a quality item for this basic tool, it is a better choice, but you'd have to weigh that against the much higher price.
The pros on this grater:1. Sturdy square shape with straight sides is ideal for grating cheese.2. Well-made and easy to clean. The rubber gasket around the bottom of the grater can be removed for cleaning if food gets down  in there.3. Love the measuring cup that attaches to the bottom. Makes measuring cheese, especially finer cheese like parmesan, easy and has a snap on lid for easy storage of leftovers.4. The straight sides allow it to lie neatly inside of a standard 6&#34; drawer, which saves me cupboard space.5. Does a great job with cheese and carrots, which is what I mostly use it for.Now for the CONS:1. The slicer on the side, which is supposedly for things like cucumber and zucchini, turned my cucumber into thin watery shreds. I tried it once and won't be using it for that again, which leaves that side of the grater obsolete. A mandolin or a good old fashioned knife are far superior for slicing.2. Honestly not really sure what the smaller-holed sides are good for. I did grate some nutmeg and some ginger on the smaller side, and while it got the job done I felt a lot of it was wasted on the inside of the grater. I still prefer a microplane grater for these tasks.If you're looking for a nice functional box grater, this will definitely get the job done and my favorite features is that it fits in a drawer.
I've had a few box graters over the years, and this one is the best one I've used. It's a lot sharper than I'd anticipated, based on the others I've had, and the handle is by far the best I've ever used (I guess there's a good reason they use the phrase &#34;Good Grips&#34; on their products). On the negative side, the storage container is a joke. It's too small to be of much practical use, and it's more of a hindrance than a benefit, in my experience. Also, as with all graters, cleaning can be difficult, depending on what was grated. Some softer cheeses, of course, will smear, and I've shredded a couple sponges because I wasn't extra careful when cleaning--but that's my fault, so I'm not blaming the grater.I question the durability, though, which is why I can't give it a 5-star rating. I don't know how fair that is (deducting a star because of an unknown quality), but on the other hand, if the product were more solid & sturdy, I wouldn't be questioning the durability, so I think that's a fair reason to not consider it a 5-star product..
You will see in most of my reviews that I do for Amazon is that I love gadgets of all kind and I am partial to OXO. I have many of their products.The one most thing I like about this OXO Good Grips Box Grater is that it is more compact. While it still gives you the full use of a box grater it is much thinner that the ones we have come to get used to. It is easier to get in your drawer to keep it out of sight.  The handle allows you to grip it well, that is the best thing about OXO good grips, you never have to worry about the handle it is always comfortable and this one is also.I did some grating and I used the little one cup measuring cup attached to the bottom.  I needed 1 1/2 cups of freshly grated coconut and I got it in no time with this OXO.  This grate is very sharp so handle it with care but you need that to do a good job and a good job will will do with this item.You can use this without the cup on the bottom but of you do and need to store some food it has a lid that you can put on tip to keep the food fresh.Great item thanks again OXO for your  OXO Good Grips Box Grater
I&#8217;ve had a few box graters over the years, and most of them fit a similar mold&#8212;a clunky, hexagonal box, each signed lined with the graters I use and the graters I don&#8217;t.  Seriously, some of those graters are pretty esoteric and I have never figured out a use for them.This &#8220;OXO Good Grips Box Grater&#8221; is a step above those, because it eliminates the odd, useless graters and gives us a four-sided, sturdy box on which to grate. I mainly grate cabbage, potatoes, and cheese on mine, and for that it works just fine. I can&#8217;t really tell any difference between graters in terms of cutting, and the finished product looks much the same.This little extra bits for this grater don&#8217;t add much; the plastic &#8220;lid&#8221; arrived broken (as it often does, judging from other reviews) and so it went into the trash. The little measure cup sacrifices stability for measuring convenience, and is something I will probably never use. I grate far more than a cup when I am making hash browns or okonomiyaki, so a tiny cup I have to keep emptying and refilling doesn&#8217;t really help me.Compactness is where this one wins the day.  My giant grater takes up a lot of space in the drawer for something that only gets pulled out every now and then. This &#8220;OXO Good Grips Box Grater&#8221; is like a grater on a diet, slimmed down and compact.  I would say it takes up half the space of my previous grater.  And for an apartment dweller with limited kitchen space, that&#8217;s a big win.
I picked up this product after having raw zucchini "pasta" at a restaurant.  I loved the idea, but had limited success making it at home with a knife or a peeler (the thickness always seemed off or it took too long) so I decided to invest in this product.  I'm glad I did because it is very easy to use and gives me the results I am look for.I simply wash and peel my veggies as desired and spiral away.  As others have mentioned, you do lose a little of the core (about 3/8") so it works best with thicker veggies like large zucchini, potatoes, apples, etc.  However, it is still definitely edible so you could always chop it up to throw in a stir fry or a salad, you just won't be able to turn the whole food into ribbons.I also appreciate that you can spiral food quite quickly.  I'm usually able to do it in a few minutes, which is MUCH less than when I was attempting to make vegetable pasta with my peeler, I also love how consistent the slices are.Overall this is a great product.  If I had any complaints it would be that its uses are kind of limited, but I expected that going in so it is nothing I would deduct a star for.  I also wish that it came with a cleaning brush as sometimes it can be a little tedious to get small bits of veggies out from between the blades.  I happen to have one that came with my juicer so I use that, but for those who do not a potato cleaning brush would likely work.
In a concerted effort to get my family to eat a little healthier, I got the Paderno Spiral Vegetable Slicer.  It&#8217;s a great way to cut down/eliminate processed carbohydrates like pasta but still get healthy fruit and vegetable carbohydrates.  This vegetable slicer works just as advertised.  The blade are sharp and cut through potatoes and apples very easily.  Slicing carrots is much more difficult.  In fact, I think you have to find monster carrots to get them to cut evenly and to look pretty.The unit attaches easily to a table/counter top using four suction cups.  I had no problems with the unit sliding around or coming loose from the table.  When spiral cutting potatoes, I found the grippers at the end had an easier time holding onto the potato if you slice the end off so it's flat first.  Because the gripper doesn't reach all the way to the blades and because there is a cylindrical coring blade, you are always left with a mushroom shaped core after spiral cutting everything.  I usually slice it up and toss it in with the rest of the &#34;noodles&#34;.The unit is easy to clean and the blades can all be stored within the unit (although not securely).  I do question the durability of the unit as it is plastic and feels a little flimsy, but only time will tell.  For now, recommended for awesome spiral cut oven baked fries!
I have used a number of Bissell products over the years, and like the others, this one has a list of pros and cons.  It seems that Bissell knows how to perfect a powerful vacuum cleaner without giving much consideration to convenience.Pros:--This is a powerful little unit.  Before I knew it, it had even sucked up a baby wipe with no problems.--Attachments didn't fall off while vacuuming (a problem I had with a previous vacuum).--The base is so narrow, it fits in places regular vacuums cannot go.--The cord detaches and winds up quickly and neatly, thus far.--This is a light-weight unit.--Can easily be used on hardwood floors and well as carpet of varying thickness.Cons:--Not much suction from the sides.--The narrow end tool attaches to the hose, so even if you are using the circular tool, the item has to be small enough to fit through narrow part.  Also, while the hose provides flexibility, there is no firmness for hard-to-reach areas.--The power switch is on the base rather than the handle.--The cord is connected to the base, so I'm constantly bending down to keep it out of the way of the vacuum.--The base returned to the upright position when I tried to roll backwards over the carpet.--Depending upon the thickness of my carpet, sometimes I really had to push harder.--The bag-less compartment apparently cannot be filled to capacity, and - just like with other brands and models - I ultimately have to dig out stuff that gets clogged.--I did not notice any sort of Febreeze smell.Overall, while this might not be the best vacuum I have ever owned, it's certainly a powerful and useful unit.  My previous vacuum, a Dyson, lasted five years of regular use before finally giving up.  I am not sure this Bissell will last quite that long, but for now, it's my unit of choice.
I have five dogs and four cats and vacuuming is imperative.  I have yet to find the wonder sucking machine.  This machine does OK but there are some really good things to say about this machine.It's easy to assemble.  No extra tools to use.  While the included manual describes each assembly step, I ended up going to the online version for larger print.  This helped me make sure I had the hoses in properly.It's lightweight.  But all the vacuums I have tried in this caliber have been lightweight and easy to carry.The included tools are nice.Easy to turn on and off.  I like vacuums that can be turned on with a step of the foot.It gets easily around tight corners.  The rotating brush on the bottom does a good job sucking up debris around the vacuum.  This comes in handy in the kitchen.  This works well quickly from carpet to tile floor with little hassle.  The dirt is easy to remove and dump into the regular trash.It's not too loud.  While the sound of this machine still rattles my pets, it doesn't wake up the dead.  My college kid stay-at-home son doesn't wake up startled by the noise.  But this also means this isn't all too powerful.  When I tried this on the couch to vacuum up cathair and crumbs, it still left some residue behind.The 30' cord is long enough for a large room or long hallway.The disadvantage is that this doesn't appear all that powerful.  I'd recommend this for the person without shedding pets and one who vacuums every day.  Ideal for an office setting or one with much better cleaning habits.Bissell has a nice website that offers replacement parts for just about any part of this machine.  A replacement Febreeze filter, for example, sells for $7.50
This vacuum is much smaller then the Dyson that I also have but I do like that it is able to get under my kitchen cupboard and able to get in small spaces. It is very light. Easy to put together. My kids like to use it. The handle is able to be released and used to clean stairs or up high. For the price this would be a perfect vacuum for someone with a smaller house or apartment.
My kids like to keep their own vacuum outside of their room for easy cleaning. This fits the bill perfectly. My main complaint is that if you have a bigger house, you will want to skip this an go with a wide path vacuum perhaps with more power to avoid retracing your steps and covering a larger area. The vacuum was easy to put together (no instructions needed except where to put the filter), and it looks sharp in white and blue. Unlike the hoover competitor, the handle does not fold down. Since it's bagless the only thing you need to replace is the filter so ongoing costs are minimal. At this price, do not expect it to last as long as a Kenmore, Dyson, or Panasonic, but you should be able to get a few good years. This is great for apartment dwellers as well.
This little vac has several pro's and con's so it seemed like a good idea to just cover each independently.The Pro's....Price - let's face it...the price is right. It's hard to rent a machine for the cost of buying this one so if you are searching for affordability, this is a definite pro.Very Lightweight - I like lightweight vac's and I've only had one other than comes near this. The weight is more in keeping with one of those minimalistic sweepers or electric brooms except this has full features and much more functionality. For those who need or want a lightweight vac, this fits the bill.Easy to Clean - I really like the bottom drop canister. Unlike other vac's that open from the top or side, this has a flip bottom for easy disposal of the canister. No need to get hands messy - very nice addition.Double Filters - This vac uses cyclone technology and has double filters including a febreeze filter for air fragrance. It does not have a hepa filter.Stores Easily = All tools store on the machine itself and the small size makes it simply to store in a closet or pantry.Gets the job done - I tested this on tile floors as well as carpet with dog hair. On the carpet it sounded like it was working pretty hard but picked up a surprising amount. Did great on tile floors.Con's...Long cord is NOT retractable. This has an ample cord...30 ft long...but it must be wrapped by hand as it's not automatically retractable.Febreeze Filter - I hate febreeze as it makes me sneeze like crazy. On the other hand, this is probably something most people would like. You do have the choice of installing it or not but frankly, I'd rather see another alternative.Motor sounds a bit strained at times. This has a small footprint, not very wide and on carpet, the motor sounds like it might be straining a bit more than it should. It gets the job done but I'm not sure how long it will last.
For the price, you really can't go wrong with this little vacuum.  Sure it doesn't have the suction of some of the more expensive vacuums, but at this price, it makes a nice light duty vacuum perfect for smaller jobs.  It doesn't look fancy, but everything is very sturdy and well made.  I had a Hoover windtunnel that I paid twice as much for that was made of much cheaper flimsier plastic.  On this Bissell, everything snaps into place firmly, whereas the Hoover windtunnel would fall apart if I just looked at it wrong.  Emptying the canister works as it should - push the slider and the bottom opens up and drops everything out.  Suction on this is about the same as the Hoover windtunnel, I think, but not as strong as my Eureka.  The lower suction on this makes it perfect for vacuuming drapes or other items without pulling them too much.  This is also nice and light that you don't mind dragging it up and down the stairs.  The turbo brush attachment does a surprisingly good job of vacuuming pet hair off of upholstery.  If you just need a vacuum for a small apartment or other light duty, then this one is perfect and I highly recommend it.
One coffee drinker in our household; someone who doesn't like to wake up, start the coffee, then start the day. Said person would rather have coffee ready to go in the morning without any extra effort. For under 20 bucks, this coffee maker does that like a dream. Set it the night before, wake up to delicious coffee smells throughout the house! Yes, it loses time a little bit every week, but for the price, I didn't expect too much. Resetting it is part of the coffee ritual.For the price, I can't find a better little coffee maker. The programmable timer works great, it can brew a small pot, and it gets plenty hot. Works!
I got two of these mini muffin pans for the up-coming holiday season. They are called Basics, but I am very happy with their quality. The nonstick surface is thick and the pans are solid. They actually look like a lot more expensive pans. Putting them in the top rack of the dishwasher works well and does not damage the pans or their surfaces. I recommend these.
I've baked with dozen pans for years and was tired of trying to balance those suckers on my oven racks.I was very please with this pan and the resulting cupcakes I made.I agree with others about the squashing of liners. Some of my liners were simply too big, though. The Wilson liners I used seemed to work fine, but some generic ones were just too big to fit properly.All told, a good muffin/cupcakes pan.
The knife is great quality and super sharp. I just got it delivered. I am familiar with knives as I use to be a butcher. The only issue is that the usable blade length is only 9 1/4&#34;. As you can see from the picture, the handle angles downward. It is 10 1/4&#34; at the bottom but it is 9 1/4&#34; at the top. If I wanted to cut the dome off  the top of a cake that was 10&#34;, the cake would get damaged.  Maybe I shouldn't take off a star for this but this is America and I can do what I want :-)
EASY setup - I think I spent all of 5 minutes to unbox, unwrap, plug in and go. VERY easy/user friendly controls and it nukes really quickly. Fits easily on the kitchen counter, underneath the cabinets with room to spare. I put salt & pepper shakers, a butter dish on top and I am sure more will follow. I am hoping this will last as long as my Kenmore which was going strong 16 years after I bought it, then I moved.
This is a great microwave. I had the predecessor, 1300 watt model for 10 years before it died. This one, except for cosmetics and power, is almost identical. Easy to use, wonderful results. The door locking mechanism is poorly constructed. It is a plastic latch, held in place by a spring. About six months after the warranty expired, the latch broke. I was able to replace the microwave oven, with the exact same model, new, for less than the cost of repairing the old one. That's modern technology for you - cheaper to replace than repair. What a waste.
My mom got this for me as a house warming present. It is one of the largest ones that I have had. It is also fairly light for the size. It works really well, and easy to use. There are multiple selections to choose from while cooking. The buttons are also easy to push, which makes it nice since my 6 year old loves popcorn and it makes it easy for her to do herself. I am very happy with it.
We usually spend between $100 and $200 for a vacuum cleaner. Unfortunately, we're pretty hard on them, and they rarely last longer than two years. We vacuum at least once a week and have carpet, rugs, and hardwood floors. Our last vacuum was a Bissell Velocity that finally gave out.We decided to take a chance on a lower priced vacuum since we go through them so quickly. I'm pleased with the vacuum so far. It does a thorough job of cleaning the floors. It's also lightweight and much easier to maneuver than the Bissell.The Bissell was bagless, and that often resulted in a huge mess when it came time to clean it out. In fact, I usually did it outside because so much dust was created. The new vacuum has a bag, and I was glad that I didn't have to do anything with the dust and debris after vacuuming.The biggest disadvantage I can see is the cord length. We live in a ranch, and the Bissell forced us to replug only twice. This is not the case with new Hoover, and it is something I'm going to have to get used to.Overall, however, I think it was a good purchase--and the price was exceptionally low.
Like several others, I purchased this vacuum after reading all the positive reviews. For the most part, I agree with them. This is a fantastic vacuum cleaner that's a superior value. Unfortunately, the unit I purchased broke down after 20 months. I'm tempted to buy another one since it worked so well for those 20 months and the price is still a relative steal. That said, I will be mindful of the durability. While there's only so much you can expect for less than $70, I was hoping that my product would last at least three years.Bottom line: brilliant when it worked and a tremendous value, but I worry about the durability.
I bought these glasses for cappuccino, and they are well suited. They keep things at the proper temperature, and remain cool to the touch. My family had other ideas and decided that they are good for everyday use, since they keep cold drinks cold.After owning them for three months, they have held up to constant dishwasher cleaning. My three children are not the most careful. I've seen the glasses left in the sink, where dishes are often left haphazardly. None of this means that the glasses must have got banged or tapped against anything, but they don't seem to be as fragile as egg shells. Nevertheless, they do have thin walls and I'd suggest treating them carefully.They are functional and seem well made. The only problem I have is that with all the promotion about European styling of this hand blown glass, they neglect to tell you that they are made in China. That does not automatically mean that everything in recent media reports applies to these, but I'd be more comfortable with European products that are actually from Europe.
This cordless vac has impressive suction and a nice design. It has a crevice tool that is mounted on its body; nice because you are never going to lose it. Basically you flip it up, level it with the nozzle and insert it  slightly. It is secure  and won't release until you pull it out slightly to release it and snap it back in place. There is a squeegee/wet tool that attaches to the base of the charger. Easy operation again. Insert to use and release when you are through. I like the design a lot. There is no reason to misplace tools because everything is self-contained. The only thing that I find moderately irksome regarding the tool features is a built in brush located at the mouth of the vac. It is somewhat difficult to eject and really hard to insert back into its reservoir.I charged the vacuum as soon as I received it. A few hours later when I was cleaning, I used it to clean around the baseboards in my kitchen and family room. It did a great job. I spilled some cereal on the kitchen counter and the kitchen mat; everything was picked up quickly and thoroughly. I moved out to the garage and vacuumed my husband's car. Again, it did a really good job. This vacuum has very good suction and I had yet to exhaust the battery.As for picking up wet messes, I poured some water on the counter and it sucked it all up.The dirt cup has a larger capacity than most hand vacs that I've owned. It snaps out with minimal effort. After I emptied it, I used my Dyson's hand tool to clean the filter. It's a good way to prolong the filter's life.The charger is wall mountable and screws are included with the vac.This is a nice vac that performs well. I've owned quite a few Dirt Devil products over the years. They are relatively inexpensive and are a good value based on performance and longevity. This vac is no exception.
This is a nice little cordless handheld vacuum that gets the job done. The unit is not too heavy or bulky and works as you'd expect:  it sucks up whatever its pointed at.  It does a surprisingly good job with both wet and dry - for a small unit, my expectations may have been set a bit lower. I tend to pick this for small spills and messes rather than taking out the larger vacuum. It has a relatively easy to clean the canister (even when vacuuming up dry and wet together) and I have used it many times and the filter is still in good condition. I keep the vacuum on the base when not in use and have not had any issues with the unit not having enough juice when I needed it.It's definitely for smaller messes, though.  The the nozzles are pretty small and takes a bit longer compared to the large vacuums detachable hose for cleanup (rice for example).  And this certainly is not a silent vacuum, if one exists.  In fact, this one is barely muffled at all.  The noise it makes it pretty loud, likely more so because when using it, it's closer to the ears than with standard vacuums.Overall it works very well for small messes, it is convenient, has a good battery life and is easy to clean. If you need a handheld vacuum for small cleanups (wet or dry!) then I recommend this one!
I have owned a couple of Dirt Devil Cordless Hand Vacs over the years.  We primarily use ours for quickly cleaning up small messes in the car.  We spend a lot of time in the car shuffling the kids from one practice/game/activity to the next.  Many times we are eating meals or snacks on our way from point A to point B.  This little vacuum is perfect for picking up crumbs quickly.  While I'm parked, waiting in the car, I can pull the Dirt Devil out and vacuum up all the crumbs.  I just have to remember to empty out the cannister and also take it inside every few days to allow it to charge over night.  This is definitely a cleaner for small messes since handheld vacuums don't have near the suction power of larger vacuums.
This small hand-held vacuum is good for small kitchen pick-ups (including liquids) or for the automobile. It has a sturdy design, comfortable to hold and the battery holds the charge well. The opening is not very large and I noticed that two or three passes were sometimes needed. It works fairly well with vacuuming liquids. A wall mount is good for storing the device. It is a bit noisy.
I've had this cutting board for almost a year. I also purchased a larger version of this board for big jobs. Having two boards is a plus because it eliminates the need to clean and sanitize the board most of the time mid-job.Made of plastic and slightly elevated at each corner on little legs, this is exactly what I needed. Unlike wood carving/chopping blocks, this board is easy to clean and sanitize. I place it in the dishwasher, put in a detergent pod, turn the dishwasher on, and it comes out clean, clean, clean. I've never worried about it getting contaminated or not being adequately clean. The surface is non-porous. It is kind to my cutting knives and is thinner and far more compact than the wood boards which can warp. Unlike glass cutting boards, specifically Corning cutting boards, this is easier to store and less prone to breakage.While I have noticed a little surface scratching, I have not had a problem with staining. I suspect that may have something to do with my preferred cleaning method.This board still does not show any signs of warping and is stable on my slightly textured countertop.Given the reasonable price of this board, I'll be happy if I can squeeze 2-3 years usage out of this board. I would definitely purchase this again.
When I work with a cutting board, I need for it to stay put, so that my knife doesn't cut my finger. The rubber edges on this cutting board make it possible to keep the thing in place without using a rubber shelf liner to keep it staying put. One annoyance that I have is that the edges are bevelled and thinner than the rest of the board. This means that the actual rubber "feet" that stay in contact with your countertop are thin. It's irritating, because it doesn't provide as firm as grip as it could, if the rubber bits were thicker. If the edges were the same thickness as the board itself, the entire rubber edge would provide the grip. Because it's these little feet, the grip isn't solid enough.
I think this is a great cutting board.  It is a thick jelly board that is perfect for slicing meat and fish.  It is not grainy like my farberware.  I am very pleased to own this cutting board.  It is small though so this is not good as one's only board.  I really like the feel of this  cutting board in my hand. I'm using this on a regular basis.
It does what it's supposed to.  The rubber edges have little non-slip feet, which is a definite improvement over our last cutting board, which slid around if you weren't careful.  We have had this one for a couple of months and have run it thru the dish washer numerous times and it has held up well.It has a channel around the sides on only 1 side of the board to keep juices from running off onto the counter top.  This comes in handy when cutting a juicy piece of meat or a melon, etc.I don't know if this is a good deal from a price perspective, but I think it is a step up from a plain square plastic cutting board.
Update 12/24/12: There were a handful of times I thought my Keurig was going to bite the dust. Most times, it just needed a de-scaling. A few times, I had to unclog the nozzle. And just last week I found algae growing on the inside of the tank (it sits by a window that lets in sunlight). LOL I'm happy my unit is still functioning, esp since there are almost no options if it breaks. It is slightly annoying to see Keurig come out with another k-cup machine that takes DIFFERENT k-cups. WHY?!I first experienced a Keurig when my co-worker bought one for the office and let us share in the K-cup love. I was immediately smitten! I bought one for home not long after. I had previously been using a Mr. Coffee 4-cup machine (or 2 regular "American" cups) which I was quite happy with. With the Mr. Coffee machine, it took me quite awhile to figure out the water/coffee ratio for my one big coffee cup. My coffee mug that I drank from was about 12-14 oz. so getting used to the 10 oz. cup from my Keurig took me a little while.The Keurig is really easy to use. Some models are louder than others; our one at work shakes the desk it sits on. Mine at home is pretty quiet. That, or I've just gotten used to it. The water reservoir is nice since I only have to fill it up about once a week. No filters to dispose of either - just the little plastic cup. I am kinda bummed that no part of the K-cups are recyclable - hopefully Keurig will address this in the future.I drink one K-cup every day. As of this review, K-cups are running about .55 to .65 cents each, depending on where purchased. That's pretty cheap, but if you drink more than one cup a day, that's going to add up. Coffee prices have gone up recently, but still, a cup of coffee for under a dollar is decent. I am the only coffee drinker in my house which is why a one-cup-at-a-time coffee machine really works well for me.You really do need to descale (the vinegar cleanout) this machine on a regular basis. I can tell when mine needs to be cleaned since it seems to struggle a lot to get the coffee out, especially at the end. The descaling process is pretty easy, just time consuming. However, I really think some people's machines might not have lasted as long due to lack of cleaning the unit properly and on a regular basis. That being said, our work Keurig crapped out in about six months, but we received a free replacement (and we use RO water here).Pros:* Quick! Makes a cup of coffee in under a minute* Cleanup is easy - no messy filters or grounds* Price of a cup of coffee is decent (.55 cents)* Water reservoir is nice - only have to fill up once a week* Coffee is DELICIOUS and variety of K-cups available is very diverseCons:* No part of the K-cups are recyclable. That's not necessarily Keurigs fault though* Descaling is a necessary pain
I got this for Christmas because I make tea almost every night. I now make teas and white hot chocolates too. Its a little loud when its priming and does go thru water quickly. I use the Brita pitcher for the water so I get the best filtered water. Its not overly large so it fits on the counter well.Its easy to clean although removing the K-Cup dispenser is a little tricky. My only complaint is that I don't think it heats the water hot enough. It makes it ready to drink but if you put milk in your coffee it becomes cold and then have to microwave it. Maybe mine is defective?
I'm a coffee nut, and though I prefer grinding my own beans and using my Capresso 10 cup, sometimes a single cup is all you need.  And in that respect, this unit works beautifully.  It is simple to use, quick to make coffee and clean up is a snap.Basically you life the lid, add the pod or K-Cup, close and press brew.  Water is stored in a reservoir that is enough to make about 12 cups of coffee.  When you brew the water is extracted, heated and pressed thorough the k-cup and into your waiting drinking vessel.I primarily use this in my office, as making one cup of fresh coffee at a time is preferrable to making a pot that may sit there for hours and grow stale.  There are also teas and chocolates available. Try getting your regular coffee pot to make hot chocolate.The negative of this is that it is relatively difficult to get coffee. Places like Wal-Mart or your local food store usually won't carry the k-cups. Instead you will have to go to the store where you purchased it. Of course Amazon.com carries a wide assortment of k-cups.Also the cups are pretty pricey when compared to ground or even whole bean. About .60 or so a cup.But for the convenience of one cup at a time, this is one of the better pod units out there.  It delivers a steaming hot cup of coffee  (or tea or chocolate), quickly and efficiently and without mess.
With perspective in place, this Keurig single-cup brewer earns it weight.Consider quickly what this is: a small office or home single-cup coffee maker. Consider then what it is not: a replacement for a state-of-the-art espresso maker.I use, thanks to my employer's choice, K-cups from Caribou Coffee, a coffeehouse chain. The brewer pierces a hole on the top and bottom, and pushes hot water through. It is much like any drip coffee maker. K-cups can be purchased through other coffee vendors, and reusable K-cups are available as well.With the K-cups, each cup is exactly the same. The flavor becomes predictable, but that is resolved easily with a trip to an offsite shop for a cappuccino.Per cup, this is expensive. The quality is fine, as is convenience. If you want to save a buck, buy a coffee press. If speed is your game, start here.--Brockeim
I got the B60 from a competitor of Amazon, but I'm here to buy all my K cups!What can I say? This machine has changed my life. Not only does it make great coffee using the K cups (we like really rich coffee and so get the dark roasts and extra bolds), I'm more likely to make herb teas with it during the day and I use it for dispensing hot water all the time for reconstituting foods I've dehydrated.Yeah, it makes a noise when it's priming, but not for long and not louder than our rather quiet dishwasher, for sure. Would it have been worth spending an extra hundred bucks for the quieter B70? I don't think so...but that's me.The herb teas? I've got a My K Cup that I pop in after we're done with the morning coffee and DH's off for work. I leave it in all day, sans filter, and just tuck in a tea bag or two to brew tea. It works just fine for my tastes. At night, before I go to bed, I refill the B60's water reservoir and pop out the My K Cup and put the K Cup holder back in. Then my DH can stagger in and make coffee without having to wake me up! BLISS!Did I mention you can make a cup of coffee or tea with one hand? When I'm talking to my sister in one of our marathon weekend catch-up conversations, I can make tea or coffee or whatever without having to say "Hang on a minute...I have to lay the phone down."Priceless....
Adding my review to the mix. Clearly from the reviews this unit is considered outstanding and I was really blown away by it. It was my first single cup coffee machine and I reviewed them all thoroughly. It was between the Senseo and the B60 - frankly to me the B60 struck me as a better made, workhorse coffee machine which is what I wanted. At this price, I want a machine that will last. Why did I go for a single cup machine? I am the only coffee drinker is my large household. During the week its always too rushed to make coffee before I leave for work with kids in tow to school. So I either stopped at Starbucks and spent $5 which also took 15 mins or I got fast food coffee (yuck) which still cost $2.On the weekends, I would use my black & decker 4 cup coffee maker but frankly, the quality was inconsistent. It was prolly me more than anything else really. For some reason I could never really make a "great" cup of coffee even tho I bought good coffee. Maybe it was the machine, or the filters, etc. I was looking at buying a "better" coffee machine & the regular ones start at about $45 so i thought $129 wasn't a huge stretch since I love coffee.Enter Keurig B60 Special Edition :Pros:Set up was amazingly simply. Instructions not needed but the quick start useful.Your first cup of coffee in minutes of setting it up.Big reservoir of water, makes about 5 cups at the 9.25 size. Enough for me for the weekend.Comes with 18 mixed coffee kcups!! I didn't expect that!This is a beautiful, well built unit. Very solid. Buts it bigger than you might think, so give it room.Coffee tastes great, very consistent quality. Temperature is perfect at the hottest setting.You can program the auto on & off time, no need to program when to make the coffee, its takes just a minute.Insane variety of kcups out there. I need to find a place that sells variety packs.Cons:I wish it made a bigger cup of coffee. It makes 5.25, 7.25, and 9.25oz sizes but you might want to measure this out first in a simple measure cup. 5.25 is really small, like a few mouthfuls. It takes me two 9.25 to fill my average size travel mug in the morning. But it is what it is. The up side is the coffee taste exceptional.It spoils you on all other coffee! Now I am thinking of getting the mini Keurig for my office!Notes:My kids are eager to want to make coffee but I really don't want them drinking it at their age. To counter this, I bought a few boxes of Tea (english breakfast and earl grey) so they can use the machine but not actually make coffee.Also, avoid the hot chocolate kcups, awful. All the coffee and tea kcups are leaf & bean brews, the choco is a powder mix and its terrible. Not really a mark against the machine, just FYI really. Most of the powder stays in the cup, bleh.I feel a little guilty throwing away 1-3 plastic kcups a day in the trash.  Could they be recycled if I cleaned them out first I wonder?If you forget set the auto on then you have to wait in the morning for it to "heat up" the water. Takes about 2 minutes. Still, this is a piddling issue. So it takes 4 minutes for that perfect 9.25 cup of coffee as opposed to 1-2 minutes.
We've had out Keurig B60 for over a week now, and have gone through dozens of K-Cups so far.  I bought one for the third floor office area here at work, which is a long way from the over-crowded and inconveniently-located coffee maker downstairs.  Now, people on the second floor are regularly coming upstairs to visit us!The B60 is fun to use, and operation of the unit is extremely simple.  There are no messy coffee filters to exchange; K-Cups are self-contained, single serving coffee filters.  We fill the reservoir once a day using filtered water.  Using the "lock and load" method, a K-Cup is inserted into an easily-accessible chamber by using a very functional lever right there on the front of the unit (the silver "rim" you see on the black top of the unit).  Within twenty or thirty seconds of pushing a button, you have a steaming hot cup of joe.So far, the only issues with the maker is the amount of coffee that goes into your cup.  There are three buttons you can choose from when brewing; tea-cup size, coffee-cup size, and travel-mug size.  So far, I think the difference between each may be about two ounces of water; in fact, the travel mug size seems to fill a coffee cup to a "just-about-right" level to still fit creamer and sweetener.  The strength of the coffee is therefore a bit stronger with the tea cup selection (about a half a "regular-sized" cup of coffee), and a little weaker with the travel mug selection.  All in all, this is not really a big deal; knowing the slight differences, I think it gives us options concerning the strength of our coffee.  We seem to prefer using the travel mug size in our average-sized coffee mugs.The other thing is the price and availability of the K-Cups, which seems a wee bit steep so far.  We looked around online and found one company that sells 25-count boxes of a wide variety of K-Cups for about $10.50 a box, which breaks down to .42 cents a cup.  I don't think it's too bad, really, considering the coffee you're getting is good, hearty gourmet, and the flavor one person chooses doesn't have to be the flavor the next person is forced to drink.Overall, the B60 is very attractive, well made, and a fun, smart alternative to a 12-cup maker of coffee which might sit on a burner for hours, and might have decaf when you want caf, or french vanilla when you want regular coffee.  Also, we ordered K-Cups of chai tea, green tea, and ghiardelli hot chocolate, so you're not just limited to coffee variants.  Great for visitors!I'd give the B60 4.5 stars if I could, but I still think a 4 is a better discriptor than a 5.  I really do recommend this model -- enthusiastically -- if you're looking for something with the features and flexibility I've mentioned above.  We're very happy with it.
Overall, I'm fairly impressed with this unit. It is compact and does a good job.  We recently adopted a stray cat, and since she has never lived inside before, she didn't initially grasp the concept of a litterbox (which meant that our couch was urinated on). This thing really came to the rescue and did an excellent job cleaning the cushion!  The only downside is that it doesn't run very long on the charge, which is a bit of a hassle. But since I no longer anticipate having to clean up such messes in the future, using this only occasionally will be perfect.Recommended.
I pulled this out and looked it over when it arrived.  The directions talk about this being best for fresh stains, and with five kids, I assumed we'd have a fresh stain in no time.  So I charged the device and waited.And waited.And waited.Apparently, what I need to do to make my kids not spill things is to get a spotlifter to review.So, when I hit the point where I had to review this, I decided to tackle a couple of old stains.  One in the carpet, and one on an upholstered dining room chair.The carpet stain:  I have NO idea what caused this stain, but we have about a four inch circle of our green carpet that is a nasty grey-y brown color and very matted down.  I really had no hope that this Bissell Spotlifter would do much for it, but thought it was a good place to test it out.I added the cleaning solution to the fill line, noting that it really doesn't take a whole lot of solution.  I added water to the appropriate line, and then powered the machine up and sprayed solution into the stained area, thoroughly soaking it.  The &#34;pre-treat&#34; suggestion is to let that sit for a few minutes.  I let it sit for more like 15 minutes.Then I came back and powered it up again, sprayed more of the solution into the carpet, and started using the machine to scrub it.  The instructions are to pull it towards you... so naturally, I had to try pushing it away.  Pulling it towards you, it does work well.  The brush works at the carpet, the front part suctions up the liquid in the carpet.Pushing it causes the brush to de-attach and that doesn't work well at all.Getting the brush back on is pretty easy, and I went back to doing it the way I was told.The end result?  Well, that spot is still there, but it is clearly less disgusting looking.  The carpet is no longer matted down either.  I plan to repeat the process when my husband is traveling for work (he didn't like the damp carpet spot).  This was a very old stain, so I don't expect it to look brand new.  But it is definitely better.I still had cleaning solution -- and it was still charged.  So I tackled the dining room chair.Again, this is an old stain... but not anywhere near as old.  The chair stain was made in the last year, probably the last six months.The process is basically the same, with instructions for what to look for to see if it is safe to use this on the upholstery.  It handled beautifully on the chair, but again, it did not completely remove the stain.  It is far better than it was, however.After each cleaning job, I emptied out the dirty water from the collection tank.  I grabbed the manual to figure out how, and I pushed the release button and struggled mightily to get the reservoir thingy to &#34;hinge&#34; away from the main unit.  I called my 17 year old over, read the instructions to him, and had him try.  He couldn't get it to budge either.Finally, I held the vacuum part of it with both hands, he pushed the release button and pushed on the tank with both hands, and it actually came apart.  I cleaned the tank out and got it put back on easy peasy.  Then I tried again to remove it.I held the unit and pushed the button with one hand, pushed on the tank with the other, and it hinged exactly like I'd expect.  As it has every time since that first one.So I guess I'd warn that at least in the case of mine, it took a lot of effort to remove the collection tank the first time, but it works great ever since.I can tell this would be effective on a fresh stain.  I'll try to come in and update that once I actually have one.
This is a great solution for those with toddlers or cats, as both little creatures produce lots of tiny spills in a given week. One of my two cats is a hairball factory and seems to actually seek out the carpeted areas of the house to deposit its little work of art. A steam cleaner just isn't appropriate for such a small, but nasty stain, so this spot cleaner is a welcome addition to our house. And, though my kid's toddler days are behind him, this is great to have in hand. Just follow your tiny genius, Bissell Spotlifter in hand, and easily pick up what he leaves behind. The key to getting carpet stains out is to act quickly and with a rechargeable hand-held steam cleaner within reach, stains don't settle in to the carpet and haunt me forever. Recommended.
The Bissell Spotlifter is a handy little spot cleaner, especially if you've pets or children around the house (we've the former). It's an all in one device (spray treater, cleaner/blotter, etc), so you're not treating the spot and then coming back later to scrub it and/or dry it, which is nice. The cleaner isn't too big or heavy, either. If you're looking to clean your whole house/rug, this definitely is not the device to do that.There's a couple of things to note. First, you need to charge it for about twelve hours. Definitely not going to take it out of the box and start cleaning right away, and they recommend that you charge it about twelve hours each time. You can get about ten minutes average between uses (manual says about 7-12 minutes, depending on use), and if you're noticing issues, to let it drain all the way and recharge. It usually just takes a couple of minutes each time to clean a mess, so you should get a few uses per charge.Second, it's not going to completely dry the spot. It says to keep passing over the spot until the water/treatment is sucked up, but yeah, it's still gonna be damp. But it's not going to be soaking damp if you sprayed it and you're not going to have to pat it dry (unless you really want it dry) to wipe up the treatment.Third, you'll have to buy the treatment/spot disolver moving forward - they give you a small 'sample' bottle but you don't really have to add much to the reservoir (it's mostly water) and the price isn't bad at all considering the size of the bottle sold and how little you use.Fourth - it's easier to remove the treatment reservoir than it is the dirty 'water' reservoir.  That took a little trial and effort, but it snapped back on easily.I'd think this was perfect if there was a way to spritz the treatment to pre-treat without turning on the device (and eating into battery time) and the charge time wasn't so long compared to how long it runs (twelve hours for ten minutes, give or take???), but all in all, it's great to have around the house to help clean up.
This is a good spot cleaner for carpets as well as upholstery.  Having two kids, our chairs have plenty of spots from spills.  I used this Spotlifter to clean the multiple spots on our two recliners and after drying, the spots were gone.  Using it is fairly easy - you mix the included detergent with water in the solution tank and once done, empty the dirty water from the collection tank.  The spotlifter has a trigger to spray the spots and it did take me a couple tries to realize it was squirting out from the front of the unit rather than underneath,where the vacuum and brush is.  Also the collection tank was a little tricky to pivot off and on.  The instructions mention that you can keep unused solution in the tank; however, I wouldn't recommend it as when I tried it, it leaked a bit on the floor.Overall though, I really like this spot cleaning machine.  It is not difficult to use and it really comes in handy in a household with kids and pets.
I have used this multiple times on my living room rug.  It is the only carpeting we have in our house and it sure takes a beating.  It is a light beige color and this little cleaner made a HUGE difference in it and didn't alter the original color.  The spray puts out a flat, uniform line...and then I let that sit for about 30 seconds and then i used the vacuum to suck up the extra water.  There is a brush on bottom but I am not sure what it is supposed to do.  If you try to use it to scrub while you are vacuuming then it pops off.  I got to where I just used it by hand for those extra tough stains and it really helped.  The container for the cleaner/water mixture is pretty small so you wont get a huge space done. but as long as you only use this for the small stuff it is perfect.  It is easy to take apart and clean so it is definitely going to be my go-to spot lifter.
This is my first foray into handheld carpet cleaners. Up until this point I had been using products similar toCarbona 2-In-1 Oxy-Powered Carpet Cleaner, a plastic bottle filled with liquid cleaner with a brush head attachment at the top. After brushing the soiled area with the cleaner, I would allow the spot to dry and finish with a vacuuming. This Bissell "SpotLifter" does all these three things: It sprays cleaner over the surface, it brushes the cleaner into the stain, and it vacuums up the dirty solution.I found this product to be fairly good at spot cleaning carpets, hard floors, and upholstery. It does some things far better than my hand held brush topped bottle, some things less well.1) It comes with a trial size (8oz) ofBISSELL 2X Spot & Stain Portable Machine Formula. This is not a shampoo-like detergent, but a spot cleaner that is mixed with water in the solution tank. This cleanser does not require rinsing. One can also purchaseBISSELL 2X Pet Stain & Odor Portable Machine Formula, 32 ounces, 74R7if one has pets. One must use a spot cleaner liquid in this device in order for it to "work."2) The SpotLifter requires charging for 12 hours before first use. After that it is recommended that the battery completely discharge before recharging.3) The SpotLifter is a bit cumbersome to manipulate. It's fairly easy on flat areas like carpets and floors, difficult to manage on rounded arm of sofas.4) One pumps a trigger to release the liquid cleaner. The cleaner comes out in a wide arc and not in a targeted spray. One has to be careful not to get the cleaner on nearby wooden floors or other areas not being cleaned.5) The removable brush attachment on the bottom of the SpotLifter is used to rub the cleaner into the surface of the rug. I found that the brush was easily detached while vigorously rubbing.6) After applying the cleaner, the SpotLifter is pulled along the surface of the rug to suction the dirt laiden cleaner off the fabric. The dirty solution goes into a separate tank. This dirty solution is in fact shockingly dirty! This is quite satisfying.7) The charge lasts a fairly long time. I have already spot cleaned four rugs, a upholstered club chair, and the arm of a sofa over a two week period without needing to recharge.8) I had no difficulty disassembling or reassembling the various parts, tanks, brushes, caps, etc. that come with this product.9) A 12 page instruction book written entirely in English with a nice note from the President and CEO, Mark Bissell comes with the product.10) There is a limited 1 year warranty.11) The parts are replaceable and can be ordered from Bissell.
The SpotBot isn't perfect but is very useful.  It leaves a significant wet spot which I blot then cover with a rag until it dries. It only cleans a  6" circular area at a time and the inside of the hose gets/looks disgusting. It can be used manually & comes with a cleaning wand. To keep the hose & dirty water tank cleaner & fresher, I've been running it through a cycle with clean water & white vinegar.I have a 20 year old cat & an 11 year old dog...the past few months my SpotBot has become indispensable. Our cat has been having accidents & our nervous Tzu, has been throwing up about every other week.  I finally figured out his pattern...he eats a little more than normal, then drinks off & on, more than normal, then throws up in several places 1 1/2 hours later. Don't  clean up this mess with the SpotBot until you've gotten most of the solids cleaned up...otherwise the brush & hose will get very, very disgusting. I use 2 pcs. of cardboard cut from a cereal box or those junk mail postcards to clean the majority of the mess out of the carpet. I do this by holding one piece near the mess, to be used similar to a dustpan,  and use the other piece like a scraper to scrape the mess onto the other (dustpan) piece then throw it all into the plastic grocery bag that I have ready. When that's finished, I use some rags to blot  the mess, if necessary. Then either I put a mixture of white vinegar & water (on the mess),  squirt carpet cleaner directly onto it (or a mixture of carpet cleaner & water), or I don't put anything on the mess. I fill the SpotBot with either  water and white vinegar, or plain warm water & let it do its job. (I recently learned that vinegar is  an effective and natural cleaner and disinfectant, with antimicrobial properties.) This unit used to come with a sample size OxyGen II which is a fantastic cleaner; I don't know if it is still included.  I now keep  OxiClean powder, which I mix with hot water, on hand to use for stubborn stains.Be sure to rinse the dirty water tank out when you're finished. You might want to check the brushes to see if they need cleaned.  I prop the water tank & dirty water tank to let them drain & dry. The one time I didn't let them drain, the dirty water tank smelled very musty.
I bought a Spotbot a little over two years ago.  It suddenly stopped spraying cleaning solution.  I don't know what happened, but I needed to buy another spot cleaner.  I pondered whether to buy a Little Green Machine instead to save a few dollars.Looking back, Spotbot has been a timesaver for me.  It's lightweight and more portable than my full size machine.  In fact, it cleans better than my full size machines (I've owned several), because it concentrates the cleaning in one small spot for up to six minutes.CLEANINGI fill it with cleaning solution and water, set it down, press a button and leave until it's done.  I can choose between surface stain cleaning (3 minutes) and set in stain cleaning (6 minutes).  I have found that surface stain cleaning is all I really need, even for set in urine stains.  When it's done, I use the hand tool and the manual mode to suck up more cleaning solution (a tip I picked up from earlier reviews) to make the area extra dry and keep the crop circles from being too obvious -- those round clean areas can really stand out.  Every few months, I run the full size carpet cleaner over the carpet to make the crop circles disappear.In addition to urine stains, I've cleaned up blood, diarrhea and red vomit (my daughter drank fruit punch).  My husband didn't think for a second it would get out the fruit punch vomit, but it did.My only gripe is the dirty water collection tank is impossible to clean.  I just dump it out and rinse, but I cannot get inside to scrub it.PROS:+ gets many hard to clean stains out with ease+ two modes: surface stain and set in stain cleaning+ more lightweight and portable than the full size machines+ hand tool for manual cleaningCONS:- broke after only two years- cleans so well, it leaves clean circles all over the carpet (see above for ways around this)- too difficult to clean collection tankSUMMARYWhen I thought about it, Spotbot has been so wonderful, I went back and bought another one.My new one is just as great as my old one.  Even better, the crop circle is drier than ever.  I think they've improved that part.  It used to be sopping wet, but I still run the hand tool over it to make it extra dry.__________________UPDATE:  My new unit is doing something that my old unit never did.  It leaks.  This is recent, something that did not happen when I got it four months ago.  It is not coming from the solution nor the collection tank, because I remove the solution tank and empty the collection tank whenever I store the unit.  After each use, I look at the brush and see it sopping wet, solution dripping out of it from somewhere.  Whatever solution is left in the machine after I remove the tanks drains out and I always have a small puddle on my floor, which is annoying.  The unit is under warranty, but I have to take it to a repair shop.  If any other issues arise, I will come back to update again.
Back in 2008 I wrote: "I am not a gourmet or a breakfast food addict and I never feel comfortable around toasters or toaster ovens but I missed this little implement, after it died on us a couple of months ago. We had one for a couple of years and, somehow, it turned me into a toast consumer (12-grain whole grain is my favorite). My wife used the egg thing from time to time too so, when it stopped toasting, I felt that I needed a replacement."Well... it's 2010 and, 2 years later, our SECOND TEM500 died again and, guess what? I am ordering out third. We kind of got used to this design/set of features and came to accept that we are going to get a new one every 2 years or so until something better becomes available.On features:- Egg poaching is moderately okay. I can't say much about it because I don't eat real eggs any longer - cholesterol... you know? But it's good to know it's there and it doesn't bother anyone. The kids do make them in the morning for breakfast and they find it convenient. It comes with a little booklet that has easy to follow instructions and the kids became experts the first time they tried it.- Same as above for boiling eggs. It comes with a 3-egg tray holder and the eggs get steam-boiled rather than water-boiled.- Toast-making is easy and there is a nice knob that you can move from light to dark. I always select the darkest but my wife sets it somewhere in the middle. After a while, your toast pops up and you can eat it but if the slices are too small, it's sometimes hard to take them out and you better wait for a minute or you could burn your fingers.- It's quite robust. Our first unit did not show any signs of wear and tear until the day it stopped making toast.- Not having much to do with functionality or ergonomics, I like the shape, color, texture: no sharp angles, dark grey, no chrome.Did I mention that the one we bought a couple of years ago died on us? It did but it gave us good service so ordering a replacement was an easy decision to make.P.S. - I noticed that prices on this item which is available from more than one vendor tend to fluctuate a lot. I suggest that you search Amazon.com for TEM500 and pick the best offer.
This thing is fantastic.  Drop an egg into the dish and pop an English muffin in the toaster, and by the time you're done making your kids' lunches, your breakfast is ready.But heaven help you if you forget to grease the egg pan.  Don't even bother trying to salvage that egg, because it is history!My kids use cooking spray for their eggs.  I use a small dollop of olive oil. I think the oil works better, because it's lighter than the egg and floats to the top as the egg cooks.  It's very easy to drain the oil and the steamy water off before you put it on your muffin.So I obviously like this appliance, but what *don't* I like about it?SLOW:  It can't be helped...it takes about 4-5 minutes to make your egg sandwich. That means it's really not practical for a family to make one after another and make it out the door on time. If that's your goal, try the two-hole version:Back to Basics TEM4500 4-Slot Egg-and-Muffin Toaster.HYGIENE:  I swear I'm not a germ freak.  The "5 second rule" is alive and well in our family.  But there's something about a steamy wet egg dish sitting around for 24 hours that gives me the creeps.  So do I have to wash this thing every day?  That kind of takes the fun out of it.  I don't know what the answer is.  I wipe ours down with a paper towel every day, and none of us has caught the cooties yet.THE STINKING BUTTON:  You have to press a mode selection button before you use it (toast, egg, or both). The default selection is toast (lame!!!). That doesn't make sense to me, because this thing's function is to make egg sandwiches.  But unless you remember to hit the "both" button, you're going to get a nice set of toast and an uncooked egg.  Darnit!This would have been a five-start item for me if it weren't for the mode selection button. My other two gripes are minor compared to that.  Other than that though, this thing is AWESOME.
Before buying this, I read all the reviews, and I'm only going to add what hasn't been noted by others except to say "Yes, you really should read the instruction booklet cover to cover before you use this the first time." Why? Because some of the complaints people had about this product were clearly due to the fact that they did not read the instructions! Be sure to flip to the badly placed "Cleaning" part first!The best thing I like about this sleek appliance is that it shuts itself off. Control freaks might not love it (although, to me, I'd think the Cancel button would afford them the requisite control). Those who don't read the instructions might break it by manually forcing the toaster arm up to stop it from toasting instead of pressing Cancel. Other than that, the trickiest but most fun part is playing around to see what water amounts and food combinations appeal most to you.The programmed auto-shutoff feature is greater (and safer) than I imagined. I'm not completely adle-pated just yet, but I'm very bad about sticking a skillet on the stove, walking off to do something else, then returning only when the smoke alarm has gone off and the house is filled with smoke. So having this little "bot" toaster/egg cooker that knows I've forgotten all about it protects me from myself. The worst thing that can happen is my food will get cold before it dawns on me to check on it.Another thing: I'm not the type to leave well enough alone. Whether it's software or hardware, I'm always pushing things past the limit of what they were designed to do. I soon discovered that I can have a healthy little lunch of a slice of whole-grain bread and a handful of nicely steamed fresh broccoli or frozen brussels sprouts. Toss in a piece of fresh fruit from the fruit bowl, and I can feel like I've been so good without having to drag out the steamer, wait for the water to boil, etc.Another thing I tried, after one reviewer mentioned using a ramekin in hers when the teflon peeled off her egg tray, was to fill the smallest (1-cup) pyrex bowl in my round storage set with Excalibur-dehydrated cooked brown rice (my version of healthy "quick" rice) and the requisite amount of water to reconstitute it, then steam it using a little more water than is required for four hard-boiled eggs. This makes enough for two side servings of rice for me and my husband, and I could have thrown in other dried veggie flakes and chunks if I'd wanted to. Because I'm into dehydrating foods for long-term storage and want to be able to reconstitute cooked foods in only cold water if I have to, this is a real boon. I'm far more likely to use those dried stores on a day-to-day basis if I can very quickly reconstitute measurable servings without having to use the microwave oven (which I don't want to do).The recipes in the manual, as one reviewer mentioned, also confused me. Can you poach TWO eggs at once, I wondered? Well, yes; yes you can. You just have to add more water than it calls for if you want them medium-poached and not runny. That little teflon skillet-tray holds two medium (and maybe even two large) eggs just fine. You just have to experiment with how much water you need to cook them McMuffin-firm.I can also boil enough eggs for quick egg salad sandwiches, and they do peel very easily when you use that sharp poker thing on the plastic water-measuring cup that comes with this. But I can't seem to remember to avoid that poker, and that thing can make you BLEED. So I quickly measured out how much water is required for my various egg-cooking and veggie-steaming tasks and transferred those amounts to my little OXO angled stainless steel measuring cup. Now, if I'm going to boil eggs, I'll pull the plastic measurer/poker out of the drawer and poke, then put it right back in the drawer so I won't forget and stab myself with it.So, what's not to like about this B-to-B "bot"? The footprint is considerably smaller than our older four-slice "wide slot" overkill toaster, and the bot's two slots are actually wider than on our old one. I like that it sits longways toward the back of the countertop, leaving me more room for doing other things. The black-and-stainless look matches our Keurig coffee maker. The materials are cheaper than the Keurig's, of course, but it didn't cost several hundred dollars either.If Back to Basics ever decides to redesign this neat little critter, I hope they'll make the  stainless steel portion of the water tray removeable and dishwasherable. If they wanted to release a higher-end special edition of it, making the various cooking trays out of stainless steel with a tempered glass top, I'd buy one in a heartbeat. This is going to be one of those "use all the time" items in our household.
Awesome Stuff:--------------+ Cooks toast and egg simultaneously+ Handy measuring cup+ Quick Clean egg tray+ Large crumb tray makes toaster cleaning easy+ Clearly labeled buttonsCould be better:----------------- Takes several minutes to poach egg- Meat warming doesn't work well- Consecutive egg making does not work as well.This is a great toaster! Works well for bread, bagels, english muffins, and pop tarts. It did takes us a couple of tries to find the perfect settings though. I can cook eggs faster in a pan but the clean up is quicker with this toaster. You just give it a couple minutes to cool and then wipe out the tray and water pan. Also need to let it cool between eggs if you are making more than one breakfast. First egg comes out perfect and the next one gets too done. Our local carnivore tried the meat warming tray and discovered that the grease got on the egg and was not happy.Overall, we love it. In the morning, everyone leaves at different times so a group breakfast isn't feasible, but with this, everyone can make themselves a nice single breakfast without dirtying a bunch of pans.
It fits into the top of the bottle easier than the extracted cork.  That's good.  The lever for opening and closing the device to allow pouring is pretty cool (maybe a little tight).However, if I needed a wine stopper I would pass on this one since I will not buy anything that comes in those rigid plastic clamshell things.  You know, the ones that require industrial clippers to open.
Overall, this wine pourer is a big win for me and I wish that I had purchased it earlierGood:- Clean pour in a fine stream- Aeration during pouring provided a noticeable improvement to the taste in the wine.  Maybe not as much as a full on aerator- minimal to no drippage- easy lever action that opens and closes vent- easy to cleanBad:- Adds a good amount of height to your wine bottle and may present space challenges in refrigerator- No way to evacuate the air out of the bottle- seal was not as tight as I would have liked.  No leakage, but would have preferred a tighter fit
I'm concerned about the numerous reviews here where Amazon buyers have reported sticking or breakage of the ball bearing mechanism on this stopper.  However, I also know from personal observation that a lot of people aren't all that diligent when it comes to taking care of kitchen tools.  Fine knives in dishwasher (shudder).  Metal implements in non-stick pans.  Etcetera.I'm going to guess that the problem with the ball bearing for many may be of mineral or food (well, wine) buildup.  And of course, if the lever starts to stick and you have to force it, breakage is no surprise.But today, this sucker pours driplessly (not that I'm ever going to lay down an open bottle, however trustworthy the stopper may be), and sits securely in my latest bottle of three-and-a-half-buck-chuck.  It didn't fit a screwtop bottle I tried it on, or my various oil bottles, and I really doubt it would be good for a champagne bottle...but it looks like I am good for wine bottles that accept the standard-size wine cork.The stopper is handsome in a really-not-subtle kind of way.  It's BIG, adding about 2.5 inches to the height of a bottle.  So you'll need to account for that extra clearance, if storing an opened bottle upright.As a personal experiment, I'm going to try descaling the stopper with vinegar on a semi-regular basis.  I don't know if that will work on this kind of buildup the way descaling does with calcium and lime.  Hopefully, it won't be too hard on the plastic components or the rubberized part of the stopper.  (And of course, I'll have to rinse thouroughly so as not to inadvertently *make* vinegar.)  I'll update this review in one year -- sooner if the stopper/pourer stops doing its job properly.----11.5 month update: Okay, in the drinking department, I am a lightweight.  Over the past 50 weeks, I've used this stopper pourer on probably all of 30 bottles, at best.  So far, I've been reasonably good about giving it a long vinegar-water "dunk" between uses (best 7 times out of 9?) To date, no difficulty opening or closing and no leaking in normal use, though I don't store bottles horizonally after opening.  I think assiduous descaling (de-wining?) may be the answer. Is such a product worth the continuing (minor) maintenance?  Well, people go through all sorts of daily contortions to keep up - say - an espresso machine, so I guess it depends on your POV.
The retractable cord is short and the low speed setting is high, however it does knead dough well. It comes with dough hooks and i find it very effective for kneading dough or very thick pastry dough. The retractable cord ensures  there is no cord lying around to tangle anything or anyone up. If you use a deep bowl, it mixes a variety of other things well without bits flying all over either.
But why is the retractable cord so freaking short?  Very irritating.  Otherwise a decent mixer for light duty, but won't be able to replace my Kitchenaid stand mixer for those large mixing jobs!
At the time I'm writing this review, 26 other people rated this mixer 5 stars and 27 rated it 1 star. You might ask why the discrepancy. It all depends on why it is being used.In my case, I already have an awesome mixer. My $500 behemoth is capable of kneading pounds of bread dough, mixing enough batter for three 9 X 13" cakes or whipping up a quart of buttercream frosting in a quick minute. With a big 600 watt motor, stainless steel construction and ten speeds, it is built to last forever. However, it's TOO heavy to move around much and TOO big for some jobs.So, for me, this little Oster handheld mixer is perfect for throwing together a quick cheat cake (boxed mix) or whipping up mashed potatoes right in the pan on the stove. The whisk attachment works fine, but I have no use for the dough hooks. An immersion blender attachment would get much more use.It is a great choice as a 2nd mixer for the seasoned home cook. It is also a good choice for the occasional cook or if you need an easy option to mix up that midnight batch of brownies once in a while.One thing to note is that the six speeds range from fast to super fast. There is no slow speed for stirring in ingredients.For less than $25, it is a great buy and I am rating it a solid 4 stars. For 5 stars it would have to have either an immersion blender attachment or better speed control.If I manage to fry my little Oster, I think I'll go for a hand blender next time. Before you decide, I recommend that you figure out what things you would most need a little mixer to do. You might be better off going with something like thisHamilton Beach 59785 2-Speed Hand Blender with Case, Black.
the oster 2534 inspire handheld mixer with bonus attachments - frankly they had me at bonus attachments. i love my stand mixer but sometimes its one bowl until its washed limits get on my nerves, this hand mixer is a great alternative to help with my baking needs,  this comes with standard beaters a whisk and dough hooks, its speeds go from 1-6 its not too heavy and it looks very nice  all white black and shiny silver newness-  my other hand mixer i've had since 1993- and it was making alarming noises the last time i tried to make a cake so i put off replacing it because of its limits. this however.. is exactly what i needed. Thank you Vine-  i'll post later when i start really putting thru its paces but i have several oster appliances and they are very good little machines.
There is so much to like about this mixer, and so much not to like, it's hard to know where to start.  First of all, it has lots of attachments, which is good. The cord is retractable, which is also good. My old mixer has just three settings: low, medium and Smell of Motor Burning Out. The Oster 2534 Inspire is like one of those Spinal Tap amps that goes to 11. There are 9 settings.  I think the highest one is for mixing concrete.  Anyway, I got the mixer last night and couldn't wait to try it, so I used it to to mix up a batch of macarons, those almondy merenguey cookies with a filling that are nothing like macaroons, meringues or oreos. (Also I am slightly addicted to macarons and this seemed like a good excuse.)You need a ton of egg whites whipped to a rather stiff consistency and my little hand held egg beater got the job done, but it took a while.  This gizmo whizzed through the egg whites so quickly, I had not finished eating the jar of fig preserves I was thinking about using for a filling. So far so good.Anyway, this morning I rose early and made a batch of bread...the bread hook attachment is a thing of beauty and a joy until I lose it.  I usually do all the mixing and kneading by hand and my wrists ache for a day after making a couple of loaves.  I am going to bake more often because of those little doohickeys.Those are the good points. The bad ones?  Some reviewers mentioned that there is no difference between low and high settings, and this is somewhat true.  Low is more like High on most mixers.  Talk about enhanced performance. I wanted to ask if it had been hanging out with Lance Armstrong.If you are making something liquid, it does send up a bit of spray because the blades move at such a high speed.  I knew this and used a deep bowl for the chocolate ganache filling I used in the macarons, but there are still little blobs of chocolate on the kitchen curtains and the cats. Something soupier or more liquid would probably make a bigger mess, so be forewarned.  This is a particular problem for me because I always make a mess when I cook.  After I make blueberry pie, the cats, sink and microwave are usually a pretty purple color that doesn't wash out for a couple of weeks. I don't need an appliance that adds to the chaos.One reviewer appreciated the 'heft.'  I didnt catch the name, but it was either Mr. Universe or our ex-Governor Schwarzenneger.  I'm not weakling, but do find the mixer a little on the heavy side.  I kept changing hands because once you start beating eggs, you really can't stop.  And while the bread hooks made kneading much, much easier, it was still hard work just clinging to the mixer. It felt like I was holding a bucking bronco at one point.  The handle is ergonomic, which is fancy talk for padded. It helps, but it's still heavy.  Another reviewer mentioned that the retractable cord was too short. I don't find it short at all. Unless you are planning to stroll to downtown Yemen while mixing up your pancake batter, the cord is plenty long.The "Inspire" also comes comes with a whisk, which I have not tried, and a spatula for for folding ingredients into one another. Since folding is generally a delicate process, I don't know if this overpowered machine is appropriate.  I think it might bring too much muscle to the job.And finally, the 'eject' mechanism doesn't work very well.  It's not a button it's just a spot with a plastic label on it. I pressed, jabbed, poked, prodded and jammed my finger on the spot to no avail.  Even my usual 'go to' method of fixing anything broken or stuck, which is whacking it against the side of the refrigerator, didn't help. When you are in a frenzy to lick the chocolate off the beaters, this can be a major problem. I thought maybe this was just a  one off thing because the mixer was new, so I put the beaters back in and, sure enough, had the same problem again. You just have to keep pushing and hope for the best.So, for the money, not a bad mixer as long as you know where the problems are and compensate for them.  Just take a deep breath before trying to get the attachments to eject. And NEVER EVER become so impatient that you lick the beaters before removing them from the machine.  I still have a slight lisp.
If there's anyone out there who HAS got a mixer that has a low setting, please let the rest of us know!  That being said, I'm not going to take more than a star off this, because ALL the mixers I've had over the past 20-odd years have run too fast on the lowest setting.  Guess they have a different voltage in China, 'cause the settings on this are fast, faster, warp speed, and the-engines-canna-take-it-captain!One other weird thing about this blender - the speed setting is also the attachment release.  Kinda had me going for a while, but you push down on it to loosen the attachments - on mine, anyway, they don't exactly pop out.Otherwise it seems good so far - lots of attachments.  It IS large and heavy.  Sure wish there was a mixer with a "slow" setting...
This jar opener works well if the jar lid fits in it.  I found that jars can be both too large (some artichoke hearts) and too small (a bottle of olive oil.)  For those, the opener was useless.  I may have to get the version that mounts under the counter for those.The opener did the trick but still required quite a bit of strength even once it was secured on the bottle top.  I would recommend it to someone who wants some help opening super stuck lids but not to someone who has a strength issue as you still have to put a big effort into turning the opener once it is secure.
How well I remember opening jars for my mother years ago and thinking how puny she must be and how lucky to have such a marvel of a daughter, conquerer of all jar lids with just a twist of the wrist.  So it was time for my comeuppance.  "Time" being the critical word here.  It gets to us all.Well, how lucky to have found this handy jar opener, since there are moments when no one is around to open stubborn jars for me.  One drawback, however, at least for me, is that at the critical moment the jar lid pops open, if the jar contains a goodly amount of liquid (such as those with pickles or olives), I manage to slop a bit of liquid out onto the counter.  Don't know if this is a problem in the way I'm using the opener, but at least I'm getting the jar opened.
I have had this blender for about a month.  I bought it to replace a cheapo $15 two piece that always leaked and smelled.  The buttons on this unit are flat, unlike the push button types that always become disgusting and impossible to clean.I use my blender mostly for homemade sauces and dips, though after reading many reviews here, I have started using it to make smoothies.  I am very happy with how quickly this machine blends everything.  The description claims that the jar is dishwasher safe, but since it is polycarbonate and not glass, I am not confident that either the jar or seal will hold up after many cycles though the dishwasher.Make sure you have a three prong outlet or power strip to plug this into.PROS:Very Fast MixingFlat Buttons that are easy to keep cleanPitcher is easy to hand washNo burning smellComes in many different colors to match your kitchen*CONS:Very NoisyCord might be a bit short for some peopleBase tends to shake a bit while blendingMay become damaged in dishwasher, causing leaks.  Wash by hand instead.*Note on the colors:  If you want a blender that has a nice chrome finish, you need to order the alternative model to this one, which is KSB560.  The bases for this particular model are plastic and will obviously not shine like chrome.
I love this blender; there is just something about it that makes you want to puree everything in sight. It is beautifully designed, powerful enough to crush ice.I didn't know how important a powerful blender is in the kitchen until my old one broke. This one has a rugged motor and amazing vortex performance, it makes quick work of whole foods, ice cubes, and more in mere seconds. It is time for those drinks we all love in the summer, those that contain alcohol or not. So easy with this blender. Smoothes are so easy, even Kale blends in this blender.I read many reviews and finally 'Cooking Illustrated ' convinced me with their review. This Kitchen Aid is less expensive than the other recommended blenders,and I am very pleased!Recommended. prisrob 05-05-13
I got this as part of a Keurig B60 order through an Amazon competitor (Costco). I have used it a few times to brew coffee (using up my leftover rot-gut Folgers as I make the switch to the good stuff), but this is how I use it the most:After we do our coffee in the morning, I pop out the K cup holder and pop in the reusuable My K Cup. I can then brew teas throughout the day using tea bags by simply placing them into the My K Cup, sans filter (which I keep pristine for fresh-ground coffee beans). I drink a lot of herb teas during the day, and while the Keurig brews them too quickly to totally extract all the goodness, that's the way I like my medicinal herb teas: a little on the weak side. Of course, I could run the hot water through the Keurig and then steep the tea bags. But putting the My K Cup into the machine gives me a lot of different options. I mean, shoot, I can run out a cup of hot water and make homemade soup with my dehydrated cooked noodles or rice and dehydrated veggies! So I'm more likely to use up my store....At night, before I go to bed, I pop out the My K Cup and pop in the regular K cup holder, make sure the Keurig's water reservoir is filled up with filtered water from my Big Berkey (conveniently located right there at the sink), and go off to a blissful sleep, knowing my DH can stagger in there in the morning and make his coffee with no problems. And not wake me up!It really is bliss...BLISS!
If you are like me and have a Keurig coffee maker, you really need this little filter.  Actually, you probably will be happier if you have two.  Keurig makes some incredible coffee machines and you can get the prepackaged coffee in a lot of different blends and flavors.  However, it's a little pricey.  Also, there's all that coffee that you receive as gifts or smells so good as you pass it in the store that you buy a pound.  You could pull out your old drip coffee maker and make a pot, but it's better brewed in the Keurig.I purchased one reusable filter when I bought the Keruig and quickly realized I needed another.  I've found the right amount of coffee to use so my coffee comes out very tasty.  You'll need to experiment to get the strength you prefer.  There are very hard to see lines on the filter to indicate teaspoons.If you want a second cup or a cup for someone else, you either have a second filter (like me) or you're washing the filter a lot.  I have noticed grounds in my coffee when I use this filter but I think that's because I'm using coffee that is ground too fine.  The instructions recommend coarse ground coffee.
Filters for the Keurig seem to come in two sizes.  The shorter ones and longer ones (like this.) The shorter ones hold the same amount of coffee as the "bold" K cups. This filter basket holds about 30% more coffee than "bold" K cups. Unfortunately with this taller filter, you'll waste quite a bit of coffee - unless you like it really, really strong - espresso strong. These filters need to be filled almost to the top to work correctly.  This way the water is forced through the grounds. If you only fill the filter, say, half way, much of the water will pour through the filter without hitting the coffee. The result is weaker, less consistent coffee.It's also why I prefer these shorter baskets to the longer ones. For a 10 oz mug, the longer ones would make coffee strong (and bitter) enough to revive a dead engine.I use the longer baskets for tea, and the shorter ones for coffee. Fill a shorter filter all the way and you have consistent, strong coffee. Put the same amount of grounds in this filter, and you'll have comparably weaker coffee - and it won;t be consistent.I can make about 24 strong cups of coffee from a retail bag of Starbucks ground coffee with the shorter filter. At $8 a bag, that's 33 cups - or about a quarter a cup. Then consider that Starbucks will swap the empty bag for a free tall coffee of your choice (Worth up to around $3.50) - this becomes a really affordable option!
There are a ton of K-Cup filter cups available. Some more annoying than others with how much you have to go through to get them in your brewer. The official Keurig reusable sits at the top of the &#34;pain in the patookus&#34; heap, though it also sits at the top of &#34;keep crap out of my brewed coffee so I'm not getting a mouth full of coffee discharge at the bottom of my mug&#34; (trying to keep this family friendly, but also get across how much I hate that mouth full of...discharge) heap as well.The reason this one is so annoying is that if you also plan to use the standard K-Cups, you have to remove and replace the plastic holder every time you swap around. This is a pain in the patookus, and can, literally, be a pain when you want to swap between the two coffee brew cup types quickly. Word of advice, just be patient when removing this thing.I believe this extra piece, and the super fine filter size of the filter mesh, helps keep that discharge out of your coffee, and especially out of your mouth.So if you are looking for the best option, don't mind the annoyance of swapping the plastic holder around and really want to keep your coffee leakage and discharge free, this is THE reusable filter to get.Recommended.
I bought this filter so that I could make some types of coffee that are not currently available for the Keurig.  I travel quite a bit, often to areas that produce incredible coffees.  I wanted to be able to use these coffees in my Keurig so I thought that this filter would help me to enjoy them.  Well, it works but it takes a little time to get used to using it.  It clogged up a few times but I was able to clean it out and still use it.I did not buy this filter so that I could make coffee with my Keurig for less money per cup, I bought it for variety and to be honest I am finding enough variety through the various makers of cups so that I seldom use this anymore.  However, when I find an interesting and unique coffee I either use my trusty French Press or I break out this filter even though it is a little more work than it is worth (at least for me).
This is a must product for anyone who has a Keurig coffee maker. The K Cups are pretty expensive and for someone like me who drinks 3 or 4 cups a day that can be kind of expensive.The my K-cup allows you to use your own coffee in our Keurig. It is easy to use and you can easily switch between the My K-Cup and regular K-Cups.The instructions are easy to understand. You'll be using your own coffee minutes after taking this out of the box.The downsize is that this is a tad messy. After making a cup of coffee you will want to clean it, and loading 2 tablespoons of coffee at a time can be tedious at times.Also the instructions suggest using coarser ground coffee. I used finer ground coffee and found the results were more suited to my taste. So I would definitely suggest this more for someone who has control over how finely their coffee is ground.
I bought this after having wanted a hand blender for quite some time, and reading a LOT of reviews. It does everything promised, and does it well.I have used it for mixing up a frothy mocha a lait in the morning, and have also used it for turning sugar into a fine grain....it's a little bit more difficult to make sure that all the sugar is ground, but it works quite well and saved me from breaking out my blender or food processor.The power is excellent for doing just about anything you would need a hand blender for, and the included cup makes it easy to blend small amounts of liquid together. In fact, using the hand blender in the cup makes a small suction, so that the blender will not come out easily.All in all, an excellent buy for the price and well worth having. It has become one of my "necessary" tools rather than one of the items that gets put in a dark cupboard, never to be seen again! I keep it out and ready to use...
This hand blender is not only stylish, but does a great job of blending smoothies and whipping potatoes. It is also good for whipping home made butters and lotions. The bottom part comes off and can be placed in the dishwasher for easy cleanup.
Although this unit works fairly well, be advised, it does have quite a bit of power, and if you are careless, you will have frothy something all over the place.  (I guess I am saying it has plenty of power, but like all power it needs to be controlled--and this unit only has one speed, high. )  I have kind of stopped using this as I have a new little battery powered unit that has plenty of power for simple things like frothing milk and it is easier to clean (and a moderate amount of power).
When I unpacked my Cuinart hand blender and saw that it had two speeds available, I thought, yeah, sure. One more useless feature. And then I turned it on. Wow! This thing has a LOT of power. Half the time I use it I only use the low power setting, lest I spray the contents of the bowl or pot I'm using all over the kitchen. I use it for pureeing soups, for making mayonnaise, for making smoothies, and really, just about everything I used to use a standard blander for. Making soup, it's much easier to bring the blender to the pot than dump the contents on the pot into a blander, and the hand blender can handle a lot more volume than my regular blender. It can also handle thicker mixtures that won't flow well in a standard blender. The detachable motor makes it easier and safer to clean, too. I like mine so much I bought a second for my girlfriend.
I have been using this machine for the last six weeks and it is working fine. It is powerful enough to blend soups, smoothies, mayonnaise, greens and vegetables but not ice cubes. The design is good and the electrical body of the machine can be detached from the blending part (the blades) so that the blades can be washed and cleaned. This is certainly a wonderful product for small volume blending where food processor or traditional family size blender doesn't work.It looks great and working fine so far, if any problems develop I will update this review.1.Cuisinart HB-154PC Smart Stick Hand Blender With Whisk & Chopper Attachments - Club Model2.Proctor-Silex 59738 Hand Blender3.Chefman 2 Speed 200 Watt Hand Blender with Stainless Steel Blade
I've had this cake caddy for well over a year now, and I love it. It is tall enough to hold a 9-inch round frosted three-layer cake without touching the top or sides. In fact, it's taller than the glass cake stand and dome that I have. The base is solid, and the whole ting is made out of a sturdy plastic. The snaps that close onto the lid are removable, so while the whole caddy isn't the prettiest thing to look at, you can remove the snaps and have a cake that looks like it's just on a round, white base.I bring cakes and pies to work several times a year, and this works as a great transportation device. It is useful to remember to put some frosting on the base of the carrier before placing that first layer, as the frosting will sort of help hold the cake in place. I like that the handle to the carrier is built into the top, so I don't have to worry about it separating. I wouldn't use this for cupcakes, as the base isn't large enough to hold more than a half dozen or so, but it does work well for storing fresh bread.The only drawback to this item is that it is a space hog. While a glass or ceramic cake plate can sit on a counter and just look pretty, this looks messy when sitting on the counter devoid of baked goods. For that reason alone, I had to take off one star.
I purchased this cake caddy because I do recognize the name Wilton, for baking supplies.  I wanted something that I could not only put a freshly baked cake in, but to use for left over rolls or muffins, things like that, so they will stay fresh.The size of this caddy is huge, more than enough space for me.  When I make cakes I normally make a bundt cake or angel food cake, and I don't frost them.  I just add chocolate chips to the batter.  To me it doesn't need frosting, tho I do frost cakes once in awhile.Even if you do make a cake that is more than one layer, you should still have plenty of room.  Even the base is huge.I do have some issues with my hands, and the 3 latches that secure the lid to the base are fairly easy to open and close.The whole caddy seems fairly sturdy, should you want to transport the cake to another location.  It seems to be well made.I really would have preferred something that wasn't plastic, like a glass cake stand with a dome, which looks much nicer left out on the counter, but when I read the reviews they don't seem to keep things fresh, so I passed on that idea.  The reviews for this product were excellent.It will serve my needs fine.  It's fine, for what it is.  Be prepared tho to need alot of room on your counter for this.  You will need it.The shipping and delivery of this item was very fast too.
It is always a chore to take a cake anywhere outside your home, or if you are fortunate enough to have left-over cake , how to keep it fresh. We can cover with aluminum foil or plastic wrap, but , then, each one sticks. A dilemma we all face. The glass cake holders are perfect for home use, but what if the cake needs refrigeration.I searched on Amazon, and I found this Wilton Cake Caddy to fit the bill for me. I live alone, and I am not going to eat an entire cake. So, when I make a cake or cupcakes, I want to take the cake to an event. This caddy had 3 locking latches that hold the base securely in pace. There is a great handle that is secure.so, for transporting a cake or dessert, this caddy is perfect. If I want to keep the cake on the counter, this caddy covers it well and keeps it fresh. The same can be said about a caddy that works well in the refrigerator. I make a cake with a whipped cream frosting, and this is perfect for the fridge.The elegant base is approximately 13 in. diameter and holds and stores up to 10 in. round cake or pie, cupcakes, cookies and more. I always put a little frosting on the base and then frost the cake, it keeps it from sliding. This is a perfect caddy for most anything that needs to be covered. Much more useful for many food items.I also think this is a perfect gift. Often, you only think about the need for a cake caddy when you need it right then. I have the perfect people to give it to!Highly Recommended. prisrob 03-12-13
Note that a lot of the reviews are talking about a foil cutter... which mine did not come with. Instead mine has the oversized rubber handle that OXO is known for.So far, more bottles than I care to count, its worked without a problem. No broken corks, and plastic seems to work just fine. Its smooth and easy. I love that its free standing, it looks greating sitting on my make-shift bar in the kitchen.I wish it had a bottle opener on it somewhere, alas it does not. Also I suppose real steal couldnt be cast as easily, and would be more expensive, but on other consumer products im very opposed to zinc as it seems to fracture easily.Overall, OXO has yet to dissapoint me with any product in the past couple years, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that this stout, good looking corkscrew will hold up. I will update if it fails to live up to my high expectations.
Nice design, and mine appears to be metal not plastic.  However, I am not a corkscrew snob.  I am content with my waiter's corkscrew and my Swiss Army knife's corkscrew.Having said that, I think this is a wonderful item to add to a bottle of wine when you are bringing a gift.  Extra corkscrews may come in handy.
I have used OXO products in the past, and they are usually great quality, but this piece is not as good as other products from them. If you only drink wine once a month or so, this is an okay piece. It gets the cork out with ease and without breaking it. OXO makes a better corkscrew with a rubber handle and cutter. If you open wine bottles on a regular basis, I would recommend that one instead.
First impression is that the corkscrew is very heavy.  Not much plastic on this thing, all the main parts being made out of metal, should be something that keeps performing.  In closed state it can be set on a bar/counter and pulls all the sharp things inside of it, with the wings down.  To use it easily opens open, and does it's job.  There are probably many hundreds of corkscrews that are smaller/electric/fancier/more gimmicky/etc but this one is solid, its a good price, and is a solid performer.
I was a bit concerned after reading the other reviews that this item wouldn't hold up to the OXO standards I've come to expect but from the time I picked it up out of the shipping box I felt much better. It's very heavy, it's definitely solid metal. You should note however that it's not steel, if you notice on the package there is a TM next to Steel, it's one of OXO's lines, not designating that this item is stainless steel, the back of the package actually says that it's "sturdy die cast zinc construction". It does have a very shiny silver finish, time will tell how it holds up to wear and tear.It functions the same as any other winged corkscrew I've owned and used, the corkscrew itself is nice and wide which in my experience means less likely of pulling out of a extremely well placed rock and less chance you'll have to reinsert it and possibly break apart the cork.The main reason I'm using this to replace my still functional off brand of similar design is that I have small children (and a clumsy husband) and in our new home we only have one big drawer for utensils. My old corkscrew protruded from the bottom even when the wings were down meaning a sharp dangerous point was just waiting form someone to dig through the drawer and get jabbed. The OXO version not only is contained when the wings are down but it's also free standing, which means I can just leave it sitting in the corner of the counter where it is easy to find! (though I have to admit, it looks a bit like an angry shiny mantis sitting there LOL)The standard OXO grip is appreciated and all in all I'm very happy with it, hope the finish holds up to standard use and will update if it doesn't.
I already owned a similar corkscrew with the wings and guide to open wine bottles because I've never been any good at using the more traditional corkscrews.  The one I already owned works great but has a couple of drawbacks:  it's HUGE, I frequently drill through the bottom of the cork, and it's easy to poke yourself when digging around in a drawer to find it.  I like the OXO Steel Winged Corkscrew as well as my old one but there are some differences.  It's small and compact.  The screw stays in the shaft when stored so you don't have to worry about poking yourself with it. It keeps you from drilling through the bottom of the cork.  However, OXO's corkscrew has a large screw and the old one has a smaller auger.  The result is that the old one makes a small hole in the cork while the OXO version pretty much took a plug out of the top of the cork.  Also, the old one has a rubber guide inside the shaft to make it easier to line up.  This could be a drawback if you have a larger bottle though.  I do like the see through shaft and it helped me to see how much cork I had pulled out of the bottle before pushing down on the wings to complete the job.  I didn't try the cutter because there isn't one but this would have been a really nice feature.  All in all I think the OXO Corkscrew will replace my old one in the drawer and the old one will find its way to a garage sale.
It works as advertised. Other reviewers have mentioned about the material not being steel, but die-cast zinc etc, but the stuff is heavy, and definitely feels sturdy and well-made.I did not face problems in opening wine bottles.The cork-screw is not too hard on the hands and because of its heft and smooth materials, works painlessly.Mind you, that it does not come with any instructions on how to use, so just google how to use a cork-screw or see some youtube video.
I looked at the reviews,and I read Cook's Illustrated for their suggestions. This was the kind of cookie sheet that was recommended.This cookie sheet holds a lot of cookies. It does not buckle or make that whoop noise when you put it in a hot oven. It bakes evenly, browns nicely and within the amount if time suggested by the recipes. The cookies come off the cookie sheet cleanly after they have cooled. I usually use parchment paper, and there is not much of a mess to clean post cooking.All in all, this cookie sheet is the bet for the price.Recommended. prisrob 04-03-13
Works fine and is lightweight. It does have a tenancy to change get water stains after a few washes but I would recommend them. They are a great price.
When this came out of the box I was amazed at how heavy-duty it is.  Very strong stainless steel and all welds appear solid.  The three grates offer good options for degree of puree of foods.  The scraper attachment on the bottom works well and is a great idea.  Tomato seeds did not get through the smallest disk.  However, the piece that pushes food into the grinder/pressure plate needs a steeper angle to pull in better.  I also found that larger, more solid, parts of the tomatoes built up underneath the grinder plate (the tomatoes were simmered 20-30 minutes before processing so they were soft).  I don't have a lot of experience using a food mill, so maybe they are all this way and I might have been expecting too much.  If the manufacturer does happen to read reviews, this intended as a constructive suggestion to possibly make the Food Mill work better.  I was getting frustrated at how I had to use a spoon to push food into the feeding edge, then also push it out from under the narrower end that pushes food through the grate.  (I entirely disassembled and cleaned it after every batch processed. It is very easy to clean.)  Again, maybe they are all that way.  If it had fed the food through better it would definitely get five stars as it is VERY well made.  It holds a generous two quarts of food product.  I would definitely recommend it to friends and family.  Maybe my problem was just the type of tomatoes I was using.  After using it for apples in a day or two I will update this if it works better.  But, I do love it!11/8/2012:  Update:  The more I use this the more I like it.  I believe the problem the first time or two was the tomatoes and not the food mill.  The tomatoes had incredibly tough center core-type material.  No problems since.  With the padded hook on one side and a long padded handle on the opposite side, it fits on a wide range of bowl/pan sizes.  It is pretty stable while operating.  Recently made apple, plum, and blackberry fruit butters with great success; very smooth processed fruits.  Tiny raspberry and strawberry seeds did not get through the smallest grater disk.10/2/2013 Update:  Love it, love it, love it!!!  I'm finding myself using this more than the food processor or blender for fruit and vegetable straining, juicing, or even just to get a 'mashed' texture from foods.  This is incredibly well built; stands up to squishing juice out of pomegranates and leaving the seeds (seeds removed from the heavy fruit pods first).  I can truly see this lasting for generations of use in food preparation, especially jam and jellies, syrups, etc.  Thank you!!!
At the end of every summer, I go into tomato sauce mode, and at the beginning of every fall, I go into applesauce mode; until I received this food mill, I used my KitchenAid mixer fruit and vegetable strainer.  This year, I put the Cuisipro Food Mill to the test.First, the basics:  This food mill is constructed out of sturdy stainless steel, with rubberized (that is, no slip) plastic in the handles.  It comes with three different size mill disks, from fine to coarse, and a plastic, clothes-pin-like clip to hold everything together and to scrape off the food coming through the bottom.  Although it doesn't claim to be dishwasher-safe, I see no reason that it would not be given the materials (except for the scraper clip.)  But it doesn't really matter since it cleans up easily and assembles/disassembles just as easily.Next, the operation:  If you are processing soft foods, the handle cranks with minimal effort, and the blade sweeps over the bottom fairly efficiently, although ricing potatoes would probably take more force.  You hook it over a large bowl, and move the handle in a circular motion.  The milled food comes out the bottom.  It couldn't be simpler.  I discovered a small drawback here:  the peels get jammed under the blade, and I cannot remove them without disassembling the whole unit.  Also, the mill can also grind the peels so that tiny bits end up in the finished product.KitchenAid mill versus the Cuisipro:  The obvious difference is price and strength since the KitchenAid has a motor behind it.  In terms of the results, I found that the Cuisipro ground up more skins than the KitchenAid did.  Despite the jammed skins under the Cuisipro blade, the Cuisipro is far easier to clean after use, and I can choose the coarseness of the mill because of the three plates.Conclusion:  If you already own the KitchenAid mixer and if you expect to make a lot of sauce, you might want to consider buying the attachments, although you have to buy two: the grinder AND the fruit strainer.  If you want to a food mill that doubles as a potato ricer, get the Cuisipro.  If you want to save money (or don't have a KitchenAid), get the Cuisipro.  And if you only occasionally need a mill, get the Cuisipro.  It works well and has a solid construction to last for a long time.  My only worry is that I'll lose the scraper clip -- and the mill is useless without it.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
right. i love my Cuisinart and my stick blender. Both of them have a way to turning solids into semi-liquids that''s fast and brutal. The problem with the machine approach is that your only control is judicious timing of the blade. Sometimes you can have a product that's a mixture of too-fine and too-coarse.So it's best to use the machines when you want complete purees.Food mills are ideal if you want to retain some texture-think vegetables for stew, potatoes or other root vegetables as a side dish and so on. Select the right strainer plate and process once. You can't over- or under-process-it's always consistent.The only two drawbacks are that this food mill is slightly annoying to clean and the pin that holds the strainer plate in place seems likely to give out well before the rest of the unit. In spite of that, if you want a wider range of textures in your processed food, this is the way to go. Compare with the old-fashionedMirro 50024 Foley 2-Quart Stainless Steel Food Mill Cookware, Silver.
A food mill is one of those tools I don't use very often, but I'm glad to have one when I need it. Making apple sauce, mashed potatoes, or separating seeds and skins from tomatoes are good uses for a food mill.A bowl-shaped hopper holds the food. The mill sits over a separate bowl which catches the milled food. A hand-driven crank pushes an angled paddle, which forces the food in the hopper through a disk. The disk, perforated with colander like holes strains the food and separates out the unwanted bits such as seeds, skins, etc. This mill includes three interchangeable disks in sizes, 2mm, 3mm, and 4mm, which allow you to choose a finer or coarser result. After use, it comes apart easily for cleaning.This is a heavy and sturdy product and is best suited to processing larger quantities of food. It's great for turning a garden full of tomatoes into tomato sauce or a tree full of apples into apple sauce. To make a family sized batch of mashed potatoes for an evening dinner, I find it quicker and easier to use my ricer.
A food mill is a pretty specific item to have in your kitchen.  If you aren't regularly making pumpkin pies, jams, gnocchi, apple butter, and the like, then you probably don't need one.  Me, along with the above I love making handmade ketchups, BBQ sauces, and pasta sauces. And even though I love my KitchenAid, for tomatoes with all of their skins and seeds and such a food processer just doesn't do the trick. All it does is hack things to tiny, tiny pieces instead of true milling.Up till now, I have had the food mill I inherited from my grandmother, a massive cone shaped thing that works like a mortar and pestle. Lots of muscle involved.  So I was thrilled to try out a more technologically advanced version that could make my kitchen life a little easier.So far, I have done a batch of ketchup, Asian pears, and some squash through this "Cuisipro Deluxe Food Mill," and I am thrilled with its performance.  It is much easier to work than my old clunker, and it does an excellent job of milling.  It separates the solids from tomatoes leaving me with a perfect ketchup consistency. It tore through the squash leaving it perfect for baking. And the Asian pears turned into a lovely pear butter. Yum!  Full marks there.As to the construction, the Cuisipro is nice and solid, made from stainless steel and I am confident it will have a long lifespan in my kitchen.  It's expensive, but a quality item that will last.  About the only issue you might have is finding a bowl the right size to use it with.  I have a nice, heavy ceramic mixing bowlthat was a good fit, but I was lucky I already owned it.  The mill comes with a little plastic "sweeper" tool that is supposed to help in cleanup, but I found that to be more of a gadget than anything else.  I used it once to give it a try and then tossed it to the back of my utilities drawer.  Hand-washing works just find, especially as the dies can be taken out and washed separately.The mill is fairly big, so if you have a small kitchen you might have to work to accommodate it.  I had to move some stuff around, and toss some old things I wasn't using anymore, before I found it a home. But overall I love it. Love the ease of use. Love the cleanup. Love the results. Having this I am actually more inspired to make some of the foods that I love, knowing I won't have to spend so much time powering through Granny's old food mill.  Sorry Granny! I loved your tools, but technology wins.
Who doesn't love a good popsicle in the summer?!?  We wanted to try making our own, and these work great.  The size is a bit on the large side, especially for kiddos, but I love being able to control what goes into the pop.  We've tried pureed fruit with yogurt and various fruit juices, and they worked like a charm for many uses.  They sit nicely in the freezer, but do take up a good deal of room.  My only issue has been with the outer covering - after many washes and cycles through the freezer, it started looking brittle and one of them cracked when we took a pop out of it.  For the price, it's still worthwhile.
This is a great tool if you want a no fuss way of coring pineapple.  The tool takes some getting use to in the sense that you have push down while turning.  If you don't push at all or push lightly, you will fray the pineapple--this is the only reason I rated it a 4. My boyfriend loved it so much he bought one after he used mine.
This is not a high-end item. Construction-wise, you get what you pay for.However, it does what it says it'll do. The design works. I cut through a pineapple quickly and efficiently. I really like this little tool because we make smoothies a lot, and pineapple is a wonderful addition.Instructions are not included, but it's fairly self-explanatory. Shipping is slow, but they do warn you about that. Overall, very happy with this $5.00 purchase.
This is a really neat kitchen device, I am very much so a kitchen gadget junkie, so I thrive off of things like this. I am still trying to learn how to complete the cycle. This works best on smaller pineapples and if you are like my mother, this might not be for you because it does leave some extra pineapple on the skin (which I don't mind, I just use this and then scrape the sides when I am done). My only complaint is that this is very cheaply made. It looks nice but when you hold it, it is clearly lighter than a box of foil and the handle is a cheap plastic. It does what it says it does, so I'm not complaining and it's pretty neat. I love the pattern, perfect for Thanksgiving or any time you are going to be showcasing food, it literally looks like you took them right out the can.
Wow, I am amazed how this kitchen tool works.  It cuts through the pineapple like butter and cuts in perfect width.  I used to peel pineapple in the traditional way using a knife.  Cutting diagonally along the eyes.  Now the trick for this tool is to prep it.  Make sure to cut the bottom so that the pineapple sits with its core perpendicular to the table; also cut the crown.  Place the corer on top and start twisting with a slight downward push.  But first, place it on a bowl because juices will come out as you twist; this will prevent the mess.  To remove the pineapple, remove the handle and push out the pineapple.  I had a bit of trouble removing the handle because of the clip, it is a little bit stiff.I took one star because it is obvious that the quality is cheap.  The handle also needs to have an easier way for removal.  Good value for the price at under six bucks (when I bought it).  I would pay a few more dollars for a better quality product.  But if you want something that just works at a good price tag.  Here it is.
This pineapple slicer was a gift, and I had forgotten I had one. While cleaning a drawer, I found this and the next time I went to the market, I purchased a fresh pineapple.I have some strength issues, but found this Pineapple Slicer was so easy and quick! You slice the top of the pineapple, line the slicer in the middle, press in, turn, turn, turn, turn.....to almost the bottom. Then do not push any further and just turn and pull it out. So very easy. You can use again if you want to go all the way to the bottom. I took leftover pineapple and squeezed with just my hands, an additional 8 oz. of fresh pineapple juice.  I find I am now eating more fresh pineapple.Recommended. prisrob 08-29-13
Pros:Easy to use.Just the right ammount of coffee.Simple clean up.Good Selection of coffees.Great Customer Support.Cons:Coffee is a little weak, need to use two pods if you want it stongPods can be hard to find and expensive if not ordered from Amazon [...]Broke within two months. (Wouldnt register Pod, went through all the troubleshooting, but 'K' sent out a replacement ASAP and no problems since.This is the perfect at work coffee maker or for someone who's the only coffee drinker at home. Its great for the coffee drinker who values ease of use slightly ahead of taste. The coffee could be a little stronger.Go with the bold stuff even if you like mild coffees!
I recently received this coffee maker as a gift.  I love it!  It brews quickly and the coffee is the perfect temperature for sipping.  The K-kup variety pack is awesome, as it allows for experimentation before making a commitment to a specific flavor.  I have even found hot chocolate and green tea  K-kups!The "con" is that I drink a lot of coffee so the Kurig isn't very economical, however it is perfect to keep in my office at work; I can have coffee without brewing an entire pot.  I am disappointed that the K-kup filter wasn't included.  It seems like it should be. So  If you buy the machine, don't forget to purchase the little filter.Overall a great product.