This product works great, if the unit kept in the freezer for long enough, the consistency of the ice cream gets very good. It's easy to clean as well. I bought an ice cream maker so I could use organic ingredients, and everything has turned out fantastic so far. I have no complaints.
After trying other ice cream makers with mixed results (due to design flaws or machine failure), I decided to try the Cuisinart machine and have been VERY happy with it.  We've been using this for almost two years with no problems and are pleased with the design.  The running noise sounds like a small motor, neiterh jarringly loud nor quiet as a whisper.Keep the bowl in the freezer if you want to be able to make ice cream or frozen yogurt on a whim.  Cleanup is very easy, and the ice cream is comparable to soft serve when you're first done making it or you can freeze it for an hour or two if you want it to be more solid.  It's great to make any flavor you want any time, and to be able to control the fat content and quality of the ingredients.The booklet included contains about 20 recipes plus variations, including a number of ice creams, frozen lemonade, frozen pudding, frozen yogurts, several fruit sorbets and a couple of frozen  potent potables. These basic recipes are good and will get you started, but there are also some very good books of recipes available, such as The Ultimate Ice Cream Book.A very good, dependable machine.  Highest recommendation.
I bought this ice cream maker last summer and ended up not using it much because of time constraints.  This summer however, has been a different story and I have loved making ice cream with it.This machine is so versatile and convenient, you will be using it to make ice cream all the time--for parties, for yourself, anytime.  The only effort required from you is making your base mix (custard, sorbet, whatever you want basically) then you put the liquid mix into the cold bowl and turn the machine on.  No additional effort is required--until you're ready to turn the machine off and eat 20 minutes later!  The machine has a convenient opening on its top so you can add mix ins as your ice cream starts to freeze, or so you can just watch your liquid mix turn from liquid to wonderful ice cream.The only warning I would issue with this machine is that the freezer bowl is pretty big, so if you have a small freezer or one packed with food it may be hard to make space for it.  The bowl MUST be frozen for 18-24 hours before use to get a good freeze for your ice cream, so being able to store this bowl in the freezer is critical to getting good results.
This is THE BEST fool proof way of making ice cream.  No more messing with salt and ice cubes--this maker has a special bowl that you keep in the freezer that freezes the ingredients (mine is always frozen so whenever I want to make ice cream I can). This machine comes with a pretty thorough booklet with ice cream recipes in it but you can make "frozen ANYTHING" with this maker.  Did you know that you could make frozen pudding? The ice cream technique that Cuisinart has perfected of a constant scraping of the sides of the bowl assures that your ice cream is super smooth too. Make as little or as much as over a quart at a time.  Great machine!  I've had mine for about six years and use it about once a month and it is still as quiet as the day I bought it.
I'm the author of Lick It! Creamy Dreamy Vegan Ice Creams Your Mouth Will Love and this is the ice cream maker that I use. It's easy to use, makes great ice cream, is fairly quiet. I've had it for about 5 years and have made a LOT of ice cream with it and it's still going strong.
COMPARISON:Cuisinart Automatic 1.5 qtthe Rival Gel Canister, and theRival Electric 4&6 qt iceI have had quite the experience with ice cream makers lately and am happy to pass on my own comparison.I actually bought the Rival Electric 6qt ice on a whim when I passed by it in the store. This is the same one as the 4qt. ice cream maker that uses rock salt and ice, just larger. (I know it's the same because the inlaws have the 4qt.  It was on sale at Wal-Mart and even cheaper than Amazon.I then exchanged the above ice cream maker, after issues I will get to, for the Rival Gel.You'll notice, however, I have the "verified purchase stamp" on my review of the Cuisinart 1.5 qt automatic ice cream maker. That's because I gave up with Rival after continued problems with my first two ice cream makers and ordered the Cuisinart from Amazon. It's a keeper. However, you may actually prefer one of the other ones I used more if your needs are different from my own so I'll break down my experiences and you can decide:But first...some TROUBLESHOOTING that may help you regardless of the ice cream maker you choose. Is your icecream more of a milkshake than ice cream? I have some chef tips:1.Never put in chunky ingredients from the beginning. They don't allow the butterfat to freeze correctly. They need to be added at the end (chocolate chips, fruit, etc.)Soy milk? No problem.2.Never use imitation vanilla extract. It contains propylene glycol which not only isn't as good as regular vanilla, it prevents milk and cream from freezing well. Use pure vanilla only.3.Your ingredients should be cold prior to adding them to the ice cream maker.4.If you have an electric ice cream maker it needs to be on and spinning prior to putting the ingredients in. If you add the ingredients first and then turn it on, the edges will freeze first to the bowl and your middle won't catch up. (Unfortunately you can't do this on the Rival 4 and 6 qt electric so it always wound up a little runny for me.)5.If you use an electric gel-bowl ice cream maker the bowl should be stored at the back of your freezer where it is coldest. If your freezer is full of other foods, it will actually be colder than if it is empty so an empty freezer may mean you need to freeze your gel-filled ice cream bowl longer.6.Cream has a higher butterfat content than milk so it begins to melt far faster and will take longer to freeze so you will see differences from soy milk, milk, non-fat milk etc.ICE CREAM CAPACITY:Rival Electric (RE) 4 or 6 qts, depending upon which model you choose.Rival Gel (RG) one quartCuisinart Automatic (CA) 1.5 qtsNOISE LEVEL:RE: loud; cannot hold a conversation in the same room it's inRG: loud; cannot hold a convesation in the same room it's inCA: surprisingly quiet...not silent but quite a purr compared to the other two.BUILD:RE: Cheaply made which wound up being our problem. The outside core is a very flimsy plastic. Thinner than my Tupperware. Not only did this not insulate the ice well which resulted in fast melting, it also wore down after a week of the motor popping out of the locked position and it's flexibility allowed pieces of ice to get lodged in the sides and make the motor stop. This is so common that it says in the owner's manual that when it does this you need to stop it and move the ice. This means you always need to be watching it during making. Happens on both size models which is why I had to exchange this originally for the gel model at Wal-mart. That flimsy plastic wore down after just one week from the motor popping off of the lock sockets.RG: Made better than the other model except the top leaves air in too close to ice cream which means it doesn't freeze as well and the fill hole is on an angle rather than top and is very small so ingredients spill easily.CA: I like the make, compact so no warm air is inside, sturdy, stores more easily with cord compartment, heavy-duty with no flimsiness or easily broken parts.CONCEPT:RE: Winds up costing more due to needing to buy rock salt and crushed ice each time. The manual states to use crushed ice only and this is because the top pops off easily and ice can get lodged between spinning bowl and the side. For some crazy reason, the paddle doesn't spin, the bowl does which means it makes the ice migrate and melt easily. Rock salt should not go down your sink so we would also walk it outside to the street. You don't want it in your yard either. Very messy with all the rock salt and ice being poured in while running in comparison to the other two models.RG: Freeze the gel bowl for about 24 hours and use no rock salt or ice.CA: Same as the RG.ISSUES:RE: Had lots of problems with having to fool with it during the process to make it work right, turns off automatically even if the icecream is runny when it senses the edges are done.RG: Motor overheats easily and when it does this it turns off automatically and won't allow you to start it again for another 20 minutes. An ice cream maker isn't needed to mix ingredients but to whip air into it so it doesn't freeze as an ice block but instead becomes fluffy. This means you ruin your mix and have to start over. They need a more powerful motor to avoid this rather than an auto shut off which ruins your batch.CA: Does not turn off automatically and has never overheated. If you need more freezing time, you can just keep on going.  I haven't yet had any problems with my Cuisinart but will report back if one comes up.TIME NEEDED TO WORK:RE: Usually 50 minRG:  Usually 35 to 38 minCA:  Usually 20 to 30 minThe time will vary per ingredients.  I based the above all on my plain vanilla recipe.All models come with a basic recipe book but they are so basic you'll probably want a good ice cream recipe book.  I love the Ben and Jerrys one because it's not just recipes, but goes into the science of making the perfect bowl too.  The Cuisinart has the nutritionals to every recipe, the Rival doesn't.  You probably don't want to see the calories of ice cream anyway. Especially chocolate!WARRANTY:RE 1 yearRG 1 yearCA  3 yearsICE CREAM CONSISTENCY:RE: I was very disappointed in the Rival Electric.  It runs until it senses the outside edges are done but this left my inside ice cream edges not whipped. It says to get it hard you should freeze it for 4 hours but the next day, since air wasn't whipped in, it left it a block of ice and I couldn't even scoop it. Because of this and then the plastic lock in wearing out is why I returned it for the Rival Gel.RG: I got a good batch but it was still softer than I wanted, however the next 2 times the motor got hot and, as per the owners manual, apparently this design flaw is common enough that it turns itself off when this happens and won't start again for another 20 min leaving me with 2 bad batches so I returned it.CA: If you like yours soft, 20 min seems to work well for that but I usually go all the way to 30 min to get the perfect consistency of whipped air into the icecream allowing it to be soft but still easily scooped days later.  Even on high butterfat ice cream recipes we had a perfect consistency so I fell in love with this one. That was the main thing for me, to get a good whipped up ice cream. Not an icy one even days later. This one is advertised as having a "heavy duty motor" which may mean the difference in it not overheating.CLEANING: Owners manual of all say to clean parts in warm soapy water, not the dishwasher.CONCLUSION: Although the Rival Electric holds more ice cream which is perfect if you are making it for a big crowd, I have had no negative results with the Cuisinart since I ordered it while the other makers were returned to the store...and I rarely return anything. However, it's also possible I just got unlucky so if you want a large capacity and have easier access than I do to crushed ice, it might be worth a try.For me, the Cusinart 1.5 qt is just the right size to keep the ice cream fresh for us before it's time to make another batch. For a large family, it may not work, but we nibble on it for a week then make another batch and that works great for us and since the consistency and motor where better than the Rival Gel for me this remains my pick.
I usually just make ice cream, yogurt, or sorbet during the summer months only, but still I am so happy that this is still going strong; thisCuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1-1/2-Quart Ice-Cream Maker, Whitehas outlasted my expectations as well as exceeded my expectations.  I purchased ICE-20FR on February 6, 2002 from Amazon for $29.99 re-conditioned and I am so happy I discovered it on Amazon and tried it!  I recommend buying a second bowlCuisinart 1-1/2-Quart Additional Freezer Bowl, fits ICE-20 Ice Cream Makerto freeze so that way you can always be ready to make another flavor; when I purchased mine they were $29.99 as well!  Also presentation is fun so check outAnchor Hocking Tulip Sundae Fountainware, Clear, Set of 12.  When/if my ever breaks, I would buy another one on amazon PRONTO.  I don't remember ever having a single problem with it not freezing but I use very natural healthy products and it sounds like some other reviewers were unknowingly putting anti-freeze in theirs not being aware of it.  I most often don't follow a recipe but simply create my own.  My easiest creation is simply pouring in half a quart of Blueberry Pomegranate Cultured Goat Milk Kefir and that froze fine and was great!  I also often use coconut milk, some sweetener choice, and a flavor!  I add fresh fruits in the ice cream or afterwards as topping.  I don't think I ever threw out any of my creations and I am very picky and do throw out other non-frozen recipes.  I think my secret is to taste it before freezing it; if you don't like it the taste unfrozen, you won't like it frozen!
I received this item for Christmas.  I wanted it so I could make more natural ice cream without all those additives.  I used a simple recipe from off the web: Some whole milk, condesed milk, and cocoa powder.  At first it was a failure because I only froze the container for 5 hours.  It didn't swish when I shook it, so I thought I was good to go.  After nearly 2 hours I just had cold ingrediants.  I put them in the fridge and froze the container overnight and restarted in the morning.  After only 30 minutes I had some of the most amazing ice cream I have ever had.  I will never buy ice cream from the store again.  This ice cream maker is awesome, I love it.
I used to own a White Mountain hand crank ice cream maker -- I figured that was the only "real" way to make ice cream, rock salt and all. I bought this device and raced them head to head and the next week the hand crank maker was out by the curb for trash collection!This thing works GREAT! Use your imagination and try some fresh fruit sorbets, make a simple syrup and then freeze it with lime juice, for instance -- it's incredible! I find that using instant espresso powder gives me a real coffee flavor kick when I make coffee ice cream. And there's a recipe in the included booklet for Jell-O Pudding Ice Cream, which my kids rave about.I found some apricot juice at the market and used it in the ice cream maker -- it turned out some gourmet-like apricot sorbet! WOW!!!I tend to avoid the heavy cream called for in the recipes and use at most half and half with milk. Too much milkfat tastes gross. Too little tastes icy and awful.It's simple, it works well, it's not all that expensive and the ice cream you'll make is easily better than the most expensive storebought ice cream available! The machine has a small footprint and the only noise it makes is kind of a "rawr rawr rawr" as it rotates the central vessel. All you have to do is mix the ice cream base, pour it in the machine and flip the switch!
I tried this for Dr. Atkins &quot;diet&quot; ice cream (egg custard sweetened with artificial sweetner) and was surprised how well it worked. The freezer is a variation on the popular &quot;Donvier&quot; type ice cream makers with a cold insert that is previously frozen and a churn paddle that stirs the mixture and shell-freezes it to the sides of the cold container. But instead of hand-cranking the shell-frozen ice cream, the Cuisinart has a well-designed paddle that is angled perfectly to scrape the ice cream off the sides as it freezes. In 20 minutes, you have a frozen treat that is ok for low-carb diets if you follow the recipe.A couple of hints; I froze the container well in advance, and after making the ice cream, I washed, dried and froze it again for its next use. The ice cream custard was cooled to room temp and I used a dairy thermometer to measure the temperature. Chilling the custard would have resulted in an even firmer mass, but I was impatient. In either case, non-sugar ice cream will set up very hard in the freezer, so it's best to consume it on the same day you freeze it, and serve it soon after you make it.This is a very economical alternative to expensive freezers with built-in refrigeration, and works much better than the hand version of the device.
Just had our first batch of ice cream from this product. All I can say is "WOW". Easy to use, great end results and fun. My husband couldn't tell the difference between this ice cream and the store bought kinds. I would highly recommend this to anyone for ease of use and cleanup.
This is a very simple machine that does what it's supposed to with very little fuss.  I put the frozen bowl part in our upright freezer at least a few hours before I expect to make ice cream.  I make the custard for the ice cream at the same time.  After dinner, I put the frozen part on the stand, put in the mixing blade and top with the lid.  Then I pour the custard in and 20-30 minutes later we enjoy fresh ice cream with no additives.  If you want ice cream that is harder than soft serve, it will need to "ripen" a bit more in your freezer.  But this is a delightful machine that I highly recommend.  I never made ice cream before it, and never want to buy it from a grocery again.
I bought this ice cream maker after I took an Ice Cream, Gelato and Sorbet class at Sur La Table cooking store.  Because we were making so many different types of desserts, we had several ice cream makers working in the classroom at the same time.  This ice cream maker was by far my favorite that day and I bought it about a week later.I liked the ease of adding ingredients through the opening on the top and the size is perfect for me.I have used my new ice cream maker with no problems.  The bowl froze easily (probably in less than 24 hours) in the bottom and back of the freezer.  Within about 20 minutes, I had wonderfully frozen ice cream.I certainly plan on getting more adventurous with my ingredients and do not anticipate any problems with this wonderful machine.
Lets start by saying I hate gadjets, took me years to buy a food processor. But my sister is on chemo, and I found out she dislikes the taste of commercial ice cream, even the expensive stuff. SO I bought this , and made a batch of strawbeerry, an instant hit.the machine is easy to use,and it arrived in the mail in one day!! I followed all the reviews that said "chill everything" be careful not to over fill, it makes a bit of mess, and have nice strawberry ice cream , and the bowl is cold in six hours, so I will make peach tonight.I can see this machine is a winner, sorbet and fresh fruit ice cream, with less sugar and no preservatives will capitvate us all summer.( and four sessions of chemo).oh, I borrowed the ben and jerrys book from the library, and now need a copy, its easy and not confusing at all. I love to cook, but don't need complicated cooking with a sick sister.**** for fathers day I made a 1/2 batch of strawberry ice cream, prechilled the cream mix, added strwberries the last 2 minutes and we had perfect  ice cream out of the mixer.***so PRECHILL THE CREAM BASE, AND ADD FRUIT AT THE LAST SECOND AND DO NOT OVERLOAD THE MACHINE.
This is our 2nd Cuisinart ice cream maker. We lost a part on our first during a move, tried a couple alternate brands, and ended up buying another Cuisinart as the other brands just didn't work as well for us.We found that the bowl on this brand seems to freeze more solid, thus making thicker ice cream despite the ambient temperature of the room. The others we used would barely hit super soft serve on hot days, whereas this will get to super thick soft serve.Additionally, it just seems to be more sturdy and the motor isn't quite as loud as the others we'd tried (but it's not whisper soft by any means)In addition, we're dairy free, so have to make non-animal milk ice creams. We reverse engineered coconut bliss coconut ice cream (coconut milk based) and it is incredibly good! Everyone we've made it for has loved it - even die hard "real" ice cream fans!Here is our recipe for those interested:Note: This recipe is sized to work in this specific Cuisinart home ice cream maker & makes about a pint and a half or so...one big and one little can of coconut milkvanilla 1 tspagave 3 1/2 tbsp, and 9 drops of stevia (to decrease the overall sugars)4 tbsp cocoa powder (we use raw, organic)1/4 tsp Himalayan pink salt1/2 tsp hazelnut or almond extract (makes the overall flavor more rich and full)optional - 2 tbsp of kefir or yogurt (we use coconut milk kefir - gives an added richness)Stir all in a bowl until well mixed, add to ice cream maker bowl, turn on and proceed as usual.  YUM!!(no cooking or creepy ingredients required!)
I bought 2 of these so I would always have one chilled and ready to go. I really like how fast it makes ice cream. I use both of the bowls and keep the second unit in storage as a replacement when this one wears out. Its not that much more to buy 2 units compared with buying an extra freezer bowl. So I should be making frozen desserts for years.I also make frozen yogurt and pudding ice cream. The texture is just right when its finished. I added frozen fruit at the end and it was great.It does get firmer if you put it into the freezer. So I put it into individual portions and that way I don't have to deal with a block.Clean up is easy
One of the best things about homemade ice cream and ice is that they seem to encourage people to join in making them. When I first started using mine for dinner parties, I would apologetically excuse myself, duck in the kitchen, muffle the noise of the freezer with a towel and scoot back every so often to check on progress.What I discovered was that people like to gather around the thing while it's running, so now I simply hand people a drink while I get the ingredients and we all stand around watching dessert happen.This last-minute approach has another advantage: it gives you incredible freedom when it comes to recipes. You see, the chemistry of freezing foods has its own set of built-in limits. You need to add appropriate amounts of sugar and alcohol to lower the freezing point of your mixture so that you get an ice and not an ice cube*.Making your ice just before you serve it allows you a lot of freedom. Since you'll be serving it right away, you can stop the machine whenever the mixture looks right. The whole process is really easy, so if you buy an extra bowl, you can experiment with  different flavors in one meal or even try some unsweetened ices in the middle of a meal. (Cucumber puree frozen with mint in the middle of a July 4th dinner turns out to be a million times better than it sounds.)Be sure to allow enough time beforehand  for bowls to chill in the freezer and make sure all ingredients are cold before you start.Lynn Hoffman, author of The New Short Course in Wine*A great source of explanation of freezing foods and some recipes is Harold McGee's The Curious Cook.
I ordered the Cuisinart Ice Cream maker after reading all of the reviews on Amazon and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made.  To be honest, I thought that making home-made ice cream would be just too  difficult, but with the Cuisinart, I've made it three times in the past  week.  You simple mix-up the ingredients, chill, and then pour into the  pre-frozen bowl.  Perfect every time.  I highly recommend the book,  &quot;Gelato! : Italian Ice Cream, Sorbetti &amp; Granite&quot; by Pamela  Sheldon Johns as a great add-on.  I ordered the book with the hope of being  able to duplicate the Stracciatella(?) Gelato I had while on vacation in  Italy.  The recipe was simple (heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla, and  shaved chocolate) and the results were fabulous.This machine would  make a great gift as well!
LOVE this ice cream maker.  I keep the bowl in the freezer in a plastic bag as recommended so it's ready when we are. Doesn't take up much room. It's the perfect size for my husband and me.  Have used the basic vanilla receipe in the instruction book with excellent results.  IT's SO EASY! I like that the top is open so I can add things, like fresh strawberries to the batch as it freezes.  I admit I wasn't sure it would work the first time, it seemed too easy, but sure enough in 25 minutes we were in ice cream heaven.  We like to transfer the ice cream to a tupperware container and stick it in the freezer for an hour or so before eating so it's firmer, but if we can't wait....  I'm sending my daughter one for a gift.  We might use our old salt and ice freezer for a planter or something.
I've been making homemade ice cream since 1985 when I got my Waring Ice Cream Parlor machine and the Ben & Jerry book as a birthday present. Twenty-five years later, I donated the Waring machine because I no longer had the patience to bother with all that sloppy ice cube & salty mess! (Machine still worked; donated it to my church). I did tons of online research and hands down, THIS machine got top ratings no matter what site I visited. Some places offer a 2nd bowl for an additional price but I knew I wouldn't need that much ice cream. VERY QUIET and made the 2nd batch of peach ice cream in record time; set timer for 30 minutes, it was done in 18 minutes! Easy to clean, very small to store; bowl is kept permanently in deep freeze at 0 degrees.NOTE: The miniscule Cuisinart recipe book that comes with this states that the bowl will be frozen within 6-12 hours. Don't believe it, we did and almost returned the machine! I checked the canister after 10 hours and it didn't slosh one bit, but after one hour of processing the cream mixture, it was no more frozen than the Equator! Saved the cream mixture to try the next day; froze it for 24 hours, and as I said above, it made a batch in 18 minutes, flat.I've also noticed that although it says "generous 1.5 quart size" my recipe for 1 quart of ice cream came so close to the top of the dasher that it actually flowed over a bit. So, I'm going to use slightly less than 1 cup measurements for the liquids when I make the next batches to avoid this problem.So far we've made peach, strawberry and banana ice cream. Try using a high quality buttermilk for 1 cup of the liquid; it's low calorie and adds a nice twang to the end result.

After several failed attempts, I began to wonder if I would ever be able to make creamy dreamy ice cream at home.  Finally, I ordered the right one!  This ice cream maker really does work.  The only time it will not work is if your freezer is not set to the coldest setting.  I keep the freezer bowls in the freezer at all times, that way they are ready to go.So, set your freezer to the coldest setting two days before you intend to make the ice cream.  I also found the extra freezer bowl to be indispensable.  Instead of waiting for the ice cream mixture to cool, simply use one of the freezer bowls to cool it down and then pour it into the second freezer bowl.  This drastically speeds up the process.I also use the freezer bowl for other items I want to cool down quickly.  I use it to cool down Jello when making a Raspberry Mousse.  I have been known to place the whole contraption right into the freezer.  I guess you are not supposed to, but I am still alive.So, once you have everything all frozen, set the machine up and make sure it is on a nice level surface (in or out of the freezer).  Then, mix up your ice cream recipe.  All you do is pour the liquid into the ice cream maker and with a flick of the switch the paddle starts to turn and in about 20 to 30 minutes you will have the ice cream of your dreams.When washing out the bowl, you will notice that you have to use hot water or you may find the cold water starts to freeze on the inside.  I recommend placing a piece of plastic wrap over the top of the bowl when storing it in the freezer so there is no need to rince the bowl.  I also disobey the instructions and let the ice cream freeze until solid in the ice cream freezer bowl.  I found it just works faster that way.  That way your ice cream is ready in 40 minutes!  Yes, it takes 20-30 minutes and then 10 more minutes in the freezer.  At least that is how it goes in my kitchen.  It is still well worth the wait.  If you start the ice cream before dinner, you won't even notice the time.Here is a favorite recipe for a slushy.  Yes, you can make those too and it works quite well.PINK GRAPEFRUIT SLUSHUse grapefruit juice found in the cooler section of your grocery store or use fresh squeezed and strained juice. If you enjoy sitting outside and want to keep your drinks ice cold, purchase a few "gel mugs" which you can keep in the freezer.4 cups pink grapefruit juice1/4 cup orange blossom honey1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract1.  Pour grapefruit juice into a tall jug.  Heat honey in the microwave and stir into juice.2.  Set up ice cream maker.  Pour in juice, freeze 10 minutes or until slushy.  Serve in tall glasses with straws.Makes 4 glasses~The Rebecca Review
This machine is very easy to use.  It comes with a handy little recipe book to help you with your first few recipes.  One thing you must do is  freeze the bowl for a good 24 hours the first time, then you will want to  cover the bowl in plastic (to prevent freezer flavors tainting the bowl),  and leave it in your freezer.  You will be making home made ice cream in  about 20 minutes.  The consistancy is good, and it is delicous.  Best of  all, you will not be adding any strange presevatives, or anything you do  not want.  Ben and Jerry's has an excellent recipe book that you can get  here at amazon, and you will be making up tasty ice cream in no time!
I love homemade ice cream, but have not had luck with the traditional ice cream freezers where you add ice and rock salt.  Though less expensive, they are less consistant.The Cuisinart ice cream maker is the opposite.  This handy contraption soft freezes your ingredients in a mere 20 - 30 minutes and is simple to use.  Simply freeze the canister ahead of time, add frozen canister to top of plastic base, add ingredients and turn on!Consistant results every time.  The recipe book included with the machine is very good, and all of the recipes are easy to follow and are delicious. Some recipes are no cook Philadelphia Style (only cream, sugar and flavorings) though most are custard style (involving cooking the ingredients and adding eggs).  All are easy to make even by the kitchen novice.Once you learn the basics of making ice cream, you will not want to buy store bought again.I use this machine about once a week to make ice creams, sherberts, and water ices.  Its definately a must for those who like fresh homemade desserts.
This pressure cooker is great for getting all of the flavors out of chicken and the broth gets a lovely golden color.Also good for stews.I know many people are afraid of using pressure cookers, but when you know the taste will be much richer,it's worth using,definitely.Highly recommended.
I didn't grow up in a family with a pressure cooker (PC), so really the only thing I knew or thought I knew was that they were dangerous, hard to use, something from the past. Boy could I not have been more wrong. I started thinking of getting one probably for the same reasons you are, the appeal of fast cooking, with tasty and healthy results, and improved safety over the pressure cookers from the past. My wife and I have had this model now for a couple of weeks and it delivers on all counts.The basic idea is that because of the pressure that builds up inside, water gets to 250 degrees, it is super hot. And at that temperature it can break down the tough parts of meats and cook things very quickly. Yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good. Well it does cook fast and it is tasty. I will take the experts opinion that it is also a healthy way to cook.As a PC newbee I had no idea what to expect. First off is a little bit of assembly. That went quickly and smoothly. Second is READING the instruction booklet. This is not a pan or a microwave or something like that. It is safe..but also something that is, well, under pressure. And pressure can be dangerous. After getting familiar with the parts of the pressure cooker we cooked our first meal, a pot roast. It was super easy and delicious. We used, frankly, a pretty cheap piece of meat but it came out tasting fantastic. It was quick but something to keep in mind is cooking time does not usually include the time to heat it up and the time to cool it down. Also you can't just walk away. Once the pressure seals the cooker most of the time you have to then reduce the heat. But it really isn't that much oversight.In any event even taking all of that into account it was still by far the fastest pot roast I have ever cooked and better than average in taste. We have done some chicken dishes and some rice dishes. It has turned out perfect rice in a fraction of the time it would have taken otherwise. We are still getting a feel for seasoning. Sometimes we have had dishes too seasoned and other times not but nothing that hasn't been easily as tasty as other ways we cook things.So if you are a PC newbee like me I say give it a try. As long as you read the instructions and respect the pressure it is a pretty easy way to cook with excellent tasty results in a quick amount of time. Granted it has only been a couple of weeks but we have eaten out much less these 2 weeks. We picked up a well regarded cookbook on AmazonPressure Perfect: Two Hour Taste in Twenty Minutes Using Your Pressure Cookerand so far so good. This could easily become the main way you cook, it has that a good a combination of benefits and realtive ease of use. What it excels at is...great results/unit of effort and time. I can't see many other ways that you can maximize your cooking effort and cooking time than a PC.
This is my second presto pressure cooker in a year. I loved my first one and used it several times a week, but I didn't add enough water once, scorched the heck out of it, and it was never the same. I tried all the thrifty tricks to get out scorched ick but it didn't work. However, I liked and used this one so much I bought another one exactly like my first.I have a Russel Hobbes electric pressure cooker that is larger and really nice for food that cooks longer because I can set it and walk away. However, it's big and bulky. My Presto is my go too pressure cooker for potatoes, makes great cheesecake, I love pressure cooking squash, carrots etc. The construction is heavy and seems well made.
I had never used a pressure cooker before but have been planning to buy one for a while, and decided to buy this one because it looks well made and has good reviews.I tried cooking several vegetables and some Sirloin tips (separately) and found the Sirloin surprisingly tender, the vegetables retained a lot more flavor.I did carefully read the instructions and after one or two uses found it easy to use. I bought a timer to use with it because cooking times seem to be important as does making sure it does not boil dry.This is a great time and energy saver, resulting in great tasting food!
It's been several months since I've purchased the Presto 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker, and I have to admit that this cooker packs some seriously power!  Having a pressure cooker speeds up cooking so much - I've been able to make a lot of Chinese Soups in a fraction of the time it takes to make normally!  This pot is especially good when cooking soups with proteins, particularly beans and meat.  Because it cooks so quickly, we're not only enjoying dinner faster, but saving a lot of energy to boot!  Highly recommended!
One upon a time, many years ago.. I had a very bad experience with a pressure cooker. I swore at that time to never let one in my house again. Well, time passed and my patience with cooking grew more thin. With the children grown and free time in the evenings at a premium due to work, I decided it was time to have another go at a pressure cooker.I am very glad I did. Beef and pork roast as well as turkey breast have been brought forth in no time at all. Potatoes cooked to perfection in short minutes.My biggest probem is where to keep it so it is handy at all times!I highly recommend this item. Once I finally pulled it warily from its boxand sealed it for its first trial in my home, I was hooked. Evey home should  have one!
My mother bought me this nearly exact cooker many years ago, and it got lost in a move about 5 years ago. I just now replaced it. I had used my old one for about 7 years and it was fine. No problems with my old one with the stainless steel either.I got this NEW one today, and washed it and peeled about 3-4 lbs potatoes and sliced 3/4 in thick, and added 2 cups water, two tbsp dried onion flakes, pepper, and garlic powder. 16 minutes later, drained the water off and used my handy dandy mixer and had the best creamiest fluffiest mashed potatoes ever. I DON'T KNOW HOW I GOT ALONG WITHOUT IT THESE PAST FIVE YEARS!!  I CAN'T WAIT TO USE IT OFTEN!!THE BOTTOM LINE:Inexpensive,functions very well,looks nice,parts easy to order, (Walmart sells parts for it I heard)easy to clean,has two handles,AAA+++ for price and function.eta: I HAVE NOW HAD THIS PRESSURE COOKER FOR ALMOST 6 YEARS, IT IS STILL LIKE NEW, WORKS GREAT, NO PROBLEMS, I USE IT TWO TO THREE TIMES A WEEK. IT WAS AND STILL IS A GREAT COOKER. I COULD NOT GET ALONG WITHOUT IT.
This is nothing fancy, but it works wery well. Replacemenat parts are easy to buy. You can't open it if it's under pressure because it has a lock by the handle (safety feature). Actually I think it's very safe as it has other features as well.I think one of the most important things to look for is what it's made of (after safety of course!). This is stainless steel which is good because you don't want aluminum (aluminum will stain and get eaten away with acidic food such as vinegar or lemon juice...).Another thing to consider is that it takes time to heat up and cool down so even though all pressure cookers say it takes a lot less time to cook, they don't take the heat-up cool-down time into consideration, even though they are correct about the actual cooking time.Good pressure cooker.EDITIn 2007, I bought a Kuhn-Rikon pressure cooker and I'm even more pleased with that.It's quite a bit more expensive  (4-7 times?) but a *lot* quieter as it relies on an internal spring to maintain pressure as opposed to gravity for the Presto. The Kuhn-Rikon also allows less water to escape. I keep both of them but I haven't used the presto for 4 months now. Considering I bought the Presto in 1999, it's amazing that it works perfectly even though it got heavy use. I even put the rubber seal and the lid in the dishwasher every time and it still held up. It's my backup cooker now as I can't let go of something that still works fine.
love the design of this scoop. I can achieve a firm grip, slices easily through hard ice cream.  A wonderful, comfortable, and well balanced rubberized handle. As it glides over, it produces a curl that easily releases from the scoop.  Excellent product.
I really didn't expect much from this scoop except a fatter grip, which I need due to a hand injury. I had no great expectations - a scoop is a scoop, right? Well, not in this case. The scoop is well balanced and light weight, and easy to grip. It produces nice, even servings of ice cream instead of clunky chunks. I can get great leverage. Somehow this tool makes scooping even the hardest ice cream easier, and I never need to run it under water to soften the ice cream.  Maybe it's the pointed but not sharp leading edge of the scoop that cuts right into the ice cream. Maybe it's the leverage you get from the thick, non-slip grip. I'm just happy it makes serving ice cream effortless.
I really like this scoop.  It will work on really hard ice cream, but I still prefer to let the ice cream soften a bit.
I've come to expect solid, well-designed products from OXO, and this ice cream scoop did not disappoint me. From the comfortable black rubberized grip to the heavy stainless steel scooper, it's quality quality quality. I tried it on hard ice cream, and it does scoop it well...but don't expect to get by with no elbow grease. Hard ice cream is hard to scoop! The angled edges of this scoop are helpful in breaking the surface, and the narrowed/pointed end works great for getting into the corners of ice cream boxes.I like the black-and-stainless color, too, which works well with the rest of my kitchen. And, going by my usual "what else can I use this for" approach to anything I buy, I think this would be good as a transplanting tool or, in a pinch, even a melon baller.
This scoop gives you a couple of great advantages that others don't provide.  First, the large, rubber like handle gives you great gripping power to dig into hard ice cream.  Second, the leading edge of the scoop has a semi sharp edge on it -- which really helps it cut through as you push and and makes the job easier.  Oxo makes good products, and this is one of them I would highly recommend.
My old scoop was the aluminum kind with the liquid inside that you are supposed to run under hot water before using.  Problem was that it got all corroded and nasty looking over time.  This scoop works so much better, even without running it under hot water first!  The handle is much nicer because of the grippy material, and it cuts through ice cream that seems pretty rock hard to me.  i think the little points on the scoop help with serving harder ice cream.  Easy to wash and my husband even used it to scoop out the insides of our pumpkins this Halloween!
It's been a month and so far, so good, with this OXO ice cream scoop.  The edge digs in nicely into the tub of ice cream and the handle is easy to hold.  Also, the handle shows no sign of separating from the metal scoop part, so I'm happy about that, and the shiny finish on the scoop is smooth and blemish-free still.  We're washing it in the dishwasher, so I will update if there are any longevity issues with this ice cream scoop.All in all, if you need an ice cream scoop, this does the job nicely.*Update: February 2012*  It's been 8 months, still looks like new.
This thing looks so deceptive.The edge will cut through even nearly frozen confections.And surprisingly nothing sticks.Now I can toss out the old ones!!
This  Oxo Good Grips ice cream scoop  has a more spade like shape  than the older model which I have had for over four years. The tip now comes to a rounded point rather than having a straighter edge. The image with this item as I write seems to be of the older model. There are no moving parts to break,its easy to clean either by hand or in the dishwasher. It accommodates  different scooping methods with ease.  The new shape is even better than the older shape. It can usually scoop out even very firm ice cream. I rarely need to dip the head in hot water at all. We give our ice cream scoops a very heavy workout and everyone in the family finds this scoop to be the best one we have ever had. I have arthritis and some wrist issues and this grip is very comfortable and easy to use.  The earlier model has held up beautifully though the shiny coating in the scoop chipped a bit when the 2 year old used it  outside as a dirt toy. I expect that this one (which will not be going outside) will hold up at least as well. Highly recommended as a kitchen essential and would make a great little gift  for any ice cream lover you might know.
I love ice cream. Even when I'm dieting (like now), I make sure that I have some room, calorie-wise, for a little of the stuff.Despite this life-long affection, I've never owned an ice cream scoop. I have a large, stout tablespoon reserved for the purpose which has always served me well. That's all changed, because now I have the OXO.Two features set this one apart from the herd. First, there's the handle. It is just the right thickness and shape to be comfortable in the hand while in use and is covered with the same soft, black, rubberized material that OXO uses in most of their other kitchen utensils.Secondly, the scoop has an unusual design, its leading edge drawn into a broad point. It isn't the usual hemispherical shape that most other scoops possess. The shape makes it easy to excavate the surface of your ice cream while in the container, even in the corners. Creating a nice round scoop to go on top of a cone, however, is problematic. You can do it by sort of rotating the scoop in the ice cream, but it takes a bit of practice.Clean-up is simple. Into the dishwasher in the silverware basket and you're done. I've washed mine this way about 40 to 50 times with no issues.I have quite a few OXO implements and always find them well-made and well thought out.
I did not imaging there was a ricer until I saw this on a Martha Stewart cooking show. She was showing off some monster size ricers. However I always choose "OXO Good Grips" as the tool of choice.So far just did the mashed potato thing. This works well however a good old fashioned masher works as well for me. Now I see for other reviews that there are more uses and a whole new world is opening for me and my ricer.
The OXO Potato Ricer is a great kitchen tool that has held up well for the past 6 years of fairly regular use. No unnecessary bells or whistles, this works exactly like it should and is easy to keep clean.We like ours so much that we have given them as gifts to our friends with young children for making baby food.Highly Recommended!
This is a handy tool for making very fluffy mashed potatoes. You put in a peeled, boiled spud, push down on the lever, and out comes what we called "riced" potatoes in the past. The fact the potato is pushed through a fine die mean that there is a lot of air between the strands of mashed potato, and they come out very light and fluffy. Simply mix in butter and cream, or milk, or broth with a fork and you have very nice, non-lumpy but non-gummy potatoes.A bonus from this device; you can use it to make spaetzle. These are the lumpy fresh noodles that are common in German and Austrian food. They are made with a somewhat soft, sticky dough, and either pressed through a die like this ricer, or else cut "vom Brett" meaning you dump the dough on a board and scrape it off slice by slice into boiling water. I admit that despite living in an area of Germany where it was a point of honor to make spaetlze "vom Brett", I used this thing. (Dried, pre-packaged? Puhleeze! Nein, nein, nein!)To make spaetzle noodles1 cup flour (1/4 lb.)1/3 to 1/2 cup of water or milk1 egg1 teaspoon saltBeat batter has tiny air-bubbles (develops gluten a bit). Rinse the ricer with some cold water before filling to prevent a sticky mess. Press over boiling water in a pot. When the noodles float up (only a few minutes) you can scoop them out with a slotted spoon and drain. Very nice with any pot roast, can be made into a sort of mac 'n cheese (Kaesespaetzle) and best of all, they are nice dumped onto a thick lentil soup with a very good quality rotwurst (hot dog) which is a very traditional Schwabian meal and still one of my favorite comfort foods. Except, the wurst are hard to find in the US unless you live in parts of Pennsylvania or Wisconsin.
this thing works great but is small so beware. if your using it for potatoes then think again unless it's just for one.
I purchased and used this OXO Good Grips Potato Ricer for the first time this past Thanksgiving to make Tyler Florence's Velvelt Mashed Potatoes and I have to say that everyone loved the potatoes, and I love this ricer!The ricer was super easy to use(and dare I say a bit fun?), it holds quite a bit of potato, and rices with minimal effort.  My husband and I were fighting over who got to use it first.  =)  In no time we had a huge pan of riced potatoes, and with some butter and cream we had the most amazing mashed potatoes for our Thanksgiving dinner.  You really cannot accomplish the smooth velvety texture of these potatoes without a ricer - I never would have believed it until I tried it.Cleaning is pretty easy, although if you've left the ricer sitting after use and some of the potatoes have dried on it, you'll want to let it soak for a bit, and use a good bristle brush to clean down inside where the tiny holes are to make sure you get all the potato out.This is something we'll be using over and over again for mashed potatoes-not just for big fancy meals, I'm so glad that I bought it and wish I had sooner.
OXO designs great products and this is no exception.  It does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top.  I just don't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it's meant to do with ease.  I liked it so much, I bought one for my aunt.Before this, I made mashed potatoes with a masher; the difference is unbelievable.  I kept my masher because I'm a Southern girl and sometimes I want lumpy mashed potatoes.This is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher.
This OXO potato ricer makes great mashed potatoes. Silky and smooth. I use it whenever I don't feel like having chunky mashed potatoes for dinner, otherwise I use the regular masher. At first I thought this was one of those gadgets that eventually gathers dust in the kitchen but I was wrong. It's very easy to use and easy to clean. You know those tools that are nice and functional but you end up not using because they are a pain to clean? Well, this potato ricer isn't one of them. I find it even easier to clean than my potato masher. I have the Oneida with an inch-thick nylon head and the potatoes get stuck in between the grids. Anyway, the plate on this ricer containing the holes aren't thick (not thin, either) so food doesn't get stuck in the holes like what usually happens in a garlic press. Just flush with running water and everything comes out. It has a smooth, one-piece construction. I've never had a problem with the handles bending, either. I always cut my potatoes up before boiling them so the pieces fit in the ricer much better than a whole potato would.I haven't used this ricer yet for other things but one reviewer said he uses it to squeeze out water from frozen spinach. I think that's a good idea. I will also use it for bananas for banana bread. Bananas are easy to mash with a fork but if you have to mash 20 then it takes time. I will also use it for baby food in the future when I have babies.
As a mashed potato connoisseur I will attest that nothing produces smoother or more fluffy mashed potatoes than a ricer. So I'm devoted to this kitchen tool and haven't found a better, or easier to use, model than this OXO Good Grips version, and I've tried quite a few, including a far more expensive Williams and Sonoma model.At this point I've had several--the downside is they don't last forever--but I always get two to three years, with very frequent use and dishwashing before needing to replace. (The stem usually eventually bends or breaks after lots and lots of use.) For the modest cost, I think that's a fair amount of use.The hopper is large, but not so big it overfills and the mechanism simple, straightforward and easy to grasp, even if you have smaller hands. I can comfortably, and relatively quickly, mash up to 10 lb. worth of potatoes for a Thanksgiving meal using this device.One of the best perks of a ricer is that you don't need to peel your potatoes before you mash them. Simply put the cooked potato in the hopper and squeeze and out comes the fluffy "riced" potato while the potato skins are left inside and easily scraped into the garbage disposal.A true must have tool for mashed potato fans. I wouldn't be without it!
The consistency of potatoes 'mashed' with this ricer is smooth - perfect.  The clean up is easy in the dishwasher, and it's easy to use [even for us little old ladies].To those who had problems forcing the potatoes through the ricer, may I suggest cooking your potatoes a little longer - they need to be softer.  And for an especially easy time, just use baked potatoes - you get more flavor, softer potatoes to squeeze through, and less clean up!
A little device to lock these things shut when not in use seems to be such a simple concept, it's hard to imagine why someone, including my very creative self, did not think of a way many, many, many years ago to lock them shut when not being used.  They are an obnoxious nuisance when they are sprung open, falling off the grill side-shelf, or falling off the _______ (fill in the blank as appropriate) in the kitchen, or wherever they land because both hands are occupied and there is no way to close the things.  Until now!!!  Yeah!!!!  A simple little latch only requiring a tap with the palm of a hand, tap against a belly, leg, or whatever is close enough, so that it can be put down without the aforementioned nuisance conditions.  Thank you ... thank you so much!!!  They work perfectly.  The spread-open nuisance is no longer necessary and I, for one, very much appreciate the change.
All tongs are not created equal. Most at this price don't grip, don't line up straight, and bend easily. Not these. They are real work horses. They are sturdy, line up, grip well, and the locking mechanism actually works when not in use. I bought 2 pair. If I had 3 hands, I would have bought three. They are just the right length for just about any use. Get them.
These tongs are so nice that I just ordered a second pair.  I love the fact that they lock and lock very easily.  I used these all the time for indoor as well as outdoor cooking.  They go right in the dishwasher and clean up beautifully.  I have several other pairs of tongs but from repeated dishwasher use, they are starting to become difficult to open and close.  Not so with the OXO Good Grips.
I love OXO products for the quality and durability. These tongs are no exception. Nice soft grip and sturdy locking mechanism. Reasonable price too. I have several sizes of  OXO tongs for different uses and they all have performed perfectly for many years.
I received these tongs in addition to my Kitchenaid ones and I just love them!  They're long enough to reach into large pots without scalding your wrists, hands, etc., and I should know - I'm the queen of burning myself!  They grab everything with ease and I particulraly like the rubber grips.  The Kitchenaid ones don't have that and have a tendency to get hot.  These don't so they get tons more use.  Besides, they're great to grab things from high shelves too!  And, for ornery little boys to run around the house, beating whatever he wants with them, grabbing the cat's tail, etc., and they still look new.  Can't beat that!
Summer is here, which means more of our family's meals shift from our kitchen to our gas barbecue grill, keeping the house cool. Strong, sturdy tools with appropriate reach are essential.I purchased four brands of 16-inch tongs from Adcraft, Update International, Browne Foodservice, and Oxo. Each tong is made of brushed stainless steel with a scalloped edge. They are all dishwasher safe but have no locking mechanism, except for the Oxo tong.I've tried both 8-inch and 10-inch tongs but the added leverage comes at a cost. The 16-inch length is important to avoid exposing my hands and arms to the grill heat and possible flare-ups. The only downside with these 16-inch tongs is storage, which is made less convenient without a locking mechanism. The solution is surprisingly easy and cheap. I use a rubber band to hold the tong closed.Adcraft XHT-16 16" Long, Extra Heavy Stainless Steel Utility Tong: $9.99 -- This tong from Admiral Craft is stamped "StainlessSteel[India]" and is the heaviest of the four brands. It also features the smoothest spring action. My wife noted that it is harder to close but I like the added heft, especially when turning grilling heavier items like pork ribs.Update International ST-16XH/CS 18/0 Stainless Steel Extra Heavy-Duty Spring Tongs: $4.09 -- This tong is made of 18/0 stainless steel material and slightly lighter than Admiral Craft with a snappier spring action. My wife liked this because this tong is easier to close. I can appreciate that but the spring feels less sturdy. Given that the Update brand is half the price of the Admiral Craft, that difference is forgivable.Browne Foodservice 2513 Stainless Steel Heavy Duty Coil Spring Operated Utility Tong: $4.73 -- At 1-mm thickness, this stainless steel tong feels a lot like the one from Update International. The spring action is too loose for my preference. It is sufficient enough to turn grilled chicken thighs but larger cuts of meat can slip through the scalloped edges.At one-third the price of theOxo Good Grips Locking Tongs ($14.95), the Update International tong is the best value. For roughly $15, I'd rather own three pairs of 16-inch tongs than one. Compared to Admiral Craft, the Oxo tong is worth the additional $5 cost because it offers cushioned, nonslip handles, thumb rests and a locking mechanism.All of these tongs are sturdy enough for a summer of grilling. Each tong is rolled into a `U' shape for added strength. I don't like to grill with mitts or gloves, so I have to pay attention to heat transfer. Still, bare-handed grilling gives me a better feel, especially with lighter items like strips of zucchini or squash.Of all four brands of tongs, I liked Browne Foodservice the least and, since it costs more than the Update International brand, there is little reason to recommend this brand.* Rating: Five stars (best construction)Oxo Good Grips Locking Tongs* Rating: Four starsAdcraft XHT-16 16" Long, Extra Heavy Stainless Steel Utility Tong* Rating: Four stars (value buy)Update International ST-16XH/CS 18/0 Stainless Steel Extra Heavy-Duty Spring Tongs* Rating: Three starsBrowne Foodservice 2513 Stainless Steel Heavy Duty Coil Spring Operated Utility Tong
I had a smallish pair of tongs for turning eggplant and cutlets while sauteeing. Tired of burnt fingers, I invested in the locking OXO tongs. Good move. The lock allows you to put the tongs in a drawer, and you just pull the ring at the top to unlock and get the full spread of the tongs.The longer handle, insulated with plastic, means your hands stay cool and more importantly, at a distance from spitting bacon, hot slices of eggplant or a frying chicken breast. They also work fine on the outdoor barbecue grill, though LONGER tongs would be good if your grill is larger than my puny one.
These are the best tongs I've found.  I have them in both sizes & with/without the plastic tips.  I use the 9" (smaller) tongs for tossing salads & other non-heat tasks.  I like the long (12"), non-plastic tip tongs for grilling & cooking - the extra length comes in handy when you're over heat.  The plastic tip tongs come in handy for pasta & other "soft" food items - I use them less often but they still come in handy.One of the best things about these is that they store in the drawer so easily.  No more wrapping a rubber band around the tongs to keep them together.  You just pull up on the top lever & they lock shut.  It's also great when cooking to just bump that lever on the counter & they open.  The lever is rubber coated so it doesn't scratch anything & the rubber grips on the handles keep the tongs from getting slippery in your hand.  I throw them in the dishwasher to clean.These are used daily in our house & after 5+ years, they still work great.  They are on my short-list of most useful kitchen utensils.
I have small hands, these tongs are light and just the right size. I bought them to use with my baby Q grill and they are perfect.
Sturdy and easy to handle, these tongs make it easy to grab, flip, turn or retreive just about anything.  The long, rubber coated handles let you keep your cool while using them to reach into a pot of boiling water, a barbecue or a hot frying pan.  The locking feature is great for storage, making the tongs easy to fit in a drawer.  I never thought I would be espousing the praises of tongs but these are one of the small things that make life in the kitchen much easier.Update: (10/07) America's Test Kitchen agrees with me!! They rated these as the best tongs also!
great product. just what i wanted! perfect size! plus better then plastic ends so they dont melt!
Okay-- what is all this talk about cooking.  These OXO tongs are more versatile than that.  We use them all over the house, and outdoors as well.  We currently own four pairs.The first usage we put them to is the one you probably expect:  cooking.  As long as they are, they're good for BBQ'ing and working with other hot foods.  They also work for shifting coals and burning branches in an emergency.The second use we have for them are as toys.  I bought two pairs in December for my son and daughter.  They use them constantly (instead of mine) for playing with playdough and as nabber-grabbers.  Nabber-grabbers can be used with Polly Pockets, Thomas the Tank engine, and bean bags if you didn't already know that.  They also provide great hand exercise for small fry--or so says an OT teacher friend of mine.The final pair I have specially marked as they are used in the bathroom to pull Polly and Thomas and said bean bags out of the toilet.  They are long enough I don't have to get my hands 'involved'.  Yuck.Five Stars.  Multiple uses:  cooking, games, cleanup.  They don't take up a lot of storage space, and they are affordable.
If you buy one of these, you'll wonder how you ever managed without it!  Whether you're turning steaks on the grill, arranging chicken breasts in the saute pan or pulling potato pancakes out of the frying pan, this is THE tool.  Comfortable in the hand, with just the right "springiness" in the hinge.  Put it in the dishwasher when you're done, lock it closed when you put it away in the drawer (but it won't stay there long).
I've had these tongs for two years. I probably use them every day and I love them. They are stainless steel and so far do not have a spec of rust anywhere. The rubberized grip make them easy to use and gives me a good cool place to grab hold of if I accidentally leave them sitting in the skillet. They lock closed for storage, which is also a very nice feature. I actually got them as part of a 10-piece utensil set and this is my favorite piece from the set.
Tongs are the workhorse of a kitchen, and these are an exceptionally good version.  They are stainless steel, have rubber grips, and are a good length.The ability to lock when the hook is pulled is a good one.  The manual lock is much better than the kind that lock when you point them a certain way, even though this requires more than one hand to use it.  The auto-locking type are always locking when I don't want them to.  The lock is really only useful to make them collapse for storage, and if you are putting it away, you probably also have both hands free.The length of this one is just right.  The jaws spread larger than with smaller tongs, which allows grabbing larger items.  It also gives you some reach, which is important when using them on something in the middle of a hot pan.  I have a set of smaller ones that I rarely use, so if you only want one, this is the right one to get.The only negative is that the metal head can scratch nonstick pans if you aren't careful with it.Sean P. Logue, 2007
I love these tongs.  OXO makes wonderful products, they are ergonomic so they aren't hard to use.  These are heaven sent.  The rubber handles keeps you from burning your hands when you accidently leave them in a hot skillet or on a hot stove.  They also lock, which is a nice feature for when you want to put them away.  I love this tool.  You can sautee with these, use them while tossing pasta or salad, or when you need to move a hot lid.  I can't say enough nice things about these tongs, I use mine every day.
This wine bottle cork extractor works perfectly.  The metal screw has a slick coating of something like Teflon that reduces friction as it goes in and is  removed from the cork.  I don't have arthritis in my hands (yet) but my left hand is still very tender from a bad sprain so I can assure anyone who has hand pain that the molded plastic wing covers and the fat rubberized turning knob make it WAY more comfortable and easy to use than the standard version of this type of device.
You push the screw through the cork exactly /once/ and the whole entire thing pops out in one feel swoop. Freaking awesome. I still prefer my bartender's wine key, because it has a foil cutter, and makes it easier for me to present a clean looking bottle, but a friend of mine who has a hard time with my wine key loves this device. I keep it there for her. Unlike other corkscrews, you don't need to repeatedly screw the thing into the cork to pull out the cork. It comes out quickly and easily. If you have trouble with corks, this is your new BFF.
The Oxo Good Grips Winged Corkscrew is, indeed, easy to use.  The nonstick coating on the screw makes it easy to slide into the cork and the knob is wide and easy to grasp.  The levers on the side make for easy cork removal.We own several corkscrews and exercise them regularly, but the Oxo is easier to use than its more expensive counterparts, so at the moment it's our choice.I have read the more critical reviews here that say that this particular product breaks easily.  I can only suggest that buyers retain their sales receipt in case of breakage, since Oxo does offer replacement or refund.  So far we've had no need of that.
Oxo makes the best salad spinner. Its mechanism is simple, and holds up well. And now with this green color, all the people with boring white will be jealous. GET THIS ONE. (These devices are to dry freshly washed lettuce in case you've always wondered about there purpose...)
Saw this recommended on the sprout house website. Compact and just the right size for sprouts of all kinds and of course smaller amounts of lettuce. It's a workhorse that never fails to spin. Very easy to clean and store. Oxo, good quality!
I had an older salad spinner that had the horrible pull string on it.  It eventually broke so I was turned off from buying another one.I eat alot of green salads and I also have to clean fresh herbs both for cooking and also for my pet rabbit who loves parsely and cilantro.  I decided to try this one since OXO has never let me down.  This spinner is excellent!  It has a rubber bottom to keep it from slipping and the push spin makes it fast and easy to dry greens.The materials are sturdy.  Much better than my old one.  This was a good investment.
This is good for both washing veggies as well as drying them.  Safe, easy and fun for kids to help out with in the kitchen.  I find the large size useful for getting the water out of small laundry items too.Doesn't have the stupid string to break.
I received this as a gift and was initially tempted to return it based on past poor experiences with salad spinners. Very glad that I kept it -- it works well and is very easy to use. Rather than have to turn a knob or pull a string, all you need to do is push down on the plunger a couple of times and you're done.I have several other Oxo products and they all share the same attention to the little details that make the product better. With the salad spinner, the plunger can be locked in the down position to make it easier to store. Also there's a brake (a simple button) that stops the spinning so you don't have to wait for it to stop on its own.This would also be a good choice for someone with limited hand/grip strength. It's a lot easier to push down on a plunger than grasp a knob or pull a string.Highly recommend!
I bought this when it came on a gold box deal shortly after I had had a party and my salad had been diluted with all the water that had remained on the red romaine lettuce I was using.  Aggravated for the last time, I was very happy to see this come on a gold box offer.  It's small for a larger leaf lettuce such as romaine, but I tore it up in smaller pieces and away it went.  It's so easy my three-year-old figured it out before I did!  This is a great purchase but I'm also going to get the larger one to do larger leaf lettuce.  I love this thing!
I have the mini version of this salad spinner.  I would not actually use the term "mini" to describe it, since it does hold a lot of lettuce.  It will hold a whole small head of leaf lettuce (chopped, of course) when packed full, which makes enough for two big plates of salad (or probably 4 small side salads).  I like that it is smaller in size (not clumsy or hard to handle, takes minimal storage space), has nonskid bottom, really dries lettuce well, is easy to operate and even has a brake to stop the spinning.  I just rinse it off when done (easy for quick weeknight dinners).  I like the operation of this product (push down) better than the large Zyliss spinner that I own that has a pull-string.  The small Oxo spinner is also great for drying blueberries.
I use my OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner every day for the last 20 years or so.  Today, I thought I wonder if someone invented a better salad spinner..........  So I checked and this one is still rated #1 and mine still works as good as the day I purchased it.  I guess there is no improving on perfection.  yet.
Since we are on a diet, buying those bags of salad mix is getting expensive.  With this I tear up a head of lettuce and rinse it out and within a minute of spinning, I have clean, dry lettuce.  I dare say I use this with other things like broccoli, too, but you have to put it in the leaves and even the weight out.  And it's like a toy top, fun to play with.  The handle recedes to make it less tall to put away.  This is the one Alton Brown recommends in his book "Gear for your Kitchen."
After several years, this was on sale for $17.99 so I finally made the leap and this makes cleaning sandy Chinese greens much less stressful and wastes less water. This product should be marketed to the Chinese diaspora.  Frankly, everyone in Asia needs to be introduced to this product.  I don't use it as much as I would like because I don't eat as many vegetables as I ought to do.Another use for this is as a cake dome!  That means I don't buy the Anchor Hocking Savannah nor the Wilton Cake Dome Pedestal. What a good deal this salad spinner is.
At first I wasn't sure... that's alot of money for something who's purpose is just to spin lettuce; boy am I glad I bought it though! I put on mega weight when pregnant with my daughter, and needed to start eatting healthy, everyone knows fresh greens are healthy but who likes the soggy brown mess you get when you try to make a salad? Enter the spinner. First you can chop your lettuces and toss them in to wash, then spin spin spin (this part is fun) you get a wonderful dry salad (ie dressings stick!) and it keeps is so fresh in the fridge that I can have salad every day easily now. Best purchase I've made in along time!
I've eaten a heck of a lot more salad since buying this product. That alone should tell you that it's a good product. However, I'll expand on that with some more details.Pros:- Salad keeps a LOT longer. No more of those mushy pieces at the bottom of the bag/bowl. It all stays nice, crisp, and fresh.- It's extremely easy to wash. Use the colander to wash it, then put it in the spinner and empty out the water. Simple.- Put the colander in, attach the lid, and press the button a few times. It's easy to do and gets most of the water off without extra work.- Doesn't slide around on the counter or move. You can just press the button a few times and let it go.- Very easy to clean. Just wash it in the sink. No nooks, crannies, or crevices for stuff to get into.Cons:- The "stopper" button doesn't function very well any more. It's been about 4 months, and it feels like it is wearing down. It's not a big deal since it does stop on its own eventually.
I'm so glad I finally bought a salad spinner, and I have no complaints about OXO's salad spinner.  I use it for small herbs and lettuce as well as a temporary strainer (the inside part only, of course).  There's a rubber brake on the top to stop the spinning almost instantly.  If you cook with a lot of herbs or make a lot of salads, this item is extremely valuable to your kitchen collection.
I owned a more expensive salad spinner that gave out after a decade or so. I wasn't familiar with OXO when I purchased that old spinner.By the time it gave up the ghost, I had come to know OXO's products for being well designed and durable. In October 2007 I ordered my first OXO Salad Spinner.It was used almost daily for five and a half years with no big problem. My only negative is that cleaning the lid is difficult.Some strength is needed to press the tabs to separate the lid's two pieces. The tabs on mine become brittle and one snapped off somewhere around 2010, but the spinner still did what it was supposed to do. The broken tab made it more difficult to separate the pieces, but not impossible.The reason I'm ordering a replacement is that the large bowl has become too ugly to use for serving anyone except immediate family. Repeated use, hard water and the dishwasher have clouded and pitted the bowl. Even fresh out of the dishwasher, it doesn't look clean.I'm all for function first, but form still counts and the old one was looking too gnarly. I am using the pending annual influx of summer house-guests as my reason for replacing my first OXO Salad Spinner. The price is the same I paid in 2007. At about a penny per use, I can't complain; I didn't expect it to last a lifetime.When I consider the price, above average performance and multipurpose functionality, I highly recommend the OXO Salad Spinner.
I am anti-gadgets having discovered in the past I use them once or twice, and then I forget I have them or they don't work very well, and end up taking up valuable space.After rave reviews, I finally caved and bought the salad spinner.  This is a FABULOUS kitchen tool.  It really spins the salad leaves well with minimal effort.  I now use it every time I have salad. NO MORE WET SALAD!In addition, there are multiple uses with the bowl.  Serve your salad in it, store your salad in it, etc.
I purchased my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner some time in 2008 and even after 5 years of use, the salad spinner looks and works like it was new.  Operation is simple enough - just toss the wet salad in the basket, put the lid on, and let the kids push the large button until the salad is dry.  The unit is easy to take apart and clean (it really only requires a quick rinse).  Highly recommended!
We've had three different salad spinners in the last 10 years. We gave two of them away - they didn't break, they were just too hard to use.My husband ordered this one and at first I was frustrated that he ordered it without asking me. I know, control freak but it is my kitchen. ;-)I'm really glad he did. It is so much easier to use than the other ones we had. There is an enclosed water trapper bowl. Some other models have holes in the bottom for the water to drain out as you spin. The problem is that they leak if you don't have it over the sink. We like to soak the lettuce in a full bowl of water before spinning.The spinner knob locks down for storage and the entire unit comes apart for quick rinsing. The knob is a comfortable rubber (like most Oxo products).Highly recommended for rinsing and drying lettuce and other vegetables. Not recommended for drying socks.
Our 12 year old model just bit the dust; works like a champ the whole time; handles being tossed in the top rack of the dishwasher just fine.  The biggest advantage is one-handed operation; and it's fun too!  They say you can use the outer container as a serving dish, but after lots of use, you'll have circular scratches that nosy mothers-in-law might point out.
I like this spinner very much.  It's easy to pump.  It doesn't slide all over the counter.  There's a little button to stop the spinning.  My salad gets nice and dry, and then I can use bowl to serve it in.  Cleanup is easy.  I couldn't ask for anything more.
My old salad spinners were cheap.  What a difference a few dollars make!  It does the job extremely well -- it's fast and effecient. This one is much easier to use.  I love the stop feature and the rubberized footing that keeps it stable on the counter.  Dishwasher safe and has a storage lid.  What more could you want.  I've found that the greens keep well in the spinner when you line the basket with paper towels.I enthusiasticly recommend this product to anyone who needs a salad spinner.
If you want to get a bit fancy with your salad spinning, this is the one to buy.  Not only can you spin the lettuce and remove all the water, you can use the bowl to serve a salad or store lettuce in the inner bowl.It is so easy to use. You release the lock mechanism at the top and press down. The inner basket starts to spin, removing most of the water from the lettuce.  I love the fact that you can rinse the lettuce in the removable inner basket.You really win with this one.  Wash, spin, store...so much less to wash and it is never boring.  It is quite large so you do need a big space to store it in the refrigerator, unless you have a big refrigerator, then it is no problem.If you have memories of trying to swing lettuce around in a kitchen towel, or have tried to use paper towels while they are falling apart all over the lettuce, you must try spinning in this great salad spinner. Once you have spun the lettuce you can remove the inner bowl and dump out the water.~The Rebecca Review
Great salad spinner that is easy to use, clean and store. I would recommend one for every kitchen I use it all the time.
We had been buying the bagged greens, but with the e coli scare we decided no more of that.  My sister recommended the Oxo salad spinner.  It is very easy to use, the spin mechanism works like an old-fashioned children's top. Just pump it, and away it goes.  I pump it a few times, dump out the excess water that drains from the leaves, wipe down the bowl, put on the storage lid, and the lettuce stays fresh and incredibly crisp for a week.  Excellent product.Update:  February 2010I am still using the salad spinner on a regular basis.  Obviously, it's proven to be very durable, and a good investment.
I held out against the salad spinner for a long time.  I told myself I didn't need it and wouldn't use it, but it kept winking at me, and the customer reviews convinced me that I really would love having it.  Well, I do love it, and I use it a lot!  It's not just for salad greens, but for anything you want to dry quickly.  It's sleekly designed with only three easy-to-clean pieces.  One quick plunge keeps the bowl spinning for quite a long time, but one touch to the button on the side stops it cold.  This week alone I've drained cabbage for slaw, grape tomatoes and cooked shrimp for a salad.  None of the food was damaged, and all of it was well-dried enough that I didn't have to worry about my dressing getting watered down.  It does what it promises to do and does it well, with a minimum of fuss.  That is, to my way of thinking, the mark of a great piece of equipment.
Simply put, the Oxo salad spinner receives such stellar reviews because it is an extremely well designed product, that operates on a simple principle, and works fantastically well.  Given a choice, almost everyone would prefer fresh, clean vegetables and fruit.  However, washing them usually leaves you with the problem of excess water, and that is where the Oxo comes in.The spinner has three components, the bowl, the basket, and the lid.  Put your vegetables, fruit, or whatever you want to drain off excess liquids from, in the basket.  Place the basket in the bowl, resting on the center pin at the bottom of the bowl.  Release the spring loaded handle, and then while holding down the lid, push down on the handle a few times.  The centrifugal force generated from spinning the contents in the basket, draws liquid and small debris to the outer walls of the bowl.  What remains in the basket is relatively dry, and excess water and debris can be discarded.The bowl is made of extra hard plastic, that is shaped so that it is difficult to tip over, even when the basket is spinning at high speed.  The rubber on the bottom of the bowl provides traction, and helps keep the bowl from spinning, or tipping over, while you are pumping.  There is very little friction between the spinning basket, and the bowl and lid, and it is quite remarkable how long the basket will keep spinning if you just let it spin.  There is a button on the top of the lid that acts as a brake, and will slow and stop the basket.  To maintain a minimum profile, there is a sliding lever that locks down the spring loaded handle into the lid.  Although holding the lid down is recommended, even when spinning at high speed, the lid seems to stay in place pretty securely.  It is kind of hard to see the mechanism inside the lid, but hopefully any metal parts are corrosion resistant, as these would probably be the only things that might normally fail.The Oxo spinner is a little pricey, and takes up some space, but with a near perfect design, it is highly recommended if you enjoy serving a terrific salad.  It appears to be made of high quality materials, that should provide excellent results for a very long time, and is available in a variety of colors and sizes.  If you get one, the odds are very high that you will love it.  Bon appetite!
This is a great little brush. It fits the hand easily, scrubs the vegetables nicely and cleans up well. Going to be throwing a number of these little gems into the stockings next Christmas!
This is an excellent little vegetable brush that fits nicely in your hand, and is very easy to hold.My neighbor has very bad arthritis and I brought her over my brush to use, to see if it might be helpful to her while,cleaning vegetables.  Long story shirt, she loved it and bought her own.Great product!
I had just about given up on cooking potatoes with the skin left on because I couldn't for the life of me seem to get them clean enough to get rid of that nasty dirt flavor.Ahhhhh. This little brush works wonders. I glad I happened across it and got it. When you are cleaning the tater you can see the difference between an uncleaned spot and a clean spot. The brush is large enough to make even big spuds quick work.I'm 6 foot tall and have about average to large hands and the brush is just the right size. If your hands are bigger the brush should still be perfect. If you are petite and have really small hands you may want to get a brush with a handle.
Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushA truly indispensable piece that every kitchen should have.  This more than just a vegetable brush, but it's intended use is better than others on the market.  This brush cleans the soil off of potatoes, carrots, and turnips, beets and radishes, no matter how round, bumpy, or odd the surface, this brush's flexible body will follow the contours. The nylon bristles are strong and sturdy, dislodging dirt in deep nooks and crannies. The Good Grips line features durable, nonslip flexible handles on every product. better than anything that I've used.Some of the features are:* Flexible body follows the contours of unevenly shaped vegetables* Great for cleaning carrots and potatoes, beets, broccoli, and more* Ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably and softly* Nylon bristles clean thoroughly;dishwasher safe* Measures 5 by 2-3/4 by 2-1/4 inches; weighs 2 ouncesErgonomically designed to fit the palm of your hand comfortably and softly, the pressure-absorbing processed rubber handle puts less tension on the hands, while providing an outstanding grip. Made from the same material as dishwasher gaskets are constructed of, the handles are slip-proof, wet or dry, as well as dishwasher-safe.This brush cleans dirt off of sneaker bottoms, sand off of beach furniture, even the nooks and crannies around the BBQ grill, just make sure things are cold and off before cleaning the grill.  As the days pass more and more uses seem to crop up for this little in hand cleaning tool. This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite
I've never used a vegetable brush before, but after scrubbing potato skins until my skin started to prune, I figured I'd try it when it was on sale.Wow! I didn't realize how well a simple device like this could work! Scrubs and cleans potato skins perfectly, and about 90 percent faster than scrubbing with your fingers alone.This is just a great little implement, one of those things that makes an annoying chore go so much faster.Highly recommend for "non brush" types like myself.
I have been cooking for a long time.. 45 years in fact. This is the absolute best little kitchen item I own. It is without a doubt the best vegie brush ever. It actually cleans the vegies and does it with little effort.I am planning on getting more to give to my kids and friendss.. they must have one!It is easy to hold ( I do not have big hands) anddoes what it is meant to.I love it, and you will too.
For under $4, every kitchen should have one of these veggie scrubbers!  It fits nicely in the palm of my hand, scrubs vegetables and cleans up easily with a toss into the dishwasher.After several uses, I've yet to see brush strands come loose - a problem I have had with previous veggie scrubbers.  I've used it on potatoes, yams, cucumbers and celery.  The brush bristles are strong enough to clean and soft enough not to scrape the veggie.I have no complaints.  I highly recommend this bargain vegetable brush.
I bought it to qualify for a free S&H, and it works great. Easy grip, stiff hair, but soft enough for any type of veggies from tomatoes to potatoes.
Works well and cleans up well in the dishwasher. Basic item. The whole Oxo good grip thing is probably a whole lot less important on a veggie brush than for some of the other kitchen tools.
From reading the description, I was thinking this brush was soft and floppy.  Luckily, the "flexible" part must refer to the bristles, rather than the brush itself.The top of the brush is made with the standard Oxo soft rubber.  It is molded to fit easily and naturally in the palm of a hand, and is very easy to hold, even when wet.  The bristles are firm enough to get the dirt off mushrooms or potatoes, but not so firm that they damage the skins.It is a very useful little brush, doesn't take up much space in a drawer, and is easy to hold and use.  Plus, it feels more expensive than it is, which is always nice!
I have used this vegetable brush for just over a year, and it still looks brand new.  The bristles have not bent or fallen out.  It fits into the hand nicely, and is easy to use. The bristles are stiff enough to take care of business, but not so stiff that they rip up the skins on the vegetables.  Because the bristles are not harsh, I also use the brush on my hands to clean off ground-in dirt or paint.  Best of all, I can pop it into the dishwasher and restore it to germ-free cleanliness.  I am very satisfied with this product.
We find it perfect for cleaning veggies including potatoes. Love how it fits in the palm of your hand. And without a handle it takes little space for storage.
Good quality and it has held together for about 2 months now without coming apart.  I use it for scrubbing "stuff" rather than for scrubbing vegetables because the bristles are a bit stiffer than expected.  Still, I like the price and that amazon prime convenience.
A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years, concentrating on Italian food for the last 10 years, writes this review. My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute and "Culinary Artistry.  Cooking is my form of therapy.  I purchased this product when I began using citrus juice in many of my meals.  This product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining juice.Pros:1. Excellent for straining citrus juice to keep the seeds out of your foods2. Fits well over the top of a blender jar3. Hooks easily to the side of pans to keep if from slipping4. Great for straining spent vegetables from sauces5. Excellent for removing small pasta from boiling water6. Handle stays cool so that you don't need a potholder7. Nice flour sifter8. Makes a nice yogurt strainer for making a healthy non-fat yogurt cheese (line the inside with a paper towel or a couple of layers of cheese cloth)Cons:1. Cleaning is a little tedious (I find it works best if you soak it in another vessel that is filled with hot soapy water and use a brush to remove the residual "gunk")Overall, the concept is good and the product is useful and well made.  I recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook.
I'm not even sure what prompted me to buy this but I use it all the time so now I'm wondering how I got along without it.  I use it to wash rice and beans or anything else I want to strain the liquid from to make sauces.  Under the heading of too much information my garbage disposal recently died and my sink has always been slow draining so I've been using it to strain out the dredges from soaking pans.  It's disgusting but it helps keep the drain running.  Fairly easy clean up.
The mesh is double which makes it very strong and the handle is comfortable and strong... It is great for small items that might go through the holes of another strainer. This is the best mesh strainer I have. It is small in size. I love it for tiny pasta, crushed pineapple, etc.
It might seem expensive, but the quality is excellent, and I can tell it will last for years and years.  The sieve is very fine and holds a lot--great for my making yogurt cheese and baking needs.  Really love this, and the handle is very comfortable, too (as are most OXO tools).  The little tip on the opposite side is terrific for supporting it in a bowl, something I consider essential but many sieves don't have.  This was worth every penny!
I bought this to replace an old strainer I had used for years that had belonged to my Mother. This OXO strainer was the closest I could find to what I had been using. It seems very well made and the mesh is secure in the handle and does not push out on the sides which will  keep food from catching up under the rim.This  is actually nicer than I expected it to be, I like it. It will be used for straining seeds out of fresh squeezed lemon/lime juices, pulp from making almond milk, and for any of the smaller jobs that don't require a larger strainer. The little loop on the end helps this balance on bowls making it easy to pour your food without spilling. The handle has a nice grip that doesn't get hot and is easy to hold. I have no doubt that this will last for years.
Finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to OXO.  I love their good grips products.  All the handles look great, but are also very comfortable and practical.  This strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people.  You can use this double rod strainer not only for straining, but also for sifting flour, draining, and if need be - awkwardly steaming veggies over boiling water.It seems most people might go for the 8" instead, but this one works perfectly for making gnocchi from scratch.  You have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once.  Then you scoop them all up with the strainer (the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots).  Drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel.  Since you can do all this with one hand, you can use your other hand to grab more gnocchi to start a-boilin' quick as can be.Whatever you use it for, this is a high quality strainer that will last.
I went to a big chain store that sold several varieties of look-alike strainers. I tested them all by pushing down firmly on the mesh, approximating the amount of pressure I would use if I was trying to get the last juices out of meats and veggies from a homemade stock. The OXO was the only one that held together. On every other strainer, the screen came off the rim.I've been using this strainer regularly for a year. I am quite impressed by it. It is still in perfect shape. There is no rust nor discoloration. The wire mesh is still perfectly intact, smooth and round (unlike other strainers I've owned that are riddled with dimples). The handle has not bent one bit. The mesh has also been fine enough for all of my needs, without having to also use a cheesecloth as I did with other strainers.
This a Heavy Duty strainer and the mesh is quite stiff and the handle is thick and sturdy, which is great for pushing stuff through it. It is large enough to hold a whole can of veggies. Like it a lot!
We use this all of the time! It is amazing. Sturdy and durable with very fine double layered mesh - so no matter what you are needing to strain -- this will handle the job nicely.  I was worried that it would be a hard item to clean after use - but happily it cleans up in a flash and I have not had any problems with food being trapped in it at all.
I find that all the items I get for my kitchen form the OXO brand are just perfect. It's reliable and not expensive and the rubber handles that they always use are awesome, nothing slips and falls out of my hands. This is meant for sauces, to make them smooth and silky but I really use it for just about anything. The 6" diameter is large enough to strain potatoes and pasta, I usually don't cook for an army so if I was feeding more than 2 -3 people I would get the large size as well, but so far this has worked out perfectly. I still want to get a nice colander but when I'm draining something quickly this is easy to hold with one hand and pot or pan in other over the sink for a quick drain. The rubber handle takes the pressure of the hand and makes any job easier; I can really hold everything in one hand without bending my wrist in unnatural angles.The mesh basket is very well made and tightly woven, it lets all the liquid through without a problem and I never loose any food since the spaces are very small. After months of use and washing the shape doesn't have any dents in it and it's a cinch to wash, overall I use this anytime I wash fruits or drain pasta, potatoes and any veggies, its great for soaking anything that I want to remove quickly and all at once, like dried mushrooms or beans and so far no rust. Heck, you can even put powder sugar in this or flour for baking and sieve it to perfection.  I love buying kitchen tools and gadgets, problems is washing it all and running out of space, but its fun and it makes cooking and eating that much more pleasant.- Kasia S.
I have multiple sizes of strainers in my kitchen because they are so extremely handy to have around. I love OXO products in general, and this one matches their usual standard. It is well made with double weave, that is, two separate layers of mesh to prevent even very small particles from getting through. It is a good size to fit over the top of myVita-Mix blender, and it has a handy hook to keep it from slipping away from hot pots. The handle doesn't heat up, which is very important. Finally, in a pinch, it can double as a flour sifter.Highly recommended.
I have the 3" (OXO Good Grips 3-Inch Mini Strainer), 6" and 8" strainers in this design.  The 3" is extremely small so personally I would recommend buying only the 6 & 8" sizes unless you have something in particular you would use the 3" strainer for.  Overall these strainers are very sturdy, the handle is solidly fixed to the strainer, and the mesh is very rigid and keeps it's shape well (you can't poke it and make it deform).  The holes are very small which allows you to strain almost anything without losing part of what you're straining.  These may be a bit more expensive than your average strainer but the quality makes them worth the extra money and I'm confident they will hold up for a long long time.
This is an absolutely perfect size.  It is not so big that you won't find a place to store it, but large enough to hold a bunch of angel hair pasta that would slip right out of the little holes in a traditional colander.  It also fits over the sink so that I can pour the pasta (or whatever I'm draining) right into it, water and all, and have the water drain into the sink.It doesn't say in the description, but this is a double weave strainer.  In other words, there are two layers of thin metal mesh to ensure even the smallest seeds and particles are caught in the net.It has a traditional soft black rubber Oxo handle, too.  This is important when using it over the sink as it keeps it from slipping around when the water hits it.Nice!
Wonderful stainless steel strainer. Initially I bought the 6-inch and I was so pleased with it I decided I'd buy the 8-inch also as the fine mesh is perfect for sifting dry ingredients so I could ditch my old single purpose sifter. Great for scooping pasta out of boiling water.I really like OXO products...well made, user-friendly, dishwasher safe and they continue to look like new for years.
This strainer has a very fine mesh, as was noted by another reviewer, so I decided to try it.  I was SO pleased to fine a utensil with a fine enough mesh to be able to wash and rinse quinoa, since it's a very tiny granular grain that slips through most other  strainer screens.  Previous to buying the Oxo strainer, I had resorted to lining my other mesh strainer with coffee filters, which worked, but was a real pain to get the grain off the filter.  The mesh on this one also seems to be stiffer than some other models of strainers.  I have had to discard several other strainers of a similar type, that have had the screen crumple and pull away from the framework, over the years.  I am very happy with this item.
It does its job, it hasn't come apart, and it shows no signs of rusting or breaking.  All I want is a tool that does its job well.  This one does exactly that.  Its hardest use in my household is straining "things" from my beer and mead brewing experiments.  That typically means 5 gallons of hot fluid with varying weights of things that must be strained out.  No problems.
I almost didn't get this because I thought it was a tad spendy for a can opener, but I'm so glad I decided to just get it.  We have been using the same rusted out-hard to open up can opener forever.  Always saying we need a new can opener but never getting one.  The first time using this we said to ourselves how dumb we were to wait so long to get a new one.  This one works fantastically.  So smooth and quick and effortless to open a can.  It's the perfect weight and looks sharp too. This is definitely one of those you get what you pay for lesson learned situations.
I am 71 and have carpal tunnel and cubital tunnel syndromes of the right hand/arm.  This can opener is a joy to use and requires not much strength to open a can.  Didn't want an electric can opener sitting out all the time and they wind up not working after a while anyway. The manual cheapies are hard to work and I've gone through about 5.  So stupid since I would have saved money just paying up front for a good one.  Can't tell you how pleased I am with this OXO can opener.  It's worth the money.
If you are like me, you have likely tried several can openers and most of them have likely been of the electric variety.  Stop searching right now and pick up this Oxo Steel Can Opener.  With this can opener you will not be taking up space on the counter and you will not need multiple attempts to open up a can.  This opener gets it right almost every time and on the first try.  It does not take much strength and it is simple for just about anyone to turn the handle.The grips are sturdy and there is no slippage when opening cans.  It gives a smooth edge/cut.  I know it's difficult to rave about something so simple, but sometimes it's the simple things that matter.  My only complaint would be a simple one: it takes up a bit too much space in the utensil drawer.  But I'm more than willing to live with that if I can have a simple product that works.  Oxo got it right with this tool.
I highly recommend this can opener. I've owned it for 4 months. It operates smoothly and easily. No straining.  I don't like electric can openers because they get nasty fast, very unsanitary.  I prefer to toss this one into the dishwasher. I'm assured a clean and sanitary opener every time. I actually came here to buy a couple more.
It always seemed like I needed a new can opener every year.  They would get nasty, dull, harder to use, the crank would break, etc.  Not so with the OXO.  Originally purchased 4yrs ago, and it still looks and works the same as it always did.  A very good investment, having easily outlasted every other one I've bought and will continue to do so for a good long time to come.
I've used many can openers. OXO's SteeL is the best manual I've ever worked with. It locks onto lids without hassle and smoothly opens them with a minimum of effort. The rounder, ergonomic turning knob sets it apart from your standard fare of openers and it just seems much easier to turn. I've yet to find a can that it can't handle. It even goes through large 5 lb tomato cans from the value clubs with no fuss.Hand washing clean-up is as easy as it gets, and I prefer it to any electric that I've tried. The stainless steel finish is still holding up beautifully after over a year of nearly daily use. Our electric can opener resides in storage now. This is a good one folks!~ Kort
Oxo Steel Can OpenerThis is another kitchen essential and Oxo has made one that is very ergonomic, as it fits your hand very well. Stainless steel blades make it durable, and the large, soft turning knob is easy to manage. This can opener also features a built-in bottle cap opener, which is handy when you use sauces that have the older sealing cap on the bottle. What I was most impressed with is the large, smooth, plastic twist handle that fits nicely in the palm, this can opener operates with a minimum of effort. I always seem to have hands that are wet or damp making the flexible rubber fins aid in gripping of the handle while absorbing the tension necessary to keep the opener in place, while sharp, stainless-steel teeth bite into lids as a hot knife would make quick work of a stick of butter.Some of the features are:* Brushed stainless-steel handle has flexible rubber fins for comfort* Sharp stainless-steel teeth open cans easily* Large knob is easy to twist* Built-in bottle cap opener* Hand-washing is recommendedSturdy construction and a large twisting knob make this one of the best can openers on the market. I would recommend hand-washing, but this can opener has been in the dishwasher many times, to get any left over liquids or food particles off of the stainless steel.  For this purpose I use a toothbrush with a spot of Dawn dish-soap, rinse and pat dry, to get anything that would get sticky off of the opener.  When this opener is clean it works as brand new. Most manual can openers that I've used in the past have had a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can, but this can opener tracks very well. It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it's large mechanical advantage and handle construction. I am very pleased with this can opener. This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite
This is the best, easiest and fastest can opener I have used.I will never buy another kind again. I imagine it is something to do with the shape of the dial and the sharpness of the blade. I don't know and I don't care. All I know is that I love this can opener.
This opener cuts very clean.  It is unusually easy to turn.  We wish we had replaced our other opener with this one a long time ago.
Can openers just don't last forever.  I got this one after extensive research based on its high ratings by other reviewers, and based on the description of "stainless-steel teeth bite into lids with the agility of a great white shark."  How can you beat that?  Anyway, it is easy to use, it turns without any real wrist strength required and gets the job done.  I am sure that I will need another in a few years, but for the price, this one does the trick.
This opener deserves all the praise it has received from other reviewersI have arthritis in my hands and although I rarely use canned items, I do need one to open dog food and this opener is so very easy to use that I wish I had more cans to open.
This critter opens 8 cat food cans a day, day-in and day-out along with an assortment of pantry products for the family. Looks like I need a second one because we all wait at the dishwasher for the dry cycle.So far, it has held out over a year with no rust or fading.Only drawback is that the opener has cut off more cat whiskers than my p-38.G.I. P-38 Can Openers (15 Pack)
I grew up with electric can openers that inevitably broke or had a hard time attaching to the can, then the contents often spilled as I removed it from the magnetic holder. Back then the alternative was a hand-held manual one that was actually painful to use.After marrying we bought an electric can opener which broke soon thereafter. While waiting for the day when it was to be repaired (which ended up being never), I bought this OXO manual can opener thinking it would be a temporary and inexpensive solution. It is awesome. We have been using ours for about 5 years and it is still going strong. It is fast, easy to use, and comfortable. There is no pain or discomfort when holding it. It cuts the can cleanly and is just plain easier to use than electric can openers. We are sticking with the OXO can opener and not going back to electric openers.I highly recommend this can opener, ditch your electric can opener and make things easier on yourself!
I buy a lot of OXO kitchen items and invariably review them positively on Amazon. This can opener is no exception. It has a nice weight to it, but more importantly it is very easy to use. It cuts through cans like they were made of butter. It is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort. It is well made and easy to clean, though as the manufacturer points out it should be hand washed. It has soft hand grips which adds to the comfort factor. My only gripe is that this is on the big side so it isn't even remotely compact but it is very easy to find.Since I am not a fan of electric can openers due to cleaning issues, this is a nice alternative. It Is also great for anyone who might have arthritis in their hands or lack upper body strength since it requires very little effort.
I've had this can opener for almost 2 years and I can say that it still works and looks like new! I love it! It's so much easier to use than an electric opener. I've had tons of manual openers too and this has worked and lasted like a champ. When you're done with it, just throw it back in the drawer until next time - no more wasted space for an electric opener!
We've been using an electric can opener for years now, and it's all of a sudden decided to stop going around the can rim.  I contemplated getting another electric opener, but saw all the great reviews for this one and figured I'd give it a try.  I was definitely not disappointed.  It works much easier and quicker than an electric opener does!Very smooth can opening, no jagged edges to mess with, and, like I stated, much quicker than an electric.  It's a tad expensive but well worth the money.  I would highly recommend this product -- good for kids and adults with hand difficulties too!
Aren't can openers such a pain?  You have to have one around, but they always fall short of expectations because they're either too hard to use, too hard to clean, or in the case of the electric ones, they just stop working.  Until now!This can opener is easy to use, doesn't hurt my hand to crank, and won't break down like my electric.  In fact, since my electric one gets so messy after each use, I just pull this one out of the drawer instead.  No sense wasting electricity, even miniscule amounts, when this can opener is so convenient and takes little or no muscle to use.  It was a bit spendy for a can opener, but it should last a long time.  It is easy to clean but it doesn't even seem to get food on the blade like my electric one does.  The handles are nice and grippy, typical Oxo, and it has a nice weight to it.  It appears to be well built and pretty sharp.  I will never waste my money on electric can openers again.  You can even use this one when the power goes out!
This is a nice, modern, and well designed can-opener. Ergonomically, it blends form & function. Terrific.
I've been using an ancient swing away for 25 years and it just didn't work anymore. OK, so it didn't owe me anything and worked great for the price but after trying this one by Oxo I didn't know how good a can opener could be. I know, how excited can you be over a can opener after all, it just opens cans right? Well yes thats all it does but it does it so easily and so cleanly it is truly a pleasure to use. It cuts clean and doesn't twist the can dumping liquid all over the counter. I love the handle which protrudes out just enough so you can get a good easy grip and it turns effortlessly. I think this is very well thought out, great product.
I have been very pleased with my purchase of the OXO can opener.  This is heavy and very durable.  This can open anything from soup cans, large fruit cans, and large coffee cans easily.  I have read that OXO designs their products so they will be easy to use, and easy on your hands.  I have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use.  If you are looking for a replacement can opener, I think you will find this a good one to choose.
I don't like electric can openers so I am always looking for a nice manual one.  I've purchased a couple of really expensive European models from specialty cooking stores (I love those places but I tend to spend a LOT of money on impulse and then I don't always use the things that I buy).  The expensive pairs are nice but I have to say that they are not as comfortable as this one. I hate looking for a can opener when I need one so I keep several around. For the price this is a great value and even though I have large hands it's really comfortable.
This came in a package of three items.  The pastry brush, pastry cutter, and the pastry dough cutter.They have comfy handles and are a great addition to your kitchen.
It chops veggies, it scoops, it cuts dough, it scrapes, it measures. There is nothing else like it. The handle is comfortable and fits nicely in the hand. Quality product!
I don't bake much anymore, I live alone and am diabetic so making a batch of brownies (mmm brownies) would not be a good thing, since I could easily eat an entire batch myself in a few days. I do chop a lot of veggies, though and this thing works great for transferring them to the pot/pan without losing them to the floor in the process. It is a sturdy little thing, I've had it around 8 years and it's had many many trips through the dishwasher in that time and held up nicely. Highly recommended!
The &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; is very sturdy, cleans up easily, and is excellent for cutting yeast dough without tearing the gluten strands. The 1/4&#34; markings on the 6&#8221; blade are extremely useful since, when directions call for specific sized pieces, the markings save having to estimate size.  Further, because they are &#8220;engraved&#8221; into the blade&#8217;s surface, there is little danger of scrubbing off the markings.  The cushioned grip is comfortable to hold.  If you bake frequently, the &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; will be a valuable addition to your baking tool collection.
Great little gadget.......OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper...a necessity for any kitchen....I even bought extras for my kids!~ I recommend this to other viewers!`
I have granite counter tops.  I am not a tidy cook.  This scrapes all my untidiness off the granite and into the oubliette.It gets up under dough while kneading, freeing from any sticking.  When ready to partition the dough it cuts neatly.When chopping or mincing tons of veg, this little thing slides nicely under the pile and carries it handily to the cooking pot.Every kitchen should have one.  Sometimes I think two would be even better.
This is a great pastry/bench scraper.  I primarily use mine for cutting gnocchi, and it does a great job.PROS:* Keeps its edge* Stainless steel - easy to clean* Comfortable handle* Includes measurement marking - they are engraved on the blade which is very handy - they will never rub off!CONS:*None
this is a very nice scraper has a nice weight to it I use it all the time never had a problem with it itsdishwasher safe well worth the money.
Oxo is fond of rubberized grips, which do make for comfortable usage. I honestly don't think there is much to a Pastry tool such as this to help convince you whether you want to purchase it or not.It's a simple multi-purpose tool and made well, comfortable, has convenient measurements etched into the sides and priced reasonably well.The only disadvantage to having a nice comfortable grip is that it is bulky and takes up an uneven amount of drawer space since it doesn't sit flush on its side. Your mileage may vary depending on your drawer space and orientation.
This is what a dough scraper should be, metal, stainless steel, with a comfortable plastic handle. Made to fit your hand comfortably and can be used to scrape dough from, well, pretty much anything.Buy one you'll like it.
This is a great paster scraper, the measurements on it are handy and the plastic handle very pleasing to grip. It cuts easily through dough, even some of my thick cookie doughs. Don't think that it's only for pastry though! I use it all the time when cutting up veggies, etc. rather than using my knife to scoop things off the cutting board. Much safer and gives you more surface area to carry items with as well. Definitely an item every kitchen needs!
I finally ordered this after getting tired of hand scraping pastry off of the (clean) countertops when baking and I am very pleased with this purchase! It has so many uses. I now use it daily to scrape veggies and fruits off of the cutting board, scrape things off of the countertops, and for light chopping now and then. It is also excellent for cutting pizza (works better than my pizza cutter!), cutting sandwiches, just about anything! It's now my favorite kitchen utensil and I'm so glad I ordered it.
Although this is described as a pastry scraper, we have found it has many uses. It is an all-purpose scraper/cutter. Oxo is known for ergonomically designed tools, combining form & function.  This is perfectly balanced & weighted  & fits the hand of many people (from kids to big men).A well designed piece of equipment like this makes cooking even more pleasurable & helps to broaden the scope of your culinary talents!This tool is very helpful in the creation of the perfect pizza, breads, doughs, and yes-even meatloaf!
This was a great buy!  It is very solid and makes cutting through dough/pastry so easy.  Also feels good in my hand.
Update 8/25/07:  I love this so much that I bought a second one!  Now I have one for baking and another for everything else.  When I cook big meals, I tire of having to rewash it.This is my second bench scraper.  The first was a single sheet of metal that curved to form a handle.  The measurements were painted on it.  I probably paid $3 for it.  After repeated use and trips to the diswasher, the measurements began to wear off and the bottom started to get uneven.I am so thankful for this version by OXO!  There's the obvious sturdy handle, but what I love the most is that the measurements are etched instead of painted.  I have to have the measurements because I use bench scrapers to measure the thicknes of dough in addition to cutting product (you'll never cut brownies or bars again with a knife) and cleaning the board.  This product is a lot heavier than my previous version and I like the weighty feel.Dishwasher safe.
Oxo's Good Grips Pastry Scraper is an indispensable tool in the kitchen, not just for dough scraping / dividing, but also for cutting brownies and fudge, chopping chocolate, and even chopping nuts and veggies.Hefty in the hand, the pastry scraper is a substantial weight with an ergonomic handle that makes it easy to hold onto. However, the blade is lethally sharp; be particularly cautious if you're chopping something hard like carrots where the blade is likely to bounce or slip; a trip to the emergency room might result (haven't had it happen with this, but two of my (klutzy) family members sliced themselves open on theOXO Good Grips Mango Splitterblade). This is an invaluable tool for slicing brownies or bar cookies in the pan, for dividing yeast doughs before baking, and for chopping last-minute ingredients; in fact, you might want to order two, since this might become your favorite kitchen tool.
I've had this scraper for about two years now, and it still looks like new.  Stiff, heavy blade of high-quality stainless steel.  Deeply engraved measurements along the edge, and a nice thick handle on the top of grippy oxo rubber.  Very useful for scooting large quantities of chopped nuts, flour, and other ingredients.
I cannot believe I've cooked and baked for 41 years without this little beauty! I remember getting a silicone pastry scraper as a "give away" a bazillion years ago. It was thick yet flimsy, the surface was easily roughened in no time it snagged and tore the dough and was such an ineffectual scraper it was a joke. After a few attempts I threw it out! I am a total fan of "kitchenalia" my word for pots, pans, appliances, dishes and specialty gadgets that really work...but I HATE JUNK that simply litters kitchen drawers and/or don't work or are more trouble than they are worth.But I kept watching various cooking shows (America's Test Kitchen, Baking with Julia, etc.) and finally thought OK I'll try this OXO pastry scraper. WOW This little beauty is a dream! I cannot believe I didn't own one. The scraper has a smooth, thin (important in lifting delicate pastries which might tear easily) edge or you don't want the heat of your hands warming up the dough. It is sturdy stainless steel. Love the great grip AND a real bonus the bottom edge has a ruler so convenient when the recipe gives a measurement to roll or cut into certain thickness or size. It chops/minces little batches of herbs too but I have plenty of things that but nothing like this to scrape, lift and measure. Trust me even if you think you don't need it...you'll love it.
My son decided he wanted to make a double batch of decorated sugar cookies for the holidays. We used the recipe in Joy of Cooking which is tasty but stuck terribly to our board. We tried everything....putting the dough back in the fridge, using wax paper and nothing worked.Then I remembered that I had bought this pastry scraper a few months ago and stuck in in my baking cupboard.  I found it and it was like night and day getting those cookies rolled and cut.A great product, very sturdy and I won't try to make cookie cutter cookies without it again! :-)
These are absolutely the best I have ever used.  First, they are accurate.  I tested them for both dry ingredients and liquids with a digital scale and a known to be accurate liquid measure.  This is important to me when baking, especially breads.  The set includes a half-tablespoon and a 1/8 teaspoon, both handy sizes and often not included in sets.  The sizes are in easy to see colors.  They feel good, at least in my hands by having a non-slip surface, good length and substance that should last many years.  I wear a 7-1/2 glove if that gives an idea of scale.  They move freely on the keeper loop, as well as remove and reattach easily.  It doesn't seem like they are going to come apart in the drawer, so this may need an update later.  The black color did not hurt being able to see dark spices, or clear liquids too badly.  I'd like a second set so I have one set for liquids and one for dry ingredients.  I realize that black is an OXO "thing" but I hope they consider offering this product in a lighter color.
OXO makes great kitchen tools and this is no exception.  These are well made and dishwasher safe.  There are plenty of sizes to get the right amount of what you need for your baking.  I highly recommend this, but if you want a measuring set with less sizes on it, the stainless steel one by OXO is nice too.
These measuring spoons are accurate, and include 1/8 tsp measure, as well as 1/2 TB measure. Very handy to have around. The handles are thick and chunky. The loop that holds them together will easily snap on or off. The loop is also LARGE, which means that if you have pot hooks above you, they will quite happily hang from said hooks.As with the measuring cups of the same variety, I don't think that the numbers will stay brightly coloured, as they're on a raised surface, but since the surface is raised, you can still tell what size you're working with.Bonus feature: since these are plastic, a tiny drop of oil will work to keep them clean if you're measuring something sticky, like peanut butter, maple syrup, or corn syrup. The ovular shape makes it so that they will most likely fit into the mouths of most spice jars. I have another set of measuring spoons that are made of metal, and are perfectly round. The perfectly round shape will not fit into my smaller spice jars. Boo. These, however, with the oval shape, sneak right in.
So one of the biggest complaints on this product was the markings wearing off, sometimes very fast.  We were victim of this with a set of the OXO measuring cups, they lost their markings and it's very hard to see what they are.However with the newest set of OXO measuring cups, and with these measuring spoons, we haven't had any issues.  The markings are raised up, so even if the markings had come of (they haven't) you would be able to tell what it was still.  They've been through the dishwasher multiple times, and still there, so I think they've finally fixed their issue.Other than that, these are great measuring spoons, easily pulling off the ring without having to open the entire ring up, and work great like I expect OXO products to.
These are the best measuring spoons I have ever used !! They have brightly colored numbers so you can see what your grabbing. they are non slip so if you have dexterity problems they are easy to hold onto & they are dishwasher safe. Who could ask for more? They are a valauble addition to my kitchen !! I'm glad I got them!!
I have the larger measuring cup set as well and I'm very pleased with both. They clip securely to the ring and stack nicely within each other. The classic Oxo rubber grip is a nice touch and I haven't experienced any wearing of the lettering. I do use these in the dishwasher but I don't use the heat dry function.
What I like the best about this set is how easy it is to take them off the ring (or put them back). I prefer to have the Tbl and tsp freestanding, and with this set it's easy. I also appreciate having the 1/2 Tbl and 1/8 tsp sizes, which many sets leave out. What I like the least about the set, surprisingly, is the color. I usually love black, but they don't "pop" out of the drawer like the green and white ones I have do.I haven't put them through the dishwasher much yet, so I can't speak to the label issue. But the writing is raised, so I don't expect it to be a problem.
I am a fan of Oxo good grips products, and these are no exception. I have a very nice set of stainless measuring spoons that I adore, but had gotten to the point where I wanted a second set. These are perfect.Pros:1. Spoons easily detach from the ring.2. I do actually like the "good grip" on these. Who would think you'd care for measuring spoons! But they're flexible in a pleasant way, and I do appreciate this about them.3. Dishwasher safe!4. Six sizes, not just four: 1 T, 1/2 T, 1 tsp, 1/2 tsp, 1/4 tsp, and 1/8 tsp.Indifferents:1. "Color-coded markings"... it would take some time to learn the colors (I don't believe orange is the universal color for 1/8 tsp, for example  :-), and hey, I can read the markings.Cons:1. I got nothin'. I really love love love my stainless, but these are quite good.
Oxo usually makes quality products, but these measuring spoons are even a cut above expectations.  The handle is open so the spoons can be detached and reattached to an oval ring, for use of use and storage.  The measurements are clearly marked on the handle in a contrasting color, too.  These could not be improved.
I can always rely on innovative products from this company!  Perfectly balanced and shaped measuring cups--it even includes a 2/3 measure which I've never seen before.  Durable enough, I can even throw them in the dishwasher without fear of fading colors or melting.  A beautiful set.
The OXO Good Grips 6-Piece Measuring Cup Set comes with all of the measuring cups hooked together. They are easily separated, but I've decided to just let mine rest inside each other without the hook. It works better for me. If I were going to hang them, of course, I would need the hook.I love the shape and weight. I recommend them!
I didn't need another set of measuring cups...but my hands are getting older(the rest isn't?) I have owned many OXO items and they are easier to hold etc.so I thought that these might fall into that same category.  They SURE DID!The handles are what I love most about OXO things...this set has the soft feelplastic grip that are a bit larger than the typical handle on this kind ofproduct.  They come on a plastic ring but each measure has a little hook builtinto the end so they are easy on and easy off...mine will remain off  =)  PLUSthe style of the cups themselves, they have a slight "pour" shape (not a liplike most measuring cups would have) so it was easier to scrape things out withmy small spatula.  You get the typical 1c. 1/2c. 1/3c. PLUS it came with a 2/3c.and a 1/4c. AND a 3/4c. (that was a new size for me) and I noticed that eachmeasure has a marking 1/2 way up on the inside...so decided to test the volumeof them, if its a 1/2c. the inside is 1/4c. etc. so you actually even have a1/8th cup measurement available too in the inside of the 1/4c.Ok...why am I excited about all of this?  I can get rid of the cheap $1.00 setI have that the handles are miserable to hold onto (AND CLEAN!!) and I havefrom 1 cup to 1/8th cup in one set that are easier to measure with, clean andstore.  Works for me!!
I'm used to using measuring implements with a bit of weight. Metal, with more metal, held together by metal. These guys are plastic, and chunky as heck. The shape of the measuring cups is such that the flour tends to not stick to the corners of the bottom. You know how when you measure out things like corn starch on a humid day, and the thing tends to stick to the bottom, because of the shape of the measuring device? Because these have a rounded edge, as well as that ovular shape with tapered stuff going on, the flour seems to slip right out. Definite bonus.I don't think that the numbers will stay the colour that they are for very long, as the increment of the size of cup is printed on raised lettering with a coat of paint over it. Because it's raised, it's going to be exposed to the elements more than it would if it were sunken into the handle. That being said, because it is raised, there is no pocket for flour to collect in. This means that if I need to switch from regular baking to gluten free baking, I need only give the cups a quick rinse, and I'm safe. With other measuring cups, who have things pressed into them, there is the concern that flour will collect into those pockets, and not come out completely.In my hands, they feel a bit chunky. I'm not a huge fan of the feel, but I guess that if you had small hands, or other such issues with gripping things, you'd appreciate the feel.They have the increments that bakers use, like 1/3, 1/4, 1/2, but also 3/4, and 2/3. VERY handy, so that you don't need to repeatedly do 3 separate 1/4 cup measurements if you want 3/4 of a cup of something. Very handy. The loop that they attach to can easily be snapped on or off. Handy feature. I don't like the cups lassoed together while I bake. I prefer to unhook them, do my measuring, wash them off, then put them back on the ring for storage.
Since we wanted a set with 3/4 and 2/3 in it, and we were a fan of the OXO brand we purchased the previous version of these measuring cups.  Even knowing the major complaint of the numbers washing off.Well, they've been good measuring cups, and the numbers have indeed worn off.  It's not a huge deal, but before you grab one, you end up having to go through the stack to make sure it's exactly what you think it is.What is new and improved - 3 things from what I can tell.- Sizes are now raised!  They are still colored, but instead of round screen printed dots, they are raised fractions (still painted..which may wear off)- Scoop like shape.  Makes for easier pouring, and easier scooping out of containers.- Now clip onto ring.  Before there was a ring that you had to pull apart, which means you had to thread them on.  These cups have cut outs allowing you to easily snap them on/off the ring.  Before we just threw the ring out since it was a huge pain.  This one should allow us to keep them organized better.What's worse.- Egg separator no longer included (we didn't personally use it, but still is a loss not getting it)What's the same (and still good)- Still have a raised line indicating the halfway mark on each cup.- rubberized outsides (easy to grip and hold on to, even with wet hands)- smooth insides (most ingredients slip right off)I believe the limitations (that we were willing to live with) have now been removed, so these should now meet the same high expectations I have of other OXO products.
It is next to impossible to find fault with almost anything that OXO makes.  Sometime ago I bought a set of OXO measuring cups and have been delighted with them.  I did not think that OXO could do better and I am pleasantly surprised about the new set.  It has 5 cups and a holder unlike 4 cups and no holder from the first set.  The handles are perfect for my hands and the softness of them assures me that holding the cups will not result in spilled goods.  I am not a design engineer but that dose not preclude me from saying that the design of the new cups is far superior to the old ones.  The reason is that these are oval and not round.  Oval cups provide me with better handling and sometimes that is critical.  The walls are about the same but the news ones are a tad bigger.  I washed them in the dishwasher and that worked well with no issues.  I like the holder and the way it keeps the cups together.  What's worse than having to plunge through a kitchen drawer looking for the 1/4 cup cup?  Now if I need a 1/3 cup it's there on the holder and easily removed while the others stay put.  All together this is a well made and useful set of measuring cups that is useful in almost any kitchen or garage.
Although a kitchen veteran, I'm relatively new to baking.  For baking, a measuring cup that can easily scoop flour, sugar, etc., and that can be leveled with the back of a knife flush to the top of the scoop for precise measure - that's the ideal.  And that's what Oxo has created here.Before, I've had scoop sets but they were round or cylindrical.  You've got to use and compare that kind to this set to really appreciate how an oval scoop shape can get into those corners of a flour/ingredient container.  It seems like a small thing, but between that and the ergonomic handles, this set will have you throwing out older, cheaper scoops in a heartbeat.I don't know how the colored numbering on the handles will wear.  I have a similar measuring spoon set from Oxo that is a few years old, also black, and on those the size numbers have started to wear off.  However, on the new scoops, the numbers are not just painted but raised, so you could still make out the measure size, under decent light, even if the paint were to come completely off.Another reviewer complaint I've noticed is stuff sticking to the inside of the scoops. Yes, even flour tends to leave a bit of a residue on the spoon after measuring, moreso than with some other plastic and glass measures I've used.  But it's an insignificant and residual quantity, irksome only insofar as you can't always fudge and scoop from one container, then another, without rinsing between those uses, if you don't want to cross-contaminate the flour with cocoa or whatever.L-O-V-E these scoops.  For style and precision, they're a Porsche 911 to the dollar store's Yugos.
This 6 piece set of measuring cups comes in handy in the kitchen. When baking and you need to get the measurements correct these cups are what you need. They nest together and snap onto the retaining ring. They are dishwasher safe. The measurements are marked on the handle.
This set of measuring cups is a cut above most collections, because it includes 1/3 and 2/3 measures, too.  The amounts are clearly marked in a contrasting color on the handle.  The cups are attached to an oval ring by open hooks that are easy to detach and reattach after use.  These are just a top-notch product.
In looking at the reviews for these, I see that the most common complaint is that the measurement size indicators on the cups wear off over time. When I got mine, I placed one of them in the top rack of my dishwasher where it has remained since. I run my dishwasher every night, "light" wash (1 pre-rinse with no soap, wash cycle, and several rinse cycles), Cascade Gel dishwasher soap, non-heated drying. After six weeks of this treatment, the markings show no sign of wear whatsoever. OXO has commented in some of the reviews here that they changed their manufacturing process in response to the complaints and that seems to have remedied the problem. The part number on the set I received is 76181.In all other respects, the cups are excellent. They are sturdy and made of the same easy-to-grip black rubber material that OXO uses in many of their products. Each cup has a half-way line molded into the shape of the cup so, for instance, you could use the 1/2 cup to measure 1/4 cup by filling just to this line. The cups are scoop shaped rather than round to make inserting them into bags, boxes and canisters a little easier. They come with a ring that attaches and detaches easily to make it easy to keep them together when storing.OXO gives you a couple of non-standard sizes with this set: 2/3 cup and 3/4 cup. I would have preferred 1/8 and 3/8 cup sizes instead, but that's merely my preference as I frequently cook just 1 or 2 portions of a recipe and often need the smaller sizes.I have many OXO products, from mixing bowls to a sink strainer and find them uniformly good and thoughtfully designed.
I was looking for a new set of measuring cups to replace the set that I received for a wedding present back in the Pleistocene Era.  Therefore I jumped at the opportunity to evaluate this product.Cons:  Because the cups are elongated rather than tall and the handles are long, they do take up more space in a drawer.  So if you have limited storage, you might not be crazy about the size.Be aware that apparently this set no longer comes with an egg separator, as referenced in some of the reviews.Pros:  Oxo obviously listened to the people who griped because the colored dot indicating size apparently easily wore off. The number is now embossed into the handle, so even if the paint fades away the volume measure can still be read.These are sturdy cups, and hold up to vigorous scraping with a rubber spatula without the handle bending.I like the fact that there is a loop to keep the set together, but each cup can easily snap off or onto the loop.  I personally like my set to be kept together, no digging around in the drawer looking for the right one.I also like having the 2/3 and 3/4 size cups.  My old set had that feature, and I found it to be really handy.The inside is very smooth, so they wash up like a dream.  The description says dishwasher safe, but so far I have only washed them by hand.The pour-spout shape helps keep ingredients from going all over the place when being poured into the mixing bowl, especially if you are adding something that needs to be mixed in gradually.I like this set!
Boy oh boy, can I get excited about a measuring cup, or what?  I am so very pleased with this Oxo Good Grips 6-piece measuring cup set.  I have have had several sets of measuring cups, both metal and plastic, including those famous home party brands.  They all do the job, I guess, but they all pale next to Oxo...  First of all, these are made of a substantial heavy plastic, that has a great "no flex" feel, with of course the classic Oxo non slip handle grip.  All of the sizes are very clearly marked, so as not to confuse a 1/3 cup with a 1/2 cup measure, and they include a couple non standard measures, like 3/4 and 2/3 cup, which is very handy.  The shape of the cups is rather unique, with an oval, shallower bowl, that will more easily fit inside many containers to "scoop" out the contents, which is where those heavier firmer handles come in handy.  All of the cups sit firmly, without being the least bit "tippy" both when empty, or when filled with dry ingredients.  And best of all, these measures actually nest compactly, in a shallow stack that is not likely to tip over and scatter, even if you do not snap them back on the handy ring that they come on.  These cups are the best designed measures that I have ever used, and they are taking front and center in my baking cabinet.  Way to go, Oxo!

Living up to the brand name of OXO these are one nice set of measuring cups.  I really don't know how they will not last forever.  They are so attractive and well made.  They are stainless steel with an attaching ring where the cups could be removed if so desired.  If not, that ring serves to keep all of the cups in one place and together.  There is a hard rubber edging to each of the cups so that they will stay nice and not bend.  Wish you all could see for yourself how truly nice these are.  I am one happy consumer.  This is a strong recommend to buy.  Treat yourself well and indulge in these.
Love the rubberized handle that are easy to grip even if your hands are slippery.  Came out perfectly in the dishwasher.  They have a nice weight to them, so I never worry about them getting bent or dinged when they get tossed in a drawer.  Plus the size marking is large, colored, and raised so they are very easy to read (unlike my old set that was just stamped with the size so you had to catch the light to read it).  Best set of measuring cups I've ever owned.
Oxo Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a nice change from the plastic measuring cups and I love that these stainless steel cups makes it much easier to clean oil from the cups. When I measure oil it usually takes me a few times to get the oil completely out of the measuring cups, but with these stainless steel measuring cups cleanups are that much easier.These cups fit in perfect with my stainless steel kitchen and it is the nicest accessory for your kitchen. I love the rubber grips on the ends and the grips are the perfect added accents to these cups. You will love them for your kitchen or buy them as a gift for your family or friends because they will love them too.
OXO is a New York City based manufacturer of quality housewares. The company was created by Sam Faber to market ergonometrically-designed product. OXO products can easily be recognized by their comfortable handles and quality of manufacturer.These stainless steel measuring cups are definitely in the OXO tradition. They work wonderfully, and I have no problem keeping hold of the rubberized grips. When measuring something hot, I had no trouble with the handles becoming too warm, which was very nice. Also, they seem to stand up to the action of my dishwasher very well. I think that they are great!(Review of OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design)
These measuring cups are accurate, easy to use and clean up nicely in the dishwasher.The handles are easier to hold than the thinner metal handles of other measuring cups and the cups sit solidly on the counter without tipping.I am very pleased with these essential kitchen helpers.
This set of four measuring cups is constructed to last a lifetime, in my opinion. It would be very difficult to break one.Made of stainless steel, these cups are very convenient to scoop and measure flour, sugar and ingredients both dry and liquid.Like all OXO products, they have good, sturdy handles.Because they are stainless steel as opposed to plastic, they should not absorb much in the way of germs or discoloration.The measurements are very clearly seen. They are really a great kitchen utensil.I love OXO products and especially these measuring spoons.You can also hang them for easy access.Highly recommended!
I am very pleased with these stainless steel measuring cups.  Tapered, they feature  rubber handles with color coded measurement markings stamped in. The brightly colored markings are easy to read and are permanent. The handles are short but sturdy and I have experienced none of the bending complained about in the earlier version. The rubber does provide a good grip, especially when your hands are wet or greasy. The set contains four cups in the standard 1/4 cup, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup sizes. Diswasher safe, they easily snap on and off the plastic ring which makes them convenient to hang. I like the look and feel of these cups and so far they have not faded, pitted or discolored. OXO does have an unconditional guarantee. I wish the set included more sizes but for an attractive starter set, they measure up.
I did not find any negatives for this product. Please check the review date on some of the less favorable reviews. - as the 2-and-1/4 inch rubber handles do not bend on the 2013 model.  I even checked the volume of the individual cups and they are right on. The material is sturdy, dishwasher safe.
Before I decide to choose an item for review I will sometimes look at the current reviews to see what others think of an item or read their experiences with it.  I almost decided to pass after reading about the flimsy handles.  I'm so glad I didn't.  OXO makers appear to have taken customers complaints into consideration and have corrected previous design flaws.The set I received do not have bendable handles.  The improved handles are metal dipped in silicone with the measurement size printed in a bright colour.  I tried to bend the handles and couldn't.  The cups are easy to hold and use.  They don't topple over when full as other measuring cups I've used have a tendency to do.  They clip on and detach from the included storage ring easily and it can also be used to hang the cups from utensil racks such asEnclume MPU-13 RACK IT UP Utensil Bar Pot Rack, with 8 Hookscurrently in my kitchen.They are dishwasher safe.  Although I normally hand-wash these I did run them through the dishwasher to test and they came out looking like new.They are a bit pricey but now that I've seen them up close and use them most every day I think they are worth it.
My first impression when lifting these out of the box was how heavy they are!  They are really solid, thick and well made and I am happy to add them to my kitchen.  The handle has a comfortable grip and the way they slip on and off the ring makes it very easy to detach, use, wash, and reattach, keeping the set together.  Moreover, they are attractive enough that I don't mind hanging them from a hook under a cabinet, where they are easily accessible at all times.  Great product!
I really like the shape of these measuring cups.  You can scoop ingredients perfectly with this particular shape.  I like OXO products because of the rubber grips.  I did take them off the ring because it kind of makes they cumbersome to use.  A real nice surprise about the one cup measure.  I was having a dinner party the day after these arrived and the one cup measure scoops ice from the ice keeper I use.  Perfectly.  It will scoop exactly what you need for a glass.  I  was so happy about this since using tongs takes about 5 tries to get ice into a glass.I am very pleased with the heavy quality of these measuring cups too, they should last for years and years over the plastic ones.
I'm becoming a big fan of OXO products--they are all that good. The Good Grips measuring cups are a nice heavy stainless steel design. They easily hook/unhook from a plastic clip. The slightly oblong shape makes it easy to dip in to sugar, flour, etc. The handles feel sturdy, are rubberized and have a different color for each measurement. The icing on the cake....they can go in the dishwasher! Wahoo!!!
I am a very big Oxo fan, and with good reason.  Their products tend to be of excellent quality, and usually are not expensive.  And they also listen to their customers.Case in point, these redesigned measuring cups.  The original design was OK but had issues, particularly the handle which was longer and could bend.  The redesigned handles are shorter and stronger.  The labeling has also been changed.  Previously the marking were in ink, like most measuring cups, and of course the ink rubs off over time.  The new markings are molded into plastic on the handle.The set includes 4 cups (1, , 1/3, and  cups).  While these cups cost more than your typical plastic measuring cups, they are very nice.  They are made of stainless steel.  The handles are also metal, with a plastic covering on most of the handle.  Each handle is marked: 1 cup,  cup, 1/3 cup, and  cup.The handles of all four cups connect together with a plastic ring.  Unlike most cup sets, the cups can easily detach from the ring by snapping off and back on.  The Oxo design is more of an open notch where the ring snaps in, rather than the usual "shower curtain" type ring that snaps together.Being stainless steel, the cups look nice.  So nice that you could actually leave them out in a utensil set, etc. More importantly, they handle very nicely, ingredients like flour, sugar, etc. tend not to stick to the steel.  Cleanup is a breeze by rinsing with water, or when you've gotten them stick/dirty, throwing the cups in the dishwasher.I also checked and found that these are very true to size.  Some cup sets are approximate and if you measure against a "known cup" you'll sometimes find a plastic measuring cup set is close but not completely accurate.  The Oxo set is very close to perfect, in that the  cup si a true  cup, and so on.While you can certainly find cheaper measuring cups, these are very nice, and worth the price.
I have very poor vision so compared with my other set of stainless measuring cups, that  are identified by an etched number  that I have to use a lighted magnifier to see, these are a breeze to identify.  They are nice to use, balanced I suppose, and the rubber grip helps too.  The short rubberry handles are way more comfy in my hand than the longer, narrow, steel handles of my old stainless cups (which are now in the donation box).  The cups attach to a ring by way of a notch in the cup handles.  I don't keep the cups on the ring because to me it's a hassle wrenching them off to use them.  but I can see where having them on the ring would be handy for hanging if that is the method of storing.
the gentle slope makes it easier to wash; the straight angle ones stuff gets stuck at the angle.good for portion control projects - you can just keep the scoop in the cereal box, etc.the black rubber theme, you either love or hate.  I don't really care.  Also I have a bunch of OXO products already.
I am always a fan of OXO products--in fact, I already own a 6-piece set of their measuring cups in the old black design.  However, my set is about 10 years old, and the numbers are wearing off, so I was interested in trying this newer set, especialy since the stainless/black matches my new kitchen.First, I love the design of these new measuring cups.  The stainless is ideal, yet the black rubberized handle not only looks good, but also is practical as well.  I also like the raised numbers--hopefully, the numbers will not wear off this time!  I thought I would like the fact that each of these cups could be removed from the ring holder individually; this was a great idea, but in reality, it was still a pain to execute, and (as I usually do with measuring cups/spoons) I wound up removing the ring completely.  So instead, I have these cups nestled in my drawer.  (One note about this:  the design of these cups makes them stack rather high; I had to stack the 1-cup measure separately from the other three.)Overall, these measuring cups are a nice update from my prior set.  I will keep my old set, as I do like to have extra measuring cups on hand if needed, and for one other reason:  my old set includes a 2/3 c. and 3/4 c. measure, which I LOVED--I wish this set did as well!  For that reason, I rate this set 4 1/2 rather than a full 5 stars.
It seems like I use a lot of measuring cups when I work in the kitchen, particularly for bread baking. These work well for dipping grain out (I grind my own flour), measuring honey, molasses, and oils, or just about anything else I need them to do.When I put them in the dishwasher, I turn them over so they will drain. They easily just slip right off the ring and go right back on again with no problem. Personally, I prefer to keep them off the ring. They work well either way.I love the shape and convenience. These are keepers!
f you want measuring cups that are going to last for a very long time, these OXO measuring cups are for you. These 4 cups (1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup) are heavy with a black rubber handle and measurement markings stamped in color (different colors for each size, though the blue and green of the 1/3 and 1/2 cup are very similar - they're not as bright as shown in the image of the product). The stamped measurements will last and won't disappear after numerous washings. The 4 cups are on a ring to keep them together which I removed - I found that inconvenient when using them (I'd rather just dig in my drawer and find the cup I want).The cups are easy to use and easy to clean. Looking over past reviews, it appears that there was a problem with bendable handles which OXO has since fixed. These redesigned measuring cups don't have that problem. I found the rubber handles easy to use - the cups are easy to grab and hold onto - even with wet hands.
In the past I've always gone for the cheapest set of measuring cups I could find. Then I've watched over time as they've become stained, warped, and useless. Sometimes, it's worth a little more to get the best, and these are the best. They look great, they measure perfectly, they feel good in the hand when you hold them. As usual OXO has set the bar high with their excellent looks and function. If you don't mind spending a little more, you'll end up with a lot more, measuring cups that put a smile on your face every time you use them.
I received these via Amazon Vine. When I lifted them out of the box I actually got excited.I paid good money for a black set of POURfect measuring cups that just didn't work for me (can't see measuring amount & cumbersome to use). The OXO Good Grips are perfect. There are only four cups; they're weighty because they're stainless steel; the bottoms are flat and stay put on the counter; the ring is sturdy enough to hang the cups on a hook; each cup can be removed from the ring and snapped back in; the measure markings are color-code and bright - good for for my weary eyes; and the grips are larger (and soft) than most measuring cup handles -- perfect for my older hands.I use these daily. Love Them...
These measuring cups are great.  They are weighted perfectly and are easy to fill up without having to worry about tipping over.  They are tapered towards the front which makes emptying the contents easy once you get used to them (I.e. not pouring from the side).  They don't have spouts, but that doesn't seem to be a problem.  I recommend these.
This OXO measuring cups are both stylish and useful.  If you have stainless appliances in your kitchen, these will compliment that particular look.The handles are a tad flimsy - but the rubber grips give a feel of substance.  This has proven useful for an elderly relative who suffers from arthritis.The ring that binds the cups together can be easily removed if you don't want them all clanging when being used.
In most every kitchen, a few basic essentials can be found and measuring devices are almost always among them. Even the most inexperienced cook still needs measuring spoons and cups and, with the latter, an individual glass cup will usually do the trick, but it is often handy and more convenient to have individual cups pre- sized for greater convenience. And Oxo 4- Piece Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a good choice of cups for this purpose.This set of cups includes four sizes: One cup, one- half cup, one- third cup, and one- fourth cup. The cups are made from steel so they are more durable than plastic and are made to last. The handles are made with a rubberized coating so they do not slip out of the hands. And to help make the cups easier to identify, each cup shows the measurement in a different- colored inlay, indicating the size.These measuring cups are very nice, attractive, and useful for any kitchen and they have been put to good use since making their way into my kitchen a short time ago. Previously, all we had was a glass measuring cup and while it certainly took care of the task, it is much more convenient to have a set of individual cups- particularly for dry measure. You don't need to eyeball things, like you do with a glass cup. You just stick the cup into the dry mix, such as flour, then scrape the cup on the side of the bag to level it off, and there you have it- the exact measurement you need.This set of Oxo measuring cups is more durable than plastic cups and more attractive for most kitchens. My kitchen is overloaded with stainless steel appliances, large and small, so these cups blend in nicely. I also like the imprint, showing the individual sizes, because it is more likely to last longer than the markings on other cups. It could still wear off with continuous usage, but it should be fine for those who use their measuring cups on a less frequent basis.Measuring cups are a must and a single, glass cup with markings for different measurements should be fine for most needs. But a set of individually- sized cups is still useful for it makes dry measurements faster and more convenient. This set from Oxo is very nice, attractive, and useful and I recommend adding a set to your kitchen.
I agree with some of the other reviewers that the handles might bend when scooping very heavy substances like brown sugar. For most tasks, however, these measuring cups are fine. I love the fact that they are dishwasher safe and that the labels are easy to read. I am very happy with this set of measuring cups - they are a great addition to my kitchen.
We've always liked OXO kitchen tools and will usually pay the extra freight for them if we are going to be using the utensils on a regular basis.  We don't own many stainless steel tools, but I am hoping these are good for the long haul.  The grips are always an appreciated feature of OXO utensils and these cups fit and stay in the hand well.  We haven't had any of the bending problems, or some of the other complaints some reviewers have had - time will tell for us.  I suspect we will be happy with these as we are happy with our other OXO kitchen items.Recommended.
I recently bought a plastic set of measuring cups and after taking them out of the dishwasher found that the marked measurements had washed off! The measurements on these cups are on the handle and made of raised plastic so they won't wash off.I love how sturdy they feel and they are just the right weight. Very comfortable to hold.One con is that they do not have any other measurement on them, so the one cup only measures one cup ( I do like cups that include smaller measurements inside)The cups come together on a plastic ring, but are easily detachable. A good buy!
OXO Good Grips Measuring cups are a nice quality, sturdy set of stainless steel cups. The rubber handles make sense when you're dealing with sticky fingers. The connecting loop is basically useless and only meant to keep the cups together during storage, I discarded mine and leave them nested in a drawer.They're a very nice set of measuring cups and for the money, can't be beat.
Every Oxo product I have ever owned has been at least very good, and for the most part, excellent.  These measuring cups are definitely in the "excellent" range!They're stainless steel, very well-made, sturdy handles which are NOT going to bend or break like my last el cheapo SS cups, and the measurements are raised AND in colors on the coated handles so even if the color eventually wears off, the raised measurements will still be able to be seen.I love that they are heavy, flat-bottomed, and also not just round - they're kind of egg-shaped at the top, so it's easier to pour things from them once they've been measured.  I like the brushed stainless look of them.They came attached by a plastic ring, which was very easy to get the cups attached or detached - but I ended up just leaving the ring off, for my purposes it's easier to just have the cups stacked and not attached to each other.Another Oxo home run!
Our existing set of measuring cups are this same brand, but I used the  cup to scoop aquarium gravel and it scratched it up a good bit. I was thrilled to get the chance to try out the updated design. They have a very sleek look to them and work well. Aside from the smoother shape, they have changed the O-Ring design that keeps the cups hooked together. You no longer have to unhook the ring to place and remove the cups. They now just snap on and off. I'm very happy with this set.
OXO often seems to come up with new ideas in their gadgets to simplify things the consumers need, or don't even realize they need yet and as a chef, I have loved many of their items over the years. This one is no exception.Although the set is rather basic with just your very basic measurements (if you need to measure 3/4 cup you are gonna either use the 1/4 cup measurement 3 times or the 1/2 cup and the 1/4 cup...don't expect to find a 3/4 cup here like some of the more expansive sets do carry now), they are made exceptionally well.First of all, I know some like to keep their cups all together on a ring. The problem with most sets when you do that is if you need a cup in the middle, you have to slide all the other ones over, the open the ring, twist it, and remove the cup.  Not so with this one. They all stay on the ring perfectly, but should you wish to remove a cup, you simply do a little twist of the cup, the circular ring it attaches to never even opens, and VOILA! your cup is off the ring faster than the "winner" of The Bachelor or The Bachelorette.If you like to cook while blind, which would be me while making a lovely breakfast before putting my contacts in my eyes, you're still covered.  The measurements are not only color coded on the handles, but they are written large enough that you'll be able to make out the 1/4 cup from the 1 cup if you are truly so blind that even that's a crapshoot without lenses.Being stainless, you'll never get the dreaded melt in the dishwasher or crack of the handle or burn when you leave it too close to the stove burner. Yes, my friends, I've murdered plastic items many years along the way.  OXO has obviously heard of types like me.A great set, well built.And did I mention it also accurately measures your ingredients?
This is a *nice* set of measuring cups. They are sturdy, well made, and feel good in your hands. Sometimes when I use the more-flimsy plastic ones, I feel like the cup might snap back and spring a cup of flour into the air (if that makes any sense at all), but these feel solid and do a great job.I've read some of the reviews stating that the handles were flimsy on these, but on the set we got, the handles were very firm and solid, easily standing up to any weight in the cups.The only issue is no 1/8th of a cup, which is actually something we regularly use (yes, I know it's two tablespoons, but it's nice to have that measure...)I'm actually going to get a set for the garden. I believe these will stand up to the ultra-humid Florida environment, and be perfect for scooping up potting soil, mulch, and other gardening "ingredients" I mix together out back. It would be nice to have a solid set of different sized scoops and cups especially for the garden and for outdoor use.Highly recommended as a big step up from flimsy plastic stuff we've been junking up the kitchen cabinets with.
I made some chocolate chip cookies yesterday and used my new OXO measuring cups. I had a set of their old ones and these ones are much improved.1. These handles do not bend when scooping, whether it be flour or brown sugar. I tried to bend by hand and wasn't able to do that either. Kudos to OXO for this much needed improvement.2. I don't find these "cups" tippy at all. They are very secure sitting on the counter even with ingredients added.3. I like the brushed stainless steel appearance. That are smooth feeling and not rough brushed. The edges of the cups are smooth and straight, not sharp.4. The colored measurement numbers are actually embedded in the handles rather than just painted on and should last for the life of the cup IMO.5. You have to twist and click to get the cups off of the connecting ring rather than just pulling straight out. Snug fit. I know in our household the ring will probably disappear before too long.6. The tops of the cups are straight across and it's easy to level dry ingredients with a knife.7. The cups seem to be true to size to me and my cookies turned out great but I'm not an exact cook so I didn't weigh ingredients to see if cup measurement is precise.The only negatives:A. Since the handles are covered with thick rubber, ingredients catch around the handles, making them harder to clean but the rubber does make them easier to grip when your hands are wet. Trade-off.B. I do wish there were 2/3 and 3/4 cup sizes.C. The price is a bit spendy for measuring cups but these should last for a long, long time.OXO does make a plastic set that is about half the price and has the 2/3 and 3/4 cups for those who are interested.OXO Good Grips 6-Piece Measuring Cup Set, Updated Design
I say initial because I can possibly foresee the handles loosening and not staying clipped onto the ring.  I'll explain:These measuring cups have a kind of hook on the handle that is open.  The hook has rubberized sides.  This hook slips onto the included plastic ring.  The cups get wedged on and don't come off.  To pull one off, you just give it a nice tug or twist.  But if the rubberized part wears out, or if the ring gets worn, then I can foresee these not staying on the ring.But since I am replacing a terrible plastic set, these are like Ferraris comparatively.  They are hefty and good quality construction.  The stainless steel is welcome.  I have since replaced all of my measuring utensils with stainless steel or glass.  No more plastic.I will update the quality as I use them, but my initial impression is that they are very good and worth the price.
I am a BIG lover of OXO grip products as I suffer with arthritis in my hands, but love to bake and cook. I have a different OXO set (the plastic set that is similar to this SS set) that I use now and have really enjoyed, but, THIS set, to me, is much superior because of ONE thing, they STAND ON THEIR OWN and do NOT tip over. They are heavy because of being stainless steel. I LOVE that I can sit it down and it will STAY there as I put whatever into them. I take mine off the hook as I have plenty of storage, so I can do that, but if you need or want to keep them togetheras a set, they sit nice and flat, nestled as a set taking up less room. PLUS the new addition of color on the handle's of each measure, that was great, as it's VERY legible, easy to read, I would think most anyone could read them easily and not accidentally grab and use the wrong size. I would suggest this set to everyone, and if you have a wedding shower to go to, why not buy a set of these and tie THEM on top of the box instead of a bow? The bride will LOVE you even more for that touch. A definite A+ for OXO!
I have been looking for well designed, heavy duty measuring cups at this price point for quite a while I am just thrilled with these cups! They are a solid weight, with non-slip handles and a little curve out at the mouth which makes leveling a breeze. I know others have said the earlier version of this cup had "bendy" handles but you would be hard pressed to move the handle on these cups. It is great when manufactures listen to us! The cups do only come in the four standard measures (1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup sizes) and I would have loved to have an 1/8, 2/3, 3/4 cup included but at this price point I think the set is a very good value.Recommended.
They are what they are, measuring cups.  But they're great.  I've been using some 10 year old Kitchen Aid plastic cups which partially melted in my dishwasher long ago - still functional, but barely.  These cups from OXO are like all of the other OXO products I own: Quality. They've held up well in the dishwasher, the included ring keeps them together nicely, and they scoop well through tougher items like brown sugar and whole wheat flour.  I know they're just measuring cups, but they're the best I've found so far.
Stainless steel so you'll know these will last a long time.  I really enjoy the large numerical marking so you can see at ease which one you'll need.  These are all on a keyring, which sadly in itself is not stainless steel, but plastic.  Nonetheless, the cups can easily come off with the Teflon coating on the ring.  I like to keep them on so I wont lose them.  Makes a great gift for someone just moving in somewhere.
These are the best made measuring cups I have ever seen. Made of a thick grade stainess steel, the set inludes 1, 1/2, 1/3, and 1/4 cup measures. It has an easy to remove clip that holds the set together when not in use. The handles have the OXO easy grip coating and have a raised stamped numeric measure. Easy to hold and clean, this is a well made set that will hold up well through repeated dishwasher washings.Overall, fantastic quality for the price.
I'm surprised how sturdy these cups are.  They're made of almost unbendable stainless steel.  They come with a strong oval ring that all four cups attach to by a notch in their handles.  If you keep them on the ring there's no more searching through your drawers to find the right cup!  This also aids in taking up less cabinet/drawer space.  The handles are covered in dense plaster to prevent the conduction of heat or cold and to help grip.  The measures are accurate.  Each cup is clearly labeled with its measurement and is color coded in green, blue, red, or yellow to further distinguish them.  There are no nooks or crannies so clean up is easy.  The best thing about these cups is their indestructibility.
I got these to sort of replace another set of OXO Good Grips measuring cups, because they are plastic.  There's nothing wrong with that, but stainless steel is usually better than plastic for anything.  The only thing with these stainless steel cups is that they only have four cups.  I specifically bought my plastic set because it had six cups - 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 2/3, 3/4, 1 cup.  These are hard to find, as you may already know.  Sometimes I have to use the same cup for different kinds of ingredients, which might be sticky, and that's where the extra cups come in handy.  With my plastic set the cups have a raised line in the middle so you could use that same cup for a half-measurement.  These four cups don't have that or any other marking besides the measurements - 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup.These are nice because they are less bulky than the plastic but I would still like to have more cups in the set.  Functionally, they are easy to use because the silicone handle cover does not interfere with using a straight edge to level off your ingredients.
OXO has redesigned their stainless steel measuring cups with sturdy rubber grip handles.The cups come on a ring for easy storing and organization but each cup can be snapped off and on for easy use.I really like the shape of the cups. There are no lips on the rims to get in the way of filling or emptying. The rims are smooth so it's easy to scrape flat the contents when measuring. The shape of the cup is slightly elongated for scooping and the bottoms are flat and stable so they sit on the counter without tipping even when full.The main thing that I like about them is that they are stainless steel; no more cheap plastic measuring cups for me.These are a nice heavy gauge stainless with sturdy rubber grip handles. OXO has great products and these are high quality.Very pleased with them.
If you like a good solid measuring cup then look no further! I was looking for a set of measuring cups to use as a scoop for my dog, cat and bird foods. These are stainless steel and strong. I've used plastic ones and the handles generally snap. The handles on these are nice in that they feature non-slip handles. When scooping the pet food you don't lose your grip and spill kibble or seed all over the place. They do come with a plastic ring that you can use to keep the cups together and then when you need one you can easily slip it off. I don't really need this feature, but it is a nice way to keep them together.
These are heavy duty.  And I just love them.  I bake a lot for all sorts of reasons and someone bought my a plastic set of measuring cups a few years ago from another reputable company and I thought these were the best cups I'd ever own. I was wrong, I love these. The handle is no slip in my hand, which comes in handy.  the cups are heavier and a bit heavy duty, which is a plus if you use them a lot.  You can take them off the little clasp and separate the cups.  I just really appreciate the style and quality of these cups.
I really appreciate the fact that OXO took the time to read what people were saying about their product, and then took action to change it. That says a lot about their company and their customer service. I really do like these stainless steel measuring cups, they have very sturdy handles, and are heavy enough to know they are good quality. The rubber covered handles are great, because they don't slip out of your hand, and they don't bend either. However, I just wish they were a little longer, because when I have to reach into my flour canister when there is not a lot of flour left, I end up getting flour on my hands and knuckles, from the handles being short. However, that is not a big deal for me, the fact that they don't bend is a much appreciated feature then anything else. So I applaud the OXO company for making these better then any other ones on the market and taking the time to listen to what their customers are saying.
I already own a set of stainless steel measuring cups, but I didn't realize how flimsy and cheap they are until I got these.The cups are made from a heavy stainless steel.  They have thick, black rubber grips, and the numbers (1/3, 1/2, etc.) are inset in the plastic in different colors.  This is actually a pretty clever way of ensuring that the numbers never "rub off" or fade with use and washing.All four cups can be clipped onto a black ring if you like to keep your cups together.  Easy to remove one cup at a time.Recommended!
Note - they apparently have been "updated" so the handles no longer bend. I have ZERO issues with handle bending.These measuring cups are very well built. There are 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup measurements. Pity they didn't include a 3/4 measurement, but it's manageable.These are the sturdiest measuring cups I've ever used. You literally could roll over them with a car and they wouldn't bend. They are so nice that I instantly threw out all my other sets of measuring cups - you don't need them. They are made of a thick gauge stainless steel and are well balanced - they will sit on their own on the counter without tipping.The rubber is sealed on the handle, so you never have to worry about it coming off. It also has the measurements engraved on the handle in a color, so you never have to worry about it wearing off and then wondering what size cup it is (like all my other old measuring cups).They are dishwasher safe. They are secured together with a plastic ring.  Highly recommended!
The Oxo Good Grips Measuring Cups come in four sizes: 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup, and one cup.  Each cup has the size engraved into the handles and the sizes are color-coded (1/4 cup is red; 1/3 cup is yellow; 1/2 cup is green; one cup is yellow). This engraving ensures that the sizes won't wash away after repeated washings. The cups are stainless steel and nice and sturdy.  The cups are held together with a ring so they can be stored easily but the handles on each cup have a notch so you can easily separate the cup you need and put it back on the ring when you are done.I really like the Oxo Good Grips Measuring Cups.  I've been using measuring cups with handles (two cup capacity) and I like these measuring cups because I can measure exactly what I need without wondering if I have the right amount since the lines showing the different measurements in the larger measuring cup can be difficult to read.  I love the stainless steel design which matches my kitchen decor perfectly and they are easy to clean whether in the dishwasher or hand washing them in the sink.  Everything about these measuring cups, including the handle, is sturdy, I never feel like I'm going to drop the cups or lose any of the ingredients in them but they are not too heavy when filled.I am very pleased with the Oxo Good Grips Measuring Cups - they are a welcome addition to my kitchen and I use them all the time.
While my Pyrex measuring cup which I've had for years is great for measuring out liquids (and some dry ingredients), what I was missing in the kitchen was these measuring cups.  Very useful for dry ingredients especially, but can also be easily utilized for liquids as well.  I like the grippy texture on the handles, and how easy it is to remove the cups from the ring that it comes attached to.  The cups feel substantial and sturdy and seem like they will last in my kitchen for a long time (will have to update on wear after a few more usage).  The slight angle to the cup makes scooping out dry ingredients a mess-free job -- I used the 1 cup this evening to scoop out a cup of quinoa and not a single grain was wasted.  I held the cup over the pan to pour water and the rim of the cup made it easy to get the water filled to the very top without spilling.  I look forward to cooking and baking more with these measuring cups, that are both functional and good looking.Update: After using these measuring cups a few times to cook and bake, I feel they are excellent quality and so glad OXO improved on the old design which the prior year's reviews detailed regarding bending and flexing.  These newer ones are really substantial and no issues.
Measuring cups are a long term investment for most cooks.  We have some that are so beat-up and battered, some of plastic that have broken handles, and one thing in common---they were all el-cheapos.  Bought them when we were first married and have put up with them for years.  Probably all we could afford at the time.  Now we have this beautiful new set of OXO Good Grips measuring cups.  Could not be more pleased!  Heavy duty stainless (and I mean heavy), the wonderful OXO rubberized handles and a beautiful finish.  These will outlast both my wife and myself, I'm sure someday our wonderful daughter will be using them in her kitchen.  There really is something to be said for purchasing a quality product, which these are!  Sometimes I take note of some of the utensils that we have been using and only wish we could have bought this much quality in the first place.  We have other OXO products and can only say, like so many others, that the name OXO has come to mean quality that you can depend on....and no, I do not work for the company!  My sage advice for those just starting out, save your money and buy quality the first time, and enjoy the rest of your life!  It will be something you are proud to own.Enough advice!  I certainly recommend this product and expect years of use and enjoyment.
These measuring cups are well made they are sturdy and I like the design, the rubberized grips are very comfortable to use, the snap on and off ring is a very good idea and very easy to use I love these measuring cups and I recommended.
OXO Good Grips  Stainless Steel Measuring Cups come in a set of four. The four sizes are the standard measurements you'd find in most recipes such as  1/4 cup, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup. The cups easily stack together for storage whether for slipping into a drawer or hanging up by the included ring. The ring isn't hard to manage at all, you can easily attach or detach a cup from the ring without frustration or fear of wearing the ring out. The design of this feature is very solid with durability and long term use in mind.These cups are professional looking. They have stainless steel cup parts and the handles are rubber. The rubber handles make it easy to grip when scooping and they comfortable on the hands. No fear of easily dropping or if you are measuring hot things for the handles to heat up and burn you! On the handles of the cups, the measurement sizes are embossed in bright colors so it's easy to read without looking incredibly closely. Time will tell but it doesn't look like the markings will easy fade away over time.There's been no fear of damaging the cups. I've scooped rice, flour, sugar, and more. The weight of what's inside doesn't seem to make the handles bend or the cup oddly lose shape. The construction was definitely well thought out.Overall, these cups feel and seem quite durable, are comfortable on the hand, quite pleasing to the eye, and have held up well being in and out of the dishwasher. Another OXO Good Grips essential kitchen tool I believe is built to last! Highest recommendations!
I've used a plastic Tupperware 6-piece set of measuring cups forever, and was attracted to this beautiful stainless-steel set. It's like most sets these days -- only four sizes not six (1/4-, 1/3-, 1/2-, and 1-cup; not 2/3- or 3/4-cup), so you'll need to double- or triple-dip to get some measurements. The stainless steel cups are heavy (vs. the handles) and have flat bottoms, so they stand solidly on a countertop or even on a low-heat burner, like a tiny saucepan e.g. to melt butter. (And they're attractive enough to serve that butter at the table, e.g. with an artichoke.) They obviously vary in size but all have the same-size black handle -- which would be on the edge of too short/stubby to get a good grip on if it weren't for that familiar, black-rubbery Oxo material that definitely helps keep the grip. I don't use the ring, just keep the cups stacked neatly in a cabinet. My only wish would be to have half-fill lines marked on the interior of a couple of the cups (e.g. 1/2- and 1-cup) for added flexibility.
I love the weight, the shape and the milling.  OXO strikes again.  The lips are thin enough that digging into brown sugar is easy.  Each cup is slightly flared.  The hanging ring works ok but does not matter to me.  Being steel; oils will not form a permanent film on them like you see with plastic.  If they decide they would like to make a larger cup with graduations cut into the inner surface - I'd buy it.  The rubber/plastic padded handle has the usual OXO good feel.  If you need to measure out something HOT, I can't imagine a better cup.  Excellent job.  These go in the top drawer.
The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups are a great addition to my kitchen for measuring dry ingredients.  These work great, are study, are nicely stackable, and have a clip that holds them together that is also easily removable.  Not much you can say about measuring cups.  They do the job.  I would recommend.  Some reviewers complain that they can't be used to melt/heat items in the microwave, but I use my glass liquid measuring cups for that.
I've had great success with a number of OXO products lately, from myOXO Good Grips Silicone Steamer, Green, to my no frillsOXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler, to myOXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer. I was reluctant to give up my current measuring cups because they are stainless steel, but when I had a chance to replace them with the same material, I decided to go ahead.When it comes to these types of kitchen implements, simple, no frills is usually better. These are that. They are straight ahead stainless steel with a soft, no nonsense grip, and my almost 50-year old eyes really like the bright clear numbers for telling the quarter and third cups apart. The shapes nest easily and the ring keeps them together in the drawer. Sometimes, these don't snap all that easily off the ring, so I have a feeling that eventually, the ring is going to bite it, but so far so good. I also would have preferred if the cups had a groove for more precise pouring (preferably on both sides of the cup, as I am semi-ambidextrous when cooking), but again, the shape and sizes do not present any hurdles to cleanly dumping out measured ingredients. Space saving, good looking, hygienic, easy to use, that's OXO in a nutshell and these are great measuring cups to add to my kitchen. Even with the iffy ring and lack of pouring channel, I have no problem giving them five stars.
This is a set of 4 stainless steel measuring cups with a plastic binding ring. The sizes are 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup, and 1/4 cup. The handle of each cup is coated with thick, solid rubber, with a notch for hanging or attaching to the binding ring. The size of each cup is noted on the handle in large colored numbers, with a different color for each size. The steel is heavy duty--the 4 cups together weigh in at a full 12 oz. The top of each cup is completely flat, allowing for exact measurements with a knife. It should be noted that these are American cups, made for the American market, so they do not show ml or other international equivalents. The set was manufactured in China for OXO.I've never understood binding rings on measuring cups. When you go to measure something, why would want to always have all your other measuring cups in the way? And why should you have to wash all of them when you only used one? So I'll just take each of these cups off the binding ring and throw the ring away. But, if you really think you need that ring, it's there on this set. And you can also pull each cup off the ring individually, in any order. The notched hole in each handle will also allow you to hang the cups on hooks for organized storage.I am quite pleased with this set of measuring cups. They are very sturdy, and will last a lifetime, even with heavy use. I've gone through several sets of plastic measuring cups in my day--eventually, the handles all seem to break or tear off. And some of my metal measuring cups have developed dents from drops on the floor. No fears about loose handles or dents with these cups--they are built to last, and they give a solid feel of quality. This set would make a great housewarming or shower gift, as well as a good addition to any kitchen.
Plastic just doesn't cut it. The numbers, the proportions get erased. But not with these really good quality measuring cups. I already had a set, and I got another one.
What can you say about measuring cups?  Well, this set is well built and seems sturdy.  The rubber grip makes it unlikely that one will slip from your hand and spill a cup of flour on your floor.  Good cups.
Firstly, I have to admit a huge bias for OXO, I simply adore every product they've manufactured that's in my kitchen, so I hold them up to a very high standard. Luckily, they passed this test with flying colors. The measuring cups are extremely well-made. The stainless is nice and heavy, so they feel very durable and I see these lasting a very long time. They're easy to level off, grip, and pour, as measuring cups should be, and they're easier to clean than their plastic counterparts. I pretty much have only positive things to say about these cups since they can't get much better in my eyes.Pros:- Stainless is attractive, durable, and very sturdy.- Nice non-slip grip.- Colorful cup measurements (i.e. 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 1). They say it's permanent but only time will tell.- Handy ring to hang the cups on and store by hanging them up. The cups easily snap on and off the ring.- I don't see these easily becoming dented or marked up.- The price is a steal for this quality.Cons:- No 1/8, 2/3, or 3/4 cups. While I realize I can get the 2/3 and 3/4 measurements, I prefer to only use one cup for various reasons. This is hardly a con since I do have other measuring cups in the house, but it'd be nice for a couple extra pieces to be added to the set.Frankly, as impressed with the functionality, quality, durability, and attractiveness of OXO items I've used so far, I'd be surprised if they ever put out a bad product. At this rate, they've got a customer for life!
I had some cheep metal measuring cups at one time but they quickly became warped and dingy looking so I went back to using the Pyrex measuring cups in which I learned to cook.  However these stainless steel cups with a streamlined design and very comfortable handles are a new favorite kitchen tool.  I still rely on the pyrex cups when I need to accurately measure something other than the 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup and 1/4 cup sizes that are all that come with this set.  But other then when I need those less common measures this is my new "go to" measuring set.
These sleek stainless measuring cups put my motley assortment of plastic and aluminum measuring cups with their broken handles and heat-damaged profiles that they are about to be banished to the sand pile.  Each cup of this set from OXO is nice heavyweight stainless steel, and each stands without tipping.  The handles are shorter than some measuring cups, but that means that the user holds it closer to the actual cup, making the handles less likely to bend.  These handles are pretty stout anyway; it would take a lot of effort to bend them.  I used a couple this morning to scoop whole wheat flour with no hint of strain on the handles.  The handles are clad with either rubber or silicone with the size printed in large numbers.  Very nice!
Normally measuring cups do not tend to be well thought out, especially in regards to ergonomics or use.  These OXO brand ones have become my go-to set for all my dry measuring needs in the kitchen.Pros:- great balance which lets me scoop with ease and also fill them while resting.  Some of my cheaper cups tend to tip over.- soft handle which allows for a good grip and some comfort- easy to read measurements so I know which cup to grab at a glance and don't have to be reading the engraving like it was braille- easy to cleanThis will probably replace any other set that you have currently in use and will last you a long time.
OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a nice addition to the kitchen.  They come in the standard sizes and can be left on the holding ring or pulled off for whatever cooking use is needed.  With a rubberized well labeled handle cover, they make for comfortable easy to access measuring.  I noticed older reviews speaking on the easy bending thin metal design but OXO must have updated that problem because you would have to make a concerted effort to bend the handles on these.  Most of the things that are measured aren't that heavy.  Highly recommended and well worth getting for the kitchen.
As a long-time OXO Good Grips aficionado, these stainless steel measuring cups are a wonderful addition to my culinary collection. The cups nest perfectly and are easily detached or reattached to their holding handle. The size of the cups makes them easy to dunk into my flour & sugar containers. The handles are clearly color coded with each cup's capacity and the handles themselves are easy to grip and will not slip from your fingers. The measuring cups have a good heft to them, are well-made, dishwasher safe and come with OXO's satisfaction guarantee, "If for any reason you are not satisfied with this product return it for repair, replacement, or refund."  Not many companies offer this type of customer servive. I can attest to the fact that I had another OXO product meant to hold sponges and detergent in my kitchen sink area that showed some rusting after almost a year of use. I contacted the company, emailed a picture of the rust spot, and voila, a replacement product was sent to me promptly.
I enjoy using this set of measuring cups over my current plastic set for the following reasons :- stainless steel materials which works great for hot or cold ingredients- easy to read color-coded handles- contoured design with a wider top which makes it easier for scooping the ingredientsWith its sturdy stainless steel construction, this set of measuring would probably last for a life-time.
The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design deliver all of the things you expect from OXO products - ergonomic design, sturdy construction, form and function.Pros:- The measuring cups have rubber handles that are easy to grip, especially when your hands are wet or sticky from baking mishaps.  The rubber handles also make it easier to hold the cups when washing them.- The cups are held together by a plastic ring that keeps them from getting separated and lost in the drawer.  You can detach the measuring cups from the ring when you need to use them, but it's a nice feature to be able to reconnect them for storage purposes.- The measuring cups are stainless steel, so they're durable.  I have my share of cutesy, porcelain, decorative measuring cups that look great on the shelf, but don't exactly hold up to the frantic, last-minute baking that I so often do.  These will hold up to a little heating if necessary, you can bang them against a stainless steel mixing bowl to tap out ingredients in a rush, and they'll survive being thrown in the sink with all of your other baking gadgets and spatulas.  Perhaps I should be a bit gentler with my baking equipment, but these measuring cups can handle the punishment.Cons:- The shape of the measuring cups allows them to fit into almost all of my containers and canisters for flour, sugar, etc.  However, I have a few glass jars that are a bit too narrow for these measuring cups, so it was somewhat of a struggle to measure the ingredients.  I have some other measuring cups in my baking arsenal that will fit into these jars, so it was disappointing that these didn't fit.  It's not enough of a problem to subtract a star from the rating, since it's probably more my fault for buying glass jars with narrow openings, but I thought it was worth pointing out.In the end, I give these measuring cups a 5 out of 5.  They are durable and should last a long time.  They're easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to locate in a cluttered drawer of baking supplies.  OXO does not disappoint.
I love OXO products, there is not one that did not work or was not beautifully made. These measuring cups are no exception. They are made from reinforced steel and have a  great rubber handle. I've had zero problems with bending and have used them extensively on wet and dry ingredients since owning. They wash up great in the dishwasher and are a substantial weight - not too heavy, but they don't feel cheap. The only drawback I can see is the price; however, with everything, you get what you pay for. I highly recommend these measuring cups!
These cups are made to last. They are stainless steel and sturdy. They readily pop off and on the ring that keeps them together, but stay on the ring until needed. I especially like the way the sizes are written large and colorfully on the handle to quickly identify the one needed. I don't think I will need anymore for myself, but think they would make nice wedding shower gifts.
One of the better things about getting things from Vine is when manufacturers improve a flawed product and need reviews of the perfected version. Such is the case here with these thoughtfully designed measuring cups.As it happens, I had the older version of this cup in my kitchen cabinet (see photo), and while I didn't have quite the strong negative reaction those early reviewers had, the deficiencies of having a handle a 3 year old could curl out of shape were pretty obvious. Other improvements are a move from a cylindrical shape to one better aimed at digging, and a unibody design in favor of a separate handle spot welded to the cup.In general, a nice set of cups and a good improvement.
These cups are so useful. They are connected by a rubber ring, which, at first glance, seems to be nothing new. BUT-these are different - it is very easy to detach an individual cup from the ring, use it, wash it, and place it back on the ring. Unlike other measuring cups, held together by rings, making it very difficult to use 1 cup with the other cups still attached, I love the detachable measuring cups, and recommend them to all cooks.
These are functionally and aesthetically perfect. They are a very nice heavy weight, very strong handles, gorgeous and easy to clean finish, and comfortable to hold due to the great grips... and yet I find myself reaching for my old acrylic pyrex set over them almost every time. Why you ask... two of the silliest reasons, but maybe something that would drive you crazy too. The main reason is that to save space I keep them nested, but the metal on metal sound when I pick them up or move them makes me cringe. It's a nails on the chalk board, fork across your teeth sound that I just hate. I think I'm going to toss them separately into my kitchen utensil drawer in hopes that I grab them more often. The only other silly small gripe is that I wish there were more of them (yes I realize this defeats the whole, keep them apart from eachother to avoid that awful sound reason) but my other set also came with 1/8, 2/3, 3/4 and it's just easier and faster to grab one of those. If OXO would coat the bottom of these with their great rubbery material and provide a few extra measurements I'd gladly pay double! If you're not a lazy sound affected weirdo like I am I bet you'll love them!
These measuring cups are flat-bottomed stainless, and substantial.  The handles are slightly shorter than those on my KitchenAid measuring cups (which I dearly love), but nearly twice as wide.The cups are accurate and well-balanced; no tipping over.But the shazaam factor lies right in those handles.  They're imprinted with big, bold, color-coded numbers that I can read without my reading glasses.  I can't read anything within arm's reach without my glasses, but by golly, I can read these.They come with a heavy-duty ring which can be used to keep them grouped together.  The handles are notched for removal from the ring.These are excellent, durable measuring cups.  The only concern I have is whether the numbers will rub or otherwise wear off, but only time will tell if that really is an issue.
Forget all of the old reviews on these cups, OXO must have fixed their design because they are not 'tippy', and the gauge of metal is much too thick for anyone to think the handles are easy to bend.As with any OXO product, these measuring cups are ergonomically designed, and comfortable to hold.  Being a skeptic, I also tested the capacity of these cups, and they are spot on with respect to their accuracy.  Believe it or not, I actually had a set of metal measuring cups a few years ago that were off by a full tablespoon at the 1 cup size.You'll think I work for OXO, but I don't.  They are one of the brands that I have standardized on in the kitchen because they consistently churn out quality products that last a long time.  The only product of theirs that ever disappointed me was a cheese cutter, but I have many other OXO products and they are all great.
This measurements come on a ring with rubber soft handles.  I have another set from different brand but these are my favorites.  They are nice and deep allows for easy pouring.Nice set makes a good gift also.
This is a nice basic set of measuring cups, 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.  Rubberized handles for gripping and each one is clearly labeled - so that makes these an excellent basic set if you are not looking for additional sizes like a 1/8th, 2/3rds or 3/4ths cup measure.  I have another set that has all these sizes, and this set was as a supplement because I find you need two of the popular sizes in some cases.Some reviewers have talked about the handles being flimsy but that is not the case if it once was.  These handles are not at all flimsy.  They would be very difficult to bend in fact.  These measuring cups will in all likilhood outlast me!
These are great measuring cups.  Very sturdy stainless steel.  Easy grip handle with the amount clearly marked.  They stack in each other well.  Great grips so you don't drop anything.  The cup has a slanted design, I find it easier for scooping/pouring.  I really like these.
I've always used plastic dry measuring cups, most likely because they are less expensive. Having recently begun experimenting with cheese making, I've begun to replace some of my plastic kitchen tools with stainless steel, which is recommended for cheese making. After years of great experiences with the Oxo brand, the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups seemed ideal for me.I used them for the first time last night while making a Coconut Cake from scratch. One thing that really stood out for me is how nice it is that the top of each cup is wider than the bottom. You'd think this would make them topple over, but they didn't. Instead, I found it easier to pour ingredients in each cup without spilling much around them.Being stainless steel implies that the cups will be pretty durable. The fact that they are also heavy duty stainless steel just lends me more confidence that these measuring cups will remain useful in my kitchen for many years.Each cup has a soft, comfortable grip and is clearly marked with the cup capacity. They nest very well together and are easily removed and attached from the ring that holds them together.All pieces are dishwasher safe.I am very pleased with these measuring cups and would recommend them without hesitation.
Well my last set of measuring cups bit the dust when they somewhat melted in the dishwasher.  I've been looking for a new set, taking my time for that perfect set.These OXO's seemed pretty sturdy. WOW, they are indeed robust. They are NOT for use in a microwave nor on a low burner.  However they could be set on that warm stove for gentle melting of the measured ingredient. The rubber handles allow for a very easy grip.  These came in 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup and 1 cup sizes. They are a very high quality stainless steel that should be free of rust for many many years. Happy measuring!
When I was little my Mom had stainless steel measuring cups.  They were the best.  But they hurt my fingers.  The edges were not that easy to hold and over time gave way to tacky plastic measuring cups with easier handles.And then.... The OXO good grips came out.  The nesting cups with the rectangle bar (the sides of the end of each cup has a cut out so they can easily "hang" onto the hook)It really is the best of what I loved and remember with such fondness and a drastic improvement on what didn't work about that design.These measuring cups have found a welcomed home with me!
Please note that these cups have an "updated design," which I assume refers to them having stronger, less flexible handles than cups made in accord with a previous design. Some customers complained about handles bending.These replace a Trudeau 5-Piece Measuring-Cup Set that I bought from Amazon in 2008. They are said to be made of "strong, shock-resistant ABS plastic," but the handle on the 1 cup size snapped off when I was digging flour from a bag. Also, pouring just boiled water into the Trudeau cups caused the bottoms of the cups to form hairline spider-web type cracks - cosmetic only, no leaks, but not something I appreciated.I own several OXO Good Grips kitchen products and they've yet to disappoint. These cups are indeed quite sturdy, they can accommodate boiling water if necessary, and though I now avoid using any measuring cup to scoop flour out of tightly packed bags of flour, I trust that if I wasn't overly rough the handles would not bend in the process. The handle on the 1 cup size cup is the one that is most likely to bend, but it seems quite sturdy and strong. (After breaking the handle of the Trudeau measuring cup I decided to fill measuring cups with flour by using a spoon instead of using the cup as a scoop, and I plan to continue that practice with the OXO cups even though it may not be necessary.)There are no markings on the cups other than on each rubberized handle, so it is not clear when you have exactly one cup of, say, water. So I compared these cups against a well-marked heavy clear glass Anchor-Hocking 2-cup size measuring cup to see. Basically, if the OXO cups are full but not so full that they are brimming, they equal the measurement markings on the Anchor-Hocking. If they are brimming and I transfer the liquid to the Anchor-Hocking without spilling, they are just a tiny bit over the Anchor-Hocking marking.The cups clip onto an oblong ring, which I do not use as I keep measuring cups in a drawer and use them often enough that I would find it a hassle to have to deal with the ring.Before I bought the Trudeau cups (which as I say above, was in 2008), I read reviews on Amazon and elsewhere for many different kinds of measuring cups. I passed on these OXO cups back then because of reviews that mentioned the "bendy handles." Had it not been for that, these would've been my choice back then. OXO has since fixed the problem and unless I should lose one of these cups I imagine they will last a lifetime. As I say above, I own several OXO kitchen products and they've yet to disappoint (e.g., meat pounder, pastry brush, spoons, kitchen brush, etc.). I've even bought some OXO kitchen products for my amateur gourmet cook daughter and she loves them. They're ergonomic, well-built and practical. I will probably buy her a set of these cups.Highly recommended.
These measuring cups have a nice heavy feel to them. The handles have a rubbery coating that makes them comfy to hold and use. The tilted shape of the bowl makes it easier to use a spatula to get sticky contents out. These are top quality kitchen tools. I have many OXO products, and I've always been pleased. These measuring cups are no exception.
I really love these measuring cups, they are heavy and feel substantial, not cheap.  They are easy to clean in the dishwasher too.  The only problem I had with them was the ring that they come "clipped" to, I thought it was a bit hard to get them off, so I've just used them without it as nesting cups.  I think it would be hard for the elderly or someone with arthritis to get the cups on and off of this ring.  Otherwise they are great measuring cups.
Oxo Good Grips stainless steel measuring cups are wonderful. You can really tell that Oxo thinks about their product design, even with something as simple as a set of measuring cups. They are sturdy...very sturdy. Probably the sturdiest measuring cups I've ever owned. The cups are made of stainless steel and have a soft plastic covered handles. The cups are attachable from a plastic ring, so you can easily keep your cups together or separate them. Usually with rings (like with measuring spoons), the ring design never works, so I was skeptical that it would work with larger cooking utensils, but it was fine. Easily came off but didn't fall off the ring on its own.The cup openings are slightly angled, so it makes it super easy to scoop.This is a great addition to your kitchen and will make you want to throw out your old, plastic measuring cups (like the ones I used to have before I got these!)
Even with wet hands, it is easy to hold on to the non-slip grip handle of the OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups.  These measuring cups are fast becoming my favorite set of measuring cups. They're sturdy, nice looking and they nest well for easy storage.  You can easily toss them in the dishwasher without worrying about them melting, and the handy notched handles attach and detach easily from the hanging storage ring.The heavy stainless steel constructions prevents the measuring cups from tipping over (which often happens with flimsy plastic measuring cups I've used) which is a big bonus.A must have set of measuring cups for the avid cook or baker!
As far as measuring cups go, these are sleek and modern.  The stainless steel makes for easy cleanup, the sizes are well proportioned with comfortable grip handles.  Not to mention when my young children bang them around the kitchen, they make for great impromptu instruments that free up a little time to finish cooking our dinner.
These are the best measuring cups I have EVER owned. They are super high quality. Made of brushed stainless steel (much like my kitchen sink!) they are ultra durable and will probably last 100 years. The rubbery like handles are easy to hold and will never slip out of your hand. The cups are each very clearly marked for size, right on the inner end of the handle for easy reference. Liquids pour out of them easily, solids and powders measure easily and come out easily. And best of all, they are dishwasher safe! They are perfect all around, in my opinion! I very strongly recommend them! :)
I'm not a huge cook, my wife is, though I make an awesome grilled cheese sandwich and/or hot dogs--and I shouldn't discount the fact that I have worked doing food prep in several professional kitchens, though my wife is clearly the master.In my opinion, these measuring cups are really ideal for men.  Easy to handle for people who might have trouble with dexterity or coordination, and I could probably run them over with my SUV without damaging them.My wife says they're a little heavy, hense my personal perspective.  If you're a hard working cook or chef, I think these are a better choice than some dainty set from William & Sonoma.They get five stars from me.
I own a number of OXO grip items already, including a brush, carving knife, and whisk.  All are fine quality and well worth the money.  This measuring cup set is no different.  The stainless steel is of excellent quality and the OXO grip stays easy to handle even if your hands or the utensil is wet.  The size of the serving is embedded above the cup and won't fade or be rubbed off. They all fit onto a plastic ring, and can be easily pulled off for separate use. Although some reviewers here have talked about the handles on them bending at times, it still in my opinion takes a lot to do that, and they can easily can be straightened in the event they do. Overall a really well made and handsome set of measuring cups.The only thing I noticed about these cups is no matter which one you're using, you have to fill them to the very brim to get it exact.  And I mean to the VERY brim.  There is no line at the top, or lip of any kind. And when I filled a measuring cup with water and poured it into the the sets full cup size it came to the very, very top. It doesn't matter with a dry measurement that much, but with liquid it's so full you would easily slosh and spill some.  It would have been nice if they had left even a 1/8th clearance at the top but they didn't.  Just remember that when using them, for if you measure several times with them and don't fill them to the very top, you will be off some for sure by recipes end.  Despite that minor annoyance, I really like these measuring cups for their looks, quality, and price, and I recommend them... : )
These are the best measuring cups that I've ever owned. They are nice and heavy. I can be a bit clumsy and have knocked my plastic measuring cups over. Talk about a mess! I don't worry about it with these. Very well made and nice looking, too. I have them hanging on a hook in the kitchen instead of tucked away in the cabinet.
OXO made most of the kitchen accessories I've purchased (for myself and as gifts) in the last several years, because they can be relied on to carefully design a superior product.These cups are sturdy and stainless steel, which doesn't pit and become discolored (and create concerns about what metal is ending up in food) like aluminum ones do.  Unlike other stainless cups I've had, the cup and handle are all one piece, so they won't fall apart (as others have!) at the worst possible time.The rubberized handles allow the cook to hold the cup securely for measuring and pouring even if her hands are wet (mine often are, as a compulsive hand-washer).There are two down-sides: they do take up a lot of room, and they're not cheap.  Since, if you cook/bake regularly and use a dishwasher for clean-up, you're likely to need a few sets, they can get expensive at $20. per set.  But well worth it.
The OXO GOOD GRIPS MEASURING CUPS are a set of 4 measuring cups, , 1/3, , and 1, that are easy to clean and feature the ubiquitous rubber OXO handles. I have another set of OXO measuring cups that look more like little cook pots. Both sets are stainless steel, but this new set has nice broad grips and fewer right angles, which encourages ingredients to leave the cup more easily. The total weight of the cups is just under 12 ounces total, and these bad boys are clearly built to last. The only negative I can find is that, as someone who cooks a lot, I'd like more sizes than just the four, but that's not OXO's doing. These OXO GOOD GRIPS MEASURING CUPS are great, and I highly recommend them.
OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated DesignOne can never have enough, quality, measuring cups -- in the Kitchen. 'nuf said. :)a few things I liked about the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel:*4 basic cup sizes:  1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 1  -- note: there is no 2/3 or 3/4 cup in this set.*modern looking cups can be easily removed one cup at a time from a sturdy, solid, plastic ring...and placed back on ring, and nested or hung, for easy storage.*sturdy stainless steel construction (sort of a brushed/satin texture, not glossy) -- unlike a flimsy plastic, these cups are weighty, sit on the counter without wobbling and feel very solid -- like they will last a very long time. Also, I believe the stainless steel cups will be easier to clean than plastic, especially after measuring oily products.*soft, non slip, black, handles that feel nice between finger tips and add a bit of confidence when emptying contents. Handles have easy to read, color coded, permanent measurement markings -- unlike some measuring cups I own that one has to tilt toward a good light to see what the heck it is, if ya know what I mean.*OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, are dishwasher safe, but I wash them by hand -- cuz' that's the way I roll. :)Do the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, sound like what you may be looking for? :)  Would make a Fantastic gift!  Highly Recommended!  --Katharena Eiermann, 2013
So far I have found nothing negative about my new OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups. They are easy for me to use, the covered handles are great for my clumsy fingers. The markings on the handles are easy for me to read. They scoop and pour well, I have had no issues with the cups tipping over. They're easy for me to clean, and although they don't nest as well as my older measuring cups (because they are thicker) they still fit fine in my drawer. I am very happy with the quality of the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups. The price may be higher than what I've paid for other measuring cups, however, the quality definitely makes it worth it. You won't need to replace them for a very long time.
There is something wrong with the Amazon review process when the "Most Helpful" review - from 13 years ago - remains on top of the page - even when the product has been totally redesigned AFTER the review.OXO answered all the complaints, and the resulting NEW design has no flaws that I can detect.The stainless steel construction is very solid this time.  The handles are comfortable (as with all OXO products) and are clearly marked with the capacity in permanent clear colored embossing.The carrying ring works well, and the cups click on and off securely.This new design should last you decades.
This is a great set of measuring cups made from sturdy stainless steel. They feel wonderful in the hand, they wash up easily and the no-slip handle grips work perfectly to keep them steady in your hands. I love the color coded measurement markings which are easily visible and don't wash off, along with them being dishwasher safe and non-flexible. Plastic is something I try to avoid at all costs due to the industrial chemical BPA which is now in pretty much everything plastic. It's nice to have a set of measuring cups which are not made of plastic.I cannot imagine a better set of cups as they are also priced reasonably. Anyone who fools around in the kitchen on a daily basis will adore this product. I highly recommend them to everyone !
I have several sets  of cheap measuring cups, and wondered if I would like these. When they came, I got my baking book and got to work. First they are cearly labeled in large pink letters! easy to find the correct one at a glance, heavy and they  are very easy to clean. shortening came right out. I never feel like the plastic ones are clean until they go through the dishwasher.  The hook, unhook is easy to use and will keep them togther in the baking department. I only  wish they had the rare 3/4cup size included.
I can't tell you how many glass measuring cups or plastic spoons I've gone through that have lost their measurement markings over time.  Some even lost them after one or two washings.  It was time to invest in better quality.Oxo Good Grips stainless steel measuring cups are certainly heavy duty and I love them.  This set includes the standard measurements making up one cup:  1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.  There's nothing chintzy about them.  They look attractive, the non-slip handles with indelible markings are easy to grip, and the stainless steel provides a nice hefty weight to each scoop.  They stack and store very easily in my cupboard.I am replacing more and more kitchen utensils with Oxo Good Grips products.  So far all have been smart and long-lasting purchases.  My next buy will be the matching Good Grips measuring spoons.
I really love OXO products. OXO is noted for easy grip products which are gentle on the hands and make many tasks more enjoyable. These Good Grips measuring cups are no exception. Made of stainless steel the cups come in the traditional 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 and 1/4 size. The shape is a little unusual with a wider top and slimmer base but this actually makes scooping easier. In addition, it gives a modern look to the cups.Though other reviews have knocked the measuring cups down for being "bendy", those reviews were written long ago and OXO has since corrected the issue.  They are sturdy to use. The cups are held together on a ring which can easily be removed. Since the cups stack nicely it may be easier to just stack the cups instead of using the ring.One super nice feature on the cups is the clearly marked measurement on the handle. This makes it easy to find at a glance the cup size you are looking for. The cups are dishwasher safe and could even be used on a stove top to heat tiny quantities.Overall the OXO measuring cups are attractive, functional and a good value!
These measuring cups are well made, with sturdy, rubber handles. As soon as you pick these up you notice the weight. The handles clip onto a ring so if you want to toss them into a drawer or hang them up, they'll stay together.Currently at 19.99, these sets are more than most but they are made to last so no need to buy another set to replace these.  I much prefer these to my plastic sets which are now tossed in the back of the kitchen drawer.
This is a nice set of measuring cups.  The cups are sturdy, and they have a nice brushed silver finish.  I like that they can handle various temperatures.  If I need a cup of boiling water I can pour it right from the kettle into the measuring cup.  These look nice, and I can stick them in the dishwasher for easy cleanup.  I'm pleased.
Like other OXO Good Grips products I have, these measuring cups are mde to last.These stainless steel cups are. a solid weight and should stand up well to everyday kitchen use.  They won't melt if left a bit too near a heat source. The handles have a coating with a rubbery feel that makes them easier to grip for people who have trouble with their hands. In addition the measurements are color-coded so you don't have to hunt for your glasses to find the right cup. And OXO says the measurements will not wear off over time which is a major fault with many measuring sets. The cups angle down--they're wide at the top than the bottom. This may make it a bit harder to eyeball half of a measurement but easier to pour the contents.  The handles could be just a bit longer but that is a personal preference; I'm not sure others would care.All-in-all these are worth having in any kitchen. You don't have to have problems with you hands to appreciate Good Grips products.
These measuring cups are very sturdy and heavy duty.  I was thrilled to receive these to finally replace my old, battered plastic measuring cups.These measuring cups are stainless steel so they are quite heavy in your hand (a good thing), they lie completely flat on the counter which should decrease liquid spills and all have a nice padded handle.  They also have the amount the cup holds in nice bold pastel measurements that are large and makes it easier to read when you are grabbing one.For the price, I dont know why anyone would buy anything else.  As a daily cook and baker I love them.
I'm a fan of Oxo Good Grips products and own quite a few - pizza wheel, spatulas, colander, cleaning brush set, salt grinder, and broom and dustpan.  I like that Oxo's products are sturdy and well made, and designed with the cook in mind.These cups are exactly what I needed in my kitchen.  I've used plastic measuring cups and have also had a set or two of the cheap metal ones over the years.  The plastic ones have melted or cracked, and I worried about plastic chemicals leaching into our food. The metal ones separate from their riveted handles and couldn't be repaired.Evidently there was a problem in the past with these OXO measuring cups having weak handles, but they've been re-designed and the set I received are very well made.  They are sleek, heavy, brushed stainless steel for a lifetime of use.  The handles are coated in a non-slip rubber that has the measurement stamped into it.  The cup and handle are one piece and it would take a LOT of effort to bend the handle.I am happy to recommend these Oxo Good Grips measuring cups, and I look forward to using them (and my other Oxo products!) for years.
Having used plastic measuring cups for a long time, I had forgotten how nice metal measuring cups feel.  These stainless steel measuring cups are brushed rather than smooth, and feature a non-slip plastic grip with colorful numbers to depict the size of the measuring spoon.  My impression is that these measuring cups are high quality and will last for years.Perhaps the biggest difference between these measuring cups and plastic measuring cups is scooping heavier substances, such as sugar or water.  The handles on plastic measuring cups tend to deflect, and I have had the handles fatigue to the point of damage.  The handles on these measuring cups seem to remain rigid when scooping water, milk, sugar, and flour.These measuring cups are highly attractive.  The brushed appearance should reduce the effect of inevitable dings and scratches that tend to mar the surface of polished stainless steel measuring cups.  The non-slip handles are functional as well as decorative, and provide a nice location for color-coded cup sizes.  I am tempted to hang the measuring cups as a kitchen decoration.Cleaning these stainless steel measuring cups is a breeze.  A soft scrubbing pad and dishwashing detergent and the cups are clean.  Indeed, grease, margarine and other similar substances that can be a challenge to remove from plastic come off with ease.  Additionally, these measuring cups are dishwasher safe.My only issue with these measuring cups is that they are round rather than pointed, which makes scooping some materials, for example brown sugar, a bit more challenging.  Some materials (brown sugar comes to mind) may need to be loosened with a knife, fork, or other implement before a measuring cup is effective as a scoop.I love dishware that is attractive and functional, and these measuring cups are both.  These measuring cups are also a significant improvement over our plastic measuring cups, at least one set of which are being consigned to the trash in favor of these.Enjoy!
These stainless steel measuring cups are fantastic!  The only thing that would make them even better were if a 3/4 cup was included.  You get 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup and 1/4 cup.  They are very strong which really appeals to me.  I have a larger set of plastic measuring cups which I frequently use to bake bread.  However, I am always aware of the stress I put on them when pressing a cup deeply into a bag of flour.  It feels like the handle could break off if I/m not extra careful.  With these stainless steel cups I no longer have that worry.They are very strong and can be used to dig into sacks of flour, sugar, rice or whatever without breaking off the handles.  And they are designed with a front edge that helps greatly with the digging process.Each cup is clearly labeled and have rubberized grips that make it easier for me to hang onto.  I like these measuring cups a LOT.  Like I said earlier, the only thing that could make them even better would be to include a 3/4 measuring cup. I have run them all through the dishwasher twice now and they came out fine.
This "OXO good grips measuring cups updated design" set, is lovely. This set contains four stainless steel measuring cups, with a good handle to grip the cup so as not to drop it. The four cups come in four different sizes: 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup measures The measurement markings are easy to read, and they're placed on the handle. These measuring cups are easy to use and easy to clean. Great, good design, and practical.
These cups have a pleasantly substantial feel. They also sport pleasantly textured and secure handles. They stack-store and are easy to keep clean. In a low-tech product like a measuring cup, that's about all you can ask.
These measuring cups were nice upgrade from my old plastic ones. I like how sturdy they are.They are:- easy to clean,- great for using butter,- convenient to use on the stove to heat up anything,- good looking,- good quality.I use them separately because it's better for me to clean each cup separately than the whole thing if I would use only one. They are easy to remove from the ring and put it back. No complains here so far.
These sleek brushed stainless measuring cups are functionally styled to go beautifully with a stainless steel kitchen.  They sit flat, with no tendency to tip, have silicone handles so there is no slickness or heat transfer, and are clearly color-marked on the handles with size.  The set  includes 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and full cup.  The handles are notched so the cups can be attached/detached from the ring, so the nested set stays concisely together when stored.  I cannot fathom any improvements.
There are never enough measuring cups (or spoons for that matter) in the kitchen, and the majority of the cups in my kitchen happen to be plastic. I was very interested in trying the OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel measuring cups and so far I am very pleased with them.I will start by addressing a concern I have seen in a few of the other reviews posted for these measuring cups. Several other reviewers have noted that the handles bend and are flimsy. I have not made the same observation, and I think OXO has updated their design and addressed this issue. With some effort the handles can indeed be bent, but it does require (at least in my case) a conscious effort to bend them. Scooping brown sugar from the bag is not sufficient for causing the handles to bend.The fact that these are made of stainless steel and not plastic means that I no longer have to deal with measuring cups that stain when measuring tomato-based liquids and they do not take on the smells of certain things (like garlic) either. They won't melt when measuring hot liquids like melted butter, either, which is a problem with plastic measuring cups (though glass is probably even better for such). And, they're safe to toss in the dishwasher too, especially since they are heavy enough to sit on the top shelf and not be blown around.I personally do not have any real feeling one way or the other about the rubber grip handles. They look nice, they are comfortable to hold and they are definitely easy to read, but I don't mind using a straight metal handle either. This is strictly a personal preference. That said, if for some reason these cups are going to be used to measure very hot things like boiling water, the rubber grip will be very much needed.The only concern I have about these cups is the price. At this moment they are $20 here on Amazon, and that's a steep price when other measuring cup sets can be found for less than half that price. The cheaper sets are not of the same quality, though, and there are even more expensive measuring cup sets out there too, so this may very well be a good balance of price to quality.The OXO Good Grips stainless steel measuring cup set is a very good set of measuring cups that will serve you well. They are of good quality and OXO seems to have addressed the handle issue from the past. They're a little pricey but you get a quality product for that price. If you need a good set of measuring cups that will server you for many years, this is a good set to consider.
These are wonderful stainless steel measuring cups-durable without being too heavy, with an attractive brushed finish. The measurements are are not engraved into the steel, so I never have to strain my eyes to read the numbers.I can easily unlatch the size that I need since each handle has a "C" shaped hook on the end with a narrow opening, enabling me to quickly grab the one cup I want without having to undo a bothersome ring (these hook onto a one-piece hard plastic oval). I used to hate fiddling with a ring so much, that I would drag my entire set of cups along to use just one-that was a complete hassle.Though the cups are easy to take off, amazingly, they have never come apart on their own-great design!The measurements are colored (1 c. is yellow, 1/2 c. is green, 1/3 c. blue, 1/4 c. red) hard plastic numbers set (flush) in black, heavy rubber-coated handles. These handles are very sturdy with no bending issues, whatsoever. They get machine washed and come out looking just as good as the first day I opened the package.I find these MUCH better for my children to use while cooking. The numbers are big, clear and colorful. They add an element of fun and a "grown-up" feeling that wasn't the same as when they would use the cheaper plastic cups. The colors are fun for me, too. They are nice and level, allowing me to even use them to cut out biscuits.Again, this is a great product that I heartily recommend for cooks of any age. The apparent improvements in the OXO stainless steel cups have made these a JOY to cook with.
My Mom has an old set of OXO cups which I always use when I visit her house.  The funny thing is that I'm the one who loves to cook and bake, and she hates to, yet I usually end up using some cheap dollar store measuring cups.  Well, a month or so ago, I bought a scale on Amazon which I love... but it's still easier for me to use measuring cups.  These are the stuff dreams are made of (if you dream about measuring cups).  They are heavy and substantial.  They easily come on and off the ring that keeps them together.  They are simply a pleasure to use.BUT, if you want to be an accurate baker, you probably need a scale.  According to King Arthur Flour, a cup of flour should weight 4.25 oz.  Well, I weighed a cup from these and it was 5.8 oz.  Big difference.  (Of course, I've never had any issues using measuring cups, even though everybody says that if you're serious you should weigh things. :))This would make a great wedding gift.  Might be looked down upon at first, but the bride and groom will use them for years...and think of you fondly every time.
I have no complaint about these measuring cups. They are not too heavy and feel good in the hand. The color-coding ensures that you won't have to put your glasses on when trying to distinguish between a 1/3 and a 1/2 cup measure. They do come on a plastic ring, and I didn't find it all that easy to detach them, so I ditched the ring. Tidier persons might like this feature, however.I cannot really justify spending this kind of money for measuring cups. You'll have to decide that one. And it's true that my favorite measurer (only the 1 cup measure is left after many years of service, including in the sandbox, no doubt) is an ugly green plastic number. It just feels right---what can I say?M. Feldman
There are two main differences with this Good Grips set of stainless steel measuring cups and others I have owned. First, the padded handles are an important addition because even if grasping items is not normally an issue, the thin metal handles usually attached to this style of measuring cup, are just naturally uncomfortable to hold. But, these handles are not just padded, but also wider, measuring a full inch where my other set measured less than one half inch. This extra width makes gripping them more comfortable and more secure.Second improvement is the molded one-piece construction. The metal handle and cup is one unit, with the rubberized handle encasing the metal. In the past, this structural vulnerability has caused handles on my sets to break-off the bowl. Spot welding seemed to be the popular method (or something even less substantial) of attaching the two pieces but it not only created a crevice for whatever was being measured to get caught in, but also caused structural weakness. That is why just the weight of a cup of sugar or flour could be enough to snap the handle off the bowl - something I had happen more than once. With this set there is no such possibility - a much improved design.The color coding is a nice addition, the markings are easy to read, and the snap on ring is convenient. The flat bottom of the bowl rests securely so contents don't inadvertently spill as I've experienced with wobbly-bottomed sets. The cups are dishwasher safe and the weight of the set feels reassuringly substantial - like they were built to last. I am impressed.
Oxo good grips measuring cups - updated design.. couple years ago i got into the from scratch slow food organic cooking and i started baking from scratch all my breads and everything else i used to purchase ready made. better tasting food i know whats in it etc.  i realized i needed a batch of sturdy measuring cups and spoons so i bought some, the less expensive brands one cup broke when i was measuring flour one day and i realized i'd have to supplement my measuring cups or have to continue to plan cooking and baking around the dishwasher loads. i was thrilled when perusing my newsletter that Amazon Vine gave me the opportunity to test Oxo's new measuring cups something i wouldnt have splurged on. i was wrong. these are totally worth splurging on whether you bake sometimes or weekly.  the updated design nice length on the handles good balance and padded handle- makes them easy to measure flour,  the top of the cup is a straight edge so you can knife edge it with no problem and the handle is easy to hold nice balance so you dont drop it back in the flour sugar etc, i've had that happen and they wash up like a dream in the top rack of the dishwasher.  they are a nice weight but not too heavy. if only they had the larger than one cup and some of the odd sizes for us bakers.  thank you OXO and Amazon.. i really love these cups and am very pleased with them!
These measuring cups are great! I wanted a new set that wasn't plastic with markings that would rub off. I also didn't want a set with a line to fill to instead of filling all the way and leveling off. These are very sturdy and have nice handles; they also come easily off the ring without a fuss. Also easy to clean.
If you have a stainless steel designer kitchen there is no need to muck it up with cheap plastic measuring cups. These OXO stainless steel measuring cups are heavy duty and look great. They also have some great design features like a heavy duty removable ring to keep them all together, tough non-slip rubber coated handles with colored rubber numbers so the measurement amount can't wear off, and they are slanted for easier measuring, and dishwasher safe. These are great measuring cups.
I love these! Not only do they look great but they're really handy. My four-year-old son likes to "help" out in the kitchen. He had a hard time with my old measuring cup which is a plastic one with the graduated lines on it. But with these, I just give him the correct cup size and tell him to fill it and he does. Easy peasy!Also, the grippy handles are great because I am sometimes fumbled-fingered; especially when I'm trying to measure liquids. Best yet, when all the cooking is done, these just go right into the dishwasher.Love them!
I love the stainless steel design with the little rubber grips on the end.  They are easy to take off the ring to use them individually.  I don't understand the reviews that say the handles are "bendy" - I haven't had a problem (granted I've only measured ingredients with them, I haven't tried to dig a hole with them).I've gathered up all of the scratched discolored plastic cups that somehow became detached from their rings and tossed them out.  This is the only set I will be using. XOX makes the greatest products.
I really needed new measuring cups, my kids have a bad habit of throwing stuff away and several from my old set had gone missing. I always loved my old beat up old aluminum measuring cups and grew up using those. The moment I touched these I knew I would love them. They are so sturdy and do not have bendy handles like previous reviewers have stated. I believe that they fixed that design flaw. the ring is unnecessary in my kitchen and actually difficult to use so I chucked that and have since placed these in a drawer for easy use anytime. They're beautiful, clean up well, have nice handles, and are very sturdy and look great in my kitchen. I highly recommend these.
The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups in Stainless Steel are very good measuring cups, they are very strong and steardy. I have no problems with the handles bending. The handles on this set are very durable and will last a long time.
These metal measuring cups are well made, having a smooth finish and size-marked rubber handles.  I like the wider openings on the top for keeping the overspill of flour and/or sugar off my counters.  My only peeve with these is that I like cups that nest well, and these are a little tricky.  If you want them to fit in a normal shallow island drawer, you can't pile the handles on top of eachother.  You almost can, but the top handle rubs a little as you close the drawer.  The fix is to fan the handles out while the cups are still nested.They've made several trips through the dishwasher and with no problems at all.  Recommend!
The Oxo Good Grips Measuring cups have a snap-on-or-off measuring cups with comfort grips handles. The measuring cups are made of heavy-duty stainless steel. The cups are somewhat rounded leaning towards an oval shape making scooping out and measuring dry ingredients relatively easy.The cups come with a satisfaction warranty guaranteeing replacement or repair.The measuring cups are dishwasher-safe making clean-up easy.Recommend.
Clearly the "updated design" corrects the problem previous reviews had mentioned about the flimsy handles.  You could probably scoop ice cream with these suckers without bending the handles.  I guess manufacturers do pay attention to their customers!When I first saw the picture, I was a little concerned that the cups would be permanently attached like keys on a jailers ring, the way measuring spoons usually are.  I found it especially clever that you can snap an individual cup off the ring to use it separately and then snap it back on once it's washed and ready to store.  Not only are they much easier to use this way but you only have to wash the size you used not all of them.  Being metal, you won't be able to use them to melt something in the micro, but you could put them on super low heat or under the oven vent to melt something which you could not do with plastic.I'm going to get a hook to hang these on my pot rack since they are as stylish in appearance as they are functional.  Another winner from OXO!!!
To measure or not to measure that is the question ... Whether it is nobler in the kitchen to use stainless or suffer the slings and arrows of neighbors who know you secretly use plastic when they aren't around.To sift, to measure, no more! (plastic) and by this recycle bin we say to end - bye bye plastic.  The heartache and the shock of discovering that you have just used 1/3 instead of 1/4, the numbers on the plastic worn.  This is a consummation, devoutly to be wished, when ere the stainless dips into the flour yay that first time.  Verily.  I say unto you. (in the words of my Uncle, Allez Cuisine)Take no pause!  Grip the good of the Grip of Good.  My fair stainless - Nymph of kitchen tools.  Be all my measuring remembered.
I think I must have received a newer version, because I read that people were having problems with the handles bending. Maybe this is because they used to make the handles with just rubber and they would flex. These measuring cups have solid handles that won't bend for anything. The cups measure and function beautifully, just what you expect from OXO brand kitchen wear. Stainless steel is a nice addition to any kitchen, clearly labeled, and easy to handle, this is a great buy. I absolutely love the way these feel when I use them.
I have been using these in the kitchen:OXO SoftWorks 4-Piece Plastic Measuring Cups.  My biggest complaint about the old set is that the color labels on each cup (1/2, 1/4, 1/3) all started wearing off as soon as I put them in the dishwasher (despite OXO's claim that they are dishwasher safe).  I wrote OXO about the problem, they sent me another set, and I had the same problem.  Once the numbers wear off, it's difficult for me to quickly distinguish between the 1/4 and the 1/3 cup measures without seeing them side-by-side.So, when I saw this new set of cups, with color labels, I figured that I would run into the same problem.  I'm happy to report, though, that these color labels seem more permanent.  Washing in the dishwasher has had no noticeable effect on the labels.  In addition, the markings on this set use raised lettering.  So, even if the color were to fade away, the raised letters keep the cups readable.Other notes:1) They seem fairly accurate.  I tested the capacity of each using water and a scale, and found that each can hold the stated capacity, with just about 1/16" to spare.2) I like the weight of the cups...especially the fact that they stay upright even when empty.All in all, this is a great set of cups!
This is a set of basic, sturdy measuring cups.  The best part for me was that they really were easy to remove to use and clean separately.  They stood up to the dishwasher and to the five-year-old dropping them on a very hard tile floor - no dents, no damage.I find them easy to use - the measurement markings were clear and easy to see - and I find them easy to clean.  They also stored easily in my kitchen drawer.  A win all around!
Now that I have them, there are several reasons these measuring cups have become an absolute essential part of my kitchen. Despite the fact that I bake mostly by weight, these cups are getting used nearly everyday for a wide variety of tasks. I use them not only when I'm cooking and measuring ingredients and liquids, but also when I'm serving to help regulate portions.One of the major points I like about the cups is their weight. They are a bit heftier than standard measuring cups I've used and I like that. They don't knock around quite so easy on the counter or in the drawers when stored, which I like. The weight also feels substantial in hand, like a good knife should.The sloped edge of the measuring cups lends well to scooping dry goods from jars or bags and also helps when pouring liquids from them. I didn't think I would like this or find it useful at first, but it seems to have it's purpose.The rubberized grip is nice, like many of the items in OXO's brand. The handle could be a little longer to help provide better leverage, but overall the measuring cups are very well made.I've been using these constantly and I've really enjoyed having them in my kitchen. Measuring cups get used and abused and having something sturdy to do the job is perfect. I love these.
As my title for the review would suggest I really do like these things.  They are sturdy, accurate, and very easy to clean. Unlike some my plastic measuring devices, I don't worry about these breaking and the dishwasher is no issue for them.
We had two different kinds of measuring cups, one by a guy named Mario, and I think the other was by Biff.Mario had white cups, no handles, that seemed great, the sort of cups you could do your mis en place and line up all the little mesauring cups of garlic, and shallots, and pour them one at a time into the dish at hand, to the cheers of the crowds.Biff's (or were they Paula's, or Cheswick's) were those simple tin measuring cups, no frills.These have solid nice handles, and are what you would want to actually measure something.  They connect to a caribiner-style hook, and can hang in your kitchen.  They give a good grip when you are trying to measure a 1/4 or 1/3 dram of Drambuie, a 1/2 or 1 cup glog of Grog.  They are tools.We will keep Mario's, and move Biff's measuring tools to the camping supplies.  Good tools.Also,about the bendy handle complaint.  I cannot judge this.  I am a man of immense strength.  I bend almost everything.  Therefore, I hold utensils carefully, like little food-cooking-eggs.  I once bent an elephant.  Also a collander.  So, I fail to see this as a problem.
I love OXO products - I wish I could replace everything in my kitchen with OXO.These measuring cups come in the following:1 cup1/3 cup1/2 cup1/4 cupThe handles are comfortable and easy to grasp; each measurement is in a different color - I'm not sure I'd remember which color is which, so I'm not sure why they did this...The cups are dishwasher safe, too and stainless steel, so they should last forever.  Definitely a recommendation for the home cook!
These cups are everything they claim to be and more.  Easy to use, uniquely shaped, and easy to read.  I love the clip for attachment or removal from the ring.  Highly recommended.
This OXO Good Grips Measuring cup set coordinates well with my stainless steel kitchen. The cups nestle nicely and they clean up easily and do not stain. I can throw these in the dishwasher unlike my many sets of plastic cups. They are easy to remove from the hook and like most OXO products, seem to be made to be durable and long lasting.
I have always been impressed with OXO's kitchen gadgets. They are well built and function nicely. The soft grips do prevent slipping. The measuring cups are sleek looking with an angled lip for easy ingredient pouring. Easily detachable from the ring for single use. They clean nicely. The price might turn some customers off, but these are built to last for years so they are a good investment.
These have a solid feel to them. We've had some metal measuring cups in the past, and they would dent very easily.The OXO measuring cups are solid and because the metal is thicker. I don't see them denting anytime soon.The handle grip is also a nice addition. The metal measuring cups we used previously had a metal only handle and it just wasn't as nice or as good to grip as the OXO. It would be nice to know what the material is that is used for the grip (silicon or rubber etc), but the packaging didn't say.Overall, great solid feel to them.
Who doesn't need a good set of measuring cups for the kitchen?  And solid, stainless steel ones to measure flour and sugar with, are great: they separate easily or can stay together: my one complaint, is that the handles are not as solid as the main part: they BEND! It bends a little too much for what I want in the kitchen, although that is handy when you are trying to fit the measuring cup into a too-small box of pancake flour! LOL...I would say these are great, just be aware of the bendy handles.  I would say just buy with caution, knowing what you're getting...
I've never been disappointed with an OXO product, and these measuring cups "measure up" to the usual OXO standard. They're a sturdy stainless steel, with great grips and clear markings. I don't know my set is different than others, but the handles on my set don't easily bend. They're dishwasher safe, and looked just as good after going through a cycle. I especially like the ring that holds them together. They stay on the ring when you want them to, but are easily detachable. That alone is worth the price of admission. Another great OXO product.
They're measuring cups what can you really say about them?Are they accurate?  Yes. Silly question to ask but for the sake of the review I did compare them with other cups and they measured accurately.Is it easy to tell which cup you are using?  Yep, big ole colored numbers on the handle of each cup.There are only four cups, 1/4, 1/3, , and 1 cup.  I do wish there were more, but you can measure just about anything off with the right combination of scoops.I had read some of the older reviews of these cups and read a lot about the handles bending and the metal being soft.  I can attest they have resolved that problem, these cups are very sturdy and even have a little weight to them.  Stainless steel with rubberized handles, you would really have to work at it to damage or bend these cups.  I like how they are kind of heavy duty as I use them when having to scoop something heavy like grains or cereals.Overall I find no faults with these cups and highly recommend them.If you have any questions about the cups feel free to leave a comment below and I will do my best to answer.
These measuring cups arrived right when I wanted to try a recipe for double chocolate chip cookies. They worked well for measuring flour and sugar. I noticed that the handles were very comfortable and the stainless steel was especially sturdy. Usually the handles on my other measuring cups eventually break but these seem like they are going to last a very long time. The older you get the more you appreciate comfort and these deliver. I was happy to add this to my OXO collection.~The Rebecca Review
I REALLY like these little measuring cups!1. They are made with one SOLID ring, and the cups THEMSELVES have slot openings that allow them to be removed from the ring. This is a much better design than the traditional ring that opens, which is either too flimsy to work over time or too sturdy to actually open on command.  Really like that feature.2. They fit nicely in your hand, like so many other OXO products.3. They are sturdy and come out looking great form the dishwasher4. The range of sizes is perfect5. Metal is much nicer for plastic, especially for measuring out things like boiling water or tomato sauce (no transfer of colors or tastes to the food)All in all, a nice price, a good buy, and would also make a nice present (they are higher quality and therefore will last a long time!).
These are great measuring cups.  Sure look better than the old plastic, stained white ones I've been using for the past 10+ years!These are strong and have a nice weight to them.  I like the colorful printed measurements on the handle.  The handle is nice, too.  The handles have some type of soft feeling rubber on them, which make the handles easy to grip and hold on to.The stainless steel design make these very attractive.  Really built to last, just like all other OXO products I've used.These don't stack as nicely as my old plastic ones do, I think due to the rubber handles.  But, I can deal with that in return for the good function and great look of these.
There are great looking sturdy stainless steel measuring cups.  They have non-slip handles that are easy to hold and are very strong.I normally don't comment on other reviews but I noticed that some mentioned these having flimsy handles. I don't know if a change was made by OXO at some point but the handles on the measuring cups I have are strong and show no signs of bending at all.They are easy to use. I have used them to measure items like flour and sugar as well as various liquids. Because they are so well made, they work great.Each handle has a rubber like coating on it that is black and has a different color measurement marker for example the cup has a one which is yellow, the 1/4 cup has a red 1/4 on it.  Each measuring cup can be attached to a ring keeping them together or they can be put one on top of the other.The stainless steel looks great. These are the best looking measuring cups I have ever seen.They are dishwasher-safe but I hand wash them after each use so I can't comment on how they hold up in the dishwasher.I am very pleased with these measuring cups.
I've been using a set of plastic measuring cups for about ten years now; the ink on the plastic has completely rubbed off so it's almost impossible to read what size the cups are.These OXO measuring cups couldn't have come sooner!  The stainless steel cups have thick sidewalls and are nicely weighted.  The handles are covered in thick plastic and did not exhibit any of the "bending" problem issues that other reviewers mentioned.  Perhaps those were a bad batch.No complaints!
I got these cups to replace plastic ones that I had been using. The plastic ones are serviceable, except that the numbers identifying the sizes wore off when they were washed and they have a tendency to stain with acidic things (like tomato sauce). These, clearly, will not stain and the number is on a comfortable and easy to grip raised rubber handle. I don't think the paint on the numbering is likely to wear off over time, but, even if it does, the way in which it is embedded in the handle should keep it readable with or without the color.The cups are designed to act as scoops. If you look carefully, you can see that they have a slightly raised edge and are a little elongated so that you can dip into the flour or sugar more gracefully. Despite this design, they remain level across the top so you can run a knife over the top to even out a measurement (something which is important for baking). The cups have good heft and, though someone mentioned that they bent, I can't imagine they'd bend without a lot of force being exerted on them. Certainly any food you might measure would not weigh enough to damage them. I guess it's possible that, if you got them quite hot, they might bend a bit if you scooped up a hot liquid like soup in them. However, for regular use, they are plenty sturdy and certainly no less sturdy than any other measuring cups I've used.The cups come with a ring which they hook on via a little notch in the base. I never keep my measuring cups on a ring, but this design is a little more accommodating than the usual key chain style ring. However, it is a little hard to get them on and off, so I wouldn't recommend doing it too much. I think eventually the notches may widen and they won't stay on the ring, but this really isn't a concern for me. It's only an issue if you use them infrequently and want to hang them by the ring.These are attractive and sturdy measuring cups and I think any serious cook or baker would be pleased with them.
Really nice, sturdy measuring cups with good grips.  Worth buying and very handy.  Highly recommended.  The brushed steel is easy to clean and classy.
I love the stainless steel cups, the rubber handles, and the construction of the set. I see some reviewers have had issues with handles bending - maybe they've fixed that? I'm guessing so, because I'm hard on the cups and never had even a slight bend. They're holding up well, with both powders and liquids.
We do a lot of cooking in our home, so we've done plenty with measuring cups.  Plastic cups, metal cups--even glass measuring cups.  After working with so many different types, you do tend to get a feel for the types  that work the best and wind up standing the test of time.  OXO's Good Grips Measuring Cups are stainless steel with soft grip plastic handle with the measurement of the cup printed on the top of the handle.  The set comes with 4 different measurement cups, sizes 1 Cup, 1/2, 1/3 and 1/4.  All four attach to a sturdy plastic ring.Sturdy and easy to clean, these are a fantastic addition to our kitchen.  Unlike plastic sets that tend to stain over time, these do not take on the coloring of the foodstuffs measured out--even tomato based items and turmeric.  While we do not own a dishwasher, these are supposedly dishwasher safe with measurement labels that will not rub off after heavy use.  Whether these numerical labels will last over time remains to be seen.  So far, so good.  The deep cups allow for easy scooping--it's easier to get the full amount in one go than it is when the cup is shallow.What we really love is the ability to hang  these cups up by their main ring.  We can detach each cup in turn and put them back on without opening the ring or pulling off every measuring  cup.  The cups don't come off super easy, but that's a plus since you don't want to dislodge all the cups accidentally. My only real complaint may be that the set does not come with a 3/4 size measurement--though often these days it's hard to find a set that does.A sturdy and practical product for everyday kitchen measuring.Happy cooking! ^_^ Shanshad
This is a set of four cups - the standard 1-cup, 1/2-cup, 1/3-cup and 1/4-cup assortment.  If you want the 2/3 and 3/4 cups in a set, you'll need to get theOXO Good Grips 6-Piece Measuring Cup Set, Updated Design, which is plastic.I will have to say that I was not expecting these measuring cups to be as substantial as they are.  I wanted a set of metal cups because my plastic ones have gotten pretty battered, and these will fill the bill exceedingly well.I can't imagine that this set won't be durable.  The product description does not mention what grade of stainless steel they are made of, but with proper care they should never rust.Oxo did improve the handles over the previous design. I have an older set of Oxo plastic measuring cups, and the numbering did wear off of the grip. With the numbering embossed on the handle, there should be no problem with being able to immediately tell what size cup you've grabbed even if the paint wears off.
I have never been disappointed with an OXO product - they are innovative and high quality - and these measuring cups definitely measure up to my expectations.  They are stylish, sturdy, and conveniently designed. Each cup hooks on to a black, rubber ring and each snaps off of the ring for single use, if desired.  The cups have rubber, non-slip handles and can be cleaned in the dishwasher.  It's obvious they are quality construction.  OXO comes through with another high-end kitchen utensil.
These measuring cups are so sturdy that I was able to use them to serve rock hard ice cream and the handles stayed rigid without the slightest bend. The rubber coating over the handles keeps them cool if you want to use the measuring cups for heating small quantities of ingredients over a gas flame or electric burner. The markings are easy to read because the font is large and the color-coding helps too. The shape is very useful, an excellent alternative to the usual straight-sided measuring cups. The price is reasonable given the high quality. If you are looking for a versatile, top-quality set of 4 measuring cups in the standard sizes, this set is a very fine choice.
This set of measuring cups by OXO has quickly replaced all the miscellaneous sets I've acquired over the years, including my plastic Pampered Chef ones. These are very sturdy and have a weight to them that makes scooping and scraping easier. My favorite feature is how they easily unclip from the ring to be used individually, which was my biggest complaint with the cheap set I've used for years. I hated having to wash all the measuring cups after using just one of them.They stack neatly and take seconds to wash. They do not have any measuring lines on the side, but I've never used those anyways so I prefer them without. This is a set of 4, in sizes 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup. The only thing that would make them better is if there was a 3/4 cup measure included.
OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups are just what one would expect from OXO.  Quality materials that feel good in ones hand.  As a baker, precision is key in making any cake, pie, cookie or tort. This set includes four dry measuring cups, and I verified their measurements against two other sets, so they are trustworthy and true in their amounts.  Measurement size is embossed on the handle cover for easy reading, however I have to wonder how this is going to hold up over time against dishwasher detergents, but this is a minor concern.  Another minor concern is how the plastic keeper ring that each cup snaps onto to keep the set together will hold up over time.  Still, these stainless cups are much better than pure plastic measuring cups that can warp and stretch over time.I give them five stars, despite my two minor concerns.  Still, given the price, these are a good buy.
I just received the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups which are awesome!  They are heavy because they are stainless steel which I really like.  The measurements are 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/4 cup and the measurements are right on top of the handle which makes it so easy to read.  The cups are hooked together but can easily be removed to use as individual cups.  The handles are soft and easy to hold in your hand.  They are dishwasher safe.  Just be careful because the dishwasher soap can leave them looking dull.  I prefer to have the shiny stainless steel look.  I am so happy to have another OXO brand kitchen product.  Hope if you purchase this set you will be as happy with them as I am!
These are just about the stoutest measuring cups I've ever used.  I actually didn't realize how nice that is until I took a big scoop of heavy flour and didn't feel the cup straining under the load like my cheap plastic measuring cups always do.  These are not lightweight, thin-wall stainless measuring cups, the material is actually pretty substantial.  The OXO rubberized grips are, as always, very easy to hold and have a really positive grip to them.  The best thing, though, is that you can take the cups off the ring really easily, but they have such a firm hold that they won't fall off too easily on their own.  This is much more convenient than having to unclip something (that eventually broke) like my old sets required.  These are my new favorite measuring cups, and they look great too, and are now hanging on my baking rack.
I really love these measuring cups. They are very strong and heavy and will last for a long time. They are stainless steel, so cleanup is super easy, just throw them in the dishwasher - no rusting or warping. The measure very accurately and make baking very simple. I will be using these for years to come.
These measuring cups are nice and sturdy.  They are thick walled, and would definitely stand up to a little heat if you needed to gently heat these on the stove top.  What I liked most about these was the way they can snap off and on the ring.  You can easily pull one cup out, use it, and place it back into the ring.  This way you can keep your set together and still use them individually.  I love this feature.  I have lots of measuring cups scattered in my kitchen because I had to take the whole ring apart to use one cup.  Then came the task of putting them back together.  With this set you can pull apart what you need and easily place it back together.
These are very good quality and offer a great, solid and comfortable feel.  I have had great luck with OXO products and can certainly recommend them to others.  These measuring cups are great.
It seems that most of the previous reviews complain that the handles on the OXO measuring cups are too pliable (or "bendy" as most people prefer to say). In the ten+ years since OXO introduced this design, they have made some important updates. The handles are now quite sturdy. I'm not sure if the handles have also been extended, but I have not found them to be "stubby." Their width in comparison to their length makes them appear stubby, but really, the distance from the cup to the tip of the handle is equal to my other set of measuring cups - the ultra-fancy All-Clad measuring cups that are essentially miniature pots.The OXOs are weighty and I expect them to hold up over time. The styling is excellent, as is usual with OXO products. The one improvement that I would suggest is some sort of measuring marks on the interior of the cups. The All-Clad set is nice because it gives you marks so show increments so that you can, say, use the 1C cup to measure out a 1/2C. Yeah, the All-Clad set costs more than twice as much, so I'm being very picky here.Overall, this is a quality set and will surely be a big improvement on any sort of plastic measuring cups that you're now using. Highly recommended.
Having owned the original set of these OXO Stainless measuring cups, the biggest fault were the thin handles. The handles would often bend under weight. Well apparently OXO actually listens to their customers' suggestions because these newer models have much more sturdy handles. I haven't been able to bend one yet. Another improvement is the lip - the lips on the older models were straight cut and had a very sharp angled grind on them. The new cups, while not rolled anything that extreme, have a slight outward lip which makes their edge much less extreme. The cups are also graduated instead of at a straight 90 degree angle. A sneaky little change I didn't notice until I was trying to take the cups apart - instead of having an open ring and threading the cups out like off of a keychain, the handles of the measuring cups are an open "C" shape so you can remove the cup from the ring, instead of the ring from the cup. A subtle improvement, but a nice one.Otherwise everything else is pretty much the same. The handles retain their "gripy" nature, the measurements written in color on the handle. I look forward to using these for decades to come, just like their siblings.
I am so pleased with my set of four OXO stainless steel measuring cups!  I have many other sets of cheaper and expensive plastic and glass cups but have never had any in stainless steel.  I really appreciate the large, covered handles that identify the size and make using them easier and more comfortable.  Another nice feature is the slightly elongated shape of the cup to aid in scooping and pouring/emptying of the contents.  They are dishwasher safe and stain resistant.  They are easily removed from the ring that keeps the set together and nest quite nicely to store.  I've had no problem with them bending when I've used them. Everything has it's limits but they appear to be pressed well and seem very sturdy between the cup and handle.The only thing I'd ask for might be more sizes, but these will be in my kitchen for (most likely) as long as I can cook!
Girls go for a guy who has stainless steel measuring cups. Trust me on this one. And I feel like more of a man as well. These are far superior to the cheap plastic ones I had picked up at the grocery store. Plus each individual measuring cup comes undone easily, and hooks back on just as easily. If you're looking for a classy addition to your kitchen, you can't go wrong with these OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups.
I'm a big fan of OXO brand products as I feel that they are usually:a) aesthetically pleasingb) well madec) sturdy and durableThese measuring cups from OXO are very nice and have all three of the above traits. Each cup has a brightly colored measurement indicator on the rubberized handle and they are made of weighty stainless steel. They can be snapped off of their ring and set on a counter easily due to the flat bottom of its design. It seems that the earlier model of these cups had problems with the measurement indicators being printed with ink and easy to rub off as a result but that definitely won't be a problem here as the indicators are now made with molded plastic set into the handles which ensure that the numbers won't fade or rub off easily. Another nice OXO product to add to the rest of the collection. Also check out theOXO Good Grips Y Peelerfor another good offering of theirs.
These Oxo Good Grips measuring cups are a typical, good quality Oxo product.  They are made of sturdy stainless steel and have ergonomic rubber grips on the handles that are so typical of other Oxo products.  The end of the handle has a little groove in it that allows you to snap the cups onto a provided ring to keep the cups organized.  They are easy to remove and replace on the ring.  I've not had problems with bending of the handles, but then I tend not to abuse my cooking utensils.  I'm confident these measuring cups will hold up well over time with reasonable care and usage.  Stainless steel measuring cups are typically expensive.  These are no exception.  But they are a quality product, and you get what you pay for.  I like them and recommend them.
Like a piece of really good cookware, each of the wonderful measuring cups is made of a heavy stainless steel with solid construction. The cups are heavy enough to sit without tipping over when you are filling them with ingredients. Each cup has a durable, permanent and sturdy non-slip, easy-grip handle, and each handle has a permanent color-coded marker indicating the size of the cup. These cups are so great that I set one on the edge of my ceramic top burner on low to melt butter, and I was able to pick it up without getting burned because of the padded handle. I am not suggesting this to everyone, and you should always take precautions when working over heat, but it worked for me. Also, these come with a sturdy circular attachment so that all the cups clip onto the circle and it is strong enough that they can all be stored on a hook for easy access. These are also dishwasher safe, and they look to me like they will last a lifetime.
Sturdy is the first word to describe Oxo's Good Grips set of measuring cups. Built of stainless steel, these cups are a real improvement over the lighter stainless steel (which the handles often break off of) or plastic measuring cups available. Oxo's measuring cups have soft grip handles which make them easy to grip and use. You're less likely to drop them. Each cup also has permanent, color-coded, easy-to-read numbers to you don't have to guess which cup you're using or hold the cup up to the light to read the size imprinted in the metal.This set of four (1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 1 cup) also features a separate ring, allowing you to hang the cups or keep them together. The end of each cup has a curved notch to allow the cups to snap onto the ring, or to hang. We found the ring annoying, so we just removed it.I've used the cups for a variety of dry ingredients (flour, sugar, brown sugar, etc.) and really like the way that they handle, scoop, and sit flat on the counter.
These are solid well constructed stainless steel measuring cups. Of course they are accurate, but they are also comfortable to use. Their rubber grips make them good to use when measuring wet ingredients, or when you hands are wet. They also have a detectable plastic ring that can keep your cups together, or you can take them off and have them loose. I have them attached to pegs on the inside of my cupboard so I don't need the ring, but it is handy to have.
We've purchased a couple other measuring cups sets on amazon, and these are by far the nicest.  The metal seems heavy duty, the black soft rubber handles have a nice feel, and the sizes are molded (not just printed) into the handles.  Also the color-coded size imprints help me quickly find the right cup at a glance.  They slip on and off the hard plastic ring with ease.Yes, it is possible to bend the handles if you really try.  They bend back easily though.  If you are scooping old brown sugar, hold the handles near the cup to minimize stress and prevent bending, or better, use something else to scoop the brown sugar into the measuring cups.I really like the look and feel of these vs. plastic cups such asTrudeau 5-Piece Measuring-Cup SetorProgressive GT-3520 International 19-Piece Measuring Cup and Spoon Set; but if you want something cheaper try the Trudeau.  Our Progressive set had most of the brittle plastic handles snap off within a few months.I highly recommend these durable and attractive brushed steel measuring cups.
These measuring cups are so nice that they can easily be used for their obvious purpose, and when not in use, displayed along with your better pots/pans/cutlery. The grippy handles make them a joy to use without having to worry about narrow handles slipping out of your hand. The quality far exceeds many similar items on the market. They measure accurately and look terrific. With little care, they will last for years to come. What else could you ask for?
As it turns out, not every measuring cup is created equal. Yes, they may all scoop out the same amount of flour, but not every kind will be this dishwasher-friendly, this sturdy, this long-lasting--or sexy. Yes, I admit it, I find these measuring cups sexy.Seriously though, these guys have a heavy-duty weight to them that is very high-end. The glossy stainless steel is attractive and prevents sticking. The handles are a firm, with solid rubber with the measuring amount clearly written in bright numbers. They're all kept together via a plastic ring that easily hooks and unhooks for storage convenience. The measuring amounts include 1, 1/2, 1/3 and 1/4 cups.OVERALL: yes, the price may be a little high for what you could easily purchase at a dollar store, but for the serious chef or someone who wants to have classy accessories in their kitchen, these measuring cups from OXO are a must-have. I'm very impressed.
I very rarely EVER begin reviewing any product with 5 stars but this begs for it, deserves it, EARNS it. The only very small gripe I have is the 2/3 and 3/4 cup sizes are missing and I am looking for them to purchase separately as I like these so much. I have taken up recent hobbies of making both home made bread (from scratch) as well as home brewing my own beers since I was forced to retire early due to disabilities. I really need a full & complete set. I love that the handles on these are rubber coated since my hands are constantly wet and I have to move fast when brewing my beers. And the sizing is CLEAR on these and seems as if it will last. This brings me to another point. I have the the older set form Christmas 2001. It had horribly flimsy handles and soon lost the clear sizing info that rubbed off within a year or so. These look to be a clear and complete redesign so I expect no such problem this time.If there is a single negative other than that it is this. I use very lightweight yeast in my beer brewing and in the smaller cups, it will tip over & spill some due to the very light weight of yeast. I will happily take that slight "problem" given the extreme quality & durable feel of this newer set. I suspect & would bet that this set will easily outlive me. The simple solution for me is I just took one of my many pill boxes and now place it under the smaller cup handles to prevent the tipping over issue (ain't old age GREAT?). I guess I love most every single thing about this product and I no longer have to look for where my wife HID our old cups. With the very handy hanger I put this new set right next to the paper towel hanger I need to use constantly when baking and brewing and it makes this SO convenient for an old guy like me I just can't say how much I love these things. No more frustration trying to sort through my wife's maze of gadgets and a storage system that makes NO sense to any man alive.This product is a 5 star product, plain & simple. The missing  2/3 and 3/4 cup sizes are of no consequence when you consider the unbelievably low price of this set combined with the extremely high quality of this set.
These are excellent quality measuring cups.  I used to adore the Tupperware measuring cups but now they don't have the nice hole so you can secure them on the top rack of your dishwasher.  These cups are heavy enough that they're not going to flip over and fill with water and they have a nice hook at the end to keep them from moving around and/or falling.The burnished finish always looks nice and doesn't show every stinking fingerprint. The ring seems substantial as well.  I expect these will end up lasting for generations if the coating on the end of the cups lasts.  I have an old metal measuring cup with the measurements stamped on and it's lasted probably 50 years and I can see these doing the same.
These are good quality, heavy duty measuring cups with the tops wider than the bottom.  It slants outwards.  I like the slant, some people don't.  I feel that the slant/taper makes it easier to use these as scoops.  The rubber on the handles make it easy to grip and are comfortable, but it does add bulk when storing in the drawer.  The rubber handle also make it so you can grab it easily off the stove after melting butter in them, but be careful that you don't melt the handle too.  Not a problem if you are careful and don't forget it is on the stove.  You get 4 sizes:  1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3, and 1/4.  It would be nice if there were more sizes and/or these had intermediate markings on the inside of these cups.  As it is, these are very sturdy, easy to use, easy to clean, easy to store, functional and beautiful measuring cups.  Plastic measuring cups are no longer an option for me after transitioning to stainless steel ones.  These ones are a good buy.
These are great measuring cups.  Will they measure better than the $1.99 version you can get at the grocery store?  No.  Will they withstand abuse from scooping dense items like cream cheese?  Yes.These are very nice, they are as accurate as you'd expect a measuring cup to be.  They are sturdy and clean up easy.  I have broken the handles off of plastic measuring cups, and I have bent the handles on many stainless steel verions.  I havent managed to break or bend this set though.These are great, durable, and look good.  Is a set of measuring cups costing 10x the price of a lesser set necessary?  Not at all, but even 10x the price of a cheap plastic set is a relatively small purchase for most of us, so if you want a nice set, you cant go wrong with these.
I never thought I'd wax poetic over a measuring cup but these even FEEL like quality.The material is heavy stainless steel. The cup/handles are molded in one piece and the handles are covered in a soft non-slip material. The numbers are molded and embedded in the handle so they will never wear off. Dishwasher safe.  Another quality OXO product.
I have owned many OXO products over the years. They are always very reasonably priced and are well made of quality materials as is this set. The stainless steel is of a heavy gauge and is carefully finished - the plastic handles are fully bonded. Easy to handle and clearly marked.
It looks weird to most american kitchens.  A beaker, you say?  But once you use it -- you'll never go back.  Ever.I measure things and then shake to mix.  Great for drinks, but also especially for cooking.  Alton Brown on the TV Show Good Eats uses a similar one (not sure if they are the same).  Pouring is a snap.  Measuring is a snap.A godsend for anyone whose hands shake too much to pour into a small spoon, or measuring cup that might tip over on the counter.  Its sturdy base assures free-standing pouring, even for those of us with carpal tunnel or other folk of uncertain hand movements.Once I used this, I found that many other tools became replaced.  It has some classy looks going on too -- nice as well as functional.
I was a bit skeptical of the practicality of this. I've used the glass Pyrex measuring "cups" but I've found that they are not always so precise. Sometimes the measuring marks are even printed off kilter. This "perfect beaker" however is much more accurate and I've come to like it quite a bit. Because it is so narrow near the base, it is much more precise for measuring smaller amounts. I'm not really sure what the practicality of the lid is. I've never stored anything in this, only for measuring liquids. Also helpful is that there are multiple measurements, including cups, ounces, tablespoons, milliliters, et cetera.
Odd how a measuring cup (or as it is called a beaker) can be so different and pleasing.  This one is!  It is so much better than our Pyrex measuring cups.  Why I don't know, but if I have to measure broth, juice, or any liquid, I will always reach for this one and not our old standbys.
concept is great.  Mine has lasted six years so far.  I love it.
I've had one of these for over 10 years; and not too long ago it got a thin stress crack in it.  Not bad at all for all the bounces and crashes in the sink and dishwasher.  The lip around the edge does make for perfect pouring; I've never had a drip come down the side, regardless of whether I am measuring oil, eggs, milk, or water.  The wide variety of scales (ounces, cups, metric, etc) and a variety of fractions for cups, comes in quite handy.  And the markings are just as visible after 10 years, unlike Tupperware measuring pitchers.  I tried the tip that Aaron Contorer suggested to drill some small holes in the base to let dishwasher water out from the base and that solved my only complaint!
Alton Brown knows his stuff. The perfect beaker is indeed the perfect way to measure out all you dry or wet ingredients.  It is great to only need one device to measure out most any possible measurement you'll need.Plus it makes you feel like a mad scientist!!Great stuff.
I've had this for a couple of years.  We use it almost daily.  It works great and makes amazing popcorn every time.  S far, very reliable.  I purchase these as gifts for people who've visited and love my popcorn. It is always a big hit.
Amazon reminds me I bought this unit in 2006.  It still works perfectly, but here are some  points to consider.  First of all I never leave the black butter tray on the top when the popping is in progress.  The steam needs to get out to get the crispest possible result.  It's still not quite as crisp as microwave popcorn, but does a good job of popping all the kernels into big fluffy pieces.  I use organic popping corn which I store in a big mason jar to keep it fresh--if that matters with popcorn--don't know, but it's easier to pour from a jar than a plastic bag, and I never have a problem with the quality diminishing over time.I don't serve the popped corn in the cover (you'd need to replace the black cap if you do) because the inside is damp from the steam and would dampen the corn.  I prefer emptying it out into a wooden bowl.  That makes a nicer presentation, but in a dorm room, that doesn't matter and the cover serves fine in a pinch.The stirring arm will reverse by itself if it becomes snagged on heaped kernels or popped pieces and keeps things moving well during the popping.  Cleanup is usually just wiping it out with a paper towel after it's cooled.  When it's plugged in it begins heating immediately and the arm starts going around.  It doesn't go fast, just enough to stir the corn as it pops.  If you fill it too full of kernels the popped corn will raise the lid and escape so best to keep to the suggested maximum amount of kernels. I never bother to measure, just look for a single layer of kernels spreading out on the cooking surface.  More than that means overflow.  When you hear the popping stop, you unplug the unit and turn the whole thing over via the side handles, then lift the base off the bowl, returning it to the counter.  It's easy, but the inside surface of the base is hot so it's good to be careful.If you want buttered popcorn, use butter to begin with as the fat instead of oil.  It pops into the corn and flavors it nicely.  If drizzling butter on afterward is still important to you, I heat the butter in the microwave and pore it on separately.  The butter holder in the top isn't as effective in my opinion.  I'd rather keep it free for letting the steam escape.I've tried several different poppers over time, but was never really satisfied and kept going back to the microwave version, but worried about it being unhealthy. Popcorn can be a good snack if you hold the oil down and don't add too much salt, so I kept searching for a popper where I could control those things and use my own non-GMO corn.  This one really fits the bill.  It's consistent, reliable and simple--and still working perfectly after six years.  Although the popped corn could be a bit crisper, it's good enough that I will stick with this popper and am very satisfied with it.  Highly recommended.
This is our third purchase of the West Bend Stir Crazy popper.  The first one we used so much that after years of use the motor just died.  Our second one we had for a number of years and would have kept going strong if I had not accidentally dropped it and broke off a handle.  There was no question that our replacement would be the same unit.This unit is great- consistent and easy to use and to clean.  I put in my oil and popcorn, plug it in and go.  You will have a full bowl of popcorn.  I don't know that I have ever had unpopped corn.  Now whether this is attributed to the popcorn (I usually buy Reddenbacher or Jolly Time) or it is due to the constant movement of the corn I'm not sure, but I have been nothing but pleased.I don't choose to put my butter in on top as it seemed to take a long time and I had butter left unmelted when I tried, so I normally microwave my butter and put it in last. That is a personal preference though.Some reviewers say the coating of the unit comes off.  You do need to make sure that you do not have the stirring arm tighted down too tight, but that is just a screw in the middle and is an easy adjustment.Overall, our favorite popper.  We make popcorn a couple times a week and love this unit. For the money, you will get a great product that will keep you in perfectly made popcorn for years to come!
We've had one of these things for year.  And honestly, I really cannot recommend anything else.  The only reason that I had to buy my own now is that I got married!  Mom's is still working like a charm after 20 years, cooks the best popcorn out there, and it's just a great product!  We opted for the Disney Mickey Mouse version and just absolutely LOVE how it looks in the game room!  The popcorn tastes amazing, just the way it always has, and most of the kernels are popped.  Great item, great thing for kids to watch too!  We're the neighborhood hit for all the kids because they all love coming over to watch it pop.  Great, great item, used it for years, and am planning on buying another.  Highly, highly recommend!
Just popped our first batch after this beauty arrived from Amazon. The 5 star reviews are correct: this thing makes fantastic popcorn. Air popped popcorn is like chewey cardboard in comparison.We just popped 4 quarts of crisp, fluffy popcorn without a single unpopped kernel. And we use the plain Safeway brand popcorn! (no additives).This product is a winner.
West Bend's "Stir Crazy" is the way to make popcorn.  In a few minutes the popcorn comes out light, with very little unpopped or burnt. With multiple batches the popping time drops.  Butter can be placed in the top or butter oil can give the flavor.  We have tried other methods, but none match up.  This is the best!
Since my husband's heart attack and since we learned how to reverse his type 2 diabetes, we avoid *all* food chemicals as much as possible.  We both loved popcorn, but we tossed out the door the chemical laden microwave convenience popping brands.  The past few years we've used theNordic Ware 60120 Microwaver Popcorn Popper 12 Cupand were satisfied.. until our microwave died.  Once we went through the hassle of replacing our over the range microwave, my husband admitted popping popcorn was very hard on a microwave.  Just Grrreat.  So we were again on the search for a healthful solution to having our favorite healthy snack - popcorn! without destroying our microwave.  We knew we did not want a hot air popper - we like the taste of the oils and we realize the important roles of healthy fats in the diet.Growing up his family had a West Bend.  I had experienced the delicious popcorn at a friends house, but had never tried one myself.  The West Bend arrived last week. We immediately unpacked it, washed the plastic bowl and ensured the prongs did NOT rub the non-stick coating (thanks to comments from previous reviewers!) With nothing to assemble it was mere minutes before we began experimenting with batches of popcorn (we have german shepherds who enjoyed the fruits of our endeavors!)  We found the perfect mixture is simply:  1 cup popcorn, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons butter. (We realize per the manufacturer the butter is supposed to be in the butter cup above the popcorn - but we don't like any unnecessary mess to clean up!)  Plug it in and monitor until the kernels slow / stop popping.  We found for the most efficient pop was to warm the kettle for a couple minutes before loading with ingredients.Our granddaughters were coming over, so of course we had to experiment with "kettle corn".  It came out amazing!  We simply added a small amount of sugar to the above ingredients.  There are a number of other recipes in the West Bend Popper manual that we still intend to try.  Happy Popping!Update:  The popper is still going strong!  We have not experienced smoking issues when adding the butter directly to the kettle when adding the oil and popcorn (as has been otherwise indicated).  We also add a bit of sea salt (good source of trace minerals!) for perfectly flavored popcorn, every time. We simply warm the kettle a few moments (since it's currently winter here in the Midwest), unplug, add the ingredients and start the popper - perfect results every time. One cup of kernels perfectly fills aPlastic Popcorn Tub - 8.5" Squarehowever ours was very inexpensive from the local dollar store ;-)  My husband has limited use of his hand, yet he finds this popper relatively easy to flip when finished.  Pr-adolescents may need assistance to flip the hot popper over, but most older adolescents should be able to use this popper - with adult supervision of course!
Tried air poppers; blech, styrofoam pellets would taste about as good. Microwave corn; too much salt and &quot;butter&quot; in the packets, plus they cost a lot. Popping in a saucepan on the stove; horrible to clean afterwards and it burns. Microwave poppers; don't get me started.THIS is the one. The first one I had was in the dorm in college (one with the yellow bowl.) I think we bought it together for the whole floor. And this is still the best popper on the market, decades later.The only feature I don't like is the &quot;melt the butter in the well&quot; feature. It's probably less messy to melt the butter in the microwave (although I admit using the heat of the popper makes ecological sense.) The constant stirring makes sure all kernels get popped.It does make a difference if you use GOOD popcorn (you know the one I mean, Mr. R's best) and at least FRESH popcorn. And the  touch of oil used in the popping makes the popcorn taste wonderful. We sometimes use olive oil for a special taste treat. Anyway you pop it, this is a great device.
We've had this popcorn popper sitting in our pantry for years, but have never gotten around to using it because neither my husband nor I are very big popcorn fans. But recently, my kids have decided that they really love popcorn. I decided to finally make use of this machine because not only do I not want to load my kids up with the chemicals in microwave popcorn, but the microwaveable stuff leaves a film in my mouth and just makes me feel like I'm doing something bad to my body (and not in the good way that chocolate can!).This popper works quite simply. You put your oil and popcorn kernels in the base, put the lid on top, and plug it in. A little metal rod inside turns round slowly, evenly distributing the kernels and preventing any from sticking and burning. The kids absolutely love watching it pop. First the bowl gets all steamy, then the kids start asking if it's ever going to pop, and within minutes, it's popping away. Like microwave popcorn, as soon as you hear the popping sounds slowing down, you stop the process by unplugging the popper and turning the whole contraption upside down so your lid becomes your bowl.There is a sort of butter reservoir on the bowl. When popping, it's at the top (where the black lid is). Theoretically, you put your butter there while the popcorn is popping and it melts into the popcorn as you go. We've never been able to get all the butter to melt into the popcorn, so when we've tried this and put the lid on top, we always end up with butter on the bottom of the bowl (not touching any popcorn, so it's a complete waste). And then flipping the bowl, even with the lid securely in place, we've never been able to use this reservoir without the butter dripping. Still, it's easy enough to just melt our butter in the microwave or on the stovetop.
This container has easily helped me break my $5 a day habit at Starbucks!  It holds just enough coffee to get me through my day (brewed for much less $$ a day at home!) - and keeps it remarkably hot all day long.It is just the right size to easily be able to fit in a pack or briefcase, without being too bulky.  The stopper can be turned a few times to open up the spout for pouring your beverage (be sure to check which way the arrow is pointing on top of the stopper or you could make a mess).  The lid works well as a small insulated cup.I carry case or handles might be a nice improvement - but never-the-less I am very satisfied with this purchase.
This thermos is both well-made and keeps coffee hot.  The long, slender built makes this ideal for us road trippers who need to sip on hot coffee while driving.  The thermos fits in my van's cup slot, too, which is what makes this even more ideal because 32 ounces means half a pot of coffee fits in this thermos.I dropped this thermos accidentally when it rolled out of the van when I opened a side door.  The thermos withstood the fall.
I purchased TWO of these, with HIGH hopes that they worked as well asI had heard they did.  So far so good!!  I have put both hot and coldliquids in both of them and have left them sit in a car and in the house.They keep cold things cold for over 14 hrs., and the hot (coffee) was stillat a drinkable (not real hot but more than warm) for about 12 hrs.  I reallythink the true test will be on my road trip to AZ., I will try to remember tocome back and update this review after the trip...as one bottle will have icedwater in it and the other will have hot black coffee...so it should be a goodtest of the bottle.  As of right now, I would suggest this to anyone.  Its veryslim and I have a small hand, so it was easy for me to handle.  Also the screwin plug works well, make sure you have it threaded in straight then just tightenit down snugly.  The one thing I wasn't wild about was I had read it was made inJapan, and it ends up it is made in China, that's what is on the bottom of thebottle.
This Thermos is everything the other reviewers said it was. It will meet your high expectations and does exactly what it says it will. I don't want to repeat what has already been said by others. The only thing I have to add is that after 2 days, the hot tea put in this Thermos is still warm, that's pretty amazing.
This is an amazing product! amazon has its name for a reason - they sell amazing stuff and amazing prices! I make tea in the morning and drink it all day long. It stays HOT! It still will be hot even the day after! I've been using my thermos for a few months now and have to complaints. It works as good as it did the first week. The polish is still nice and nothing is leaking or cracked. I just got one for my husband. Wish they had the same design bottle in a bigger size. I would buy!
I just love this thermos.  It works so well and is the perfect size for a pot of tea to take with you.  I also have aThermos Nissan 61 Ounce Stainless Steel Bottle w/ Folding Handlethat is just too big for everyday use.  This is perfect and keeps drinks warm (or cold) or hours.  It also looks as pretty as the day I bought it after months of use.  It won't scratch or get dings in it, even if you drop it.  It also is very safe to put in your bag and carry.  No leaks whatsoever.  I really can't recommend this enough.
I bought this for my husband over 2 years ago and it still keeps his coffee steaming hot!There have been days he hasn't had a chance to drink his coffee and when I opened it up the next day the coffee has still been hot! He's a truck driver and this has been dropped many, many times. The cap is so dented up I'm surprised it still screws onto the top. A friend of his gave him a new thermos last Christmas (a different name brand) that costs close to double what I paid for this one. The new one didn't keep things as hot or even last a year. The only thing that would make this better would be adding a handle, but that still is no big deal. This is an excellent buy. The only reason I'm back on this page is I was checking to make sure this is the same one my daughter bought for her boyfriends birthday, he works nights and hot coffee is a must.
We use a large coffee press in the morning, which provides four cups of coffee. We share the first two and the rest goes into this Thermos.At lunchtime, I have hot coffee. Not cold, not warm, not tepid. HOT coffee! I used to buy my afternoon coffee but no more.The Nissan thermos is compact and light enough I can take it to work whether I'm driving or riding my bike.We were so pleased with this thermos we bought a second one a month later so that we can carry soup or another beverage on weekend trips.We paid $23 for the first thermos and received the second one 'free' as part of Amazon's 4-for-3 promotion.
If your office coffee is bad, you can pour the remainder of the breakfast pot into the Nissan and take it to work. It stays hot most of the day. Tea seems to get a bad flavor in here, but coffee stays hot and tasty. The design is elegant.
The Thermos Nissan 26-Ounce Stainless-Steel Bottle is your ideal travel companion for keeping your coffee, tea, or you favorite beverage piping hot on-the-go until you're ready to drink it.Pros----- Lengthy Heat RetentionIt will keep your beverage piping hot (or at the ideal temperature for enjoying your beverage) for at least 10-12 hours. Thereafter, you should expect the contents to be stay at least hot or warm for about an additional 10-12 hours.The reason the Thermos retains heat so well is its double-walled stainless steel construction and its use of a vacuum (not foam, mind you) chamber as the primary means of insulation . The inside of the Thermos is stainless steel, not plastic! The reflective surface of the stainless steel further helps with heat retention. Tradition carafes, for example, have a glass mirror interior for the same reason - but the fragility of glass would, of course, prove impractical for a portable unit.- Stainless SteelSince the inside of the Thermos is not made of plastic but stainless steel, there's no plastic to impart an unwelcome taste to your beverage.The Thermos has an attractive brushed stainless steel exterior.- Leak-ProofThe Thermos is completely leak-proof if the screw-on stopper is tightly closed. The stopper has a rubber lining to ensure a good seal. The exterior cap acts as somewhat of an added insurance should the stopper fail you!- Generous CapacityThe Thermos has a generous 26-ounce capacity. To help with visualizing how much 26 ounces is - think two 12-ounce cans of soda, plus 2 more ounces!Cons----- PlasticThere seems to be no way to get away from plastic these days. The inside of the cap, which doubles as a drinking cup, is plastic. The stopper, too, is made with plastic.- Moderate Scratch ResilienceAlthough the Thermos has a brushed stainless steel exterior, it's exterior is not as scratch resistant as I would have preferred it to be. It can incur some unsightly scratches fairly easily. It would, perhaps, have been more scratch resistant if it had a more heavily brushed stainless steel exterior.*Tip*In order to ensure that the contents stay hot for the maximum time possible do this:- Preheat the bottle by filling it with hot water and let it sit for about a minute or two. Then, dump out the water and fill the your Thermos with you favorite hot beverage.---The compact and portable Thermos makes it easy to take along wherever you go. Its impressive heat-retention capability and its generous 26-ounce capacity should keep you with a ready supply of your favorite hot beverage all day. I don't think you can go wrong with this one.
When I bought this bottle I had pretty high expectations because of previously owning a similar one, and having been issued a much larger one of the same type from the Army. The Nissan Briefcase Bottle met my expectations completely. It will keep coffee hot for 48 hours if you need it to and are leaving it full for that time. The time degrades from that to about 8 hours if you are gradually drinking the contents. If you fill the bottle with hot water, let it sit for a few minutes to heat up the inside of the bottle, and then fill it with your coffee, it will stay hot for as long as you leave it full and unopened. Sounds silly, but try it.  I don't know why it makes such a big difference whether it is completely full or not, but it does.  If you fill it completely, you can get 48 hours out of it.  Fill it halfway, and you'll get a few hours.Most days, I actually want to drink some of my coffee before the day has passed and the thermos works well for that too. I make a pot (10 cups will fit) in the morning, rinse the bottle out with very hot water, and I drink my coffee throughout the day. It is very hot for most of the day, into the evening. If a cup or two remain at the end of the day, they will not stay hot into the next morning. It only works for more then a day, if you leave it completely full, and don't open it until you want to drink it.The bottle is well made. I've had it for a few years now and use it every day. I even use it on weekends so I can turn my coffee pot off. It keeps the coffee fresher and just as hot as leaving it on the heating burner.I only recommend this thermos (or any stainless steel bottle) for black coffee, tea, or hot water. In my opinion, you should add your cream and sugar or whatever afterwords, straight into the cup. Vacuum bottles, like this one, are not dishwasher safe and because the opening is pretty small, it is difficult to clean it well.  Some people have ways to get a cleaner into it, to scrub it out, but for me, it is easiest just to stick to black coffee, which is easy to rinse out.Summary. Keeps fluids hot for up to 8 hours of normal use. Up to 48 hours of full quantity storage. Very durable, drip-proof, and well made. Not dishwasher safe, and should not be used with soup, cream, milk, or sugar.Conclusion. Is day old coffee still "day old" if it is piping hot?I highly recommend this mug.  They also make it in a variety of different sizes, depending on your needs.
I LOVE this zester.  This is the third one I have tried, and by far the best.  I zest lemons and oranges for recipes, and have used this one a few times per month for the past 5 months.  It's a snap to clean up, and it makes zesting unbelievably quick and easy.  The handle is easy to hold, and the space on the under side of the zester collects everything you're pulling off the spice/fruit.  My only "complaint" is that I didn't buy this sooner!
Lost the one I had so needed to get a new one and like the old one this is a gem. I use it almost every day for grating cheese, or zesting citrus, or for hard chocolate for pies, cakes, ice cream.  And I eat a lot of fresh ginger and this makes grating ginger a breeze.
This item can't be beat for zesting a lemon or grating parmesano reggiano or other hard cheeses.  No more scraped knuckles!  I love this item!
We have been using this for over a year and are thrilled. After complaining to a friend about my old lemon zester and nutmeg grater she recommended this and I'm glad she did because the MICROPLANE CLASSIC ZESTER is fantastic.We use this for zesting citrus fruits: lemon, lime, and orange. We use it for shaving parmesan and romano cheese for our pasta dishes. We use it to grate nutmeg.This is very sharp which means it is fast to use. The long blade makes it easy to use compared to going back and forth on shorter graters. The handle is easy to hold and it does not slip.This is easy to clean, just don't rub in the wrong direction. Go in one direction "with the blade" not against it, with a soapy sponge repeatedly while water runs over it.Can't recommend this highly enough for the home cook and baker.I wound up purchasing a larger sized MICROPLANE for chocolate shaving, they sell multiple sizes.
Like any tool that is super sharp, it is essential to get rid of distractions unless you want to grate your knuckles or lose a fingertip or two.What I absolutely love about this tool is that it is sharp, sharp, sharp and can produce a fine shred. I use this most often on hard cheese such as Parmesan or Cheddar and for zesting lemons, limes, and oranges. It does a great job of getting at the surface essence without breaking through to the bottom white stuff of the peel. It also does a marvelous job on grating chocolate.While this cleans up nicely, be careful. You can grate your hands. I soak mine in warm soapy water and use a brush to remove debris. I usually air dry this since it can snag a terry cloth.I've been using this for a few months and it has remained razor sharp. It really takes the drudgery out of food prep.
I saw this product demonstrated at a kitchen gadgets presentation and purchased immediately, thinking of the small cumbersome rakelike tool I had in my kitchen drawer that was supposed to make zesting a lemon child's play (but, never did).  Tried it when I got home and was so amazed at the ease in which the Microplane shredded the lemon peel to the finest zest, magically stopping at the white membrane.  In seconds, I had just enough zest to top my fish fillet!  No sweat and no awkward manuevering of the lemon orb or the bulky square grater or raking tool to reach just the right spot. Absolutely no threat to vulnerable fingers.  Equally fantastic was the grating of a chocolate bar to make a simple ganache.  Within minutes I had just enough finely grated chocolate to serve my purpose.  Again, no shifting of the bar or the tool.The Microplane is simple to use--it looks like a file and behaves like one.  There are curled edges on top that enfold and accumulate the zest as soon as the plane is swept across the surface of the lemon.  A hearty rap and tilting action releases the gross.  Wonderfully easy with no mess---there is no misdirection of the gratings as the plane stores until the accumulation is needed!Cleaning is also a snap; the Microplane can be washed with a normal brush and dish soap or placed in the dishwasher although I would advise a removal of the material caught within the grating edges with a quick flow of the tap.Highly recommended---this is one kitchen gadget I will definitely not bury in my kitchen drawer.  I like it so much I am contemplating purchasing the larger Microplane grater to accomplish jobs that require a less fine produce.  Do buy it, you will not be sorry!
One of my most dreaded and boring kitchen tasks was extracting the zest from lemons for our family's favorite lemon pound cake.  Where is the creativity in such a dull, time consuming task?Now, thanks to this terrific zester/grater that chore is accomplished quickly and neatly.  Obviously, its a whiz on other citrus fruits, but also give it a try on hard cheeses such as Parmesan and romano.This is one indispensable kitchen tool!
This Grater/Zester is to easy to use, as a matter of fact, too easy, and perfect, it just grates the peal not the white!What I do notice is, I have to use the whole orange skin, lemon, or lime, as it grates so fine, there is less taste..I know this sounds strange!Before I was useing a potatoe peeler and of course getting big pieces, and it was a pain in the neck to use, but more taste.This is very easy to clean, as long as you dont go aganist the grain of the Grater, or you would grate off your sponge, and no need to clean it that way.Be sure to keep the plastic cover it comes in ,so you can slide the grader back in there, or off go your knuckles when looking for it in the drawer, besides scratches everything in there.I don't think this would be a good cheese grater. Your cheese would be way to fine, just fluff, but truthfully I have never tryed.I gave this 5 stars, as what grater/Zester can to a better and easier job?Btw I do have a cheaper Zester I bought as I thought I would get those longer pieces to decorate with, but that isn't as easy to use,and I didn't find that I get the longer pieces with that one, but it is cheaper.So there are two choice, cheaper but harder to use, or easier and cost abit more!I would choose the Microplane, as this is also not expensive, and certainly EASY to use..
Love this!  I haven't used it for anything other than grating parmesan cheese, but it works so well and is so easy to use. I've tried all the fancy graters and the box graters and this simple tool just works better than all of them.  It also works well enough for softer cheese.  I love how fine the cheese turns out.  It's a wonderful product I'll use often. It is very sharp (I've had one accidental finger nail grate so far, my own fault of course) so do be careful when using.
I never thought I'd ever use something like this. It just seemed, well, too fussy!  However after watching Rachael Ray use one over and over on her show, I thought I'd give it a try. The price was definitely right!  I must say, I don't know how I ever got along without it.  It's perfect for grating chocolate and hard cheeses, and absolutely essential for zesting lemons and limes (what a difference fresh zest makes in a recipe!) without getting ANY of the bitter pith.  I'm getting one for my mom and my best friend...I just love this kitchen tool!  Don't think you have to be a gourmet to have use for this. Even the casual cook will find it indispensable!
I like to bake, and lemon rind is a common ingredient in cakes, as is orange rind. I had a series of small graters that would barely do the job. Everyone had recommended the microplane to me. Finally, I bought this one. Wow, is all I can say. In a few light strokes, you can have lemon or orange zest and remove most of the colored part of the rind in short order. The only issue is that the oily rind will gather under the grater blade on the back side, so you might want to have a silicone brush handy to remove the zest from the blade. I like this set ofpastry brushesbut even a small spoon will work.Of course, this does parmesan or other hard cheeses, and it's very fast to grate up some cheese to season a soup or even grate on a plate of pasta. This is one of those simple tools that really does the job. It is very sharp, so you'd want to supervise young chefs when using it; the micro-blades are razor sharp.
Really nice grater. Sharp, durable, and has a nice sheath for storage. So far I've only used it on cheese but will plan on using it for zesting in the future.
I can't believe how long it took me until I finally got one of these! Being an avid Food Network watcher and seeing this used on some of my favorite cooking shows such as Everyday Italian and 30 Minute meals I was hooked.Grated Parmesano Reggiano comes out in lihgt, fluffy pale curls. THey are heaven on you tongue and your taste buds.Grating potatoes, cheeses, nutmeg, bread for homemade bread crumbs, citrus zest and just about anything else that can be pulverized is a pleasure and not a chore with this tool.Now I look forward to the cooking steps such as grating and prepping with pleasure, because I get to use the Microplane zester and not a chore.
Having the right tool for the job makes all the difference!  I was blown away by how easy it was to prepare a tablespoon of lemon zest (for a lemon meringue pie), when I used this MICROPLANE 40020 CLASSIC ZESTER/GRATER.The lemon passes lightly and effortlessly over the "grater", and the microplane takes an incredibly thin layer of lemon peel.  The tool takes only the zest, and leaves the bitter white part of the citrus rind untouched.  It took me less than two minutes to go over a large lemon.  The zest itself came out in fine shreds that combined invisibly with my cooked-from-scratch pie filling.The five-star ratings on this particular tool do not lie!  I'll never use anything else for preparing citrus zest or for doing really fine grating of things like hard cheese.  This tool is dishwasher safe, and it comes with a protective hard plastic cover that slips on over the grater portion to keep the tool sharp when it's stored in a drawer.
This great little tool migrated to the kitchen from theworkshop. It was originally a rasp to be used in carvingand forming wood. Beautifully sharp little blades cutquickly and left a fairly smooth finish. It was onlywhen men started stealing these from their wives'woodworking shops that it became thought of as a kitchentool.It makes an extremely fine zest for when you don't needthe visual effect of the ribbons from a standard zester.It will also quickly make parmesan dust to whisk into asauce or melt quickly on hot pasta. You can also use itto reduce a clove of garlic or a carrot to puree. Think ofit as a convenient hand-held food processor.However. (you knew there had to be a 'however', didn't you?)Because this was a woodworker's tool, the cutting teethweren't designed to be cleaned easily. Cabinet makers don'tworry if the black walnut dust gets into the pine. So eitherbe extremely scrupulous about getting the garlic out beforeyou use the microplane for a milder food or buy two and simplyput them in the dishwasher.Also, be extremely careful about microplaning your own flesh.This thing cuts quickly and it's very easy to go a bit too far.Fingertip blood does nothing for your aioli. It's best  to hangthis tool on a rack and keep it out of the drawer. I have onethat's used once a week, stored vertically and it still cutslike new after almost three years.--Lynn Hoffman, author of New Short Course in Wine,The  andbang BANG: A Novel ISBN 9781601640005
A great tool is something that simplifies even the most mundane of tasks.  This tool is just a beautiful concept. I love it when something works well!I use it for parmesean and it makes the cheese so light that it looks like angel fluff.  It's the only way I know to zest fruits -- when you're done, just dump the zest into the recipe.  There's no need for additional chopping.  I've also used this for chocolate and nutmeg. I toss mine into the dishwasher for easy clean up.
I bought another breand name for $4.00 less. It worked OK but not great. I ordered this Microplane and I am not sorry. The ease of zesting is noticable.
This is the best zester ever!  Now I use the zest on anything that requires lemon or orange juice in the recipe. I recently made orange scones that are super orangey thanks to this zester!  It's money well-spent!
I use the microplane grater/zester every day, in many ways. Besides the obvious choice of grating cheese on Italian food- I bake my veggies in the oven with a little olive oil, salt and pepper in a 400 degree oven for 20 mins. Using the microplane I grate some parmaegianno on top- yum, yum, yum- and low fat. Zest lemons, oranges and limes- easily said and easily done. Do not zest or grate your knuckles which in some cases can be easy to do-bend your hand so that your knuckles do not display. Safety at all times. The microplane is very affordable, easy to use and you will ask yourself- why didn't I buy one before this? Helpful hint- a wonderful stocking stuffer!
I bought this for zesting lemons, grating ginger, or any other small item that needs to be grated.  I keep ginger in the freezer and whenever I need some, I just grate it right from the freezer.  Zesting citrus fruits on this tool is certainly more efficient and safer than trying to do it on a box grater or finely chopping by hand.  I have had it for a couple of years and use it quite often and it is still very sharp.
I recently had the pleasure of introducing a friend to the Microplane line when she bought this grater on my recommendation. I didn't have this particular model, so my punishment is that I now have to buy one for myself.The Microplane people really nailed the ergonomics this time: the handle is really comfortable, and the unusual curvature of the sides makes it extremely rigid, allowing for more force to be applied when needed.My friend was delighted with its effortless Parmesan-grating power, stunned by its zesting capabilities, and was simply awed when I handed her an old nutmeg to try. So one more cook joins the 21st Century.The serrations on this model continue around the sides, which is useful for unusual grating jobs. My only caveat is that it is therefore easy to quickly dig a deep trough in a block of cheese if you're not careful.The NY Times rightly rates the Microplane one of the top three kitchen innovations of the last ten years (along with the Oxo Good Grips line and the Exopat silicone baking mats). Think of any positive adjective that could possibly be applied to a grater: it applies to this one. There is simply nothing left to be said.
This is a gem of a product--designed to do one thing simply and easily. If you've ever labored trying to generate enough zest for a recipe (key lime pie, for example), then you can appreciate what a difference a product like this makes. Zest comes off in piles, nice and neat, with no bitter pith to contend with. It's a superb tool, and one that NO serious cook should be without!
I bought this grater/zester for two reasons.  Firstly, I forgot where I put my other grater and feared I'd accidentally gifted it to someone after a dinner party.  Secondly, I absolutely needed to drop some finely grated Parmesan onto a plate of spaghetti with a particularly tasty meat sauce.  It seems I'd found myself in an unannounced and unspoken meat sauce competition.  This little gizmo helped me raise the bar.  I'm still waiting to see who out does me and how.Yes, it works for other stuff like lemon/orange/whatever zest too.  It cleans up fairly easily.  It's a good kitchen tool over all.
It's a good size, it grates perfectly, it's easy to store and the large plastic handle is sturdy and easy to grip.  I can't think of anything negative about it and I use it all the time.Great product!
I love this thing! It does it all. Chops meat, makes pesto and purees soup in a flash. In retrospect, I may have done better to get the 14 cup since I cook so much, but the 7 cup still works well size-wise. What a deal at $99! Cuisinart is the king of food processors! I love mine and use it a lot. They need to update the "how-to" video VHS to a DVD, though. I have no complaints. It sits on my counter waiting my beck and call. It is a great help for those who cook lots and lots. Quality and a bargain price--who could argue with that?
Purchased the other 7-cup Cuisinart food processor several years ago and use almost daily...absolutely one of the top kitchen appliances to own! So, why buy another? First, we're pretty tough on these and managed to knick the blades to the point we needed a new set for the older version...the prices of blades is such that it makes more sense to just buy another unit when it's on sale.So, the new unit is also 7 cups but there are some notable changes. First, we had expected the blades to be intercheangeable but there are differences including the mount of the stem itself; on the older models, the stem and blade are one unit whereas on the new ones, they come apart. The next big change is the feeding tube; the older model has a small feeding tube while the new model has a double sized option with a built-in safety feature that will not turn the unit on until you have pressed the feeding tube down. It's not terribly inconvenient so assuming it holds up over time, should not present an issue.Great price and one of the most valuable small appliances every kitchen should own!
The 7-cup food processor is just the right size for almost any mixing, grating or chopping job in the kitchen. If I had a larger food processor I would probably be reluctant to pull it out for small jobs, but this model is just right for small or medium size tasks. The wide feed tube allows you to put larger objects into the processor, such as a whole zucchini or a large wedge of cheese. The motor is quiet but powerful.Attaching the bowl to the base and the lid to the bowl is quick with just a snap of the wrist. All of the parts (except the motor base of course), go into the dishwasher and are in almost constant use in my kitchen.Unlike many other kitchen gadgets, the Cuisinart Food Processor will get frequent use, so much so that you might just consider leaving it out on your kitchen counter all the time. I use mine to make pesto, grate cheese, cream soups, chop onions, mix pizza dough, and countless other chores. I have owned other generic brands of food processors in the past, but the quality and lifespan couldn't compare to the Cuisinart.
It was really lucky that our old processor went on the fritz at the same time Amazon was offering this as a special for $99! From doing some other shopping around, we expected to spend around $200. From the time it arrived, the processor has been used at least once daily. The use and care booklet provided more than enough info to get great results from the get go. The video got tossed, so cannot comment on its value. We highly recommend this, especially at the $99 price.
I love this food processor. It is very basic, but gets the job done. I have owned it for two years and it is a work horse. I recently sold a house and before I could get all my stuff out the buyer gave the lockbox code to someone they shouldn't have and about 80% of my belongings were stolen; that included several pieces for my food processor. I looked into buying replacement parts, but just the dough blade and the large pusher assembly was going to cost more than $50. I figured if I was going to spend that much on replacement parts, I may as well buy a new one for $100.
I read many of the reviews for the seemingly endless water kettles offered here on Amazon.  This one seemed like one of the best for a reasonable price.  My review is number 500 so maybe I win a prize?We have had it now for about two months and it is performing flawlessly with absolutely no problems.  We use it to heat tea and sometimes instant hot chocolate during the day 4-5 times.It is fairly quick and its easy to see the water level.  Recommend highly
I knew that electric "tea" kettles existed but until I bought the Braun WK200W from Amazon on impulse (at a "Gold Box" price and after reading many reviews of it on Amazon and elsewhere on the web) I had no idea how convenient such a device could be. With this baby, I can boil water fast and pour it into a pre-heated pot on the stove for boiling pasta. I can make a cup of press-pot or cone-filtered coffee in much less time than it takes when boiling water on the stove. I can have a late night cup of herb tea or Postum just like that instead of waiting for the stove top kettle to finally boil. Instant oatmeal for breakfast, bing, bang, boom. I love it. And it frees up space on the stove top where the kettle used to be. I needn't say more as there are enough positive reviews. How did I live without one of these for so long?Update on March 25, 2009: I've used this almost daily since getting it, usually twice a day, sometimes more. The only times I haven't used it were when I was out of town. It continues to work perfectly and is so convenient. It's become one of my favorite gadgets.Update on July 13, 2009: I've owned this for over a year now and it continues to work as good as new. Postum has been discontinued by it's manufacturer so I no longer heat water for that, but if I want to heat water quick for cooking - hard boiled eggs, rice, pasta, soups, steaming vegies, etc. - the kettle is so convenient. I mainly use it for making coffee twice a day; add as much water to the kettle as I'll need, start the kettle, grind some fresh coffee beans, prepare the ground coffee in a filter and cone as the water heats up in the kettle, pour, and enjoy. I love this thing.
This kettle is such a terrific product. It works as promised, boiling a full kettle of water in minutes. I use it for tea every morning and often use it to heat water for cooking pasta and vegetables as this kettle heats the water faster and more efficiently than the stove top or microwave.It is easy to use, comfortable to carry, and takes up little counter space.Having family in England, where electric kettles are commonplace, I have always wanted the convenience of one. This Braun is very affordable (in comparison to other kettles with the same features).I highly recommend it. You will find more and more uses for it every day.AS AN ADDED NOTE: 8 years later and my original purchase still works perfectly!
We absolutely love this kettle.  It is so easy to use, heats up fast, yet doesn't feel hot on the handle.  I think it's the best out there.  Highly recommend.
We bought this electric water kettle to replace our old, slightly crusty, stove-heated tea kettle. The electric kettle is wonderful. It quickly heats the water and is easy to clean--much easier to clean than our old kettle. It has a simple design and is easily used and refilled. I highly recommend this product.
Ok this is an odd time to write a review - this kettle just died! BUT it lasted for 8 years being used 4-5 times a day (making coffee and tea and boiling water for any cooking I was doing) survived being dropped twice and slogged on reliably. I LOVED this little kettle.Anyway, looking for a replacement online it seems that the newer version costs a jaw dropping $160 - I bought mine originally for $60.I did not have a problem with any plasticky smell, taste or leaks or rust of any kind. It just kept going until the switch in the handle stopped working.
One of my best friends gave my husband and I this Braun Kettle as a wedding gift over four years ago. I had no idea how essential it would become! :-)We use it for tea and our kids use it for ramen noodles for snacks. I also use it when I need boiling or hot water while cooking, it's so quick and easy.We use it many times a day and have never had a problem.It's a sleek design, looks beautiful on the counter top and makes 7 cups of hot water in just minutes.Highly recommended and it's become a daily convenience that I wouldn't want to be without!
I bought this kettle for my wife, who is a tea drinker.  The Braun has so many nice features, it's hard to know where to start.  Others have said it boils very fast - indeed it does.  But it also has no exposed element and the lid swings open wide, making for easy cleaning - you'd be amazed at how many other kettles are difficult to clean.  You can put the kettle on the base any way you want, and swivel it around.  Others I've seen are very particular about positioning.  There is an "on" light on BOTH sides of the kettle, as well as fill windows.This Braun is just so well designed, it's amazing.  My wife loves hers, and recommends it to her tea-drinking friends.  Highly recommended.Edit, December 2007:  After many years, our Braun died.  I disassembled it and discovered that a plastic strap hinge, part of the on-off mechanism, had separated and was beyond repair.  Oh well - off to Amazon for a new one, and I was pleased to see that it was still offered.Except...  The current model has been "value engineered" with somewhat cheaper parts and is assembled in the Czech Republic rather than Germany.  It is pretty much functionally the same, though the power cord on the base is now much shorter than it was originally.  (We just reused the old base!) Operationally, it does not shut off as quickly as my old one did, but that might be a unit-to-unit variation.  We still like it.The caution I would offer is: do not force the power button on the handle, as this can break the mechanism internally beyond repair.
This is a great invention.  I like to have a glass of wine once in a while (strictly medicinal - helps fight high cholesterol, I think) but I don't need to drink the entire bottle at once.  Then it becomes like work.  Wine shouldn't be work!  I want to combat high blood pressure (possibly) without that unnecessary dry mouth/headache thingie the next morning, but I don't want the "old" wine to taste uh, well, old.  This works great for that!  I combat bird flu (maybe) for a glass, pop in the stopper, pump up and down until the thing starts protesting, and then I'm good to relieve gout (sure, why not?) another day.I'm not entirely sure how long the pre-opened wine will last because it's never gotten to that point, however I haven't had any malaria pop up since I got this, so something must be working.
My husband and I have been using this product for at least three years. We find it a necessity since my husband likes red wine and I do not, so we never consume one bottle of red in one sitting. There is no guilt felt when opening a bottle to have one or two glasses. When we want to have just one glass each we also have the freedom to have a different wine. The opened white wine is stored in the refrigerator and that extends the life for a few weeks. It is nice to have a chilled bottle ready for when I want just one glass. We have a large bottle that we use this stopper on, that we store the soured wine in for those bottles of red that went sour due to forgetting to finish the bottle, that we use as homemade wine vinegar.
Looking at the reviews of this an other Vacuvin products, you see reports that are deeply contradictory. It's interesting that there is such a divergence of experience with such a simple product. The ideas behind Vacuvin are pretty simple.First, air is the enemy of an open bottle of wine. Bacteria in the air want to turn alcohol into vinegar. The air itself oxidizes and dulls the taste of all but the most robust wines.Second, you can remove some of the air with a simple pump and thereby slow down the rate at which wine deteriorates.Why then, do we have both no-star and five-star reactions to this product?Maybe the biggest source of disagreement is expectations. Vacuvin slows the deterioration of wine in the bottle, but it doesn't stop it.Another possible reason for all the disagreement might be a question of temperature. The biochemical reactions that kill your wine are temperature sensitive. They proceed faster when the wine is warm and slow down when it's cool. Putting a pumped-out bottle in the refrigerator or wine cooler will slow down the spoilage processes and make Vacuvin more effective.A third issue is the way the wine is handled before the Vacuvin plug goes in. If wine has a lot of air dissolved in it by being poured from decanter to bottle, there's no system that will keep it fresh.For more info on wine storage, check out my book, The New Short Course in Wine.--Lynn Hoffman, author of New Short Course in Wine,The and bang BANG: A Novel from Kunati Books. 9781601640005
I can't finish off a whole bottle of wine at one sitting - and good thing, too, else I'd be a confirmed alcoholic.  Often even my girlfriend and I aren't up to polishing off the whole bottle of wine.But I don't like to dump out perfectly good wine, either - although by the next day, even a refrigerated red is barely suitable for use in a marinara sauce.  The Vacu Vin extends the life of a bottle of wine for me by 24-48 hours, no more.It works this way: put the rubber stopper in the mouth of the bottle, then apply the pump to the stopper.  You can't create a total vacuum, of course, but you can do pretty well.  What makes wine go 'bad' is oxygenation reactions, which depend on the quantity of oxygen available to react with the wine.  Sucking air out of the bottle removes some of that oxygen, leaving less to create off-flavors that spoil your wine.It's not perfect.  Other solutions include 'decanting' (pouring the wine into a smaller vessel, with less air-space at the top) and, as another reviewer's noted, replacing the air in the bottle with a heavier-than-air inert gas.  Frankly both of those are quite a hassle when one's just trying to hold over a california cab till the next evening.  For your 1783 bottle of d'Yquem, though, you'd be well advised to check out an alternative method.I recommend this product heartily!
I have owned this for about 5 years and I think it is about time I wrote a review for it, especially since I have been recently using it, almost, on a daily basis.I am a big fan of minimalism/simplicity when it comes to drinking wine. Though I have accumulated a whole load of accessories, I tend to find most pleasure and function using my simpleGulliver Two Step Waiter's Corkscrew - Burgundy, mySchott Zwiesel Tritan Crystal Glass Stemware Cru Classic Collection Bordeaux, 27.9-Ounce, Set of 6, aWine Enthusiast Vivid Wine Decanterand my Vacu Vin Concerto.The Vacu Vin is among the simplest, fool-proof wine savers available. Place the high-quality, all rubber constructed stopper on the bottle, press down, place the pump on the stopper and keep working the plunger till you hear 2 clicks. The click indicator ensures that you do not overwork and ruin the plastic constructed pump.I have used the pump for about 5 years and sealed 125+ bottles and it still works just as well as the first day I got it. I generally drink my wine within 3-5 days of sealing. The reason I thought of writing a review after all these years is that I drank a bottle of California red  last night that had been sealed and stored about 4 weeks ago. The wine tasted awesome! Same flavor profile with even more rounded tannins. If this was a cabernet created to last the ages, I would not have thought much of it, but it was an inexpensive bottle (~$20 retail) created to  be drunk almost right after bottling.  And the cherry on top was that there was only about 5 ounces remaining in the bottle. In full disclosure, I store all my bottles in my wine refrigerator after sealing.To avoid stoppers from smelling, I would advise to hand-wash and air dry immediately after use. I have never washed the pump - just keep it and spare stoppers in a Ziploc bag.Highly Recommended!Pros:* Works as advertised* Simplicity in Design* Well-constructed* AffordableCons:* Will smell if left unwashed
I was apprehensive on purchasing this at first, but then I had to try it as I was sick of either trying down down a bottle of wine quickly or else putting the cork on backwards (it always swells up at the down end after popping it out). And after trying it I must say it works!You get the "pump" and two corks with this.  You open the wine, then put the new cork in the bottle, take the pump and push it down on the cork and while pushing down pump with your other hand.  This takes all the air out of the bottle and secures the cork.  You know when to stop as it gets harder and harder to pump then you hear a "tick-tick" sound and it's done.....the less wine in the bottle, the more you have to pump as there is more air to get out.  When you go back to drink more wine, you push the lever on the cork and you'll hear a "whoosh" and you then pull the cork off.Note:1) You cannot use the corks without the pump. They will not stay on good and will not work.2) When you get the corks and pump, wash them before using.  Take the corks apart (two pieces each) and wash in hot soapy water.3) Order a set of four extra corks as you'll probably be looking for more soon!
I bought this food grinder so that I could grind my own meat for making meatballs, hamburger, etc. I found it to be very easy to attach to my mixer.  It comes with two different grinding texture possibilities; coarse and fine.I've used the grinder many times and am well satisfied. The only complaint I have is that it can be difficult to clean inside the main body of the machine when you take out the worm screw that feeds the product to the grind head, especially where the grinder attaches to the mixer. Debris tends to collect there. But with a little patience and a long handled wooden spoon with a dishcloth wrapped around it, all can be cleaned. That did not discourage me from giving this grinder 5 stars, though. Most grinders I've ever worked with have been a pain one way or the other to clean.Recommended for Kitchen Aid mixer owners that need a grinder.
I am a pretty serious home cook, so I might get more use out of this device than most, but I love my meat grinder attachment.If you hate reading the labels on ground meat or prepared sausage to determine which brands are the lowest in fat and/or preservatives this product is for you.  I love being able to control the amount of saturated fat that my family eats.  I have used this to make ground salmon and ground shrimp as well as for poultry, beef and pork.My new favorite application for the grinder is to use it to make "whole wheat bigoli".  It is a type of fat Italian pasta.  If you need a recipe go to the foodnetwork website and search for "Bigoli".  I know at least one will come up under Mario's name.  If you learn to love this machine and want to get more into the sausage making realm there is an excellent book "charcuterie" that you might want to check out.  I have also reviewed that book on Amazon if you are interested.The grinder attachment comes apart easily for cleaning.  I normally take it completely apart and put it in a sink with hot soapy water for a few minutes before hand washing it.  The directions tell you to run a slice or two of bread through the device to make it easier to clean but I don't find that necessary.  I have had this device for approximately 15 years and use it on a regular basis.  I have not had anything break, crack or become dull.If you want to improve the health of your family by reducing fat and/or preservatives this is a great product to have in your arsenal.  I highly recommend this attachment for any family that is serious about food and/or their health.  I love my meat grinder.
I bought this attachment at the same time I bought two or three other attachments, and this is the one I use all of the time. I found that grinding meats to be very useful. I have a mother who is 88 and she prefers everything tender and juicy. So unless it is cooked until it is super tender, she doesn't eat it. With the Kitchen Aid FGA that is all solved. For example I buy chicken in large quantities when it is on sale, and grind it up. Adding shredded rye bread, some Italian seasoned bread crumbs , rosemary, and oregano in the mix, and I make a hamburger(chicken)-meat loaf, or meat balls that are tender. Without the food grinder, I would have to buy preground meat.Their are those who find that the best way to buy chicken is whole, that way you can inspect the whole bird. By buying parts, they are able to cut out the unsightlies, and sell the parts. With preground meat that is even more of a concern. With the Food Grinder attachment, you have the option of handling that item whichever way you may choose.Clean up is a snap. It almost falls apart, disassembly is that easy. Cleans up easily with some soap and warm water, or by putting it into the dishwasher. The cutting blades are handwashed. They appear to be high strength steel, and I am concerned about them getting lost in the wash, and degrading the finish. They clean up in only a minute. The rest of it goes into the dishwasher.Even though the FGA is made out of plastic on the outside, the internal components are metal. It is very durable, and works without a snag. No jams, no problems. It attaches easily to the front of your Kitchen Aid stand mixer, and sits very securely. I expect it will last for a very long period of time.
The KitchenAid "FGA Food Grinder Attachment" is a very well made and handy addition for the KitchenAid Stand Mixers. Since we already owned the Stand Mixer, it was an easy choice to get this attachment when we needed a good quality grinder.This is a well designed, quality product. The grinder attachment is easy to attach, easy to use, and easy to clean. It also works exactly as expected and does a great job grinding everything we have put into it.Highly recommended!
I note that there are mixed reviews on this grinder...some good; some bad.  I can only report our experiences and findings.  To be honest, this is one of the handiest gadgets we now have in the kitchen.  We love our KitchenAid Mixer and it is the most often used small appliance in our kitchen.  This grinder attachment has enhanced the mixer's usage range greatly.  We have had this attachment for about three months now and have used it many times.  So far we have had absolutely NO problems with it and it has more than done the job we paid for it to do.If we were into sausage making or something like that in a big time way there is no doubt that we would invest in an appliance specifically meant for that usage.  It should be remembered that this is an "attachment" to a small appliance and I suspect that it was not meant for industrial or professional use. It was made for home kitchens, which is what we have, and is more than up to the job.  I suspect that if you tried to run 20 or 30 pounds of meat through it during one session that it would probably overload the appliance...this is merely speculation on my part.As it stands, we use ours for homemade sandwitches such as ham salad, beef salad, and the like.  It works perfectly for the smaller jobs.We have not had the problem with "iron filings" or "dirty substances" in the end product as some have noted.  I do not know the reason this is happening to some folk...it has not happened to us.This grinder does the job in far, far less time than using the old cast iron grinder we have used for years.  It is much easier to clean and hook-up is a snap.  I do note that it is much more effective if you feed the thing in moderation and not try to "force" more meat into it than is prudent.We are very happy with this product and could not ask for more...next...the pasta maker!Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
Since I DO NOT enjoy store bought ground meat, this addition to my Kitchen Aid is a blessing. It does what it is supposed to do and without much fuss. I can clean my meat as lean as I like and I know the quality I am going to end up with.I have even created my own burger blend by grinding together very lean beef but adding in Bacon and onions for that juicy grilled burger appeal(you wont get that in the grocery store). I have had this attachment for as long as I have owned my KitchenAid...around 8 or more years... and the only issue I have had is the tray is a bit small. I have seen that there is an attachment to fix this but so far it is not that  big of an issue for me .
I use my grinder occasionally.  In general, I might grind up a pork butt or some sirloin or a roast.  This grinder is great for that!I learned quickly to cut my meat up in smallish chunks. It took me maybe 15-20 minutes to really get the hang of it, as I've never done anything like grind meat before.  Once I got a 'feel' for it, it because very quick and easy.I quickly lost that wooden stomper, but the end of my french rolling pin works great for it.  I am pretty sure it is paying for itself - I'm making great tasting lean, wholesome sausage for half the price of the cheap stuff.  Takes hamburgers to a whole never level, and now I can grind meats that are not available in my small town grocery stores.  I wish I'd bought one years ago.
We have owned this attachment for approximately 4 years. It is simple to assemble, easy to clean, and works better than the other brand grinder which became obsolete within 5 years. By obsolete, I mean replacement parts could not be found for it which made it...obsolete. We have many attachments for Kitchen Aid and this is a favorite for grinding any meats. It works especially well for grinding chunks of venison. Common sense will tell you it will never work as quickly as meat grinders found meat markets or slaughter houses, but for the price it is a great investment that lasts for years. The best news is Kitchen Aid will never become obsolete.
Given all the concerns about e-coli and mad cow, we decided last year to start grinding our own beef and lamb. This grinder does the job perfectly. We grind right into the short round Ziplock boxes (about a hamburger's worth), which go into the basement freezer, and then we turn out the frozen "hockey pucks" onto a plate to defrost in the microwave, or right into the pot for bolognese sauce or sloppy joes. ("Honey, would you bring me up a couple of hockey pucks for dinner?)Assembly is easy and cleanup is easy (put a slice of bread through after the meat to make it even easier, or grind up an onion if you're making meatloaf anyway). The knife and both plates store inside the screw cap, so I don't worry about losing them (though KitchenAid sells replacements, as does goodmans-dot-net). The grinder even comes with a handy wrench-thingy to help take it apart if it tightens up.The knife and plates are not stainless (which wouldn't hold an edge), so you do have to dry them off right after washing, but I put everything, including the wooden stomper, right in the dishwasher, and after more than a year nothing has had a problem.[...] - this isn't an industrial tool! You can't set the mixer speed above three or four when grinding (less if the meat is gristly), and you've got to cut up the meat small enough to fit in the feed tube (the instructions say one-inch cubes, but long strips work too). Treat this right and it will return the favor.About the only thing that would make this more perfect is a cylindrical brush to clean out the horizontal and vertical shafts, since the dishwasher spray can't really completely reach both, and the horizontal shaft has a screw thread that tends to catch crud (Right now I'm using a folded sponge, and the abovementioned bread slice).
I probably would never have bought a meat grinder but I got it for free as a gift when I purchased a new KitchenAid Artisan stand mixer (to replace my old "30 something" KitchenAid mixer). I remember when I was a little girl (long long ago) seeing relatives using meat grinders to make hash and sausages but although a great cook those projects just weren't my Mother's "thing". Years ago I remember trying a recipe for grinding your own sirloin in a Cuisinart when they first came out...a joke way too hard to control the consistency and sort of nasty. However, a read the review that talked about "mad cow" etc. and then found some old recipes I had for making various charcuterie items and thought "why not"...I LOVE THIS THING...it's fast, it's fun, it's easy to clean and it grinds perfectly and even if you have to pay for it rather than getting it for free it's definitely worth having. Bon Appetite.
I have been interested in making my own sausage for a while now, which meant I needed a meat grinder.  I was tempted by those big metal hand-cranked grinders just because they look cool, but finally decided on function over form and got this Food Grinder attachment for my KitchenAid, along with theSausage Stuffer.I know that this grinder has been hit-and-miss with a lot of people.  I did some research on how best to use it, and followed the advice of chilling both the meat and the grinder before use.  I cut my meat into small, serviceable chunks and I was ready to go.I am happy to report that I am on the "hit" side of hit-and-miss.  Both the grinder and sausage stuffer worked just fine, and I had a great time making my sausage.  Granted, everything wasn't entirely smooth; it took some practice and experience to get used to just how much meat I could put in the grinder at once, how fast I could run the mixer, and how much pressure I could exert on the plunger to keep the meat grinding steady into the sausage casings.  If I pressed to hard or went to fast, the meat had a tendency to squish up the sides.I did have a slight residue of that famous "food safe grease" on the grinder after I was finished, but it was a tiny amount and didn't get on the meat.  I wonder if chilling the actual grinder before using it helped out with that problem?  Either way it washed off easily.I wouldn't recommend the "KitchenAid Food Grinder" for anyone doing heavy-duty mince-making.  This is not a commercial-grade product, and doing more than a few pounds is going to take a long time.  But for someone like me who just wants to add a new menu item to what can come out of their kitchen, it works just fine.
These heavy duty attachments are ideal for your pasta.From flatening, forming, or stretching this is a must have for your home made pasta.These are heavy duty and made to last.
I read a bunch of the reviews before ordering this, and based on some of the problems, I almost didn't go ahead with the purchase.  I am glad I took the leap, because this was awesome to use!  I didn't experience any of the grease or metal flakes that others did. at. all.I DID follow one person's suggestion to initially clean this with vodka, and maybe that's why I didn't see grease or flakes?  Either way, I was happy with the results of the pasta this made, and the ease of which it helped me make it.  The *only* complaint was that the recipes were way off in timing of the mixing of the pasta dough.  I had to run the dough with the dough hook on 2 for almost 8 minutes to develop the gluten enough to roll out right.Overall, very happy with the shipping speed and packaging as well.  This is a well made product that I am expecting to use for some time to come.
I was very pleased by the quality of construction and sheer weight of these pasta roller attachments.  It's really EASY to make pasta with them...even I could do it!!!  As soon as they were delivered by UPS, I spent the entire afternoon playing with my mixer and the pasta roller attachments.  Who knew making pasta is so much fun???  Anyhow, if you are a person who loves cooking and kitchen gadgets, I highly recommend these.  They are typical Kitchenaid quality; well built and sturdy.  They performed very well and cleanup was a breeze.  The fresh pasta was so delicious!  (Amazing that I can make pasta!!)  I highly recommend this pasta roller set.
I've tried various pasta makers after getting my first few tastes of homemade ravioli...ahhh, the food of the Gods...and this has worked, by far, heads and shoulders above all others.This makes the task brainless...fun enough for the gourmet cook, easy enough that you don't have to have ever cooked before.It is super fun when we have a dinner party when everyone is gathered in the kitchen nibbling on appetizers to start rolling the fresh dough right there in front of the guests. You can even add coloring for holiday side dishes or full meal entertaining without changing the flavor. We did a great orange and black halloween ravioli filled with pumpkin in a wonderful sage butter sauce that was a great hit and we've done red and green pasta for a cold pasta salad served at Christmas and we've done sports team colors during some football games.To the contrary of this being time consuming, you can make lots of fresh pasta ahead of time on weekends and have way faster weeknight meals that taste amazing. Here's a good sauce for example:1 lb pre made pasta with 1/2 cup pasta water reserved after boiling  (I begin cooking this while I'm making the sauce)2 T butter1 T olive oil1 garlic clove, finely chopped8 oz crimini or wild mushrooms, finely chopped1/4 cup white wine1/2 cup heavy creamsalt and peppergrated parm for servingThis will go atop your cooked pasta of your choice:Melt butter with oil in a skille over med high heat. Add garlic and mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until just colored, about 5 min, add wine and simmer til just evaporated.  Stir in cream and simmer gently til just thickened, 1-2 min, Add cooked pasta to hot sauce, toss well to coat and adding reserved water as needed (you may not need it all) Serve immediately with parmesanwe've also added shirmp or chicken to this.so easy so fast...you can also just add olive oil or butter and parmesan or bottled sauce to homemade pasta and still the meal is so very much better than dried store bought pasta, cheaper too, and can be served as a main meal in minutes or side dish.This not only enables me to have some individual fun making dinner, but it's fun for guests to roll some pasta out for dinner (they get a kick out of it if they have never done it before and I make extra dough for them to take home after the dinner party) and it's family fun too.But none of that matters if it's not easy to use, clean, and have it work...and it did, easily.As long as your dough is well floured enough its a easy to clean too...just follow directions and anyone can do it.
I received this for Christmas, but put off reviewing this so I could have an an adequate amount of time to review it fairly.First off, I had been a happy purchaser of whole wheat Barilla pasta which is a decent product and probably healthier than most commercial brands. I probably wouldn't have purchased this attachment for my new mixer. However, I figured I'd give this a try.I found a recipe for whole wheat pasta dough on the net and made it with the new mixer. So far, so good. I eyed the pasta attachment suspiciously, but started having 'fun' with it. It adjusts thicknesses easily and I found myself manipulating the dough to a thin band and made my favorite angel hair pasta. Pasta was made quickly and popped into a pot that had reached a nice rolling boil. I was surprised that the homemade stuff cooked so quickly to a perfect al dente consistency. The tip here is to watch the cooking process otherwise you may overcook it if you gage it by the standards used in cooking the dry packaged pasta.Since then I have made a wide variety of pastas......lasagna noodles, spaghetti, and even ravioli. While this implement does a terrific flat noodle and rolls the dough to perfect consistency, it will not do tube varieties. It is fairly easy to clean as far as kitchen attachments go. I use a little kitchen brush if anything gets trapped, but that was only when I really started. I got the hang of this faster than expected.Would I recommend this to someone?  Yes, it is particularly useful to a home cook with some extra time. Searches on the net have yielded a lot of recipes that use healthier ingredients and interesting combinations that use spinach, sun dried tomatoes, sesame seeds, herbs, etc. not to mention healthier unprocessed flours. I used to purchase pricey specialty noodles at a gourmet grocery for special meals but now I make my own and save. The end result is as good or better than the packaged product.The attachments fit easily onto the standard mixer. The quality appears to be good but I have only used this for 3 months. Given everything stated included my obvious indifference initially, this has really exceeded my expectations and I am finding pasta making fun and an odd creative culinary outlet. The end results have me convinced that we are eating healthier because no preservatives are going into the pasta we eat.
If you're bored some day, buy these attachments and just make some awesome pasta!  This machine is a blast to use - it reminds me of putting playdoh through my fun factory as a kid.  But hey, NOW you can eat what comes out!  I had so much fun making pasta from these attachments that I can't wait to make more.  It makes lasagna noodles, thick and thin fettucine and ravioli noodles.  When you cook them immediately without drying them first, it makes for a much more filling dinner and just so very, very good.  This became a family event - we were all putting the dough through this thing and having a ball dumping the noodles into the hot pan of water.  You absolutely have to get these attachments if you have the mixer - the pasta is so very good and it really is nice to make something so wholesome for your family to eat.  One of the best meals I've ever made by far.  Besides, it's just fun!
I love this attachment!  Easy to use, cleans up well and makes an excellent product.  Before I purchased this, I was intimidated by the thought of making fresh pasta.  Not any more!  I feel like an accomplished chef whenever I use this attachment.  I rarely use store-bought pasta now.
Makes great pasta and is so much easier than old fashioned Atlas crank pasta machines that generally took multiple hands to operate: one to feed, one to crank, one to catch and finally one to hang the pasta on the dryer. With the KitchenAid attachments, I can make pasta singlehandedly. One hand to feed and one hand to catch.I'm not sure I would have gotten this when my children were still young as working together to make the pasta was part of the fun. However, as my children are now grown it's great to be a able to get the job done quickly and easily solo. Maybe I'll save the old Atlas crank pasta machine for my grandchildren's visits when they are older if it turns out they love to "play in the kitchen" also.I noticed several people mentioned having a problem with the dough sticking or breaking...which would seem to indicate either your dough is too wet or too dry. You will need to follow the instructions and maybe do a little more kneading to make sure your ingredients are well mixed. Finally check your number setting, you might want to experiment a little to figure out what is too thin or too thick. Making pasta is a little like pie crust you need to follow the instructions initially and get a feel for how the dough should look and feel...but it's definitely worth the effort.In any case, I'm thrilled with my new toy and nothing tastes as good as really fresh homemade pasta so enjoy!
Little by little, I am learning to make our food from scratch. It's challenging, fun and the results are usually terrific.This is the second Kitchen Aid attachment I've purchased (the first was the ice cream maker which is great also) and we're very happy with it.I have made pasta from scratch without a pasta maker.  Mixed the dough, kneaded the dough, rolled out the dough and cut the dough. That was a big job!  The noodles tasted good but it was very hard work - I don't know how our grannies did it. :-)Making it in your Kitchen Aid mixer is a snap. You mix and knead the pasta dough in your KA, wrap in plastic or cover with a damp towel for 15-20 minutes then roll and cut. If you go to the KA website they have a forum and I found a bunch of great recipe on there and there's a video on YouTube that shows you just how to do it.(search 'pasta Kitchen Aid' and you should find it) Other then the resting time it took less then 10 minutes and the pasta was SO good. Next we're going to try part whole wheat pasta and then fresh basil pasta.I did make a test batch first (one cup flour with water to make a dough) in case there was any flaking/oil as some other reviewers have mentioned. There was one drop of oil but no flaking so it's a good idea just in case. It'll also give you a good idea of how to work everything. It was easy to clean with the included brush.Wonderful and highly recommended!
I received my Kitchenaid as a Christmas present five years ago and haven't had a lick of trouble with it since.  I've made bread, my great-grandmother's pfeffernus recipe and whipped cream with narey a problem.  I got it because the Mixmaster I bought burned out the first time I used it!  Granted, it's a bit of a pain to scrape the bowl, but if you use a flat spatula without a handle, it's great.  And I've never had any trouble adding ingredients to the mixing bowl, it just takes patience.I wouldn't trade my mixer for all the tea in China!
I've had my Kitchen Aid since 1994 and it's still going strong. We had a tradition in our family to give one as a wedding gift (split between siblings) and you can't go wrong. LOVE LOVE LOVE it! I am an avid baker and I use my Classic mixer often -- for making cookie dough, cakes, breads, and also for slicing and shredding vegetables and cheese using the KitchenAid RVSA Slicer/Shredder Attachment for Stand Mixers.I also have the KitchenAid FGA Food Grinder Attachment for Stand Mixers and use it to grind elk meat with bacon for really good burgers (or when I run out of elk burger in the freezer). It's a life saver, esp. in these budget times and high food prices.I recently bought Healthy Bread in Five Minutes a Day: 100 New Recipes Featuring Whole Grains, Fruits, Vegetables, and Gluten-Free Ingredients to make my own bread easily. Once again I used my kitchen Aid to mix the dough ingredients efficiently. These are no-knead recipes so it's just mix and place dough into a storage container to store until ready.I can't imagine my kitchen without one of these mixers. If I could rate it 10 stars, I would!
I have had a my KitchenAid for 12 years now. Still mixes like the first time I used it! I love this machine. My whole family is KitchenAid users and I am glad to say I am too!I run a catering business out of my home and use this mixer regularly at least 6 times a day.
This mixer is the version of KitchenAid that lifts the head away to remove the beaters. The bowl sits on a round stand on the base. (Some larger units have a lift to move the bowl under the beaters.) At 250 watts and 4 1/2 quarts, in white, this is a mixer that fits most people's needs.What this mixer does particularly well is tp prepare bread dough, using a dough hook that slaps the dough around the bowl, stretching it and beating it in an effective kneading motion. But if you are a cookie baker, this makes short work of the creaming stage where butter or other solid fat and sugar must be mixed together. The wire beater makes short work of eggwhites or whipping cream. Just remember to keep the bowl and beater free of any grease or oil when you do the egg whites.In a way, the KitchenAid is a good substitute for a bread machine, doing everything but the unattended kneading, knock-down and loaf baking stages, which are pretty easy. I tend to make bread more in the KitchenAid than in the breadmaker because I prefer the freedom to make a round loaf, a braided loaf, rolls or heavier dough than a machine can handle. And for making cookie dough for Christmas or parties, this is a must. Five stars for this mixer.
I got this model for Christmas seven years ago, and I've never loved a present so much!  This mixer and my Cuisinart (now twenty years old) have made me Queen of the Kitchen.  Just knowing these two culinary icons are standing by makes me positively fearless in approaching any recipe.  Bring it on!No, this mixer won't mix huge quantities of bread dough, but it will take on one or two loaves' worth, cold butter and egg whites, warm cream and turn out perfect results every single time.  What I really love is being able to walk away from it and do something else while it's working its magic.It fits nicely into the corner appliance garage in my kitchen (the Cuisinart takes up the other half), and I leave it plugged in all the time.  All I have to do is slide it out, remove the attachments from the bowl and have at it!Cleanup is easy, easy, easy. Everything just slides off the attachments, even the whisk, which you can't put in the diswasher.  It's basically rinse and go.I'd say this mixer is more than adequate even for dedicated cooks, and if it's not big or powerful enough, then you have the wrong one.  Not the KA's fault.  The power and size are just perfect for the average kitchen.Love it, love it, love it!
I love my tilt-head KitchenAid.  I've had mine for a few years and the longer I have it, the more I like it.First of all, the motor is solid and strong.  I've yet, over the last 5 years, to throw anything in it that the motor couldn't deal with.  (Special note: I do not use it with bread.  I just love working the dough myself, by hand, so I can't speak to making anything more rugged than pizza dough with it.)At first though, I only used the mixer for frothy things, like whipped cream and egg whites.  But that was because my children were younger and at the time baking cookies was a "Family Event" where children practiced cracking eggs and measuring sugar. Which is wonderful.  But now that they are older, it's more about the end product, which is where the Kitchen Aid mixer comes in handy.  The metal bowl is large and easily holds dough for dozens of cookies.  Plus, its shaped to mix ingredients thoroughly without making a mess.  (Although I must admit -clears throat- that it IS possible to fluff flour everywhere if you aren't paying attention.)  But best of all, it cuts down on all that tedious stirring.  A real time saver.I've found clean up is easy.  The white outside gets washed down with a washcloth and everything else can go into the dishwasher.  Or the sink.  The smooth metal is easy to clean by hand too.The only downside I would note is that the machine is heavy.  If you are an elderly person or have some condition which won't allow you to lift heavy objects you should either plan to have a permanent place for this very heavy mixer, or you should stay with hand mixers.I love mine.  White works with everything.Pam T~(you must try Paul Deen's Ginger Snaps!!!  a family favorite)
I remember growing up hearing my mother talk about how badly she wanted a Kitchenaid. No specific mention of the product, but we all knew what she meant: a countertop stand mixer. As I got older I realized that I, too would appreciate a permanent mixing device, complete with attachments for kneading bread and whipping up things. A few years ago, Amazon.com had a deal that couldn't be beat: free shipping and $25 off a $125 purchase or more. I quickly picked out the basic Kitchenaid mixer model, this 4 1/2 quart tilt-head, and waited anxiously for the package to arrive on my doorstep.Let me tell you; if you make bread or cakes, you will appreciate this behemoth of a mixer. Heavy, durable, and capable of taking more attachments to serve other functions, this mixer is ready out of the box to make all sorts of yummy creations for you and yours. After owning this mixer for several years, I figured that it is time to spread the joy to others about how nice this machine is. Also to note: I recently upgraded from this tilt-head model to a bigger (6 qt) life-style Kitchenaid; I will compose a review for that one at a later point in time!What's in the box?Included in the package are 3 heads: a wisk (for aerating things, like egg whites, AKA whipping), a beater, and a bread hook. The latter two are coated with nylon to protect them. Of the wisk, several years later and MANY washings, it has not rusted and still comes clean easily. The two coated heads are also holding up for wear, and there are no cracks or chips in the coating.UseAfter you unpack your mixer and set it up in the desired location, a quick wash of the mixing attachments and the bowl, you will be ready to rock. The machine is simple enough to operate. Twist the bowl into the base to lock it in; it has notches on the sides of the bowl to guide you so that you can properly lock it into place. If you do not take the critical step of locking the bowl down you will end up with it knocking all over the place, potentially destroying your mixer (at worst), or knocking it out of alignment (another cost).Once you have the bowl set in place, add the spring-loaded mixing head to the unit, tilt the base down, lock the top using the switch on the side, and turn it on. With 10 speed settings and a "Mix" (low speed) function as well, there is precious little this baby can't handle.A few of the things I have made with it thus far:Egg NogBreadSpaetzelCakeBrowniesCheesecakeCornbreadAnd much more. Everything detaches easily for quick cleanup, and are even dishwasher safe! With the basic mixing heads that come with the unit, you are ready to make a wide variety of things, not just those I have named above. And the best thing? You can walk away while it is mixing to do something else. Talk about your time savers! In addition, Kitchenaid mixers also have the capability of using specialized attachments so that it can make other things that you would not expect a mixer to be capable of. Some of these attachments are connected (and powered) through the "port" on the front of the mixer (the silver Kitchenaid circle that is held into place by a tension knob). The attachments are sold separately; there is everything from an ice cream maker to a pasta machine, and many other things besides!The only real complaints that I have are these:1) It is difficult to add ingredients, even with the pour shield attachment (an extra purchase, around $19), without raising the mixing head out of the bowl. It can be done, but you may end up with flour all over your counter if you attempt to do so with the mixer turned on.2) Attachments for the front of the unit are EXPENSIVE! For instance, there is a Sausage Maker attachment (which I have contemplated purchasing), but it is well over $50. If you are buying this mixer with the hopes of embellishing it with the multitude of attachments, be aware that they can be pricey. Weighing the benefits of a specialized attachment that will only function in connection with your mixer versus a stand-alone product is a must.3) This machine is HEAVY. Kitchenaid makes all of their mixers with metal gears (rather than plastic that many cheaper models use). As a result, this machine weighs quite a bit. If you have children, make sure that the mixer is far enough back on the counter so that they cannot pull it down and hurt themselves. At the minimum it would break a bone or two, and the worst, it could be very, very bad. As such, I recommend children using this item only under adult supervision.OverallThis machine is definitely a luxury item but one that you will quickly find to be indispensable. Whether you are baking a cake or kneading bread dough, this mixer is a workhorse and will get the job done. The best part is that it frees you up to attend to other things while it sits on the counter taking care of business. With the myriad of attachments that you can get, the list of things that you can make with your Kitchenaid stand mixer is almost limitless. Finally, the machine itself is very easy to use, and while the bowl size is the smallest model, it can still handle quite a bit of product. All-in-all if you are looking for a mixer that can handle making cake batter or mixing up the dough for your homemade pizza, this machine is for you. It is both economical and built to last, and I guarantee that you will find yourself eager to make many yummy meals for you and your loved ones. So go ahead and indulge! I promise that you will not be disappointed!
I work as a chef and we use coffee grinders frequently for grinding spices. Because there is no commercial-use version of a spice grinder (or at least not an affordable one), we are always burning through these standard coffee grinders. I have used many different ones and have seen many of them die after short, abusive lives. Professional kitchens are not kind to equipment of any kind. Things get beat up or neglected. And coffee/spice grinders are usually the most susceptible.However, this Krup grinder is one of the most hearty I have used. As long as the plastic lid/cup doesn't crack (I've only seen that happen once), this thing will last forever. It is durable, grinds spices to fine powder, and is reasonably easy to clean. There may be other coffee grinders out there with bells and whistles, or flashy designs, but if you just need something to grind your coffee (or spices) and isn't going to die in six months, this is it. Strongly recommended.
I purchased this grinder as a replacement for a Salton model. I liked the Salton model because it had an adjustable dial from coarse to fine.  This allows more flexibility, if you use different coffee machines.  For those of you who use a French press, you will have to carefully grind the beans to keep them coarse.  This means go very slow with the on button.  If you use a drip maker, this is not a concern.Otherwise, this grinder is excellent.  I was able to have extremely fine grinds, which tasted great in my drip coffee maker.  I am looking forward to many years of service, and great tasting coffee.
I purchased this to grind my flax in the morning, to add to my oatmeal. I was surprised that it took only two pulses to grind it to a powder! I will also be using this to grind spices like rosemary, bay leaf, caraway and others that will be better powdered in soups and breads. I have a small brush to clean the bowl. Using water would ruin the grinder. I ran out of powdered sugar for a small bit of frosting I needed, and sure enough, this great grinder made powdered out of regular sugar in a flash! The directions talked a lot about coffee, but did not actually say how much material the bowl could hold. I have used 1/4 cup of flax seeds and spices without any problem. This is designed for perfect grinding of almost anything in the kitchen. You won't be disappointed with this Krups quality!
I don't like too fine of a grind since I am using a Yama vacuum coffee siphon.  It seems to gum up together and make a nice soup so that it takes too long for the brewed coffee to filter down into the carafe.  So to make a less fine grind, merely grind it for about 10 to 20 seconds less than you would normally do.  You can hear the sound as you grind getting less and less 'grinding' and just the motor and blades spinning.  You want to stop it when you look down and see some nice coarse grounds but you can still hear the grinding sound.  I know it sounds very non-technical.... but it works.Otherwise, it does very well for a fine grind (useful for those who have metal filters or use cloth filters).  Even though it grinds finely, it's inexpensive and of course, in my opinion:>>>>> There is no better way to enjoy coffee than to grind it directly before brewing!I have done several side by side comparisons with fresh, one day old, two day old, and one week old (stored in mason jar) coffee beans in a french press (for consistency) and the difference is huge.  Day old coffee you lose some of the more powerful and fresh aromatics, but the inherent nature of the coffee is preserved.  Two days you lose a tad bit of the acidity, a little more aromatics, and some of the body.  After one week the actual flavor has changed and it gets a somewhat stale taste.  Aromatics are not only reduced, but changed.So the verdict: grind just before brewing, even if your beans have been sitting in a vacuum bag for weeks.  The inherent flavors, aromas, and texture are all in the core of the bean. The actual roast and surface oils are all you risk changing/losing from un-ground beans.  Store unground beans in a sealed, preferably vacuum sealed, container or zip loc bag.  DO NOT STORE IN FREEZER!!!!!!!!  Just put in a cabinet in the dark.I know it seems like a bit of trouble to do all of this, but if you don't care about the flavor of the coffee, then you probably wouldn't be looking at a grinder anyway...----------Update 10/18:So the grinder ended up with a problem: for some reason it wouldn't turn off unless unplugged.  I checked the little button where the lid pushes down and it was fine.  Moved okay, was not depressed when the lid was off.  So I took the bottom off and loosened the screws on the small circuit board under the plastic piece that forms the little button.  Apparently the piece was just pushing tightly on the little see-saw lever used to hit the board and activate the motor.  So two turns later it wasn't running 100% of the time while plugged in.  Presto!Oh and a funny, comedic note.  I found out the hard way... I had put the beans in before plugging it in, hadn't put the lid on yet either... So I got a coffee bean explosion!  And I had to chase my dog out of the kitchen because he apparently likes Stumptown Guatemalan...  So know I either put the lid on before plugging in or put the beans in after it's plugged in and I make sure the problem doesn't come up again!
This is a powerful little gadget. I use one for coffee and one for grinding seeds, nuts, spices, etc. It has no trouble pulsing dried split peas into flour, or turning nuts into meal.  You have to be careful with anything with a high oil content (nuts and seeds), though, because it will reduce it to a slurry very quickly.
I recently started growing and drying my own stevia (it is very easy as the plant is so hardy).  When I tried to grind my dried stevia in my KitchenAid Coffee Grinder, it blew stevia bits everywhere so I decided to try theKRUPS 203-42 Electric Spice and Coffee Grinder with Stainless Steel blades, Blackbecause the top-cap fits INSIDE the bottom rather than AROUND the bottom.  I used the same stevia grinds that I had gotten from the Kitchenaid and the Krups 203-42 did not blow stevia anywhere; when I pushed down to grind, all the stevia stayed inside.  Upon opening the lid, I was even more pleased to find that the Krups have given me an even finer grind than my KitchenAid.  Also, the Krups 203-42 seems well made as well as stylish.  Thanks Krups!  Thanks Amazon for the great price and delivery!
We've had this for just about 3 years now and it works just as well as it did when we first bought it. To clean I just wipe out with a brush and follow through with a paper towel to get any leftover coffee dust. I've even used it to make small batches of oat flour out of oatmeal for baking. Small enough to tuck away in a cupboard or leave out, works great!
this being my first coffee grinder I've ever bought I'm impressed with the way it grinds coffee beans it does it very well. if you grind the beans very fine some of the coffee will stick to the sides but no big deal to me, wished it would have came with a scrapper or brush to clean the sides but again no big deal. I'm happy with the way it works, looking forward to see how it works grinding up spices. I think it was worth the money and I would buy this grinder again.
There isn't anything particularly special about this grinder...it's just built well, does a great job and has a great price. I use this grinder for flax seeds and it only takes a few seconds to get a very fine grind - in fact, for coffee you may want to be careful you don't get too fine of a grind, depending on what type of brewing you are doing.I'd been using a few other products that are meant to be used for multiple purposes and included a grinding blade, but I had a hard time getting the fine grind I wanted and it was futzy changing around all the parts. I make a protein shake for my boyfriend and I every day after we go to the gym, and I don't want to be putting gritty chunks of flax in it, but I do want to get the fiber and omega 3 in there.It was really worth it to make the minimal investment and give up that small amount of kitchen space for a grinder that really works and only takes a few seconds. I'm planning to get another one for coffee and maybe another one for spices...perhaps it seems a little excessive but it's just such a great little grinder.
I've never had any trouble with the grinder, which is not the case with other brands owned by friends. The oval shape is interesting; apparently has something to do with the way coffee whirls around when ground and is supposed to increase grinding efficiency. Whatever, it works.I had two, one for spices. (we got an extra as a present, so I dedicated the older one to spice grinding.) But I don't recommend it for spices, and wish I could recommend something other than my marble mortar and pestle, but that's what I use. Why? The cover of the Krups grinder gets scarred from the tough stems of cloves, and I noticed even the edge of the plastic cover got nicked and chipped. Question: where did those plastic chips go? So now I pound away on the mortar and use the grinder for coffee.
It's amazing that sorted by Amazon's customer reviews, this is #1 and the next best one is a Breville costing 10 times as much.I originally got this grinder for grinding some other stuff but I appropriated it for use in grinding coffee in an emergency (coffee emergency, ha-ha) and have been using it ever since for that.Pros:1) The price. Look around, it's a great deal.2) Quality. This is a finely made appliance, simple and elegant, and nothing to break!Cons:1) Not made for grinding coffee. But in a way, that's what I like about it. Grinding it to different coarseness requires skill. I feel like an old world craftsman when I do this. You don't have a button to choose, you have to use your experience, your eyes, your ears. It makes the grind much more personal. Hard to explain, but I feel a much greater satisfaction when I do this, almost like I'm doing it by hand. Anyway, it seems much less of a con when I think of it this way. It's true that the grind is somewhat uneven, but I like it that way, it's seems more aesthetically pleasing!So, overall a great general grinder. Simple and elegant.
I've had several of these little grinders in a few different brands.  The Krups has been the best out of the bunch.  I don't use it for coffee as I have a burr grinder for that task.  I use it for whole spices.  I usually pick it up and shake it up and down a bit while grinding.  It does the job with ease!  I like using whole spices because not only do they keep much longer than already ground,  but they also taste much more fresh.Over time (a long time...) the blades will dull and this will have to be replaced,  just as any grinder will.I have given many away as gifts. It makes a great gift.I would not be without a little grinder in my kitchen,  and this is a good one!An Indian friend taught me to run some rice through it to clean it out.  You would not want to run cumin seed through it for example without cleaning it out before grinding cinnamon for cookies.  Rice picks up all the residue left over from last grinding.
I don't drink coffee, but my husband does.  Just a couple cups in the morning.  I bought him a 4 cup Mr Coffee maker, a highly rated brand of coffee, and this grinder.  Don't know if it's the coffee maker, the coffee, or the grinder, but he says it's the best coffee he's ever had.  I haven't heard any complaints about the grinder, and trust me, if he had any, I would have heard them.  He said it's easy to use. So, all is well.
I've only used this for coffee beans so far, so I cant speak to its spice applications, although historically, if it can grind beans, it can grind spices. Anyway, this grinder works great. Obviously, it will grind your coffee fine, but you can exercise some amount of control over the grind by pulse grinding, if you dont want the fine grind.Anyway, it works quickly, efficiently, and relatively quitely. Pretty much all I ask for in a grinder. I will update this if anything changes.
I guess since I am not using this product everyday, it has not blown up yet :). I was laughing as I read the other reviews. I think a product that you use everyday isn't going to last as long as you might expect it to.On the other hand, if you use this product for just spices, it will last quite a while. When making curry, I find it much easier to just spin the spices into powder form. When I used to drink more coffee, yes, this did not last as long. I am onto my second one. It is just so convenient and small and fits in the back of the cupboard nicely.~The Rebecca Review
Pretty good little mill. Does what it supposed to do and does it well. This is the 4th one I have had in the last 20 or so years.
I used to have a manual flaxseed grinder but I accidentally knocked it over last month and broke it. It worked well enough but it was always an effort to grind the flax and a lot of work only produced a little bit of product. Because I couldn't find a duplicate of the one I had, and because I am such a big fan of putting flax in my food for a variety of health benefits I decided to give this one a try.Perfect. It grinds the flax up in no time. In fact, I ended up with more ground flax than I needed so I keep the leftover bits in a container in the refrigerator. (For those not familiar with flaxseed your body really only benefits from the seed being freshly ground up and not eaten whole.)So I've found my perfect flaxseed grinder.Needless to say, this works great on coffee as well, but the test for any grinder is flaxseed because it's so small and hard yet this Krups grinder worked like a charm.Highly highly recommended. And easy to clean to boot.
I have had one of these for well over a year with no problems whatsoever. What it allows you to do is use your own cooking oil and spray it on pans. Works pefectly. Simply remember to let the air out when you are done. We have used it at home, camping, visiting friends.I buy them as thoughtful little gifts. It looks nice, helps us get in spray form the oil we choose, and helps us conserve oil. Really handy, useful gadget, great buy for the money. You can coat pans, coat food, or both and use as little or as much as you'd like. Pumping it is easy. Just remember to let the air out when you are done and should have no problems.
I've had no problem with this sprayer, pumping it till it's pumped completely will give you more than a few seconds worth of spray. I have to push the button down completely for it to spray a spray and not a stream. I have not had any clogs and I don't use it that frequently, so you'd think it would clog up on me if it were going to. In fact, I have to dump the oil and replace now and then, since extra virgin olive oil is not particularly shelf stable. I'd buy it again - in fact, I'm sending it to my sister-in-law as a gift.
This is truly magic. All the non stick pans say do not use Pam or similiar sprays as it will ruin the finish. No one wants to melt alot of butter or pour olive or canloa oil in the pan and have your omlettes float around. Of course the pan doesn't have to be non stick to benefit from Misto. The Misto spray solves this with a fine Mist after a few pumps. Thanks to another reviewer I  untwist the top after each use and only keep it half full. Yes sometimes I have to repump it a few times. Who can't spare a few seconds for the convenience this spray offers. I could never do with out this. Goodbye Pam and aerosole sprays. I'd give this 10 stars if I could. Worth double the price.
Works great!.........turns Olive Oil into a Pam spray can!~Misto Gourmet Olive Oil Sprayer, Brushed Aluminum....looks nice and you just have to pump it between using it from one time to the next!~
This works great, put your favorite oil in, pump and spray.  This doesn't produce as fine of mist as Pam spray, but it still produces a nice even coat.  A little more blotchy than Pam, but I get straight oil, none of the stuff they put in Pam.Don't forget to clear the nozzle when done by holding the spray bottle upside down and spray until the pressure is gone.  This will clean out the intake tube and prevent the dribbling as the 1 star poster mentioned.  Do this in the sink so you don't make a mess.  It is also a good idea to clean this occasionally, run some soapy water through it and then rinse until no soap comes out the nozzle.I am very happy with the Misto oil sprayer, and it works great for bread baking.  This doesn't work great for keep the bread from sticking to the a deep bread pan (use Pam or equivalent for this, works better), but it is great for misting the top of the loaves to prevent them from drying during proofing.  I reach for my Misto almost every time I cook.
This olive oil sprayer is great.  It works on everything we need olive oil for and it distributes the product evenly.  The spray goes on evenly and lightly, which is the most important.  This is perfect when you don't want globs of olive oil.I especially like that I no longer purchase the single cans.  It seems so wasteful. This is a great replacement for the can after can of Pam's Olive Oil.  I didn't even know all of the secrets to keeping the sprayer working properly until I saw the reviews.I have purchased several of these for the cooks in my family and they have all appreciated them.
I bought one of these and absolutely love it. It sprays evenly and doesn't take much to pump it. It saves me money, so I can just refill it with oil I have on hand instead of buying another $4 can. I'm going to buy a second one to put a lighter oil in for baking. I also like that it's a "green" product. I can reuse it for a long time, and don't have to worry about throwing away countless cans a year. BUT it tends to clog and deliver a stream of oil instead of a mist and needs to be cleaned. Just unscrew the sprayer, submerse it in water and pump water through it with the cap just as when you want to pump the sprayer up. This forces water through it and so far, it's done a good job for me. I also found that it helps to unscrew it just enough to release the pressure before storing. using olive oil is another reason to release the air. olive oil does not like air. When olive oil is exposed to heat, light, and air the valuable nutrients in the oil begin to oxidize and it will begin to lose its fruit flavors.
You do have to not overfill the oil in it, but it's clear that you need an airspace over the oil to pressurize it anyhow. Haven't had any problems with it clogging. Have used it for about three years. Had a different model olive oil sprayer before that came apart after four or five years. Remember that the actual functioning bits of these are fairly soft plastics, the metal is decorative.
My son has a soy intolerance, and that crap is in everything, including cooking spray.  I found these handy items and we use them for olive oil to spray our pans with for cooking his food.  The sprayer works great every time and is easy to clean and fill.  No more soy and this is a healthier option anyway.
I bought this sprayer to have olive oil applied evenly to crostini and roasted veggies.  I hate having most of the olive oil end up at the bottom of the pan.  I bought one and I liked it so I bought one more for my mom!  So far I haven't had any problems.  I've had this product for over 2 months now.  I just read L.A. Kane's review and I will do his suggestion to release the pressure before putting it away.  Hope this thing would last a long time!By the way, if there's a Marshall's in your area, check it out. They sell it for $7.99.
I have never had an issue with Brita filters and I have been using the brand for many years now. It makes the water purer and taste better. This is important for me since I often use filtered water for tea, coffee, kombucha, and brewing beer. There are times when it is very important to start with good tasting water and these Brita filters help provide that. After the first few uses you hardly ever get any of the carbon particles in your water, so it is built very tight. It filters the water at a moderately slow rate. It can filter a cup of water in about 30 seconds. I usually use these filters for twice the time that Brita recommends, and I have had no problem. But, if your starting tap water is not as clean, these filters may not last as long as they do for me.
These replacement filters are used in ourBrita 42629 Slim Pitcher. We sent the pitcher to our daughter for use in her dorm-room since the city she is in has awful manciple drinking water. This four pack will filter 160 gallons or will last for 8 months, which will last her the entire school year.It is important to follow the directions and soak the new filter for 15 minutes in cold water and then run two or three full pitchers of water through and discard the water (use for plants perhaps).If you have a Brita Pitcher, you need these filters.Highly Recommended!CFH
I think the four pack is the best pack you can get.  It is a good value, and will last you eight months.  Any more than four and you start to risk loosing the filters before you are ready to use them.  Less than four and you aren't getting a very good dollars per filter value.The filters work great and fit easily into my think Brita pitcher.  Be sure to soak it first for a few minutes.  I also toss the first couple of pitchers full of water because there are a lot of charcoal particles in the water.Other than that, it works great.
It's so easy to buy these online, free shipping, and just wait for them to come to your mailbox. I like easy, I like fast and I like buying 6 at a time. I use these in a couple of Brita water pitchers for us and the dogs so we always have filtered, fresh water in our cups/bowls. It's a snap. The price has gone up since last I purchased these, I guess just about everything has. It's still a good deal and a handy way to purchase. Thanks !!
If you buy brita filters the three pack is the way to go and will in the long run save you quite a bit of money. I had been buying the filters locally for around 9.99 each so it pays to take advantage of the sales on Amazon.
These are the best to have around.  I actually have to remind myself to change the filters, but they work so good!
Not much to review here...but Amazon makes Brita more affordable and easily accessible.  The filters work as they should and they are priced perfectly at Amazon.We use them with a Brita Pitcher, the one that has a digital read out on top....so we know when its time to replace the old one.  We live on the east coast and have WELL water.....which we filter at the kitchen sink first and then into the BRITA.  Much to my surprise the brita system makes the water taste better and it finds other impurities that the main undersink filter left out.
I have been using these for a long time, they make nice clean water.I have tested these to see if they take out the terrible chlorine taste from my water.And it does indeed.  My animals do not like to drink from the tap but they will drink the water that comes from the Brita.  I make quarts daily and use this water for everything,including my coffee and tea. there is a difference.
It looks fragile, but it holds up to my heavy hand. Makes delicious popcorn! Every single kernal pops. Just follow the directions, and be sure to season it like they say before the first use. It wipes out clean.I love the recipes that come with it, and the sample of theater popcorn is awesome. If you make kettle corn or any of the popcorns with sugar, chocolate or sweetners, be sure to fill it up with hot soapy water immediately to the lid and let it soak while you eat. That way you can clean up the sticky goop in a snap. Don't let it harden!
This is the first stovetop popper I've ever owned. It's so easy to use- put a dime-size amount of oil (coconut is best) and 3 popcorn kernels in the bottom, put the stove on medium, and wait until the kernels pop (you don't need to stir it yet). At that point, the oil is hot enough; add in your desired amount of popcorn and begin to whirl! Keep going until you hear about 2-3 seconds between pops, just like you would with microwave popcorn. Add butter, salt, etc. I'd have to say that this makes some of the best popcorn I've ever had, and it's one of the easiest ways to control your ingredients (so many microwave popcorn brands use partially hydrogenated oil...if you prefer microwave popcorn, buy SmartBalance. It's healthier and delicious!). When you are ready to clean the Whirley-Pop, you just take off the lid- simple as that. I always hand wash it.The only negative I see some people having is that the popper is somewhat large. I keep it in a cabinet under one of my counters and it definitely takes up a good amount of space. It doesn't bother me as I have enough storage space, but if you are limited in areas to store things, you may want to consider another option.
I was wary of buying this because of the reviews warning about the plastic gears. But I did buy it because I wanted good popcorn! (And this thing sure makes it!!) I am just careful with it. If the turning mechanism seems "stuck", I reverse the direction I am turning, or jiggle the handle (or pot) a little to get it to move easily again. I do NOT put too much pressure on the crank. I don't try to turn it too fast either, we are just moving popcorn here, not making meringue! ha ha!! I do about one rotation a second. Near the end of popping, there is just too much popcorn and too little room for agitating. So I lift the entire pot and shake it to help any unpopped ones filter down to the bottom. I then turn off the heat and let the residual temperature of the pan, surrounding corn, and stove help pop the potential "old maids" for a few seconds while I set out the bowls. Most kernels do pop that way and I usually only end up with say 10-15 in the entire pot. You can feel when the stirrer doesn't want to move, and I know I could try to force it, but why ruin my popper? Even if there WERE metal gears, something else likely would torque or bend if you push too hard. So I use it as designed, not as a concrete mixer!I am currently using theGreat Northern 4-Ounce Portion Packswhich are super easy. Cut the top, dump it all in, and stir. Medium to a touch higher, but not-high heat. The packets have the oil, the corn, and the flavored salt already measured for me. There may come a time when I want to experiment with mixing my own proportions of corn, oil, salt, possibly sugar, etc., but I am happy with the results I am getting with those packets. In about 5 minutes, I have a kettle full of popcorn for my family to share (or to eat all by myself!! ha ha!!) It is SOOO much crunchier than microwave! And doesn't really involve that much more work or time. The 4 ounce packs fill my popper to the top. I also boughtWabash's Butter Flavored Topping. Now, I am a "real" butter fan for many things, but it just isn't right for popcorn, it sort of deflates it! Without the topping, the popcorn reminds you of the dry sort you often get in those cardboard boxes at a circus or fair, but sometimes I want the decadent movie kind!! I put the topping in  asqueeze bottle like this. I dump a little corn, squirt a drizzled layer of topping, shake maybe a little more popcorn salt (I also bought extraFlavacolto experiment with...sometimes I like it salty, and repeat the layers of corn, topping, salt...sorta like a popcorn lasagne! ha! It is AWESOME!I lift the lid and shake a little to get the popcorn to come out...it is kind of packed in there at the beginning of pouring!I do wash mine. Sometimes we make popcorn a few days in a row and I don't. I don't even bother wiping it out! I just dump any leftover "skins" or kernels, and add a new packet. Usually though I wash the bottom (the top is completely removable) like any other dish. Regular dish soap and hot water. I don't re-season...nothing sticks. For the top, I use the soapy sponge on the flat parts, but there are too many cracks and corners to get into without spending 15 minutes on it (which I don't do.)  I just let my tap water get as hot as possible and just sort of run it over the lid to melt off the splattered oil in those places. I don't submerge the thing, and I usually just let it air dry. If you put it back on your warm stove, it helps dry it more quickly. (However, I don't always do dishes right away...I am more interested in EATING the popcorn that silly dishes! they can wait!) It looks as shiny and new as when I got it (mine did arrive with a light scratch on the outside, it was so minor that I just kept it.)The ONLY thing that I haven't seen mentioned in reviews, is that it is designed for right-handed people. Now of course you can turn it 180 degrees and crank with your left hand, but when you pick it up that way to pour, the lid with no latch is on top! (One side of the lid has a latch to hold it closed, the other side doesn't.) I have tried to unlatch it (and it is HOT) but then the other top-half flops open and the popcorn spills out of both sides. Also, the handle is attached to the LID (not the pot) so there is no way to reverse it. I just stir and pour with my right hand...most lefties know well that we often just have to adapt to a right-handed world! :D The awesome popcorn is worth it.
Do you remember when pop corn didn't come out of a Microwave?  You will love this old fashioned machine, it will give you pop corn in no time, and it will be extremely easy to clean.  It pops pop corn easily, and efficiently.  This machine is easy to clean. The pop corn tastes better than microwave pop corn, and is less expensive.  There is really no need to pay three dollars for three bags of pop corn.  I like to be able to readily name what is in my food before I eat it.  You will love this too!  You can use a lighter oil that is more healthy, and go ahead and heat a little butter for this, and enjoy.
Once you have Whirley Pop popcorn you NEVER go back. I feel so sad when I eat microwave popcorn at friends' houses. Whirley Pop popcorn is much healthier, cheaper, and, most importantly, supremely tastier.I have owned an air popper, a bowl use to microwave popcorn, cooked stove top in a pot, and used Jiffy pop. All of these fall far short of a Whirley Pop.Not only is it tasty, but it is fun. My kids love to turn the handle. It's the perfect start to a movie family night or a snuggle in front of the fire.The pot is easy to maintain. We simply wipe the interior clean with a paper towel after use. The oily residue stays as seasoning for the next time, like a cast iron pot.We have used ours several times a week for years and it is still in perfect condition. It makes enough popcorn for 4 people to completely pig out on.I once had a knock off version and it broke after a few weeks of normal use. The teeth on the wheels wore out.If you didn't know, coconut oil is by far the tastiest oil to cook popcorn with.
I made several batches of great tasting yogurt using this machine and each one turned out fine.  Each batch was made using an envelope of starter though which could get expensive.  I tried making a batch with some yogurt set aside from the previous batch but it didn't turn out, I think I waited too long and the culture died.  The thing is, you have to use up the starter yogurt within five days and I don't really want to eat a quart of yogurt every five days.  Unfortunately I can not buy plain yogurt containing cultures where I live so in order to have some plain yogurt I have to make it myself and use the freeze dried starter.  Anyway, the yogurt machine does exactly what it is supposed to do - I used only dry powdered milk and filtered water (plus culture) and had great results.  And even though the "timer" on top is rather simplistic, I find it very helpful to set it to tell  me when I began the batch.  Also I like that I can put the inner container with its own lid into the 'fridge.
I love my Salton yogurt maker and would love to purchase another one - so I came back to Amazon - I paid $12.99 two months ago.  I know that inflation is high , but $12.99 to $100,000 is ridiculous.  I'll sell mine for only  $50,000 -  is anyone is interested - a real bargain.