These burn out really fast.  I buy them because they're cheap and it's more cost effective to change the bulbs all the time,  but some of them last like 3-4 weeks.
I really liked this until it failed.If it had lasted more than a few weeks, I would have bought a carton of them.
My desk lamp was a bust. Imagine my surprise when shopping Amazon for a new one to find the same IKEA lamp that went bust for me with a lot of reviewers experiencing the same problem I had. I thought I had a bad lamp and waited too long to return it but evidently, the problem with the cord is an IKEA design issue.I loved this lamp -- as long as it worked. It has a weighted base, very flexible neck and nice bright LED light on a small head. But it wasn't too long after using it that the bulb started to dim. Initially, if you toggled the switch, it would brighten back up.But eventually, there was nothing that could be done to find that sweet spot. I tried taking the switch apart to see if it was wired badly but the switch is glued together and couldn't be taken apart.So now I have a lamp that I love in style and functionality, that doesn't work, and I'm having trouble finding a reasonably priced replacement that matches up to the size/style. Bummer. I agree, IKEA should be recalling this since so many are having the same trouble.
I bought this router shortly after it was introduced thinking it was the next best thing since sliced bread. Man was I wrong! For handheld use, it is stiff, cumbersome, and unbalanced. It's worse in a router table, which was the main reason I bought it. I thought the second power switch would be handy for table use, except you have to lock the handle switch in the on position. And in order to do that, I had to tape mine just so the switch would lock into place. The height adjustment is a pain to work with. Overall, this is one of the worse routers I have used. If you want a router for a router table, spend the extra money and step up to a 3 HP router
I was very disappointed with Porter Cable.  The plunge mechanism sticks, the on button is hard to lock on for router table use, the depth gauge is extremely hard to use, and it is not compatible with most after-market accessories.  Mine is sitting on a shelf.  In its place is a DeWalt 621 plunge router.  It is lighter, has a much better depth gauge and is just better all around.  I love my DeWalt 621.  I wish I had bought it first.
I have other Porter Cable products that work well. The quality & design of this edge guide shocked me. It could have easily had more than an additional 2" of travel with a simple design change. Or you could shorten the beam by 2" and have the same usable travel with a design change. The pins that adapt it to the router are .014" under size and the spread between the mounting holes on the router are .025" more on the base than on the pin location on the edge guide. Now when you tighten the screws to fasten the router to the edge guide, they will cant the pins so they are not clamped parallel to the holes. This is shoddy quality control. Even the screws are an obsolete size which hasn't been used much for more than 25 years. The screw size by the way is #12-24. Most think it is a 5mm, but it is not. I make the assumption they got an extremely good price on these obsolete screws. These damned screws if you can find them are over $2 per screw at a place that sells parts for this edge guide online. That doesn't even consider the cost of shipping and handling. My qualifications are: I have worked in the tool and die trade for 46 years. I have been a supervisor for more than 25 of those years. I have been involved with the design and fabrication of many things that have complexity far beyond this simple edge guide.I wouldn't be so irritated if the company had the courtesy to respond to my Email, but I have waited since 1/7/2008 and seen nothing except a automatic reply on 1/7/2008 telling me I would get an answer within a few days. This has never arrived. I rate it as a 1-star only because I have the skills to make it more usable.I have but one way to deal with complacent companies such as this who seem to have a screw you attitude with customers. I will simply never purchase another of their products.The following is the Email I sent to them:Where do I contact someone to talk about problems with quality control and design flaws concerning my Porter Cable Router, Bases and Edge Guide?I was a practicing machinist, toolmaker, shop supervisor and was involved with design engineering in a research facility for over 46 years until I retired a year ago.I would like to talk to someone who is willing to listen seriously with an open mind and correct some problems. I also have a few questions I'd like to ask from someone involved with design.I just spent the last hour making precision measurements and find it hard to believe what I discovered.12/21/2009Since I wrote this review, I have never received a response from this company. I've concluded I have no use for a company that doesn't respond to a customer's legitimate request. I won't be purchasing any of their products in the future.S Schultz
Received it for a Christmas gift and it sat in my shop for a year. Recently I needed it to sand a counter top I was building, so out it came from the tool cabinet. I cut the plastic bands from the box ,hooked up the dust bag ,adjusted the tracking and started sanding. In about 15 minutes the sander began to slow down and sparks were shooting from the brushes. I also was getting an electrical shock from the trigger. I check the Internet for solutions and decided to change the brushes. It destroyed 2 sets of brushes and sparks were still shooting out of the motor. This sander is a piece of crap and I think the dust collection is garbage. The entire motor housing was filled with saw dust when I was sanding. I'm really starting to doubt the quality of porter cable tools. For $200 dollars, I think their quality control should be a lot better. I think I might try a makita next time. Always try a new power tool when you get it before you put it away. Lesson learned.
I have a lot of Porter Cable tools, and I'm one of the company's biggest fans.  I love their routers, their circular saws, their biscuit joiner, and I have them all.  But this is without a doubt the worst value in a tool ever.Here's what's good about the kit:1) The profiles are handy when not attached to the sanderHere are the problems:1) First of all, the profiles never REALLY fit what you're sanding, so there's always a point early-on during the sanding where the aggressive action of the sander wears right through the sandpaper and you start leaving black rubber streaks on your material (the profile is now rubbing the wood directly).2) The machine is not smooth.3) It's noisy.4) The profiles won't stay in the holder.  They fall out.5) PSA paper (uses adhesive).  Not much fun.So... there's my opinion.  I consistently rate this as the worst purchase I ever made as far as tools go.  Save yourself some money and buy the profiles separately.  All by themselves, they're usable.  Attached to the aggressive sander, they last about 3 minutes before you're burning rubber.Sorry, PC... I would have loved to have said something more positive!
This is a very heavy constructed piece of equipment. It feels good in your hand,although it feels twice as heavy as my Bosch,which means that you don't have to apply any pressure to sand as the weight of the machine does a good job of that. The vibration is substantially less than my Bosch,but it gets so hot that you can only use it a few minutes before you have to let it cool down for 20 minutes. I tried to use it longer, thinking that it would reach a peak and I could bear that,but that is not the case ,it just keeps getting hotter and hotter and hotter. It would be good for frying eggs,and making coffee.
These were thrown in the bottom of a much larger box of other items. They were shattered. Completely worthless and not worth my time to mess around with returning them. Pain in the but. Should have just bought them at lowes or HD. Don't but these from amazon. They haven't figured out how to package delicate products yet.
Normally I love Dewalt tools but this thing is worthless. Imagine the light produced by a $2 flashlight you buy at a grocery store, and from an 18 volt lithum battery? I ended up just throwing it in the garbage.
This DeWalt light came with a scroll saw/light/stand package deal at another website.  The light looks great and mounts quickly, but that is where the excitement ends.  The gooseneck is far too weak to support its own heavy head weight given the mounting location on the saw, and how horizontal the light needs to be to reach the work area.We ended up supporting the light halfway down the gooseneck by using two zip ties to secure the gooseneck to the upper saw arm.  We used a piece of foam between the gooseneck and the saw arm to prevent vibration and paint damage.  Taking this weight off helped, but is tacky looking.  Considered mounting it to the saw stand for a more vertical mount, but then it would be in the way of large work pieces.The on/off switch has a nice snap and weight to it, so it feels like it will last.  We are using this saw/light in a room with poor lighting.  The bulb is plenty bright.  The head/bulb gets pretty hot.  In the right position to prevent shadows, your forehead is pretty darn close to the light, but its fine.If you bought your DeWalt scroll saw without a light, and you're looking for a light now, look elsewhere until DeWalt finds a better Chinese supplier.  The current light is not up to snuff for this application.UPDATE: 1/27/2010  HEY DEWALT - LISTEN UP!  I did this review without looking at the other reviews.  Just ran across the review and decided to read the others.  To my astonishment the reviews have not changed in 10 years.  DeWalt, that is just pathetic.  How many more of these lights do you need to sell to get rid of the batch you had made in China 10 years ago?  Enough already, do your customers a favor and throw the whole lot away and find a better light.  Is this why I got the light 'free' in a package deal with the stand (nice stand), so I can't complain because I got it free?  Well, this product number still has your name attached doesn't it?  It is obviously a problem, you know about it, manage the issue.Shoppers - until you hear from someone that DeWalt has replaced this light, steer clear unless you get it 'free'.  If free, then you can do the zip tie thing or figure something else out to make it work ok.
I'm dumbfounded that after all of these years, DeWalt still hasn't corrected the ongoing problem with the flexible neck being too wimpy to hold up the light for very long. I thought, jeez the most recent review looks to be 2011, there should be an improvement by now... lol, nope. I finally removed the thing, got one of those magnetic base work lights with a stiffer goose neck, stuck it to the DeWalt metal stand, problem solved for now. I may try mounting the Dewalt light directly to the stand by drilling two holes, bolt it down and orient the goose neck vertical instead of horizontal... it might possilbly bear the weight of the lamp better and not sag.
Just sent this light back. Didn't even get to the plug it in and turn it on part. The flex neck is so weak it can't even hold the fixture up. Might as well use a table light. Searching for a new fixture now.
I own multiple DeWalt products (Drills, Table Saws, etc.) and have had great experiences with them all....that is until I purchased this light during a recent purchase of their Scroll Saw.  Love the saw, hate the lamp.  The lamp is not very flexible and tends to drop towards your work in progress due to the tables vibration.  Further, unless you are working in pitch black, the provided light bulb doesn't provide ample work light, that is if you can screw it in.  The space allotted to screw in the light bulb is so tight, it is almost impossible to change.  What a let down.  I would offer that is it a pretty effective back scratcher.....
Ok I admit it, I misread the advertisement and thought I was buying a pair (set) of extensions.  For the price, I feel one extension set is a rip-off and DeWalt should consider selling a set at a price somewhere between $32 for 1 set but certainly not $64 for 2 sets (list price is $88 for 2 sets).One set is useless when, for example, sawing crown moldings or similar instances.  Nobody wants to keep switching the extension back and forth.
If you think that you actually need these things then you probably need more skills not more tools. I found them to be awkward to work with (especially when working with several moldings at once) and completely unnecessary.
For every pound of sawdust created, this maybe captures an ounce. What's up with that?My DeWalt 705 still rocks though!
I really like my DeWalt sliding compound miter saw, and got this bag for it when I started using the saw in my garage shop (as opposed to outdoors projects) for dust control. It is only a little bit better than using the saw without it. I would say the dust capture is 20% at best.I found that I am a lot better off for dust capture if I attach my shop vacuum to the port where this bag is supposed to attach and have active suction to pick up the dust. This captures about half or more of the dust. Overall, though, it seems that there is a reason there are dust hood systems with large hoods to capture miter saw dust into a collector: a lot of the dust does not exit through the blade guard, but spews right off the top of the cut.Conclusion: don't bother with this, it's not good value and it gets in the way.
Despite the hefty price tag and prestigious name, this saw won't hold a blade! My first one wouldn't... and neither would the replacement Home Depot gave me. Nothing I did would make a blade stay in. Call to the factory elicited this comment: &quot;Yeah, we get a lot of complaints about that.&quot;  Duh! Tried it one last time and -- the motor went out!  I finallly bought the top-of-the-line Craftsman (made by Bosch) and no such problems -- it's a honey.
I must own about 20 DeWALT tools and this is a frustrating tool.  For the most part I really like DeWALT tools but this one needs to be redesigned.  The blade will not track straight.  The problem seems to be in the blade mounting system.  I have never had a problem with the blade coming loose, however as you screw the cap to tighten the blade you can see the plunger start to turn as you crank down on this thing.  Since you tighten to the right, the blade will end up pointed to the right.  Now I have found that if you back off slightly you can line it up, but that's not the way a jig saw should work.  I think that in this case you would be better served with a Bosch.
This is the second Dewalt model I tried. I cannot recommend it.  The most important feature of a jigsaw in my opinion is to be able to make a square cut while following a line, curved or straight. This saw cannot do either. The plunger that moves the blade up and down has a very large "play" sideways. You can move it with your finger side to side by more than 1/16th of an inch. That kind of movement translates into a larger movement at the cutting area of the blade. So no matter what kind of cut you are making, curved or straight, the blade wants to wander. Once it moves 1/16th away from your line, you apply force on the saw to move it back. That makes it worse. As you make a curve, the blade deflects more and more as you get into the curve, making the cut not square. You end up with a very rough cut even with finest blades. You have to cut proud of your line and waste time sanding. You can do this test at Home Depot or somewhere you can see different models. Take this saw and push the plunger sideways, then take a Bosch and do the same. You will see that Bosch is rock solid, does not move visibly, whereas Dewalt is lose as if they forgot a bolt or two. I bought a barrel grip Bosch and I am happy..
Could not get the blade to track stright.  The saws shaft is lose and will shift while using. I have many other DeWalt tools I have been very happy with, but this saw stinks. I sold mine at a loss and bought a Bosch ***** stars for the Bosch.
Here is my story...after two attempts to purchase this joiner, I went with the PC 557.  Both of the Dewalt models I bought had their fences racked which caused the biscuit slots to be cut on an angle.  Cutting a #20 slot was off about 1/8" from left to right.  Plus, reports of the chute clogging are true.  It was worth $30.00 more to get the PC.
I read the reviews and had it narrowed down to two jointers; DeWalt and Porter Cable. I decided that the price was right on the DeWalt and figured it would do the job. I tested a few joints with it and noticed that the wood was a little off. I figured that it was user error and continued on with my project. Then I decided to check for sqareness off the adjustable fence. The pointer lined up just past the &quot;0&quot; mark and sure enough it was off. No problem, I thought, since it had an adjustment screw, I could not adjust it to where I needed it to go. I had to file the stop block to get it at &quot;90&quot;. This failed to fix the problem with the line up of the wood. I finally measured the cut and found that it was a 32nd higher on the right side of the cut. No matter how I hold the tool to the surface it was off. A visual look at the blade and you can see the blade comes out at an angle. Bottom line, the mechanics of the tool are strong, but the machining of everything else hooked to the motor needs more attention. It is going back tomorrow. A 32nd sounds picky, but it sure racks your project when you put all the biscuits in place. Not a good tool for fine woodworking projects.Update: Fine Woodworking magazine did a review in their September/October 2001 issue and out of 12 jointers, DeWalt had the worst score for biscuits out of parallel.  Exact quote was, &quot;although I can live with 0.017 in. out of parallel, biscuit joints assemble with less fuss when the number is 0.007 in. or lower.&quot;  Lamello Top 20 came in at 0.000 and Makita came in at 0.001. The Porter came in at 0.005.  They liked Lamello, Porter, Makita, and the DeWalt even after what they found.  Being a casual user, I think I will consider the Makita because of the cost savings.
Horrible little drill!!!! No variable speed, no reverse!!!You better be perfect because god forbid you must back a screw out, no reverse. Hard to start screws w/o variable speed. I replaced this drill w/ bosch's 1132vsr rt. angle drill. I am happy with the bosch, it is head and shoulders above the dewalt. I gave the Dewalt to my father in-law.
I bought this because of the deal and dewalt name.  Turns out the item does not operate at a consistent level as far as screw depth.  You may get one or two perfect then a bunch that are not sunk in the dimple.  Bad product.If you buy one of these, try it!  Don't let it set around like I did and get past the return date.  Fairly obvious that whoever had it before me realized it would not work consistantly, and returned it.My bad!  Found out after asking on a DIY forum that the dewalts are know for this inconsistency!
This is one item I would recommend people purchase from a local dealer not Amazon. Like another reviewer mentioned the packaging is terrible. I received mine and the small stationary wooden top of the table was broken into three parts even though the external packaging showed no real damage. This part breaks where it has grooves routed into it across its width, it is so badly supported I would expect it to get broken in shipment more often than not. The movable part of the table top also had some cosmetic damage. Amazon has been helpful but a replacement top arrived damaged as well. I just ended up making my own parts to fix it. The table is actually pretty good and I needed a fold down table given lack of space in my garage.
I've seen some off-shore poor-quality product sold by Delta in the past - I know it's what you need to do to compete in this market, but this out-feed table is the worst.  Besides the enormous amount of time that it takes to install, adjust, re-adjust etc, the quality of the table and laminate is garbage.  The shipping from Amazon left minor damage around the edges.  Laminate peeling, cracked, etc - but parts missing is no excuse.  I knew that my options were to return it or exchange from Amazon, so I decided to call Delta directly who told me it would be several months until the new part was released and on top of all that - I had to pay for it.  When they sent me to the warranty call center, they simply sent me back to the general info number.  I can now see that Delta is no different than any of the off-shore clone woodworking products that are out there.  You are for sure better off building your own in this case.  It's not close to the quality of the machine that it couples up with, in my case an older Unisaw.  Sorry Delta!
Well...After 5 FAILED attempts to get an UNDAMAGED outfeed  table delivered, i'm going for number 6.  I should give up, up this item is handy and i cut a lot of plywood. (i should just give up and build one myself.)It seems that no one can get the largest table part delivered in one piece. All 5 have arrived damaged in one way or another. The last attempt, direct from Delta, was the worst.  The part was shattered in several places, almost beyond recognition.Needless to say, I'm VERY disappointed.
I'm in the market for a new drill press--and thought I'd toss in this mortising attachment for good measure. The product description lists five Delta drill presses that work with the Delta 17-924 mortising attachment. None of those models is currently available for sale through Amazon. The reviews indicate that the product works with other drill presses too, but how is one to know? Looks like Delta needs to do a little updating here. (One star for "nice try.")
This product is almost exactly the same as the Ryobi BE231 it replaced, Externally the primary difference is a carbon pad to reduce frction on the Bosch. The Bosch cost twice as much, and became nonfunctioinal after little use, while the Ryobi model withstood heavy use for years. There was so much friction on the carbon pad, that it heated up painfully. The sander started breaking belts for no apparent reason. The dust collection on the Ryobi was not good, but it was totally nonfunctional on the Bosch.I have been satisfied with the Bosch routers (1613,1617), but their sanders, both belt and ROS, have not worked well for me.
This drill's trigger takes up 3/4 of the handle and when the drill binds up while drilling, your first reaction is to take your finger off the trigger. Too bad you gotta take three fingers off of the trigger on this particular model! This means that your trying to fight the torque with only your pinky and thumb gripping the handle! Great power but not worth a jammed wrist. I'm staying with Milwaukee brand, just not this model.
I may have got a lemon.  This saw burns wood on any type of cut.  Replaced the blade with a Forrest Chopmaster but had same results.  Something is terribly wrong with this saw.
I have a number of other Makita tools, and have always held Makita in pretty high regard.  My 7 1/4" circular saw works great, as does my motorized hand planer, Reciprocating saw, and my plunge router is awsome.  This machine seems more like a toy that a quality piece of machinery. I was surprised to see a little bit of play when the saw was moved into one of the 45 notches. I could pretty easily move it one degrees side to side, unless it was absolutely locked down, and then it was not consistent about being locked down in the same place. When I got the left-hand miter perfect at 45 I could not get the right hand side at 45, and this is a real problem as they share the same fence. I'm not sure if the notch was machined in the wrong spot or what, but it's impossible to cut perfect mitered corners this way.On the positive note, the dust collection work much better than some other saws I've owned, and I like the supplied hold-down clamp. I also own an inexpensive Ryobi 10 inch miter saw, and at $89 it's twice to machine this is. Heavier metal, and locks down positive--perfect miters. I'm going to go buy another after my experience with this.Makita really disappointed me with this one. I'm packing it up today and sending it back. I'm actually really puzzled how this saw got such great reviews, as I am normally in agreement with the majority of people. Maybe I just got lemon?
I looked at this router and bought a Makita.  The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.  I have hade such poor luck with other tools (a Bosch drill) made in Malasyia, that I could not see getting it.  If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
I have a Jet band saw and I too have been dreaming about owning a fence, but aftr reading the reviews her all 36 of them I would not ever consider purchasing this attachment, You would think jet customer service would anser these customer complaints. Evidently they could care  less about us customers,, so MR Jet customer surface person thatk theis and stick it where the sun don't shine.  Yes I was a John deere salesman , partsman, if I treated my customer this way we would have had to lock doors soon.
I recently purchased this saw, and spent the next two weeks in the most frustrating situation I have ever experienced with a power tool.  I brought the saw home, carried all the very heavy components into my basement.  I assembled the legs and attached the saw body and cast-iron extensions.Then, I opened the box for the rails, and found that (1) there was no hardware; (2) no directions; and (3) the tape was fastened on the rail crooked.  I went back to the store where I bought it, and the owner told me that Jet has some problems with hardware.  In fact, it seems that other customers have been returning Jet saws for this very reason.  I had to wait a week for another rail set.  Finally, it came in, and I took the new rail set home.  But this time, I found that the hardware WAS THE WRONG SIZE!!!!  Back to the store again for another rail set.  I get home, and this time, I decided to take a look at the fence, just to check it out, and I find a gaping crack right along one of the solder areas.  Irate, I open the rails again, just to check, and again, NO HARDWARE!!!!!Given this kind of horrible quality control, I cannot be sure that the rest of the saw is made properly.  The guide rails and the fence are two things I can visually inspect. But how about the motor, the trunnions, and the gear assemblies inside?Two smaller problems: (1) Jet only has one set of instructions for three different saws.  This means that you are constantly trying to figure out how your saw is different from the pictures and the directions.  Jet should spend the money to write a separate manuals; (2) Jet advertises that their saws are &quot;made in USA&quot; when in fact they are assembled in Taiwan.This is all very unfortunate, since Jet has a great reputation in with its other tools.  I am very surprised and disappointed in Jet for all of the above reasons.I have no faith that the saw was made correctly.  As a result, I returned it to the store for a refund.Jet had better fix this problem, fast, or they will see their customer base shrink down to zero.
I bought this blade to upgrade the standard blade that came with my 7 1/2" miter saw that I bought to carry around to smaller jobs.  BIG mistake.Don't know why but this blade will not cut anything without kicking back.  It will even take chunks out of 2x pine.  Don't even try it on hardwood or cabinet moulding unless you've got a suit of armor on.It's not the saw alignment.  It's dead on.  And the saw works fine with the original blade and it even works better than this with some of my worn out framing blades from my circular saws.Saw in another review where another user had this same problem with another Freud blade.  This is only the second Freud I've purchased.  I bought one for my 10" Radial Arm Saw thinking it might make it safer to rip with with the anti-kickback feature.  WRONG ! ! !  The kickback I got with this blade dang near destroyed my guards and probably would have killed me if the guards hadn't been up to snuff.I'm beginning to think that the Freud anti-kickback "feature" is nothing but a dangerous sales gimmick.  And I definitely won't be buying any more Freud blades in the near future.  This one's going back to where I got it, too.
I agree with the review that you should stabilize your saw and not your blade, but at some point you are going to want a blade stabilizer. If you do a lot of crosscuts/miters on your table saw it really helps out to give you that "shinny" crosscut. This stabilizer is the worst that could ever have been invented. Who wants to have their blade offset approx 1/4"? There are two stabilizers in the kit and I have yet to see a table saw that you can remove the original flange mounted to the arbor so you don't warp your blade with only one stabilizer. (The stabilizer is larger than most arbor flanges) Freud really should have thought out this design. They make wonderful blades, but this product makes them look like idiots. You have to adjust your fence to compensate. Homemade box cutting jigs are shot. The only nice thing is that they are not as large as other blade stabilizers. I threw this one in the trash and bought the forest 5" blade stabilizer. Does everything I want. I can use it with my dado. Which is a Freud. DO NOT USE ONLY ONE OF THESE. That can cause serious injury or death.
The two outer cutters were fine, but the inner ones, the chippers, were of smaller diameter - by 0.036 inches - not even close to acceptable. I have purchased many Freud products - and have been pleased. Somehow they dropped the ball here.
I have owned this dado set for 8 or 9 years.  It has never cut very well, leaving rough bottoms with a lot of chip out.  It got to the point that I used my router or router table for most dado operations, avoiding the Freud dado set altogether.  I have owned other Freud blades for my table, miter, and skil saw.  These blades have done a good job at a reasonable price, but this dado set has been very disappointing.  I would not buy recommend it.
I've never panned a tool before but after receiving and using this router I have no choice but to put it down. First off I own 26 routers in a commercial woodworking business so I know a lot about routers. I believe I own one of every router available for sale in the United States except for the Bosch plunge models since I don't like the way their plunge lock works. Bosch's 1617 is a great fixed base router by the way. Here is what I find objectionable about the Freud 2000E.1) The tool has a [bad] base plate. It's not flat and it's way too thin.2) Removing the springs for router table use is a hassle. It can be done but it's a lot more of an effort than taking them out of most other plunge routers. Also the screw that controls the router height can't be captured and locked between two nuts as it's enclosed. When spinning a panel raising bit this is a desirable feature as both posts are locked by using this technique. The post that has the plunge lock and the post with the height adjustment screw. The ability to do this is available on both the Hitachi M12V (a great bargain) and the DW625 (smoothest router on the planet)3) The router is not smooth with large bits. I believe due to excessive run out of the arbor. If you can't turn large bits without excessive vibration why buy a router of this size?...I couldn't send it back to Amazon.com since I had removed the shaft lock and ground off the tabs on the bottom of the router that had previously held the shaft lock. Shaft locks incidentally [stink] on plunge routers because with only one wrench when a progressive collet (like the one on the Freud) breaks loose you'll end up banging a plunge post with the wrench and nicking it. Once this happens no more smooth plunges for you. Using two opposing wrenches this never happens.Here's the real deal.For the buck the M12V simply can't be beat if you need variable speed so that you can turn panel raising bits. If you don't the Hitachi TR-12 is the best plunge router deal on planet earth [and is available] here at Amazon.com.  I own four of them and beat them to death every day and they never complain. The DeWalt (Elu) 625 is the best plunge router period with absolutely the smoothest plunging mechanism (critical for mortising) but has an issue with not projecting the router bit high enough in a  router table. I don't like the Bosch plungers since I feel that the router should free float until locked not the reverse which is how Bosch does it. Makita's plunger is way too loud (their new fixed base is quiet so I don't know why their plungers are so loud). This is the opinion of a man who uses routers every single day and I offer it without any ax to grind.
This blade shattered as I was installing it the first time.  I replaced it, at about three times what it's worth, and found that it dulled quickly when cutting wood.
DOES NOT FIT HARBOR FREIGHT  TOOLS
This blade came with the FMM 250Q Multimaster I purchased. It lasted for about 2 months and then crack while I was using it to cut a thin sheet of fiberglass. Prior to that it had been primarily used to cut small pieces of wood. When I went to replace it I ended up with sticker shock. From my perspective, all of Fein's accessories are WAY over priced. More and more I have been able to source these accessory items from third party manufacturers at more than half of Fein's price and have found the quality to be as good, if not better than Fein's. Even Fein distributors have started to complain about their pricing and have "covertly" started carrying and offering non OEM replacement options to their customers. The FMM 250Q is by far the best tool in its category. But from an accessory replacement perspective, its low priced competitors are starting and will continue to errod its market share.
This blade shattered around the hub after two uses.  I liked the design but will not purchase it again.
I expected a lot more from the Fein tool, it would be one of the best tools I own but the blades are junk and expensive.
I should have probably sent it back but thought I could turn it into something useful.  It it is definately not the plane I expected, even for this price which was $30 when I bought it.  This plane is beyond rough - there is a tremendous amount of work to do to get it even usable.  The blade is misshapen, skewed,dull, and the body is rough.  I'll flatten the blade and sharpen it and flatten the sole but for the work it will take, I should have bought a Lee Valley for this one.Sept 07 - I finally got around to working on this plane.  Took a little more than an hour to flatten the back of the blade (can't get it completely flat) and hone the bevel.  I also lapped the sole of the body.  It works slightly better now, but it's a very crude adjustment.  With more work, I could probably improve a little more, but I felt it was more work than it should have been.  Patrick Leach who is arguably the authority on planes really dislikes this model too.  This one works now, but definately nothing to write home about.  Can't say I would ever reach for it other than scraping glue and frankly, I have a #80 cabinet scraper that does a better job at that.  I'd give it away, but there is no sense frustrating someone else.June 2010 - Gave it away, with a disclaimer to the new owner.
This plane is an absolute piece of junk. It came with the blade looking like it had been sharpened on a brick. I spent a half-hour honing it to a clean edge, put it back in the plane, spent ten minutes setting the gap and adjusting the blade (it has no in-out adjustment screw, and the gap can't be adjusted with the blade in the plane), and after four passes over a maple board, the blade had nicks in it. The city of Sheffield should sue Stanley to make them take the city's name off the package. In addition to the difficulty of setting the plane up, the blade is over a 32nd of an inch wider than the body of the plane, so you must either grind or file the blade down to match the width of the plane body, or spend ten minutes resetting the blade every time you change directions.
I now use exclusively 3M sandpaper after receiving a sample at a trade show, you have to use three Mirka sandpaper disc for every one 3M sandpaper disc.  I used to think sandpaper was sandpaper didn't make a bit of difference who manufactured it, I was wrong.
Fine woodworking rated this glue as the poorest woodworking glue by far. Has less than HALF the strength of Titebond 3 glue (the best). I also found that it quickly dries up in the bottle.
Gorilla glue might be very strong but it is not user friendly for woodworking. It has some major drawbacks. It is not water soluble so you cannot wipe the excess with a wet rag (I had to use lacquer thinner). It expands quite a bit which means even if you wipe the excess initially, you are still going to have it coming out of the joint. Don't even think about using it to glue anything without using clamps, as the expansion of the glue will cause the parts to move. The bottle cap is cheap and it broke at the bottle when I tried to pull off the cap (which of course glued itself to the nozzle).I've gone back to conventional woodworking glues and the new ones (tite-bond) are very strong so there is no real advantage to Gorilla glue.
For birthdays and other holidays my Sweetheart, kids and grandkids usually buy me woodworking tools. Even though I usually provide them with a list, occasionally things go bad.This jig is one of them. One of the legs was bent out of the box, took some creative straitening methods to get it to work at all. Finally got it assembled and working, sort of. This thing is too flimsy to be of any serious use. Doesn't have enough mass to use it on large leg sections. I'm afraid the push tab will bend. Adjusting it by eye is not a big deal, but the flimsy lock mechnism does not instill confidence in a repeatable cut. The whole thing flex's when you push the piece thru the saw. After wasting a couple hours and a few pieces of scrap wood, I decided this jig should go back. Unfortutely it was purchased at HD, who wouldn't take it back, since it had been assembled and used. So on my way out the store, I tossed it in their dumpster. I'm going to make my own out of some hardwood and brass fittings. I know I can make something a lot more useful than this. Can't recommend this jig, except as a model of what not to do.
This is garbage!  I should have listened to the reviews on here.. It's cheap.  The build quality is bad, and it's just not big enough for larger pieces of work.  Typical crappy quality that we are seeing more and more of from guess where....I can not recommend this at all.-Nigel
I rate this half-a-star simply because it was a 'set' as advertised.  That is the only thing the manufacturer/distributor got right.  The push block and the stick can be made at home for cents.  The featherboard mounting system is a total failure.  There is no way you can lock the featherboard to the table slot and have it be a reliable, working accessory. I'm amazed this set is still offered for sale.  In my opinion, the loose and unreliable featherboard is quite possiblly an accident waiting to happen.  Not mine.  It is at the landfill.
I knew as soon as got this that the only things that would be useful would be the push stick and block.  Buy it seperately.  Bench Dog makes a great featherboard that is well worth every penny.  It's what I ended up getting and have been using for three months know with absolutely no problems.
I bought this blade as general purpose blade due to great reviews. To my surprise this blade was the biggest disappointment. After I installed it I noticed that a few teeth were hitting my zero clearance insert. Spinning it by hand confirmed that it had a wobble. Anyway, I made some test cuts and the quality of the cuts were average at best. So I got the measuring equipment out and found a run out of .008&#34; . No wonder it cuts rough, should through this thing away. My old Freud 50 teeth combination blade which has seen several thousand feet of hardwood has less than .002&#34; run out.Amazon offered to send another one, but I chose not to go this route because it seems Forrest has a quality control issue. I have a whole collection of saw blades, but never had one with such run out. I don't think it was damaged in shipping, because Forrest packages well and the packaging was pristine.I am going to order a Freud Fusion as replacement. We'll see how that one performs.
I see no benefit whatever.  It does reduce the depth of cut from whatever your saw allows (3"+) to 2.5 inches.  For cutting hardwood with minimal burning, Forrest recommends setting the blade as high as possible. The stiffener limits it to 2.5" cut.
I tried this for serveral applications with work stations and also for my primary purpose when i bought it originally behind my miter saw.  It really is not big enough to be effective in any application...and really thats my fault for buying it thinking 13x16 was a good size...so think about your application before taking the plunge or end up owning it like i do and be looking for a good use...
I've had this model of vacuum for 8 or 9 years, and when I decided to purchase another for my business I ordered it through amazon.It arrived in a box with ZERO protective packing.  Not a bit of foam or cardboard.  Not a single bubble of bubble wrap.Guess what?  It was damaged.  The hose intake plastic flange was shattered.  I'm sure the return policy is great--blah blah blah.  But it's a hassle and I really needed the product when it arrived.So great vacuum, BUT I strongly advise against using Amazon to purchase it.-Steve
I purchased this design over a year ago.  You have to push the hose through the opening and clamp it into place from the inside.  You can fix this with sealant and pipe or like I did with duct tape which will leak.  I recently found another one at Woodcraft that is made much better and has fittings that you clamp the hoses onto.  Brilliant!Save yourself a major headache and disappointment and buy the one from Woodcraft.
I wish I had seen previous reviewer's post about Woodcraft before I bought this one.  After spending an afternoon trying to rig various fittings to this thing I finally decided, no, I'm not going to have another duct tape covered Rube Goldberg eyesore in my shop.  And so now, after paying $9.00 shipping to get it here and $17.00 to send it back, I purchased the Woodcraft product and paid whatever it is they charge for shipping only to discover that the same item is now offered on Amazon with free shipping.  Color me pissed.
I give it a star for price as I purchased on sale at a local Woodcraft store for $16. However, I will be returning it. Woodcraft's website says this fits 2-1/2" shop vac hoses. Wrong. A standard 2-1/2" vacuum hose is too small to fit over the connector and too large to fit inside it. In fact, they are similar diameters. ONly the fact that the cyclone's connectors are a thicker plastic than the vacuum hose, make them somewhat different diameters both inside and out. I do not want to take time to force fit or search out adapters to make the connections work. It is also true the lid fits loosely on 5-gallon buckets and you would also need to rig a way to strengthen the fit so dust did not escape and so the lid did not fall off when hoses are moved or the bucket bumped. A total dud in my opinion.
The material of this hose is slightly thicker than my garbage bags. Such flimsy hose doesn't belong in a wood shop. Period.You either smash it mechanically or wood chips will do that. Again, this should not be sold for dust collection, maybe it works for laundry dryers.
I don't know why I bought this, even after reading the other reviews.  The logic of the quick disconnect to move from machine to machine seemed cost justified.  However, the product will disconnect while in use, and even disconnect if not perfectly flat.Rather than use this product, avoid, avoid, avoid.  Set your dust collection system up with &quot;Y&quot; or &quot;T&quot; fittings to each machine with blast gates to control the air flow.  This hard wired system, even though it cost more, will be much better system to operate and use without hassles.
This does not fit a standard four inch pipe you buy at your hardware store or in fact any store. Only flexable tubing. That can be really pricey getting a decent quality to hold up for an entire shop. I'd recommend getting regular elbows locally if you don't want to use boatload of duck tape
None of this plastic fits anything I have bought in excess of $100 and I'm going to go to metal at least it will fit together.
my dust collection main tubing is 4" with a 5" hose connecting the 4" tube to the 6" dust collector inlet through reducers i reviewed before but i did not want those big diameter hoses connected to my machines so i decided to buy many of these 4" to 2-1/2" reducers so i could use my machines more easily. a must.
The 4 inch end won't fit any of my tools.  It is the same size as the tool dust collector.  I am going to buy a piece of 4" sewer pipe to see if it will work to connect this item to my Dewalt Planer, Jet bandsaw, and delta joiner.
These plugs arrived scattered throughout the box the Kreg jig was shipped in.  Their container had been crushed before it was shipped.  Many of the plugs were split and the ones that were not split were too rough to use.  I put these plugs where they should have been from the beginning; in the landfill.  I like the Kreg jig OK but these plugs were totally unusable.  I went to Home Depot and purchased a box of plugs made by a different manufacturer.  They are in excellent shape and very usable.  I have made many purchases from Amazon over the years with great results almost every time.  This item though was literally garbage.  I suspect the reader has gathered by now that I do not recommend these plugs.
Update - 9/28/2012 - A month ago, Amazon had theBosch RA1181 Benchtop Router Tableas a Gold Box special, so I bought one.  The difference is amazing.  It's like comparing an Easy-Bake oven to a Thermidor.  The Bosch is solid, with absolutely no play.  It has a solid, one piece, extruded aluminum fence, versus the two piece one on the Porter Cable.  The top is bigger,  The power switch has two sockets - one for the router and a second for a shop-vac.  It has a cast aluminum router plate that's adjustable so it's level with the table surface.  Putting it politely, it blows this out of the water in every single dimension.  And since they're roughly the same price, I see absolutely no reason to purchase this instead of the Bosch..  Here's my original review:*******************************************************************Although usable for some things, this router table has too many flaws to be useful for precision work.- Fence:  The two sections are difficult to position accurately.  Tightening the knob that holds each side to the table tends to move the fence slightly.  Because they are independent, it's a pain to line them up straight, tighten them down and get the cutting depth set correctly.  If the fence halves are not aligned with each other, the out-feed side is (by definition) either in front of, or behind the in-feed side.  If it's in front, the work catches.  If it's behind, the router bit carves a bit deeper as the work leaves the in-feed fence and creates a divot in your work.- Table: A bit of roughness in the casting surface was easily fixed with some sandpaper, but shouldn't have been there in the first place.- Router mounting:  The router base is screwed securely to the table, not to a separate plate.  The holes are obviously spaced for a Porter-Cable router...I use an old PC 690 router.  There are a number of different inside diameter metal rings (like overgrown washers) that fit into the circular hole in the table...you pick the ring that best fits the bit that you're using.  The top of the rings, though, is slightly below the surface of the table without any way to adjust them.  That's not much of a problem with a long board, but try cutting an accurate tendon when the height of the table changes around the cutter.- Legs: There's no appreciable front to back wobble, but the legs have little rigidity side-to-side.  Feeding a board through the router shouldn't also move the table sideways by 1/2 inch.  (Each side is bolted to the table top through two posts that project slightly below the strengthening ridges on the bottom of the table top.  That provides them an excellent axis for the legs to wiggle.)  Drilling a couple of holes and bolting some bar stock (a piece of wood would work just as well) between the bottom of the two legs helped stabilize it.  This obviously isn't a problem if you clamp the entire thing down as the manual recommends, but poor design is still poor design...you'll notice that competing router tables all have something that connects the right-side legs with the left-side legs.In summary...I'm an occasional woodworker and I don't use this router table very often, but every time I do, I wish I'd bought something else.  There are better ones available in the same price range.
This plate is a "deluxe" piece Junk!The 1/32"+ "crown" that the brilliant "engineers" decided to manufacture into this plate make's any raised panel, edge, or joint forming work infuriating, and impossible to achieve accurately. It also looks very "cheap", the top surface is very slippery, and it scratches easily. What initially "caught my eye" and made this plate appealing were the "2in1" plastic insert rings, they looked like a nice feature. They fit extremely tight though, and removal without a hammer or pry bar was not really possible unless you modified them. Needless to say, I returned it. I purchased a very nice machined 1/4" aluminum plate from Rockler instead that it IS flat, and has an very nice anodized coating. It works excellent! I highly recommend that you save yourself the time and money I lost and do the same. Keep in mind that the aluminum plates also have different sized inserts you can buy or you can get a solid one that you can drill out for a custom size.
I urge you to either build your own router table or save up and buy a better one.  The fence on this thing is a pain.  I want precision when I play with my router and this table is anything but precise.  The next bulk collection we have, thats where its going.  Otherwise it was sturdy, the table face was nice, thou the screws to level the router were a pain because they kept unscrewing.
I got my Bench Dog router table and I was super excited.  I've heard how great BD is and that's why I decided on their product.  First off when assembling I found that the metal piece that was used to support the router plate was manufactured wrong.  They forgot to insert the bolts that allowed the leveling screws to go into the metal piece.  After calling the company and sending them pictures I finally convinced them to send me a new piece.  After getting this new piece I spent 30 minutes leveling the router plate.  I COULD NOT level it no matter how many times I tried.  I called them after putting a straight edge and I found the plastic (or acrylic) router plate was warped.  After talking to the phone support they thought it was the plastic router plate.  They sent me another one in the mail.  This was covered in dirt as if it was used before.  I could clean it up but even after installing it and spending at least 1 hour trying to level this darn plate it still won't level.  I made a youtube video showing them my problem and how it tilts.  They blame the screws not being level.  Regardless how I adjust the bolts there is no way to get the rock out of my table.  They refuse to help me any more which is REALLY disappointing.  Stay away.  I don't know how one company can give such horrible support and so many defective parts.  I sent them a video even showing them what I did and they still refuse to fix it.  BUYER BEWARE!!!
It's a nice bag but no support for the bottom. I used to use it at work but not no more. If they make the bottom ridged it would be a 5 star.
The belt is light, padding is nice, but the buckle itself has started constantly coming unbuckled a lot on it's own while I'm moving around. I've not even used it much, and the plastic in the buckle has just become very flexible/weak, and now it just unbuckles itself making the belt unusableMy advice is to get a belt buckle with prongs (normal style tool belt), which wouldn't have this problem.
Hard to believe that Bessey could make anything less than a 5 star rating, but this one qualifies. It does HOLD the wood parts together, BUT it does NOT pull them together into tight contact. Good ONLY if you are using screws to pull the pieces together. Not good for gluing. Installing dowels does NOT pull the joint together.Wasted my hard earned money.
I bought this drill after my old Makita was stolen.  I thought it would be made in either the U.S. or Germany--Malaysia is not in Germany.  This tool is a piece of JUNK.  It is loud, but does not have any power.  I have since bought a Milwakee, and the Bosch sits on the shelf gathering dust.  Don't waste your money.
I have used several types of band clamps over the years. They all get the job done but the Bessey clamp does it faster and easier. A little pricy for the occasional user, but worth it if it you have a need often for a band clamp. You will probably want at least two.Joe Seidel
Impossible to use. Need 8 arms or 2 assistants... so fiddly.  Need to ensure its &#34;just tight enough&#34; and then fiddle with the height, angle, etc all on top of managing the glue up itself.A decent idea, but it just doesn't work.
Too small if you have a 3 inch filler and the second set of claw clamps that is suppose to hold the face flat is to offset to be useful unless you are doing the simplest to frame line-ups!
I have several kinds of pipe clamps and these fit none of them.Make sure these will fit your clamps or they will be as useless for you as they are for  me.
The product description talks about the "contact probes" and it is described as "pinless" but it has two big pins that you poke into things to measure moisture, leaving holes in your drywall.
Entirely misleading.  This unit DOES in fact have pins.  Even at that, I couldn't get it to register on wood that I know was fairly green.  Printing the return labels right now...
Why anybody would design an 8&#34; grinder with 5/8&#34; arbor is beyond me. Nobody sells wheels with arbor holes that small in an 8&#34; dia.
I bought this based on the reviews and have had nothing but trouble. The wobble in the wheels is so overwhelming that it's almost not usable, even after dressing the wheels. I took it apart and found that spacers on it were not true, so I ordered replacements. They were better, but the thing still has an unaaceptable wobble. I blame the design. This thing is junk.
Only comes with router bit for 1/4" radius hinges which are virtually non-existent. Almost all hinges today are 5/8" radius. The 5/8" bit is impossible to find even on line, and as another reviewer noted, the manufacturer has no intent of making the bit available with 1/4" shaft. So, tool is basically useless unless you happen to be installing 1/4" radius hinges. Shipping back to Amazon. Guess I'll revert to hammer and chisel. Makes me wonder what genius at the manufacturer (DC Precision Tools) is making the decisions (so much for buying "Made in USA").
I had already written a review on this ladder system, but for some reason it was erased.It's been almost a year since I bought my gorilla ladders (the generic home depot version of the little giant) & I could not be happier about it, I use my ladders day in & day out & they really perform in the same way as the little giant, those ppl who say that nothing compares to the little giant don't know anything about ladders, the gorilla ladder is also rated 1A 300 LB and it  makes for a better scaffolding base thanks to the hinges that come included with the ladder, my gorilla ladder(Extension Height: 11'-19'Stepladder Height: 5'-9') + my extendable aluminum plank (8'-13') was cheaper than the little giant!, about $340.00 all together, I was so satisfied with my first ladder that I bought a second one! (Extension height 9 feet to 15 feet, stepladder height 4 feet to 7 feet), I climb a ladder at least 4-5 times a day as I do home remodeling for a living, believe me I use my ladders much more often than many people here, there's no doubt the little giant is a good ladder system I just would not pay the extra money for the same quality so save yourself some money, the shipping time & go to the home depot & get yourself a gorilla ladder you won't be sorry...
First, I checked littlegiantladder.com prior to ordering this ladder (http://www.littlegiantladder.com/little-giant/type-1a.html)I purchased Model 26 - 10126LGW - which is marked ( Made in the USA of foreign and domestic parts.) - I only buy "Made in USA" because I demand quality.  I received 10126LG (marked on the ladder) - somewhere we lost the W.  Though the part number on the box reads 10126LGW.  I don't know if that makes a difference.In any case the label on the ladder clearly says "Proudly designed and engineered in the USA.  Made in China."Had I known this is what I would receive I would never have purchased it.  In inspecting the ladder....my father was a welding instructor, he worked on nuclear power plants..he trained people to work on nuclear power plants - he is a top notch professional who took pride and responsibility for the quality of his work - he can weld like art.  I can see one weld on this ladder that is broken and never should have passed inspection.  It's not worth the money.  I wouldn't even give it to someone I didn't like.  I would NOT recommend it.  I gave it 1 star because it wouldn't let me give it zero.  I am ashamed of this ladder.Amazon.com however I commend - they scheduled UPS to pick up the ladder for return which they did the very next day.Still I am disappointed with Little Giant.  Yes you can make ladders here in the USA with quality materials and workmanship.  stokesladders.com, metallicladder.com, duosafety.com
Why would anyone spend 80 bucks on something a 2x4 and a couple of screws could handle?The way I do it is mount a 2x4 ledger to the wall at my level line, set the cabinets on top so the 2x4 holds all the weight AND its pre-leveled so I don't have to worry about that while lifting.  Once its on the 2x4, you can hold up a several hundred lb. run with one hand.  Then a single screw up top of the cabinet run keeps it from falling off while I screw in the rest.  Any way you approach it, its still a 2 person job unless its just a single cabinet.Are there any other good uses for this thing that I'm not seeing?  I mean, I didn't buy it so I wouldn't know.. just looking for others input on the matter.
I purchased these for a select grade Bruce 3/4" solid floor install in our home.  Initially they worked OK for pulling less than straight boards into line with those already installed.  They would not pull too hard, but enough to get a board into place close enough that the pneumatic stapler would do its thing.  After less than 200 square feet of installation (= light use), two of the straps started to fray, making use difficult at best.  The cams also became less reliable, requiring fiddling around with them to work properly, and the metal portion that hooks on the tongue/groove portion started to pop off with ease, sending them clattering along the floor.  In the end I ended up purchasing some no-name flooring clamps that cost much less and lasted longer (still going, I might add).  Twice I inquired with Bessey via email, but never heard back.  Shame as the Bessey clamps of years back (the original K-body clamps in particular) were well made.  I do not recommend these clamps and suggest looking elsewhere.
Black and Decker is a vey reputable name. But this product does not live up to the brand name. The clamps are fastened with threaded screws into plastic slides that hardly hold the clamps in place, any pressure and things start falling apart.If I could return it I would, unfortunately I put it together well after the return period had expired.I can't imagine how this product is rated at 550-pound capacity.I would not recommend this product as a shop tool.
Shame on B&D for selling a piece of junk mechanical bench. AND shame on me for not looking at all of the reviews to understand the difference from the original workmate. I own an original and expected good quality. Why would a company change from a WINNER to such a POOR LOSER? Cheap metal, rough cut in places, thin cheap wood compared to the originals, an adjustment system that is based on a PLASTIC belt (wow!) and handles that adjust as one. I have read that if you crank the handle that would tighten on the smaller end of an angled piece of wood, the wider side slips off of the plastic crank and when the board is almost tightened you use both handles to tighten securely. Doesn't sound good to me. I would have rather spend a little more for the old original workmate than this piece of junk. I will be buying a "jawhorse" and sell this new workmate on craigslist.
My wife got me this for Christmas, which is today. First the instructions were the worst of anything I have ever seen in my life. Once I got it together, the surface is not level, the boards do not align properly. The handle part where you bolt on the last board were not even so I had to take that all apart and due to the tension on the bolts, it was a serious pain in the butt. To top it all off, when I raised the front bench to make it 90 degrees the first time, the whole orange handle mechanism completely fell off and I can't figure out to get it back together so anytime I want to use the handles the whole thing lifts up instead of being locked in position. I seriously feel like throwing the whole thing in the garbage!
Like many reviewers, I once owned the original Workmate. I loved it, and eventually gave it to my son. I ordered this one with trepidation, knowing that Black and Decker has not made a quality product for several decades. This bench arrived slightly bent, even though the shipping box did not appear damaged. Several parts fell out of the box when it was opened. These were parts that were supposed to be attached at the factory. The assembly instructions were confusing, and nearly useless. The concept of the Workmate has always appealed to me. The execution of that concept in this current product is pathetic. I cannot recommend the WM 425 in any way. Additional observations after a month of use: This workbench is truly a joke. It is so poorly made that I am constantly fiddling with it to get it to work right. As far as I am concerned, it is a disposable item, and that's exactly how I intend to treat it. As soon as I finish the current auto re-upholstery project that I am using it for, I'm going to set it out at the curb for pick-up by the local scrap metal hauler. Might as well re-cycle the steel into something more useful.
...from what these used to be.Like most products that used to be made in the USA, Black & Decker has seen fit to manufacture the WorkMate in China. And it shows. Those of you unfortunate enough to have bought this piece of junk because you didn't know any better ...I feel your pain.I still have my old original WorkMate table (a model 300) that is fast up on the quarter century mark. And it works better in every respect than the 7 year old model 425 I received as a gift. The steel on the 425 is rough edged and thin, all pivot points are pop-riveted and, after seven years of use, so tight it is still difficult to open the table. The ergonomics of the opening latches are such that you have to push down on them while trying to pull up on the table to release it ...nothing beats third world design. The larger bamboo wood table insert warped within a year. The overall fit, finish and function of this WorkMate is rough and cheap ...such a far remove from the originals. Had this not been a gift it would have been returned. I certainly wouldn't recommend this waste of steel to anyone.What a shame.B&D; invented the WorkMate (or at least brought it to market) and it was a great tool to have for DIY's and Pro's alike. The fact the originals are still around and working is testament to how well they used to be made ...and made here in the USA.My advice if you want a *good* WorkMate? Find one of the old originals in the aisles of everyone's favorite auction site or score one from a garage or estate sale. As long as people keep buying the cheap Chinese-made junk U.S. tool manufacturers are footing ...the manufacturers will keep making cheap Chinese-made junk.
Very poorly constructed.  Flimsy sheet metal.  Catches on the underside of the jaws do not engage securely into the holes in the frame.  Adjusting screws were poorly aligned so that the first attachment of the moveable jaw left it crooked and required some disassembly and adjusting on my part.  Reasonably sturdy with all 4 legs on a flat floor, but I suspect it will prove wobbly on an uneven surface.  Definitely not for the serious DIYer who works with heavier items.  Next time I would look for something much sturdier.  Made in China.
&#9675; Loaded with plastic components&#9675; Flimsy, thin wooden tops&#9675; One top piece cracked within a week of use&#9675; Done w/ B & D
My old Workmate worked easily.  This new Workmate being top of the line, WM425, should be at least as good. It is crap. The top is cheap, thin  material, not even cut to square. I could replace the top but the vise is flimsy and so poorly designed and manufactured that I have to crank it with both hands. I took it to a B&D Service Center to ask if I can substitute a top from an old Workmate. They young man there had never seen a Workmate and had no idea what it is for. Do not buy.
Ordered a set of these based on the almost unanimous 5 star reviews. Packages came with the dreaded &#34;Made in China&#34; sticker applied to the box. Sure enough, all 4 were mis-welded so badly that they would not fit a 2x4 into the top. Every single one had the top bracket at all sorts of random angles so they were nowhere near parallel. One had a gap of &#60;1&#34; where you insert the 2x4.No quality control. Another quality brand down. If someone knows of a good alternative, please post it.
Ordered a set of these based on the almost unanimous 5 star reviews.  Packages came with the dreaded &#34;Made in China&#34; sticker applied to the box.  Sure enough, all 4 were mis-welded so badly that they would not fit a 2x4 into the top.  Every single one had the top bracket at all sorts of random angles so they were nowhere near parallel.  One had a gap of &#60;1&#34; where you insert the 2x4.No quality control.  Another quality brand down.  If someone knows of a good alternative, please post it.
This thing is junk.  The orange store cat's paws take out small and large nails.  This misses the small nails.You won't look so cool when you can't get the job done.  This has a real tough name and logo but is no good.  Get the shark puller the other reviewer suggested.
Why in the hell would a company like DEWALT sell this item without DEWALT DW4706 4-1/2-Inch Backing Flange for the DW402, DW402G, and DW818?  I bought the 4 1/2 inch grinder and this blade will not function without the backing flange.  The flange is not included with the grinder and no mention of the flange is included in the requirements for this blade or the grinder.  Seriously disappointed by DEWALT.Once I bought this flange, the wheel working very well in cutting fire brick and ceramic floor tile.  Lost several days of productivity due to the lack of full disclosure.
I looked at this tool in a local store because I'm installing crown in an older house. It is very well made and deserves more than one star, but while I was in the store I found a simple plastic tool for measuring angles called &quot;mite-r-gage&quot;. It gives you an accurage measurement which you then compare with a crown table that gives you the angle and bevel for flat cuts on a compound miter saw.I just wanted people to consider this $10 alternative if the Bosch is overkill for how often you'll use it.
You would think the case for your levels would be made at the same level of quality your levels are. They are NOT.First of all the carrying strap is NOT adjustable like the description says. It is a terrible design and awkward to carry with anything else in your hands.The 24" and 59" compartments are to small, you have to force them in. In less than a year I have holes in the corners of the pockets since it's so tight.Unfortunately no one else makes a level case that holds multiple levels, and having 5 or 6 level cases isn't practical for me.
Do not buy this level.  It is not accurate.  When the bubble is centered in the horizontal position it is actually not level.  I returned the first one I received and got a replacement.  The second was just as bad as the first.  To make matters even worse, the bubble is small and the lines are far apart so the bubble doesn't touch the lines.  That makes it very hard to tell if the bubble is in the center.  I placed it on top of a large contractor's level just to be sure, and the bubble was way off center on this one when the contractor's level bubble was centered.
yeah yeah yeah blah blah blah....4 stars cuz it looks real pretty? This thing is junk. The caulk or whatever it is that holds the bubble vials in falls out, you lose the vials and you end up with a piece of pretty aluminumn......Klein makes a level with the SAME rare earth magnets (not the strip magnets) and is WAY more durable. BUY THE KLEIN.
First, as other reviewers say, this particular compressor is *very* loud. It seems like it could be quieter. Second, I find that in any moderate tool use, it cycles quite frequently...maybe a higher SCFM would be better.Most importantly, this has to be the least overworked tool in my weekend remodeler's arsenal, yet it's the first one I've ever actually had die. I've owned it for maybe 4 years, but it only gets used a couple times a year. I took care of the oil, always drained the tank, and never kicked it over or dropped it. Yet recently the pressure control switch has failed. Now whenever it charges up, after the switch cuts off at max pressure, some sort of relief kicks in and bleeds off all the pressure it just built up.  Useless. I could fix this for about $60 by buying a new one on the Internet, but I'm not happy with the quality so I'm going to switch brands.Maybe low quality is why this thing is discounted so much.
This goodyear hose ~ IS NOT GOODYEAR !I just got off the phone with a goodyear rep who told me there is a knockoff company if FL.. Somehow they use the name goodyear, but the real goodyear will have a TM (some kind of symbol) between the good and the year..I own this hose..  I called because my new compressor says rubber will not hold up to synthetic compressor lube.. Unless it is over 36 percent nitrile..  I cant seem to find anything about this hose in tghat respect..Guess I will keep trying.. If it were a goodyear hose I would have had my answer.. The real hoses would probably cost a lot more..But,it would have been nice to know what I was buying in the first place..
Very disappointed, especially with all the great reviews.  I bought two.  The hose was fine, but the 1/4 inch ends were the problem for me.  On the first one, the threads were slightly off and leaked air.  On the second one, the threads were also slightly off, plus the crimp area was leaking.  Lost 30 pounds of air overnight.  Sent the first one back already and will likely send second one back.I've since gone to local farm supply store and bought two of the red Goodyear 50 foot, 3/8 inch, 1/4 inch ends.  Hooked up exact same couplers, zero leaks, zero issues.  Sent other one to my Dad with same couplers.  He hooked them up, zero leaks, zero issues.  Don't forget to use a little plumbers tape before putting couplers on.
I bought this air hose under the impression it was a genuine goodyear air hose. It's not; it's a knockoff. The hose may or may not work fine, but it's not a goodyear hose.Thisis a genuine goodyear air hose. This was confirmed by the manufacturer of the real hoses; see hobbler's 1 star review and check the comments.I didn't suspect much until I got the hose and noticed a couple of things. Though it seems to be hit or miss, the fittings on mine were mis-threaded as well. I tried to attach this hose to a hose reel and the fitting was very difficult to thread and only went on a few turns before not being able to go any further, even with a wrench. Also, the hose itself did NOT have the Mit diamond trademark signifying a genuine goodyear hose, and the goodyear markings that are there were put on sloppily and were starting to rub off.Like I said, the hose may or may not work fine; I couldn't get mine threaded to even try it so 1 star. Others seem happy with it, and that's great, but I don't like to be duped. Don't sell me a harbor freight hose at goodyear prices. The genuine goodyear hose is only eight bucks more so I bought one of those and this one is en router back to amazon for a refund.Amazon needs to get on the ball with these counterfeit items. I had a similar experience with a belkin USB cable, where it was supposed to be belkin, yet the cable was absolute garbage, extremely generic and anorexicly thin.
maybe if u wanted to  upholster a seat on a chair ok other wise  not good for wood workers sad
Two of these bits broke on the 1st or 2nd use.  I was drilling kitchen cabinets for a screw hole so it was not heavy duty use.  The "break" did not occur on the drill bit itself, but where the drill bit fits into the hex shaft.  The bits are actually two pieces, a regular drill bit which is pressed/inserted into a hex shaft.  Since it was exposed, I was able to see that the drill bit shaft had a flattened area that apparently is supposed to be held by another flat area inside the hex shaft.  I was able to reinsert the drill bit back into the hex shaft and turn it freely by hand.  Whatever was supposed to "catch" and keep the bit from spinning was obviously long gone.  Hopefully I just had a bad batch.  Amazon is replacing them and I'll see how they do.  Knowing what I know now, I'd probably opt for a one piece hex drill bit, rather than what turned out to be a two piece setup.
These drill bits are the most worthless things ever didn't even start to drill and the first bit twisted out of hex shank and so I tried another and they all did the same I bought a lot cheap one and there all perfectly fine.
The thing cracked and swallowed a bit. Gar-bahgge. I have a Ryobi cheapo for the last 10 years. I bought this one for a second drill. After 5 days use, using a DeWalt drill, it cracked. As we write on boxes in the office so the cleaning people will pick them up... "Basura"! I sure wish I could change my stars. Skip this accessory.
Either the design or the quality was very poor.  Only lasted through part of one job before the outer sleeve came loose.  My previous Makita bit holder lasted years!  Sorry dewalt... back to Makita!
I received this bit, the package was labeled with the correct part number, but the bit had only 2 cutters, not the 4 that were described in the description. Close examination of the picture shows a bit with only 2 cutters.I don't know how well it works, since I sent it back.
When the humidity shot up in our area recently we discovered that condensation was forming between this cover and our table saw leaving rust streaks that were a lot of work to remove. In contrast, our uncovered cast-iron machines were fine. So I've reluctantly folded up this very pretty cover and put it back on the shelf.
I have had one of these for years. It had metal lifting levers. The current production has lifting levers that flex and break. They flex when new, but grow brittle and break as they age.And I had nowhere near the stated 500 lbs  on the base.
My shop rolls on HTC products and I've always been happy with them.I restored an old Parks planer and the footprint fit none of the dedicated basesso I opted to try one of the universal bases.  Big mistake.Unlike the dedicated bases, the fixed wheels have no brake on them.  THe machine rests on two small rubber pads and the wheels when "stationary" and that does not work out well.  The base is prone to movement as there is insufficient locking mechanisms- if this base had brakes it would be a nice option for odd pieces of machinery.
The package arrived without all the parts. I called the company and after several tries, they sent out the missing part. I put it together, placed my table saw on it that doesn't weigh anywhere near the stated 400# capacity, and the plastic levers snapped in two the first time I tried to lift it. Pure junk.
For the price of this bag and a decent set of cables, you can get a portable jump start system from Husky, Coleman, etc. with a built in worklight (added bonus, you can use these systems as a power source for power outages, tailgate parties, extended cell use, etc.)  And, these gadgets are easier to use and/or store than cables.  Add about 10 bucks, and you can get the models that have light duty air compressors built in.
Never even had to take it out of the bag.  One review stated he fit his #2 gage jumpers in this'  I would sure like to ask him how.  This bag is SMALL.  I have a heavy duty set of cables in my F-350 and it's not even close to fitting.  A standard size set could fit?  This is going back to Amazon.  ADVISE - roll your cables up and measure diameter and height of the roll.
This is just plain cheap-o junk. Really For the price of this kit and the price of the vacuum, I would expect alot more. I don't even know where to begin. Poor fitting, sloppy and poorly designed too. Yuck.
These did not come in any retail packaging. On top of that the quality of finish was bad. They were scratched and dented. The mechanism didn't fit the other half well at all and there was a slight clicking noise whenever they were turned.I had bought for the entire house but I just returned them all and moved to Kwikset which were of a far higher quality.
We returned most of our Schlage Plymouth locks. They were delivered without any packaging in generic brown boxes. Inside many of the locks were scratched. The plate that attaches to the door wasn't exactly flat so a slight gap could be seen between it and the door.Also, the finish was really poor. I have moved all my locks to Kwikset now and those are an order of magnitude better. Really really bad quality.
The inside of the socket did not align with the outside sleeve.  There was a lot of interference and the socket disconnected from the grommets when I screwed the bulb in.
Poor quality.  The motion sensor can't pick up anyone at 45deg to the side.  I would not buy this junk.  I have used other brands and have good results
I am not sure what this brand is about but I purchased 6 from local home depot and had to return all in 2 weeks as they failed .My neighbour purchased 4 and none worked after a week.Heath Zenith, Please get into some other  business as you are bringing some cheap product in the market , which is very unreliable and cheap.After buying this product, I realized how bad some products can be,..
Go to Mennards or Lowes or Home Depot and get an $11.00 Cooper instead. You will be happy you did.
this only turns off half your water tank. leaves one element burning continuously! buy the spdp timer. waist of money.
very little pliars for a lot of money.  channellock makes a good product but this was over priced in my book
i had to work on it to get the brass part to slide.  it should have not been that way.  must have been a second.  lufkin mades a great rule but this one was very bad.
I recieved this ruler on time and intact.The first segment is a full 1/16th inch short!The slider doesn't even line up with the end.Ridiculous. I returned the item and ordered a different brand.I had a Lufkin that lasted over 20 years before it broke. Obviously their QA department is asleep at the switch.
I had one of these for 10 years and used it every day from October thru April. Finally the screens that cover the burners started cracking and I knew it's time was short. So I decided to buy another one. Amazon certainly has the best price if you can wait for the free shipping. When I received it, I noticed that the copper thermocouple tubes going to each burner were all kinked up and looked like they were smashed in several places with a pair of vise-grips. I've installed a few thermocouples in my day and I know this is a no-no since it can short out the tiny wires inside the tube. I sent the unit back to Amazon and they immediately sent a replacement. It too had the thermocouple tubes all bent to death so I sent it back and they refunded my money. Neither of these units should have ever left the factory in this condition. Sorry Mr. Heater, but you blew it this time. I ended up buying another brand at my local Lowes for about the same price. This one is actually better since you can aim each burner in a different direction and it doesn't need a wrench to attach the hose to your propane tank. Of course, it's made in China like everything else, but the quality of manufacture is far superior to the Mr. Heater units. Here is a prime example of the fall of American manufacturing. You let your quality go and your customers go with it.
...and it vibrates the whole room horribly.  This was what our modular home manufacturer installed into our new home and it's horribly cheap and tacky. This thing is something that you'd install in a low-budget trailer home and they stuck it into our 180-thou new home's guest bath. We're replacing it as soon as humanly possible.NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL!
The air circulation is very poor and the light isn't very bright - the two primary functions of the unit.  Beyond that there's a air dam that rocks back-and-forth when it's windy outside; which is very frustrating due to the noise it makes when rocking back-ad-forth.  I bought this to replace a non-lighted fan and will not use in the remaining bathrooms.
Purchased from big box store in the summer of 2013. Started leaking about 1 month ago, and adjustment would not stop the leak. Valve would not shut off fully, causing the trickle down the overflow. This is trash! If it does not last even 8 months, it it worthless. Replaced with a cheap fluidmaster. Kooky, you should be ashamed to sell such worthless stuff!
I had 2 of their products.  Both failed miserably.Never got a whole lot of use out the mini because the bulb life and battery life were just terrible.  I recently tried to upgrade it with an LED kit.  Forget it.  The internal plastic parts just fell apart in my hands.I had bought one of their C cell lights about 10 years ago. It made it through one set of batteries.  When I tried to replace the batteries, the tail end would not come off.  It had somehow become welded to the body of the flashlight. I think the parts corroded together and got stuck.  Tried a vice, channel lock pliers, you name it.  Anything that would impart enough force to get it unglued would have damaged the body.  Went in the trash.
It has 96 holes (I guess, I never counted them), but I doubt it could hold that many tools unless you have an incredible screw driver collection.  The larger holes are not quite big enough for hammers, too big for screwdrivers  or chisels, so why are they there?  It does bend with a load over time.  For the same money you could find a couple of scraps of wood, a few screws  and drill your own holes to make a rack that is truely useful!  I came by  mine as a gift, so I don't have anything in it.  I wouldn't buy one.
I never received the results of the test after waiting six weeks to hear from the testing lab.  I sent the charcoal bag to some lab in Texas.  I would not recommend this product to my friends.  I am disappointed in such a lag time! I have never received the results from the lab.  The price was cheap and so is the product.  It is a waste of time and money.  I would have never bought this product if I knew up front that it takes six weeks to get the results!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1) Wasted the purchase price.  2) Wasted the postage to mail it 3) Waited 3 weeks and absolutely nothing.  The web site is constantly down and then I am told that maybe the mail is late.  Absolutely a waste of more than $20 and more so the time to find out the test.  I should never have bought this bogus kit.  This is not a first alert product, it is a small company that clearly can barely run a business.
Today this pump stopped working for me. I am not happy. I just bought it in Aug. 2012 - I use it for my goldfish and he needs this fountain // water flow, especially now. Of course it's the new year eve and yadda yadda so I'm SOL.........  If it were not needed for my 17 year  old gold fish I would not care. FISH NEED AIR. Of course it's late in the day too. : ((( I am so upset.
As has been pointed out in other reviews, this sanding block has little or nothing to recommend it.  It IS made of a light weight plastic, it relies on four small plastic pins to hold the block together in use, and is not in any way contoured to fit the hand.I have found that the block will not stay together unless I tape the joint on both sides of the block (duct tape). It is far too light, too insubstantial to do any serious work with requiring far too much energy and attention to work at all well.Maybe for modelers but I can not see this used anyplace else: I would certainly suggest a different sanding block.
I had a heavy solid rubber sanding block that I gave to my son. I ordered this one to replace it and was very disappointed. Cheap, flimsy light plastic and hollow shell. I can't imagine this lasting more than one good sanding session. Typical of things made these days, including most cars, appliances and tools. 3M used to be a quality-based company. Guess the good people in charge who cared about quality passed away. I would not recommend this to anyone looking for a quality sanding block.
Despite my best intentions and the wording of the ad, this was the wrong size for my vac. Had to send it back.
No Maglite product can get a &quot;no star&quot; rating - they are very well built. However, if you want the best ultra-compact light, you need to look to the Photon Microlight or the ARC AAA light. They use LED's, and give, for all practical purposes, the same amount of light for many, many hours more than the AAA Maglite.
The light is bright the first few times you use it after that it is dim and useless. Better off buying one of those LED key chains for like 2 bucks.
As a keyring flashlight the Solitaire could hardly be worse.  The light quality is terrible.  It does look nice, though.
Replaced all my mini-mag and large mag lights with Fenix and Pelican LED lights. Mags are behind the curve. The difference is amazing when you compare a Fenix 1 AAA cell light against a mini mag. You may as well not have a light if you are using the mini mag.
The lifespan of this poor thing as the companion to the spare house keys can be measured in decades. True, it is durable and tough. Recently, my LED keychain light died, so I decided to take up this poor, taken-for-granted thing on my keychain to take to work daily.What a piece of junk. The light it gives is truly weak and pathetic, even with a brand new battery; there was not one task I gave it that it did even passably well at. After a few uses, I felt like throwing it onto the freeway for many cars and trucks and big rigs to run over and gloriously destroy.Do not buy this thing for any use under any circumstances.
Very disappointed that maglight would sell such a useless flashlight, even with a new battery it is so dim you can barely see it - don't wate you money.  Another reviewer mentioned the Photon Microlights, I'll try that instead
The product description details of this item clearly stated the bulb type is LED. However the version that I received is the old incandescent model. It is not worth going through the hassle of a return so I will look for a LED conversion kit.
Granted I've only used this on the deadbolt cores and not the knob cores.  However, for the deadbolt core, one uses this piece of metal to pry a c-ring off. Fingers or a screwdriver could do the same thing. It's a wire c ring.  Let's hope when my knob fails this tool will actually be important.  Until then, I keep it in my toolbag to add a little extra weight so I can get stronger lifting it around.
This tool was far more cumbersome to use than a screwdriver and an allen wrench to take apart the SmartKey handle sets.  Wouldn't recommend unless you don't own a small flat blade screwdriver.  It's not well made either, just stamped metal with rough edges.
I purchased this to repair a lamp and it seemed to work well. But this week the lamp died. I troubleshooted every which way, to be sure it wasn't the bulb or my wiring. But it's the kit.
Well it died in 24 months and 4 months. Nice light when it worked. Now it's back to the switch and no auto light.
Initially I thought this was a great deal, but the piece of junk cracked in three spots as soon as I tightened the screw.  Went to Home Depot and bought an "unbreakable" one for half the price.
This product is worthless!  If you think I'm out of line saying this-then do this: Get the Stanley Two Outlet With Pull Chain Socket, it just costs $1.00 more.  Look at the difference.  When you choose the Leviton over the Stanley, the Stanley company looses a sale.Levitron gets the sale asnd grows and Stanley fades-I hate to see this happen!  I have no vested interest in any product my reviews are honest, my reviews are trustworthy.
I bought this and returned it. It jammed every few staples, while I put up my Christmas lights. A 15 minute job turned into an hour. Clearing jams every few staples is not desirable. I'm going to get one with great reviews. Put your money into a quality product, this thing is cheap. It's made in the USA, but for some reason this company hired the lowest bidder here.
After light use (homeowner) for three years, a a ring broke and the clevis pin fell out, rendering the staple gun useless.  Warranty?  Two years.  Parts available?  Yes, for $1.00 plus $5.15 shipping from Arrow, for a total of $6.15 for a tiny steel ring that should have never broken.  Obviously Arrow QA thought this was good enough.  In sum, if you need a light-duty, not very comfortable stapler that is cheap at the outset but expensive to maintain, buy this stapler.
This is a review of the new RED staple gun from Arrow, an upgrade from the T50.  After trying two of the guns I will not try another. The gun is very powerful and can flush drive a 9/16 staple into hard pine very nicely. However, I had a some problems with the gun. I had many miss-fires when shooting into all materials. I believe the weak spring used to advance the staples might be to blame here. My guns were also very hard to open and fill with staples. The release did not operate properly. Third was when shooting into hardboard with 1/2 staples some drove all the way in and some stood proud of the surface, making it necessary to use the hammer. The last thing was the firing handle would come out of the socket when using it and need to be relocated back in place. All time consuming and frustrating.I am still looking for a better solution. Maybe the Duo Fast CS-5000?
FLUIDMASTER use to be &#34;the only game in town.&#34; It was my preferred brand for years..With the latest design, quality has gone down. The devices are flimsier and defective. I recently purchased two kits. Both went bad within a month - the water release triggers did not work. As a result, I had to open the tank and manually release the water during flushing. Also, the chain got caught too frequently.
I have purchased a number of these. The manufacturer used to include a con washer and a threaded connector so you could attach the unit to a one half inch copper feed line. Those of us who live in old houses understand this.I just bought one at Home Depot, and got home to discover these parts, worth at least 2 cents, are no longer included. You have to go back and bay them, sold separately. Nothing on the box about this - the instructions don't even mention connecting the unit to a feed line of any kind.The unit works well, but this is so cheap!!! the plumbing ref calls foul and Fluidmaster is in the penalty box!!
Bought this to try since I usually work alone and could often use a little extra "reach" on my tape.  While this one does provide a little more than my old Stanley Powerlocks, that feature is worthless because of all the effort required to get the lock to engage.  By the time I get it locked I've shaken the tape so much that I might as well have been carrying a little pocket tape.  I had hoped that after using it awhile that the lock would "break in" and become usable, but just the opposite happend - adding a little dirt made it almost impossible to lock at all.  Also noticed that because of the large arc in the blade that the end tab needs to be longer; it doesn't want to stay hooked as well as my other tapes.  Add in the overall bulk of the case and this is possibly the worst tape I've ever owned.
I own three of these Stanley FatMax 25-foot tape measures that I purchased about four years ago.  The tape lock on all of them has failed.  I would not purchase this tape measure.I also own two Stanley 25-foot PowerLock tape measures that I purchased about four years ago.  These PowerLock tape measures still work perfectly.  They are also much cheaper than the FaxMax units.  I just ordered (12/20/2013) three more of the PowerLock units.
This is a good tape and I have many of them... at least 10 on hand and have gone though maybe 5 or 6.  In the last couple years trying to make life easier while still doing a lot of the work I have let others strap on the tool bags and have just put the tape on my pants pocket.I recomend folks take the pocket clip off and grind the inside so it doesn't cut the threads on your pants pocket.  I noticed I've got several pair of expensive work pants and the pocket is just shreaded and many of them have about an inch of pocket missing now.It's like a razor blade on the inside of the pocket clip and a single day of use will completly shread your pants pockets.
The design of this plane is sound. It has been around for many years. The problem is the steel  used in the body of the plane and the lack of finishing of the plane sole and iron.The  sole of the plane is not close to being flat. Its finish is very rough. I spent hours using 10" diamond sharpening stones to flatten and smooth it. While resting 20 - 30 minutes between flattening/sharpening sessions, the plane developed a thin layer of rust. If you do as I did, be sure to have a good gun oil to wipe on it when you finish using it. If you don't, you will find the plane has rusted badly. Was finally able to get it flat and smooth.The plane iron is also not flat. The back of mine is high in the center and with hours of trying to flatten it on diamond sharpening stones was unable to do so. For that reason, it will be returned.I suggest that you pay more for another model and hope to get one with a smoother plane bottom and a plane iron tha can be sharpened.
It came bent in the package and when I attempted to straighten it snapped in two pieces. I think it is smarter to buy it at home depot and buy it there so if you have a problem you can settle it right away and get a new replacement without hassle and most importantly time waist..
I've tried to use one of these and they just don't work for me.  The mechanism that latches the blade out will let the blade retract the second that you put any significant pressure on it.  I usually end up either just using a razor blade with no holder or else an automotive style gasket scraper razor blade holder that doesn't retract if I really need a handle.  The concept is good, a razor blade holder that you can keep in your pocket or toolbag while you're working, but it just doesn't work in practice.
The body of the knife is alloy, but the blade holder is a cheap piece of bent sheet metal that you have to fumble around with to hold the blade and get it in the right notches.  I am disappointed in this purchase, especially since it is supposed to be a classic designed knife.Once I got it together it worked like a charm.
I bought this thinking it would be a useful and versatile tool to keep handy in my tool bag with a few extra blades for different applications. First thing I noticed is how thick this thing is, nearly 2" wide in some spots and about 1.5" everywhere else, not a huge deal the designers needed to make room for the internal storage compartment. The next thing I noticed, much to my irritation, is that the entire handle is made out of cheap abs plastic, the kind that literally shatters if it falls from too high and hits something hard. Another gripe I have about this handle is that instead of being assembled with screws this was glued/snaped together, making working on it virtually impossible. My third gripe is that you can only use 6" or shorter blades in both the saw's arbor and storage compartment while still maintaining the folding feature, the fact that it won't take 8" blades is incredibly aggravating. Finally the locking arbor only half works, by this I mean that the blade can be locked open but not closed, due to either poor manufacturing or a design flaw. The only possible problem I can figure is that the lip on the closed side of the arbor wasn't cut back far enough to allow the locking mechanism to be engaged, hence why not being able to dismantle the saw is so irritating. Overall this item is a POS that is likely the result of the designers not adhering to the 6Ps.Prior Planning Prevents Piss Poor Performance.
I used to buy Stanley stuff for years but the fact they had the Chinese stamp/mold "STANLEY" on a worthless POS miter box like this one makes me pause on buying anything else from them.  I guess they let the communist Chinese do their design work as well as manufacture.The saw gets bound up in the slots and the saw is a POS as well.  DO NOT BUY!
Do you really need more cheap plastic junk?  It's easy to smash if you're frustrated.  Or you could save your money, and your sanity.
Seeing is how the 2, 5 star reviews on this item are from fake users who seem to be trash talking other iphone battery sellers and 5 staring there own is pretty messed up so therefore it appears this seller is some type of scammer.
SEE UPDATE AT BOTTOM OF REVIEW! BATTERY IS WORSE THAN THE ONE I WAS REPLACINGThis saved me a lot of money! I read about doing this on CNET, then watched the YouTube video, then found an awesome step-by-step written instruction guide. Just Google "iphone 4s battery replacement" and you will see the video, and also the CNET article. In the comments section of the CNET article is a helpful link to the step-by-step instructions.It took me about 20 mins and it worked! As other people have said, just take your time and be careful with the tiny screws and the little gold piece. It's very easy to lose these pieces! They're also extremely tiny. I'm a petite female but I felt oafish as my fingers tried to manipulate these tiny pieces.I'm so glad I didn't give Apple $70+ bucks to do this. So grateful to whoever makes this product.IMPORTANT: If your phone doesn't turn on when you put it back together, don't panic (like I did haha). Plug the phone into the wall charger because the battery may well be dead. I thought I had ruined my phone, but the new battery just needed to be charged and it's working fine (knock on wood).UPDATE: After less than 24 hours, I'm downgrading this from 5 stars to 2 (still giving 2 for the relative ease of replacement). The battery I bought is no better than the one I was replacing! I have screenshots of my phone at 94% battery 23 minutes after a full charge. After an hour last night, it was at 74% (I was just on email and have already configured my settings to use as little battery as possible). This is worse than the battery I bought to replace it! I get that these aren't brand new batteries, but it's unacceptable to have customers pay for a battery replacement and then sell one that can't hold a charge. Why would I pay money and go through the hassle of replacing my battery to get something that works WORSE than the one I had? The worst part is, after putting my phone back together, I tried to unscrew the back again to check placement of the batery, and one of the screws won't come out. One did fine, but one of them seems to be stuck--the tiny screwdriver doesn't seem to be "catching" the screw. So now my cover may be stuck on, making it impossible to even replace it. I will probably end up taking it to Apple and spending $70+) to fix TechAhead's mistake. I contacted Amazon customer service and I'm sure they'll make it right, but I do NOT recommend this product. The battery is worse than the one I had! Some must be good because there are so many positive reviews, but what kind of company sells extremely used and sub-par batteries and passes them off as replacements? I guess you get what you pay for. BE CAREFUL.
It looked like the original battery for sure. Came with all the tools necessary to install it. But when it came to test it out, it doesn't hold a charge as well as the almost two year old battery it's replacing. Disappointing. I would buy somewhere else if I were you.
The item i ordered was red, and the one i received was yellow.  That would have been okay, except that this level had no measurement markings, although it is exactly 4ft long.  It is not very useful without inch markings.
It suppose to be a proper measuring tape but turned out not to be,It gets stuck ever so often that I now refuse to use it.
This is lightweight aluminum (it does say "aluminum" in the description) but it is more of a toy-grade aluminum than a carpenter's tool, or even a homeowner's grade tool.  But, that's the very least of the problem.  For me, and I have 20/30 eyesight, and even better eyesight up close, the markings are impossible to read without a magnifying glass.  This is not because they are too small, but because everything - the markings and the entire square are exactly the same grayish-white color.  The "hash marks" and the numbers are thin, shallow hairlines barely cut into the surface.  If you have 5-minutes to spare, carefully studying this thing, then buy it.  Even after you think that you know where the 3 & 3/8ths inch line is, if you glance away for a second, and then look back, you won't be able to see it again!  The aggravation this thing will cause will be enough for you to throw it away in disgust, but since it is shaped like a boomerang, it will likely come back and hit you in the head.
This square was bent during construction, probably by rough handling (was packaged very well, isn't delivery damage).  It's cheapness is an obvious lack of concern for the great Stanley brand.  It isn't square, and is missing the scales, tables, etc.  To be avoided if you want a quality carpenters square.
I have to mention that the nails are superb. Excellent holding power and no jams. Made in Canada, not overseas.The nails are packed in a paper box which is not suitable for shipping. Ordered 4 packs,all arrived in pieces. Bostitch should use a different packaging materialfor online stores. My advise, buy locally. It costs $5 more per 1000 than on Amazon in my local HD.
I should have known better as several reviewers mentioned the same problem, but I tried it anyway.  My package arrived completely busted within the shipping box, with all nails ripped from their strips.  I used it anyway, only because I needed it that day.  Next time, I'll go to Lowes.
Bad to purchase and be shipped.  They came broken in pieces requiring too much time to be continually reloading. not good
I sometimes fail to remember that one gets what they pay for and this  sander was no exception to that rule.  I saw the 'price' and the 'intent'  of this tool right off the bat.  The price was right in that it was  practically free compared to its nearest competitor!  Unfortunately, the  competitor sander had a lot more 'intent', and consequently... higher  quality, durability and reliability in mind during the design and  manufacturing process.  My new Porter Cable 550 will probably end-up in my  Great Grandchildren's hands in serviceable condition, and I am not a  Grandpa yet!After taking this sander out of its box, and putting it  to use, it soon became clear that I could not keep sandpaper on it.  As a  result of its Billion RPM orbital action, it kept tearing off along the  securing clamps on either end of the sander.  I tried about every little  trick I could think of before tossing this tool into the  &quot;lesson-learned pile&quot; of other bargain-priced power tools in my  shop.  You know, the ones too worthless to really use, and too valuable to  throw away?  Don't end up spending your money twice on the same sort of  tool.  GO GET A PORTER CABLE, OR EQUIVALENT!!!  If you want the Black and  Decker Sander above, send me an email and you can have mine for the cost of  shipping!Handy Dan
The main gear is plastic. It broke within the first week I had it using it under a light load.
This is a little screwdriver that works well to drive a few screws, but has limited use in my shop for large projects.  Great for those time when you have a dozen screws to remove.  The locking mechanism broke the first day, so the screwdriver can not be used manually.
I got this thing two years ago.  It no longer can be charged, works only when plugged in.  In addition, even when new, the battery would discharge itself in about an hour when not plugged into the charger.  Complete waste of money.
I received a 9.6V cordless drill/driver as a gift.  With a cordless device, you need a backup battery, unless you have time to wait for the dead battery to recharge.  After searching the internet for a spare battery, I found the best deal here on Amazon, which included free shipping! :)&#9658; Update - September 22, 2013This battery pack is failing... weak, even after being recharged.  The battery that came with the drill/driver is still strong.I've decided to drop the product rating to show my displeasure. :(
It's better just to send your original NiCad battery packs to a recell company and have NiMH cells put in them. Twice the energy storage with half the problems of NiCad.
Get a Dewalt.  The B&D products are not made as well and will not get through as many projects. Plus, the B&D batteries don't last very long at all.
This battery, after minor modification (small tab needs to be cut off using knife), can be used in Dewalt 12V tool range. This battery costs more than 2 times less than DeWalt battery, so you may think "Why should I pay for brand name, if I can get same for less money?" And you will be wrong. This battery is very, very weak. While declared capacity is 1.2ah, the real capacity is around 0.7ah I guess. I've installed it, fully charged, into DeWalt DC940 cordless drill. Used 8x120mm screws into pine. The 1st screw went in fine, but battery emitted bad odour. I've tried to screw another one, but on halfway, drill stopped, and battery emitted much more bad odour (something rotten-flesh like, never seens such odour from battery).That's ALL!!!One fully charged battery managed to screw only one and half screw into wood!So, if you going to buy this, remember that you can only use it for light duty applications, and never put it into any Dewalt XRP series tools.
I looked at this in the store and found it difficult to move the button that shifts from one position to the other. The button is smooth and set in so that your thumb can't get a grip on it and you have to use your nail. Although I did not consider the unit any further because of this problem, someone else might find it okay.
I didn't want to spend a lot on something like this, because as a do-it-yourselfer, I would only use this maybe 3 times a year max.  I'm not a contractor who would make something like this take a beating so I didn't want to spend extra money on durability that wouldn't pay off.  But this is a total piece of junk.When I was trying to assemble this, the 'pins' would not fit into the holes of the vice screw and vice crank.  I know stuff like this happens when things are mass-produced, so I jiggled the pieces around, tried using a rubber mallet to force the pins in... could not get it.  I don't know how much time I wasted on this step, maybe 10 minutes and it became clear it wasn't going to happen.I tried using it anyways cause I have stuff to do, and figured that all I had to do was tighten the vice screw by hand to adjust the jaws and that it would be usable but an inconvenience, but it really is unusable because it can't stay put.I don't know if you would call this poorly designed, or poorly manufactured, but either way this is getting returned.And I found it a little odd that in the instructions,figure nine shows that you hammer the rubber feet onto the legs of the workbench, and yet mine came with the rubber feet already on.  Does this mean I got somebody else's return?
I dont know what metal they used on these, but these pliers started rusting within 2 weeks.  I am a klein man; from lineman's to screwdriver's I swear by the company.  Something tells me these were counterfeit.
I bought one of these based on the positive reviews. I now assume they were written by Bench Dog employees. This thing is an utter waste of $10. It does not hold the blade unless you raise it all the way up, wasting time. Even then it does a lousy job of holding the blade. I am back to the tried and true method of a block of wood and being careful not to destroy my knuckles.
I am a C.ENGINEER myself.  I like the product. It is an excellent air system,but it could use a better packaging. I called the JDS customer service the same day. The item came in with a big dent at the corner. JDS could use a bit morepackaging on their item. The wooden support was great, but the top had no support.  I figure I had an American product I talk to them myself before I send it back to Amazon.com, I pulled up the big dent,but the filter came up crooket,or not straight. I contacted JDS. They call me back right away, I thought they will mail it back to me. I haven't received the the replacement filter yet. I may have to buy the filter on amazon.com. They could get 5 star if not the damage filter.  I will strongly recomend this product.
This product is no longer on the market, I called Dremel Corporation to inquire and was told the product has benn discontinued.
It's good for edging and such.  But it is no good for cutting groves or if you want to square up a piece to trim an edge.  The dremel tool mount flexes too much and you end up with a really sloppy cut.  Use the router attachment and make your own table.  Do not buy this.  Shame on you Dremel. I've seen better tools from Playschool.
after which it rolled off the table, hit the floor, and broke the tip holder. It was my fault that it fell, but I didn't know it was made of glass.
I have both a corded and a cordless dremel tools and this thing doesn't FIT either one ? THE instruction says it will fit the cordless model i have ' but it'not even close ,seems like DREMEL changes the models so often ,nothing ever fits unless it's the latest model. Discusted !  THE OLD GRUMP
Change out different collets to fit different diameter Dremel bits? I  don't think so. You'll save yourself quite a bit of time, energy, and  frustration if you get the Dremel 4486 MultiPro chuck instead.The chuck  costs a bit more, but if you do projects that require constant bit changes,  it'll be well worth the money.'Late!
I bought this product thinking it seemed like a great idea, which it would be if it operated properly. It wobbles terribly at low speeds, so much so that I refuse to keep it on my tool because I am afraid it will be damaged with continued use. Other reviewers mentioned this problem, and I agree with them completely. It simply does not hold the accessories straight, and it is therefore useless to me. Not recommended at all.
First, I have to say that I purchased this item for use on a Black and Decker Rotary Tool.  I thought it would be inter-changeable.  I was wrong.When the Chuck was put on a Black and Decker rotary tool, it seemed to work-for a few minutes.  It began to vibrate so I stopped and tightened it again.  The next time I turned it on, it went flying across the room.Granted, I was not using a Dremel product and did not even purchase it with that in mind.  I have already sworn off all things Dremel, after over 35 years of on and off use.
Can't tighten enough without a tool.I gave up my small wrench for a pair of pliers or a rubber met to assist gripping.Without the use of these tools the bits come out while under pressure.
So, i have the dewalt 18v cordless saw w/ lithium batteries, brand new... i made a few 2x4 cuts and some 1/2-inch ply wood cuts and this blade started smoking the wood... it is a terrible blade.The 18tooth blade is terrible... and so is the 24tooth.... just as bad...I actually bought this pack and returned it... i thought maybe i just wore it out too fast... not the case... dewalt has a horrible product they put their name on.I was looking for a replacement here on amazon.  I found the Freud 24tooth blade for $10 shipped w/ amazon prime... WOW - the Freud Blade is AMAZING.... Do not waste your money with this dewalt saw blade....I can't believe dewalt has made such a horrible product with their name on it... I know its the blade that came with the saw, and its the starter blade... but to only make a few cuts is terrible!!!!STAY AWAY FROM THIS BLADE
I put them in my radio and the signal was weak.  I took battery out and put it in my battery tester and they read 'Replace'.  The date on the battery reads: 03/2017?  Disappointed.
The seller, eTailing, send me a pack of USED batteries that were in the plastic portion of a regular battery pack that was taped with clear packing tape with a home-printed label that says "Energizer Max Alkaline AAA Batteries, 24 Count  New".  Seriously?  I will be adding my photos to this product so you can see what they actually sent.  Avoid this one completely.EDIT:I cannot upload photos for this product or to this review.  If I can find a way to do so, I will upload them to hopefully save a future buyer some hassle.  I promptly returned the garbage that was sent.  It's a good thing I bought on Amazon.
I thought this was a great deal for Energizer AA Batteries, buy a 16 pack of AA for $12.32 ($.77 each) until I found Rayovac 48 pack for $25.30 ($.53 each). They also come in reclose able package so after you open the pack they do not role around in your drawer. My boyfriend uses Rayovac UltraPro at work, bought them at a contractor supply store.One of my students did a battery test and found all of them work the same. Comes down to price. Sign up for "subscribe and save" and get 15% off too. Because these are $25.40 you get Free Freight at Amazon without having to shop for more to hit the minimum.Here is the product link.Rayovac ALAA-48 UltraPRO Alkaline AA Batteries, 48-Pack
After the second day the nailer became inoperable.  The trigger cover would not depress the trigger.  I fiddled around with it for a couple of hours becoming more and more frustrated.  I remembered a review here about the safety.  I noticed a small metal flap under the trigger.  I don't know if this is a safety but this metal flap was not pushing the trigger cover.  I took a piece a wire and tied the flap to the cover.  This solved my problem.  My question...why should I have to do this on a tool I've had two days?My other problem.  In the box is a piece of paper that states call this phone number for problems before you call Amazon.  I called the number(before I solved the problem).  The only thing the Porter Cable person said was "why don't you return it to Amazon.  What do you want me to do?"  That's it.  Why have that flyer in the box.I will think long and hard before I ever buy another Porter-Cable tool.
Received product fast but box was very beaten up and re-tapped.  Was missing assembly instructions and a rod. Not worth retuning since the cost to ship back was 50% of the value.
I received the item very fast, Thanks to Amazons 2day free Prime shipping. Just recently used the Clic-change bit with one of the Phillips screwdriver tips, midway through the job the end of the tip cracked and broke, it is un-usable. I didn't use it in a manner that it is not suppose to be used and i take care of all my tools, was not thrown around and has been stored safely since it was purchased. I contacted Bosch and explained to them what happened and they basically told me to either ship the item to them at my own expense (which would probably be half the cost that i paid for the set) or send it back where I purchased it. Not even going to bother paid under $9 for the set, but expected it to last a little while. The Clic change bit is handy and convenient, but it feels like it will start to fail soon too. Its a shame too because i own several other Bosch products and was planning on purchasing more but this experience with the Bosch warranty service and its product made me decide to stick with other brands.
This bagger is worthless uless you want a lot of dust and debree in your workshop (and lungs) -- it collects almost nothing. Hook a ShopVac to the exhaust of your table saw.
Would get the same results if I tied on an old sock to the dust chute.Quickly clogs and becomes ineffective. Use a Vac or dust collector instead.
For pieces under 8", if you're pressing down on the workpiece, the zero-clearance insert has some give to it.  It's just not sturdy enough to hold the piece up.  For large pieces that are continuously also supported by the table, this is fine, but for small things, well, I've moved to using a table saw sled.  At some point, I'll cut new zero clearance inserts out of hardwood; this is one of those things that's best done yourself, but if you don't have a thickness planer, this is certainly something to buy.Updating my review: this is a piece of crap.  Make one yourself out of wood using the original as a template.  I just wasted an hour of making a cutting board; the last pieces were a 2" wide rip, and the lack of support on the bottom caused the pieces to vibrate and be very miscut.  *!@$!$!.
As stated in a few other reviews, a waste of money.  Plastic is flexible and does not provide support for small pieces.  Make you own from 1/4" plywood.
Ok this insert is beyond flimsy. It is extremely thin and does not stay flat. It flex's so badly that any small cut will cause the blade to bind and chop the edge of the insert, thus defeating the whole purpose of a ZERO clearance insert. Worse then any of that is if you are cutting a thin strip from the work piece while using a push stick the work piece can actually tilt to the side as it passes the blade causing serious kickback and jamming. To find a GOOD insert do a google search on "Bosch Zero Clearance Insert" and order one made from UHMW Polyethylene. They cost about $15 but last forever and are as thick as the metal insert that comes with the saw. The other option is to make your own from plywood, but be aware 1/4 inch ply is too thick for the plate. I used 1/4 baltic birch and ran it thru my planner to get an exact fit, then I had to rout the edges in a few places to get and exact ht on the edge. I did use the leveling screws out of the cheap plastic Bosch insert to level my plywood version. I hope this helps and if you do use this insert BE VERY CAREFUL!
I bought this to cut small pieces of wood precisely. The deflection was a problem. The normal insert has some as well (but less) which complicates the squaring of the blade process. I had the trouble of the normal insert marking my wood with its red paint, so I thought this might be better. It's much flimsier and comes with mounting screws to keep it in place. (It doesn't pop in and out like the factory insert). I have a crap blade I use to cut normal wood and a nice Freud blade for my more delicate work. So the idea of having to add the extra steps to remove the plate (and find a philips head driver) to replace the blade just doesn't make sense.
Way too flexible.  For cuts requiring downward pressure such as edge grooving rails and stiles, the plate deformation is unacceptable.  Better off making your own zero clearance insert if you can.
This thing is a toy. It has no place on a saw as well designed as the TS 4000.Pros- It is red.Cons-It is about as rigid as a blade of grass.It is molded from material that is about as thin as a blade of grass.It is impossible to make it level with your table because it flexes every time a board touches it.Every time my saw starts, it catches a tiny sliver of the insert edge.Bottom line- The best use for this thing might be as a template to make your own out of ply. Love my 4000. But, this insert is a waste.
It is a mystery to me, how Bosch can make such a fine table saw such as the 4100 and then come up with a POC like this insert. It is a flimsy thin piece that melts when you try to raise the blade to cut the kerf. It throws little melted chunks of red plastic all over the shop. If you try to use it as advertised it cracks. Save your money and buy the PW948 insert here on Amazon and sold by Peachtree for $16.99.
I looked at this and decided not to use it.  I've kept it as a pattern and made my own out of 3/8 ply.Anyway, dado blades are set to different widths, you need different inserts for each width, and this is just one width, too wide for many uses.
After struggling somewhat with fitting it and the dado blade to the drive, I decided it would be better to use it as a good template for my own homemade Insert.
When I was considering purchasing an air cleaner, I looked at the customer reviews on the Delta 850CFM unit, the JDS 750CFM unit, and this Jet 650CFM model.  The Jet won, mostly on innovative features (variable speed, remote control &amp; electrostatic filter).  I was however, concerned about the quality of the Jet.  First  because of one of the Amazon customer reviewers said he received this item Dead On Arrival and second because Jet quality can be quite erratic in my experience.  Well, chaulk up another D.O.A. for the boys at Jet and for the same reason as the other guy.  The machine's fan will not rotate at the 2 slower speeds.  When you hit high speed, it sounds like a jumbo jet.  Not good.  I'm not taking any chances with further quality problems so this is going back PERMANENTLY. I will get the JDS 750je model as that is always said to be a high quality unit.
The first unit I received was in a box that looked like it had been through a war zone.  The hardware bag, containing the remote and all other loose parts, was absent.  I contacted Jet customer service who did nothing, saying all was well, the unit was just a steel box with a couple of filters pre-installed and that was all I should see.  I explained that the owner's manual (as well as the product description) listed a remote, batteries, mounting brackets and bolts, etc. that were absent.  The rep said it was Amazon's problem and I should contact them.  I had dreams of actually talking to a human being at Amazon, explaining the issue, etc., but Amazon's customer contact firewall is strong and would not allow it.  I therefore rolled along through the website options until I reached one that allowed for a replacement.  The automated systems have worked very well, But it still would have been nice to talk to a person.  The replacement has arrived, all the parts seem to be there, and I hope it works.Please also note that I have received 6 items made by Jet over the past week and three have been returned for (in this case) missing items or (in the other two cases) gross defects in workmanship rendering the machine unusable.  I thought you should know.
When the UPS man delivered my saw, I asked him why the box had been opened.  The staples holding the box together were popped, and he had taped the box shut. When I unpacked the saw, I saw that the rear handle that locks the slide  was smashed, and the saw was unusable.  I have sent for a replacement.
So so so soft, can't do the job very well.Ended up having to replace this item with cheap ones that works better.
I bought these for the solo purpose of drilling holes in some 18ga stainless. I know to run the bit slow and use water to keep it cool. I was having difficulties with my normal used hss bits but when I switched to these and expected an improvement I got nothing. I finally finished the job with a chest and shoulder bruised like crazy from pushing so hard. The next week I ordered the Bosch CO18 set instead - what an improvement. I did more holes in less than 1/4 the time. The Bosch actually grabbed in and cut unlike Dewalt. Now I can be bruise free and drill stainless, thanks Bosch. Skip the Dewalt.
I got this thinking it'll make driving screws easier.  I thought that the "sleeve" would hold the screw while installing to make driving a breeze.  Well, the sleeve part is ok, but the attachment point of the screw head to the main shaft sheared off after just several screw-driving.  It happened to both of the pieces.  What a piece of garbage.  DeWalt should be ashamed to put their name on this product.
The product description states that it will fit "most" DeWalt cicular saws when it should state that it will fit "some" circular saws. Bad enough that DeWalt leaves out the rip fence from its 18v cordless circular saws. Got the short end of the stick twice with my DeWalt saw purchase first from DeWalt and then by Amazon.If you enter the DeWalt DC390 model number for the cordless circular saw Amazon returns this DW3278 which will not work with the DC390 saws. Not listed if you search on Amazon but actually sold and stocked by Amazon is the OEM Replacement Part #381091-00 rip fence which is the correct one for use with the DeWalt cordless circular saw.Amazon needs to fix their listing but accuracy is not a priority or even a concern for their product management people.
I used to buy Dewalt tools thinking they are going to last a long time without any problems. Not true and replacement parts are seriously overpriced. $22 for a piece of foam and rubber? I expected that at the price I paid for the Dewalt Sander that I should not run into any problems. I've had to replace the Seal twice and now the foam pad twice. I only use it for light woodworking and not that often either. I should have just bought Ryobi at 1/2 the price and would have been money ahead. I really think that with all the problems I've had with Dewalt tools and Dewalt batteries that somewhere along the way Dewalt decided to cheapen everything, live on their reputation for awhile and somebody pocketed the savings from switching to cheap parts and cheap designs. And by the way, this Pad is Made in China.
These do not cut that well, I used them on 1/4 in bolts and I gave up after breaking 2 blades on 3 bolts.  Went back to the 14 tpi multipurpose and did much better
I saw this product online and thought it would be a great addition to my fiance's saw.  When i got the box it was open and only had packaging material in and thats it!!! I had to re-order the product and pay for another one so i am one set less and like $13 bucks in the hole!! :(
I bought this adapter looking for something to hook my Bosch table saw and my Bosch router table to my Shop-Vac.  Unfortunately, both tools have outlets the same size as the large end of this adapter, and it won't fit.  It looks like this adapter is designed to hook a 2.5" shop-vac hose to a variety of small tool dust ports.  I needed something to hook my large tool ports to my small shop vac.  This adapter won't do it.
Go check out your big box stores before you buy this off of Amazon, I saw it for just a little over half the price!  I always thought that Amazon had competitive prices, but no longer!  I won't be so quick to buy off of Amazon assuming it's a good price in the future!  The item does work fine.
still waiting to received this item after so long. i only received the router bit set and 16 inch square after so much months of waiting. that rating is for not receiving the item
They do not adapt to a single power tool of mine.  Hard plastic,  inflexible and useless as far as I am concerned.
Bought this to hook my mini vac to my router table.  Does not fit the hose without removing the end; does not fit the vac port of the router table at all.
I purchased this several months ago and have used it quite a bit. I hadn't used all the chippers at one time until the other day. When I attempted to use the chipper I hadn't used before the hole is not round, its oval, so it doesn't fit on the saw. Next, one of the chippers broke. The blade part, which is welded on flew off. I mainly used this with plywood and used my Forrest for other wood. I have to say, there is no comparison between the two in quality and cut.**update**I still agree with my review but about a year ago I read an article praising the CMT Dado. I use them all the time and they work great and much cheaper than these things.
You can get this exact ladder at Home Depot for $69.  Save yourself some money ($68!!!)and go to your local Home Depot.  There are probably 3 with in10 miles of your house!
I bought this ladder at Home Depot for use around the house. I was very surprised how weak the ladder is...It says 300 pound rated but I did not feel safe putting my 185 pounds on the top step. It is cheaply made and weak. Wish I could give it a "0" rating. Is China the only place that makes a ladder today? Nothing in North America?I have given this ladder to daughter to hold a plant. It works good for that.But this one is only $11Metal Two-Tier Plant Stand
I feel I paid too much for this product.  It seems very flimsy. I think I could have gotten a much better bang for my buck with a different step stool.
The Werner add-ons were a LOT of work and require you to cut the ladder.I found this other product and installed it on a second ladder.  Far easier & this installation does NOT require you to cut your Ladder:  globalwholesalersinc Quick Connect Ladder LevelersThe Original Levelok ladder leg leveler and stabilizer enables virtually any fiberglass, aluminum or wood extension ladder to adapt to nearly any indoor or outdoor situation. This ladder leveler is sold as a PAIR, one for each side of your ladder, and will safe your ladder on anything from home stairwells to uneven terrain on job sites. Its unique, patented design can be operated using only your foot. This frees your hands to hold and position the ladder. This ladder leg leveler is precision manufactured from high-strength 6061-T6 structural aluminum (the same material used to build commercial aircraft). With its patented "Anti-Trip" automatic safety lock, this leg leveler exceeds every ANSI and OSHA requirement set for ladders up to and including Type 1AA 375 pound duty ratings.The pair of levelers installs on any extension ladder, with a leg width of 2" or more, in minutes.Improves ladder stability by increasing the footprint and leveling the stand.Used by Industry Trade Professionals where safety and dependability is a must.Installation does NOT require you to Cut or Mutilate your Ladder, like most other leg levelers.Safe ladder leg retractor only releases when the ladder is free of weight.Want to keep your original aluminum ladder's feet? Order model LL-STB-1SL. That pair comes with a longer bolt and extra spacers that will allow you to mount the leg leveler to your aluminum or fiberglass ladder without removing the original feet.I have no relationship to this company.
Not only are these expensive, but they are difficult to install.  You have to cut the feet off your ladder, drill holes, cut a rod to length.  A lot can go wrong.  Drilling a few holes in the rail is scary enough, but having to cut the ladder down seems like a big liability.  Not worth the risk or investment.
These mitts always slip off my ladder.  I had to buy a different brand that work much better.  These were a waste of money.
I would not recommend this item.  Overpriced and not dependable.  Used this item (turning off/on) under 50 times and it stopped working.  First the problem was sporadic then it stopped completely, and the warranty had expired.  I then purchased a $19.99 remote switch from Home Depot, have used it frequently over the past year and no problems.  Why spend $80 when you can get basically the same item for $20.
For me, it doesn't work any better than regular vise grips.  In fact I prefer using a large pair of vise grips instead of these.
I wanted 2 clamps and saw this listing which contained a picture of a 2 pack, but when it arrived there was only one clamp (in no packaging) in the box.  Now I see the other listing which has the same pictures but the details say it's a 2 pack - CONFUSING!  And the real 2 pack is slightly less than double the individual clamp so I'll end up paying more for the 2 I wanted.
I have never had any issues with Channellock pliers until now.These new Channellock 460 pliers have production changes, They made the jaws wider which is good. But now the jaws do not line up together. In the closed jaw position one jaw end is longer then the other, And the jaws are shifted offset side ways.I have two other pairs of Channellock 460 pliers that I purchased about five years ago, The jaws line up perfect even after being used for years. The jaws have maybe 1/32" of side play and they work 100%. The jaws are about 1/8" narrower then these new production 460s, But at least they are aligned when closed.The visual difference is; The new 460s are flat on both outside surfaces. The good older production ones are flat on the small side, On the longer sloted side the flat side of the jaw is ground inward about 1/8".The new Channellock 460 pliers are junk!! even the rivet is not staked as tight,leaving excess slop and side shift.If you care about pliers lining up on the sides and ends of jaws,Don't buy these. I care about my work and excess marking on surfaces I work with, And my hands getting injured.I contacted Channellock by phone and email with pictures,They do not respond.I purchased one new 460 from Amazon and when received it has these defects, Amazon was very nice and replaced them with another new Channellock 460.  The second Channellock 460 pliers are exactly the same,The jaws do not align on ends or sides.It is too bad to see a tool go backwards in quality.
This stuff wasn't flexible at room temp - It may be ok, at 90&#8457;+ - but, I wouldn't bet my life on that.
I'm giving this item a poor rating because they're describing it incorrectly and pictures are incorrect. The first bullet point says it has tipover sensor for a tree, this would make it a safety feature. This item definitely does NOT have a safety feature, its just a button on a cheap cord.The image shows the item has a light, but the item I received does not have one.Without the light or safety features this switch doesn't serve a purpose to me. My original reason for buying the item was because I couldn't see the light-switch in the dark. The item they shipped to me doesn't have a light.If you look at the customer images for this item, you'll see the item i received.I have done some research, and found that this brand(Ho Wah Gentin) has stolen the image from thisWoods Extension Cord with On/Off Foot Switchitem.
I bought this based on the positive reviews here.  I was let down.1  The stand is junk.  If you were to set it up as it looks in the picture, it would fall over (because the center bar would be lower than the legs).  Basically, unless you have the sleeve completely lowered, and the legs completely out (farther than shown in the picture), the stand is useless.  Using it in any other configuration is meaningless because the center bar is too low (thus the legs don't all touch the ground).2  Once this unit heats up, the lights droop.  Basically, the nut that you use to choose the angle gets hot, and then the light goes with gravity--- down (regardless of how tight you crank down on the nut).  I've only been using the light for 3 hours, and I've had to reposition the lights 6 times because they keep sagging--- and I'm making it as tight as I can humanly possibly make it.  It's just a downright flawed design.Yes, the lights turn on when you plug it in, but other than that, this thing is complete junk.  DO NOT BUY IT.
I bought a 4 pack of these all keyed the same, either on my Amazon account or on my wife's account.I put locks on two 20' shipping containers I own and didn't touch them for about 3 months. When I went to unlock the locks, I discovered they were stuck shut. Rain water had entered the locks and somewhat frozen them with rust. Rust streaks could be seen from the weep holes in the locks. With some coaxing from tools and WD-40, I got them open.I thoroughly drenched them in WD-40 inside and out and worked the mechanism with the key back and forth, back and forth to exercise the mechanism. I put them back on and now that I open and close the locks more frequently, they stick less, but still don't operate smoothly. I put the keys into the locks and they wont turn without cussing, jiggling, and sometimes resorting to needle nose vise grips to grab the shackle and coax it along. That's not easy on a lock designed to minimize your access to that shackle.I'm an engineer. My impression is that aside from the rusting, the construction is also at fault. the shackle scrapes along the inside of the lock and the friction is what I'm trying to fight by turning the key. Add just a bit of internal rust and the increase in friction is tough to overcome with the key alone. Not wanting to twist the key off, causes me to reach for tools. Thank goodness, I'm tool rich.Very disappointed in a brand that used to stand for quality.BTW - some joker shoved a round toothpick into the weep hole on the back of the lock and then broke it off. Jammed one lock to where I had to cut it off with an angle grinder equipped with a cut off disk. I had to cut the lock body off since the disk couldn't get at the shackle. Good thing I have the tools, or else it would have meant getting a locksmith or someone with a torch. Incredibly poor design.UPDATE Oct, 26 - I just twisted the key off inside the lock trying to open it. Had to take an angle grinder to the lock body to remove this useless piece of junk.Update Jan, 6 - I twisted off the keys to the other locks. The complete set of 4 I purchased are now in the trash. Master has produced a product so worthless as to be termed junk.
I've tried every kind of round Master Lock for my eight outdoor storage units. All of them have the identical flawed failure. I live in Minnesota. We get a lot of rain, freezes, thaws, re-freezes. Water accumulates in the bottom of the locks. They cannot be turned. I've tried the de-freeze sprays, but they fail to penetrate solid ice. The only way to unthaw them is to use a propane torch. Definitely NOT for outdoor use. Even now, they are warped from the freezing. Very difficult to open/close. Anyone know of something better out there for outdoor use?
Becomes so hard to lock only after three months of use.I now have to insert the key into it, turn and lock.Disappointed with this Master Lock purchase.
I have used one of these locks for an outside shed for 3 years and only now its starting to stick even after lubricating.  However I have had 3 other of this same lock at a beach house.  While not exposed to salt water directly they are exposed to salt air.  The first lock failed at 5 months (dials froze and even after adding lubrication would not move).  The Second lock failed at 6 months (could not close hasp also tried lubrication).  The third lock I lubricated every two months and was able to get 11 months before the hasp froze and would not close.
I've used Master locks since I was a kid in grade school back in the 60s. The name "Master Lock" until today stood for quality, dependability, safety, durability and ruggedness.About 15 years ago, I purchased 5 of the "set your own combination" padlocks made by Master for use on gates here at my farm and for tool boxes. These locks have stood the test of time outside in bad weather, dust, Texas heat, and are still giving me great service to this day, which is why I ordered 5 more here on Amazon.My new Master Locks arrived today, 12-7-2011 and I was eager to change the combinations from 0-0-0-0 (as I have done in the past with my original MADE IN THE USA Master Locks) to the same combination as my older Master Locks. As I examined the shorter locks (I got one with the long hasp and four with short hasps) I noticed the short ones were no longer housed in a bright brass case, but now came in a regular steel case that was spray painted a dull black. When attempting to set the new combinations, two of the short locks and my long hasp lock none of them would allow me to re-set the combination. Two problems (that I can determine) why these locks won't allow this...#1. The small "key" for resetting the combinations that now comes with the lock is so thin now, it is not durable enough to twist inside the access hole to re-trigger the tumbler. The cheap key bends when attempting to turn it 90 degrees. Those darned folks in China, now they are even skimping on this little key!#2. The rotary wheels on the new locks, do NOT click into place on the back of the lock (like my old Master Locks) where the numbers are suppose to align-up with a indentation where you dial the numbers. The "slop" in the action on these new locks is so bad, it's probably the reason the tumblers won't set when attempting to rotate the key. I spent half and hour trying to set the combination on three of the locks and I gave up. The tolerances are not as good with the Made In China Master Locks as the fit and tolerance as my old reliable MADE IN THE USA Master Locks.This is the first time in my 5 year relationship with Amazon that I am returning a purchase. Up to this time, everything I've ordered has been acceptable.These new Master Locks are no longer made in the United States (by craftsmen, like my older Master locks) and when I inspected the packages this afternoon, I confirmed my suspicions where they came from.After nearly 50 years of being a loyal Master Lock customer, I will probably not ever buy one of these poorly made locks from them again. I'll be looking for locks made here in the USA.I should have known when they switched from a durable brass housing to a cheaper thin-walled steel case that looks like it was spray-painted with a can of Krylon, that the executives of Master Lock decided "cheaper is better." And indeed, "cheaper" also means "ADIOS Amigos," it was nice knowing you Master Lock in earlier years, but not now.
As everyone else already mentioned, and I clearly should have taken note of, this lock is junk.  I bent the cheap key trying to set my combination.  Apparently, the trick is you have to push it in really hard before turning it.  You can't just push it in and turn it, you need to use force. Also, this is brass as depicted in the picture.  It used to be a brass lock, but now it is just a cheaply painted gold color.
Count me in as another user that couldn't open the Master lock (#177, same mechanism as #175) after it had been outside for a little more than 1 year (bought it on Oct 2008). Yes, I wrote down the combination and it worked several times before. It was used to secure my circuit breaker box which is on the outside wall of my garage (go figure why the builder don't put it inside!) I only opened it when I had to reset a circuit breaker that was tripped and last time I successfully opened the combo using my written combination is when I had to turn off the breaker to replace my kitchen ceiling light fixtures. I was surprised when I cannot open the lock the other day (to reset a breaker) using the same combination that I have always been using. Needlessly to say I am not happy with the thought of additional expense and inconvenience of hiring a locksmith to open this malfunction lock...Then I had an idea to look online for help and found out how easy it is to pick this lock if you happen to have the right tools (paper clip or a thin piece of metal). I tried the paper clip method for about 15 minutes and gave up. Then I found a video clip using a thin piece of metal and bingo! The lock opened right up after trying for about 10 minutes... I have never picked a lock before and definitely won't try to pick one that is not mine, and you shouldn't too. This is way too easy even for an amateur like me! I can't believe it! What's the point hardened steel and all these security feature to prevent cutting, prying when all you need to open this lock is a paper clip or a thin piece of metal? This lock's internal mechanism is the same as the Master Lock Model #175 and it looked like this simple lock picking method has already been discovered since 2006.  I can't think of any good reason why Master can't come up with a new design that can resist this type of picking in 3 years!  I definitely won't be buying another Master Lock again!
This is a terrible product.  Unlike almost every other "set-your-own" combination lock out there, you cannot just depress the shackle and set your combination.  You have to have the "reset key" that comes with the lock (it is the same key for all of them).  Like I need some tiny key to have to keep track of in my life!  Also, when I tried to set the combination with the key, some mechanism inside broke, and I was never able to set my combination.
Had this saw several years but it doesn't see much use because it vibrates more than I'd like and a good Japanese hand saw does a better job on most things.  I was just using it with a metal blade to cut some aluminum channel and it pinched for a moment before the pin simply sheared off. That's quality?
I really enjoyed this clock for the couple years I've had it, but the numbers are fading and I can no longer read them on the ceiling. In Addition, Oregon Scientifics' customer service is lousy. They won't respond to emails on the web site and when I visited their store at Bridgeport Village in Portland Oregon the guy working there was extremely rude. I doubt I will replace it. It's still working as an atomic clock, but the projector is useless!Oh, and the alarm buzzer is really obnoxious and gets faster and faster the longer it takes you to get to it to turn it off. If you want to wake up in a frenzy, then this is a clock for you :oO
The concept is good, but the product simply does not hold up to use. Mine broke after about 100 staples. It is tricky to disassemble and always fails again after a handful of staples. This is one of the worst tool purchases I have ever made. My advice is to go with another brand, as Arrow clearly does not mind selling an obviously flawed product. If you have an air compressor, look at pneumatic models.
Mine says Balck and Decker on it and is a piece of crap.  If you use in the vertical position, say stapling insulation to a stud wall, the staples fall out.  I threw mine in the trash.  Get a Makita rechargable power stapler.
PRODUCT ARRIVED ON TIME AS PROMISED - ITEM SMELLED LIKE OIL - THE OIL SMELL WAS EVEN MORE NOTICEABLE (A LOT MORE) WHEN RUNNING - PRODUCT HAD ALMOST NO SUCTION POWER IN ORDER TOO FILTER THE SURROUNDING AIR - THIS THING IS A REAL JOKE...!  I HAVE OTHER VACMASTER PRODUCTS SUCH AS A WET/DRY VAC 12GAL AND IT WORKS GREAT - AS THE OLD SAYING GOES, BEAUTY IS IN THE EYES OF THE BEHOLDER...GUESS, IT APPLIES TO THIS ITEM AS WELL...!  I DID RETURN THE PRODUCT...!
A brand new Freud 3/8 router bit just exploded on me. RPM approx 20k. Going into 9/16 of Ash. No knots, no nails etc. I called Freud and they asked me to reuturn it for them to see what the matter was. In the meantime, wanting to get on with the job, I purchased another one - thinking that last one must have been a fluke. I used a piece of Alder to get the depth set right, and to test the cut. To my horror it exploded again. Using a Porter Cable 890 plunge router. Bit tightly chucked. I did notice - prior to use of both first and second bits that there were slight notches in the cutting edge. They were very symmetrical so I thought they were part of the design. I don't see them on the pictures in Amazon though.
I will begin this review by stating that this is my only disapointment with Freud brand Bit's to date and I would rate it a negitive 1 if it was an option . The first issue is  that the over all height is short by a minimum of 1" to use with any kind of sled or carriage to safely guide the front and side drawer pieces. Freud warns to collet the bit a minimun of 80%, and I agree. But with a mere two inchs in length and half of that securred in the collet, there is not much height left to work and adjustments or clearences. The remaing height between the top of the collet and the top of the bit will barely allow the use of 1/2" stock. Don't even think about 3/4" material or working with safety jigs such as a sled or a vertical carrage. To use this bit without a sled or a carrage is awkward at best and dangerous just the same.The second issue is that Freud does not include any set-up min / max suggestions.Finally, do not....use this with laminated stock such as Baltic Birch or red oak plywood.  Any cross grain cutting will ruined the material.I will eat this experience (time, raw material, purchased price and shipping) and the bit will forever collect dust unless Freud will accept it back. I will go back to using reliable pocket screw and glue methods for now and seek more dove tail education.Jim Jones,Rochester NY
I was thrilled when these arrived in the mail.  The price seemed unbeatable, and they fit securely to all of my standard bits.  However, the metal in the hex screws is very soft, and after only 1 use the heads were completely stripped -- making these stop collars completely useless.I was using these in a fine woodworking application.  But perhaps if you just wanted to use them as a guide for drilling into drywall, plaster, etc., then you could secure them less tightly to your bits (and thus, hopefully, delay stripping the cheap screws).
I got these thinking I'd use them all the time in my shop.  Well, the very first time I went to use one, I found that the supplied hex key didn't even fit into the screw in the drill stop. Seriously, if you're going to supply a hex key with the product, make sure it is one that fits. After finding one in my own allen wrench set, I tightened the stop down gently. It loosened and slid up the drill bit during use. Note that I had about 15 repeat-depth holes drilled, all inaccurately by this point.  When I went to release the stop and go for a piece of tape on the drill bit instead, the hex screw seemed to strip out. The steel is so soft, that the gentle tighten that didn't even keep the stop from moving up the drill bit was enough to completely strip out the hex insert.  what a joke.  I just wasted several dollars on junk. I can't find replacement hex set screws that small in a hardware store.
I am no wizard when it comes to circular saws but I simply cannot keep this blade from kicking. I use a powerful, top quality Porter Cable saw and have aligned the base plate parallel to the blade to within .001&quot;. I have verified that the blade is perfectly flat and that each of the massive, beautifully polished carbide teeth are razor sharp and properly positioned and have even measured the total run out of the blade as installed on my saws arbor to be within .001&quot;. I always use firmly clamped straightedge guides - a Tru-Grip for rips, and a c-clamped triangle for crosscuts. I try to keep the stock well supported and am very conscientious about supporting the waste and ensuring that the kerf does not close in or strain apart.  I maintain a steady and appropriate feed rate yet roughly 30% of my cuts end up kicking. The blade binds somehow in the kerf and tears the wood to pieces in a violent explosion of red Teflon coated splinters.  It occurs mostly when cross-cutting but also somehow with rips and plywood trimming! I don't know how this is all possible and for quite some time I refused to believe that the blade could be the culprit, focusing instead on the saw, the material, and most intensely, my technique. But time and time again, when I mount my old...Irwin Marathon 40T blade, I get perfect cuts every time with no exceptions whatsoever. I hope that someone else will add their experiences with this blade because it is a major source of confusion for me.
Nice exterior build.This device depends on a slightly bent interior rod eventually finding a hole to "snap" into. I got a lemon..... the rod is straight...every time I try to use the punch, the interior rod slips effortlessly into the hole...hence NO SNAP! The snap is what imparts the punch impulse to the device.....  It works perhaps 1 time out of 20. Useless! Too much pain to return. Whatever happened to quality control?
I used it twice. The second time was to show a friend how cool an automatic centre punch is... and the tip broke right off... he laughed at me!!!Don't bother with this one - move on!Returned for refund.
I usually write favorable reviews for the products that I purchase from Amazon. But, this time, I must warn prospective buyers about the Generall Tools 87 Pocket Automatic Center Punch. I bought two and used at least one of them. That one, after just a few punched dimples broke near the point and fell off. Frankly, it scares me when I think of buying anything bearing the General Tools brand.May I suggest an alternative? Buy an Empire Level Automatic Center Punch 2720 from Amazon. I have had one and used it for nine years. Not only has it been durable, but, with a ball-shaped upper end, it is MUCH more comfortable to the hand. Compare that with the potentially painful top end of the General Tools 87. And the Empire Level Automatic Center Punch 2720 costs significantly less.True, the General Tools 87 has a very narrow point, which is sometimes needed. If that is what you sometimes require, buy an ice pick. I did.Buyer Beware. Forewarned is Foreamed.
I should have known better than to order one of the cheapest center punches that I could find.  After I took the punch out of the package, I did a test punch, just to insure that it worked without any problems.  For the initial punch it did work, albeit a light punch.  It was not until a week or so later that I went to use the punch again, and this time it did nothing, no matter how I adjusted it or how hard I depressed the punch.Do yourself a favor, purchase the Starret automatic center punch that Amazon has listed.  It will provide you with a lifetime of trouble free service.
This  tool is a classic case of Junk made in China. The thing was worthless; The "automatic" mechanism would not work. I sent it back and got a refund.
The magnetization I got from mine is weak....very weak. It will do little to help keep a screw on the bit I tried to magnetize. Pathetic.And you can't tell from the photo, but it's only about an inch square. Keep looking.
Not sure what they were thinking, but this magnetizer is pretty useless. An ordinary screwdriver does not fit, only the smallest, thinnest ones. So I don't know what else you'd use it for. I threw it at a raccoon who was trying to steal my sandwich; it was good for that.
made of plastic and not accurate at all.the head is floppy so no way to get it right.  might was well just freehand.
In my hasty Christmas shopping I didn't read the description well enough and assumed that this bag had cables and tools included similar to other items on amazon for a similar price.  The photos are completely misleading.  Just be aware and Amazon.  Please make it more clear that this is just the bag and doesn't include tools.
It is smaller than I imagined, looking at the pic, comparing size to the size of the cable clamp.  The zipper opens it up all the way like a clam shell.  It would be better if only the top opened making it easier to put the cables in and out.  The center divider is attached only at the bottom and has a mesh zippered pocket, and several small pockets well suited for screwdrivers, which I don't need to keep with my jumper cables.  Just like the extension cord bag, the handles are thin and floppy compared to the bag.Update 8/7/12.This is now made with a single handle zipper which means you HAVE to open it up all the way.  The older one came with two zipper handels so you could zip both open slightly to slide out and in the cables.  This minor change to save, what $0.05, makes a big difference.
I just paid under $4 for an identical bucket from Home Depot.  Now, if the BB version had a molded durable and comfortable handle, it might be worth The $10.
I purchased this hammer-drill from Home Depot about three years ago for about $140. I used it sparely to hammer drill 5/8" diameter x 3" deep holes in concrete slab. During the past three years, I hammer drilled approximately 8 holes. Today, while hammer drilling the 4th of 7 holes, the drill began to emit smoke. Then the drill gradually quite altogether. This is quite unexpected of a Milwaukee Heavy Duty hammer drill. Has the quality of Milwaukee tool declined to the point where its hammer-drill can't even drill a hole as it is supposed to do? Not wanting to repeat history, I decided to swith brand.I decided not to go with Dewalt as I heard it's another brand of Black of Decker whose lousy tools are a complete waste of money if you used your power tool on a daily basis or on tough jobs. I learnt it at the school of hardknocks. Porter-Cable, a legacy brand, is over priced and has suffered quality decline in recent years. It's probably no better than a DeWalt. While I've never purchased a Makita tool but used one on several rare occasion, I came away not too impressed with its toughness. I decided on a Bosch HD19-2.To finish the job I purchased a Bosch from Lowe's with a 2 year extended warranty--just in case history repeats. The Bosch appears to be better-built than the Milwaukee but looks can be deceiving. During hammer drilling, my senses tell me the Bosch operated cooler than the Milwaukee. It hammer drilled the remaining holes as I had hoped the Milwaukee should. I'll keep readers updated.
Do not buy because of needed in an emergency the wall thickness of the sockets is too narrow and will crack rendering the socket useless
This was really crappy, the case won't stay closed, the sockets were rough.I guess it worked technically but it was not a great experience.I ended up donating to goodwill.
I know this is only 10 bucks and I was certainly expecting cheap and cheerful. But this beats all standards of a poorly made product. The blow molded case is a disaster - nothing fits in its place. The ratchet is the cheapest I have ever seen and the sockets themselves are very poorly finished. Comes with duplicate sockets - one each for quarter inch and 3/8 inch I believe. A simple 3/8 to 1/4 adapter would have sufficed, but that's an entirely separate design issue. I would never buy this again, even for the low price.
When I received my item I discovered that the ratchet mechanism did not work. It was locked in both directions and thus useless for what I needed it for. Additionally the case, both inside and out, seemed dirty and low quality. It seems to be hit or miss but I would recommend going with a better quality set.
I bought these in the hope the tools might be useful in spite of their very low price of about $12.  However, the cheap quality and poor finish make them nearly useless for the most basic things around the house or shop or car.I didn't even bother to return them.  Don't waste your money on this socket set.
Well our friends in CHINA have turned out another CHEAP CHEAP product! Sockets fall off the ratchet and extension with the slighest movement. Socket walls are so thin I am sure they would split with the lighest load! Bought this to carry around in the trunk of my car...I should have known better! Avoid this one! Amazon refunded my money right away and did not want the set returned.
The only good thing about this is that the case holds things just well enough if you close it quickly and hold it tightly, it makes it feasible toss the whole thing in the trash at once.  The sockets are 'not quite right' in size.  Pretty close and mostly usable but not quite right.  Then there's the ratchet...which doesn't ratchet.  Might get one turn out of it before it locks up.  If the sockets attached to it or the extension properly, it would still almost be usable.  But they don't.  I am a firm believer in you get what you pay for but this is something that would get rare use to assemble things like furniture and a ratchet isn't exactly a high-tech device.  Honestly, I was expecting more low quality as opposed to no quality.  I can't recommend enough that this be avoided even if you have the very minimal use case in mind for this and thinking that it &#34;can't be that bad&#34;, I assure you that it can.
I was given this set by a friend as payment for a favor.  The yellow handle broke off of the driver the first time I used it.  I tried the sockets and two of them cracked while I was using them on my car.  The ratchet is flimsy, poorly finished and has sharp edges on it.  Don't waste your money on this set.  Spend a few more dollars and buy a Craftsman set.  You will get better tools and help an American keep working since C-man sockets and ratchets are still made in the USA.
This image shows that the tools are big and could be put to use. The real tools are small, the largest could not even open the wheels of my bike. Beware, right now i don't know what to use it for
I bought this over a year ago to remove interior door paint. I have tried it a few times, but have not had good results. The price is cheap, but so is the product. I would not recommend this product at any price.
I've had Milwaukee tools in the past - all great.  Tried to defrost a snow thrower that had frozen with impacted snow from a deep snow fal with this model gunl.  This gun puts out virtually NO AIR FLOW!  It warms to what seems to be an adequate heat, but you have to put the nozzle almost up to or touching the frozen snow, for it to have any melting effect.  You must work along very slowly, inch by inch, to complete the job.  Took me 3/4 of an hour to do what should have been done in 5 minutes.Although my hair dryer doesn't get as hot, it surely blows far harder than this pathetic &#34;gun.&#34;
At one time I was a finish carpenter and owned professional grade hinge templates that did all hinges at one setting.  Unfortunately, these got damaged and I'm not in the trade anymore so I bought the earlier model just for an occasional job.  The new appears to have the same problems.  Many are listed and all are aggravating and reflect on a poorly designed and constructed product.  Make your own and stay away from this styrene monster.  Mine broke and became useless before I had cut the first hinge.There are plans on the internet but all you need are a five inch wide piece of ply the length of the door, a couple pieces of scrap wood nailed on one side to accommodate the thickness of the door you are using and a 2-3 duplex 5d nails along and a pair of pan head sheet metal screws.  I'm assuming you have a router with a template bushing already.  Simply mark out the hinge size, adding 1/8" all around and cut it out.  The trick is marking it in place.  Put the top of the top hinge 7" from the top, the bottom of the bottom hinge 11" from the bottom and the other centered between.  The hard part is cutting them out with a saber saw. The scraps nailed on the back align you left and right for the right door thickness.  The duplex nails are pre-drilled and hold the template to the door edge.  The pan head screws go in to the ends of the template.  when you do the jamb, the screw head holds the cut down from the head so you have clearance.  One in both ends of the template for L or R swings.  When you route the door, ignore the screw, holding the top of the door flush to the template. The cutout for the template is the tricky part but once done, you will have a template that will do three hinges with one set.
Close up picture of the tool is similar to the style available 5 years ago, except that the nails are loose, not held in their holes.  The pictures of the guy using the tool show an entirely different design, so what tool do you actually get?BEWARE  Any review older than 2010 is likely to be worthless if the tool has been re-designed.
You get what you pay for. Only one out of 6-9 will fit if you're lucky and when you only have few minutes to join boards, you'll wish you had spent the extra cash and bought Lamello.
The Bosch 1617EVS is an attractive router package; however, Amazon is unable to deliver on it! Don't believe the "ships in 24 hours" claim. I've ordered the item on December 31st and since then I've been receiving "delay in shipment" notices. The one I received today promises me that I will not see the ordered router until the March time frame. Should I wait, they ask? Unfortunately, along with the router I've ordered several accessories. All of the accessories have arrived, but not the router. Do I wait? Do I cancel and return the accessories? Do I postpone the projects for which I've scheduled the router based on Amazon's false delivery date promise? What would you do? Go to Home Depot and buy a router that you can feel and touch and take home with you?I've been shopping with Amazon for many years and this is the first major let down on their part. Has Amazon outgrown its commitment to its customer base?
Not sure where to start. I ordered 2 of these in advance of some long cutting I need to do. The legs are not parallel to each other, thereby causing it to be unstable. The rolling top doesn't roll very well. I suppose if you added a little grease, it would work better, but why bother. I ran a board across it and the board just dragged across instead of rolling and moved the whole stand since there's very little friction between the legs and the ground. I can see this easily damaging the board. The knob didn't hold height very well and the whole contraption had so much give I highly doubt it could support very much weight. This is simply a poor product. Don't order it. Not sure how much clearer I can make that!
First one I bought the "Tool activated" switch did not work i.e. the vac came on even when tool (Dewalt router, table saw or miter saw) was not on. OK, maybe a bad switch or something I thought.Returned it, next one SAME THING! Called PC they said "we can said out a new switch" so there it remains in my garage unused. Also bags fill up VERY FAST and are $$$. Don't think about using vac w/o bags because it is a mess to clean out.Ultimately the vac sucks, but not in the good way.
I have owned this tool for years, over 5 years in fact.  Although it seems like a good idea, I seldom use it. Almost never in fact.  It is all but impossible to carry around, and it is also hard to store.  If you put it into a drawer it may get dented, and if you just put it out on the bench it can be harmed as well.  How does a person carry this thing around?  Bottom line, you have to find a way to keep this close or it is useless.When measuring anything this tool is OK, but not great.  It really measures no better than other measuring tools.  If you do not have a special pencil with a .05 lead it is hard to mark through the little notches in the tool.What is excellent about the tool is the fractional markings.  You do not have to count little lines, the measurements are marked with the exact number (Like 15/16th).  Other than that the thing has little value.AD2
Just one of life's little annoyances. Lived with this cheap little rattletrap for about 18 years. Replaced with a 1 sone unit that moves 110 cfm, a big relief. This is the fan you buy and install for someone you hate.
The package itself shows that this blade is NOT for cast iron or hard tile. I bought this product to cut through a piece of aluminum channel. Took probably 45 minutes, which was far longer than it took at the metal yard. They did it in about 2 seconds. I like my sawzallFactory-Reconditioned Milwaukee 6538-821 15-Amp Super Sawzall Orbital Reciprocating Saw with Casequite a bit and eventually I got through the channel, but I expected way more out of the blades. I don't find them all that special. Oh, and this might be painfully obvious to most people, but just in case, do NOT use them for wood - they will make a huge mess out of that.I still have two out of three left, so if I find a good use for them that I would recommend, I will post it. By the way, the package says that these cut:FiberglassBlockMasonryPlasterCeramic tileThe two items shown that they specifically are not able to cut are:Hard Tile (Grade 5)Cast IronThe one that is supposed to cut Cast Iron and Hard Tile (Grade 5) is the diamondMilwaukee 48-00-1440 Sawzall Blade 6" Diamond GritandMilwaukee 48-00-1450 Sawzall Blade 9" Diamond Grit
This is hardly an improvement they fit the flash light but I should have saved the time and money and purchased a 5 dollar led light instead of replacement lamp.
When I ordered this bulb I expected to recieve whats pictured but when it arrived I received some LED bulb. Now normally I would probably be pleased to get an upgrade for something, but I needed the bulb pictured not an LED bulb. To make matters worse, the LED bulb i got is quite dim and is a complete waste of materials, technology and money. I've used LED bulbs in Maglights before and was generally pleased with the results, but what I got was a cheap quality product. They should have just told me its no longer available.
I advised amazon that their picture was not representative of the item they are shipping.  The Item is a modified replacement with an adaptor you must cram in the flashlight housing, the bulb is a two pin wire and a new retaining screw on collar.  They told me &#34;No change is required for the picture associated with this item.&#34;  I guess even Amazon has knuckleheads working for them because what you see is not what you get.  If you want the original style bulb, then do not order this item.
The vendor did not send the bulb as advertised but rather a little bulb with wires sticking out that had to be installed. I am stuck at home with an injured shoulder that made this very difficult to do. Besides, otherwise I wouldn't have ordered it and paid shipping. Once I finally got it working it only lasted a week. It was too much trouble and I didn't want to spend any more money on it so I just said forget it. However, I did fill out the Amazon request to rate the vender. To my pleasant surprise Amazon contacted me and refunded my money including the shipping.
Come On!  These are sanding discs - it's their job to make dust.  Why not call them Mirka 23-615-AP Gold 5-Inch 8-Hole DUST-MAKING Hook-and-Loop Sanding Disks?  Boo!
This is my second HOT-1. They just do not last - each less than a year. I am not going to make the same mistake again.
I bought this for my dads leatherman. It was to small. You have to really look at the demensions when buying. Not all leathermen are the same size.
The mandrel used for this wheel has only a screw to hold the wheel to the mandrel.  Consequently it tears away as soon as you touch the item you are cutting.  I had a masonry nail in a chimney wall where a picture once hung.  I thought the easiest way to deal with the nail was to cut it off with a cutting wheel.  I touched it as gently as I could and the wheel went flying.  Useless!
I HAD TO SEND THESE BACK AS I ORDERED THEM AND THEY DID NOT FIT THE MACHINE I THOUGHT THEY WOULD I DONT KNOW HOW THEY WORK
If you're cutting metal, you'll have to pony up for the metal discs which are CRAZY overpriced and STILL don't last. Someone's got to invent a lasting disc that guys who need hi RPM precision cutting (not angle grinders) require in our jobs. I've spent years looking for the perfect disc, these are just about the worst. They're great for tiny little jobs like if you want to cut a toothpick in half. That's bout it.
Uh huh, I know they are supposed to be used gingerly- only at the edge... But when cutting at dremel RPM's - on any but the lightest materials, these fail.I mean, come on.. Who is cutting things with a dremel, in which you dont apply some sort of pressure? (Which usually sends the disk into several fragments)My dremel came with a pack of these and I spent more time screwing these things on the holder than actual use. Which sucks.Unless you are making tissue paper models or cutting whipped butter, get the reinforced disks, or the full fiber disks. In cost / time comparison with ANY other cutting disk, These are useless. Even the super cheap "off-brand" diamond wheels cost less, cut more.
20 of the wheels? took 19 to cut a single bolt head, off they break instantly even if they are looked at wrong.
Anyone with a set of Dremel bits probably got a little tiny cup of this stuff with it.  It's good that they include it in buffing sets, but as a separate refill these are insane.  When I ran out of the included cup about 15 years ago, I went to my nearest home improvement store and got a tube of it which was about 6 times larger for the same price.  I still have it.
Having read the other reviews here, I am very leery about this particular product -- and vendor.  It if comes sealed in a Dremel package, fine, but if not, this is bootleg and of bootleg quality.
I got this bit to cut/route some simple shapes for a bracket from a piece of 18 gauge sheet metal.  It says it will cut through hardened steel etc. but it is not good for that at all.  It will only be effective with very thin or soft metals.  If it has such a difficult time with plain sheet metal I can't see how it could work at all for hardened steel.  It will NOT work with a drill press as one reviewer suggests as it has no point and is not made to plunge.  It needs to cut from an edge or through a drilled hole. Also it is a 1/8 shank so it did not fit my new trio model though I expect there may be an adapter available my local store did not carry one.  It would probably be OK cutting through thin or soft metal. In comparison an EZ 406 cutoff wheel was not great but several times better at cutting the same metal than this bit. I am actually changing the material to some .063 inch 6061 aluminum to see if either of my dremel tools will cut well enough with the softer metal. So just don't expect this to cut through any hard or thick metal, it is for light duty only.
I hate this thing. It's over priced and flimsy at best during use. Avoid it. I have found the cheaper Chinese diamond engraving bits to be 10 times better.
I purchased 3 Dremel tools last year, and ordered extra brushes so that I would be able to change brushes and continue to work.The brushes are still in the package, since none of the tools lasted long enough to change the brushes.
This product did not work for me.  I obviously did not get a good fit, or the product wasn't what I thought it was.
You'd be far better off buying an old plane off of eBay.  The old toolmakers wouldn't know what to make of this pathetic imitation of the true quality that was their standard.
Save your money on the plane tune up books and buy a decent tool. This piece of garbage is not worthy of the stanley name. They used to make fine tools (pre WWII), but now sell unusably poor scrap that is a disgrace to their heritage. The castings are hopeless, and the blades are worse. No amount of filing or sanding will eliminate the chatter marks because the blades are too thin. The blade alloy will not hold an edge and chips with the slightest use. The plastic knob and tote are deplorable. The blade adjuster has more slop than a hog farm. Lie-Nielsen makes the finest planes on the market, and if you want a satisfactory plane, you'll buy one there.
I hate it for many reasons.  Basically, it's a sorry excuse for a plane.  And you don't have to be a &#34;tool snob&#34; (a term some of the other reviewers used) to see that.I didn't buy mine; my wife brought one home from a yard sale, to my considerable consternation (let's just say she won't make that mistake again).  The plastic handle (which the description euphemistically calls &#34;polymer&#34;) was cracked and the wife got the thing for $2, which I thought was still too much. A little test on our glass coffee table showed that the sole wasn't flat (and still isn't, since I don't see the point in bothering to lap the sole of a worthless plane).  The iron and frog are flimsy affairs, if you ask me.  The weight was pathetic.  My guess is that these are churned out in China along with a lot of other cheap tools.For a little more, you can buy an antique Stanley plane with a rosewood handle and genuine quality.  NEVER buy cheap tools, you always regret doing so because they underperform and/or and you end up having to replace them.
I bought this because it was cheap, has good reviews, and seemed like a quick and easy way to maintain the edge on my knives.  Boy was I wrong.  This makes a dull blade a bit sharper, but it is nowhere near what a good Japanese wet stone will accomplish.  It's also not nearly as good as the scary sharp method of sharpening knives, which I find produces razor sharp edges.  What this WILL do is give a blade micro-serrated edges that HELPS to cut through things.  But, it will not create edges that will slice through things.  What I mean by this is you will need to handle the blade in a sawing motion to accomplish a cutting task.  Whereas, a really sharp blade will slice through something without the need to saw.  That, to me, is the true litmus test of a sharp blade.  And this sharpener will not accomplish this.
Seems to pit the knives quite a bit.  Tried to use it in place of a steel, and it just doesn't seem to work all that well.  Went back to my electric wheel sharpener.
Trust me, if you have blades you truly care about (which is probably why you're considering buying a sharpener) you do NOT want to use this cheap sharpener on them. The carbide teeth really 'rip' the blade more than they do sharpen it, so yes the blade gets sharper but it's a dirty jagged edge. You'd be much better off with the Lansky 5-stone system or the Smith's TRI-HONE. Yes they cost a little more but think about how much you spent on your knives and it's probably a small investment in comparison. All I can gather is that all the people giving this thing 5 star ratings don't really know how to sharpen a knife. It doesn't take much skill, especially with a setup like the Lanksy. Please, if you care about your blades, don't buy this!
Use this for a knife that's cheap and you don't care about! Won't set an edge that will hold or be worth any thing for using! Glad I tried it though. Re-affirms my belief all my great knives should be professionally , if not sent back to the factory, for sharpening as needed. All knives need sharpening at some point. I guess oil and a whetstone still work best ,for the laymen, in my opinion.
All this so-called "sharpener" managed to do was turn decent but worn edges into ragged, gouged crap.  Don't waste your money.  Get a real stone sharpening set instead.
I don't know if it's the angle that this product creates, or what, but my knives go dull very quickly after using this sharpener.I bought this sharpener based on the reviews here on Amazon. And the first time I used it, I was impressed: a few swipes with the sharpener and my Cutco knives seemed to work great. After a few days, however, it became obvious that the sharpness does not last long. After sharpening a knife with this gadget, it seems good for the next cutting job, but the next day, it feels like a hacksaw and I find myself needing to use the sharpener again and again.I'm back to using my flat stone. A few swipes on the stone and my knives stay sharp for several, even many, days.If you can't use a sharpening stone, this might be better than nothing--barely.
I cant believe all the good reviews on this. I bought it based on the reviews and dont get it. This thing is junk. Ok, it sharpens slightly better than dull, but thats it. It also leaves a really rough chewed up edge. I tried it on thin kitchen knives, a pocket knife and a hunting knife. Same results, junk!
I bought this to conceal a Cat-5 wire running through a hallway. The product itself works fine - width is just about right for a Cat-5, HDMI or other similar gauge low voltage wire (don't use this for a power cord, VGA, etc). The problem is the way it's built.Firstly, getting the cable through it is very hard. My cable was already run, so i couldn't just thread an end through, rather i had to &#34;press&#34; the existing cable through the narrow opening in the wiremold. it was a bit hard to get the wire in. but much harder was snapping the wiremold closed - that took a ton of force and left me with 2 sore thumbs for a day.Honestly, this stuff doesn't have to be designed to withstand an earthquake. making it a bit &#34;flimsier&#34; would make installation much easier, and probably save the manufacturer a few bucks also.
I bought this about 2 years ago to detect a leak from my water heater.  Well, today I noticed wet carpet outside the closet where the water heater is but no alarm had gone off.  I pressed the test button and it went off as expected.  I then set the sensor in a pool of water and nothing.  I Replaced the battery and tried again. Nothing.  So the product doesn't do the one thing it's designed to do.  Look elsewhere.
This is a poorly designed product with nonexistant quality control.The design is poor because you have to disassemble it (2 screws) to open the unit up to install/replace the 9v (not included) battery. This is simply a pain, there is no reason you should have to take a device apart entirely, there could have easily been a battery door or compartment that is accessible without tools.  This also causes trouble with putting it back together, if you aren't very careful, you'll pinch the cord to the sensor and likely break some of the wires.I had the unit in use for about 6 months before it started beeping about every minute. There was no water leaking or full alarm going on alert, I assumed it was a bad battery. Seemed odd to me after just 6mo in standby mode with a good quality new battery (I even used the special long life lithium smoke detector battery), but I replaced it anyway. In my install, it's hidden in a crawlspace under the stairs near an air handler and condensate pump, so it's a real pain to get to. After replacing it and sealing everything back up, the beeping started again.  The unit has "gone bad" after just 6 months, never even having gotten the sensor wet.  Very disappointing, I'd send it back and demand a refund, but the shipping would cost more than it is worth.I'll be looking for a better quality product, even if it costs substantially more. Avoid this one, it's not worth it's weight in postage, and I certainly wouldn't count on it to save you from property damage.
In our 30 years at this home we've had 3 basement floods. The last one was because the sump pump switch stuck. This seemed like a good early warning device but I'm disappointed. It's really pretty chintzy and the alarm cannot be heard upstairs unless you're really listening for it. It will not attach to a sump pit, so I just dangled it in the pit on it's wire. It does set the alarm when water contacts it, but unless I lengthen the wire it's not doing much good. At least it didn't cost too much.
This did not work from day one. a waste of money. The return policy make syou eat the cost.
I bought a number of these for the obvious reason of providing emergency lighting in a power failure.  Regrettably, most of them were defective and didn't work at all.  It would be a useful device were it not for the sloppy manufacturing.
I had this POS installed less than 6 months before it started going off randomly at night for no reason. I checked the batteries with a tester, and they are fine. I'm staying away from Kidde.
It just doesn't work.  You either should have frictionless table or frictionless plastic on a guide.  It doesn't move smoothly at all, it doesn't keep your angle to the stone constant. I had it for a while, total waste of money. I myself used Razor Edge and Lansky systems-they do work.  This one is total gimmick.
Since making the transition from mostly framing to mostly finish (and working on huge houses with tons of stairs), I figured I'd get a compressor that weighed less than 60+ pounds... I had never seen this P/C compressor on a job but it looked perfect for what I wanted- just something that would keep up with a finish gun.It appeared to be a nice, light package, but it ran forever, got really hot, leaked (oilless?), smelled like it was about to fry and as nearly every other reviewer has noticed, it is REALLY LOUD. I sent it back before it crapped out, no thanks.A cabinet installer showed up with the same model and the same complaints. It's a good idea but doesn't work - perhaps at lower elevations it might (job in question was at 10,000'). In addition, although it seems a lot of people review the P/C nailguns favorably, I've seen more of them thrown out windows & hurled at floors (by the younger guys) and sent back over and over for repairs - than anything else. Save yourself the headache - get a Hitachi framer / Hitachi or Senco finish gun.
Update:  Started to have problems after about 1 year.  Would only work some of the time.  Does not have the range that it used to.  Would only give it 2 stars if I could change them.Previous Review:  This product works great.  I tried the type that you put close to the existing bell, and they did not work.  This Lamson product worked like a charm - even with walls in the way and an 80 foot distance.  I purchase an extra chime receiver, and put it in the workshop outside, and it works!
Measures Voltage only.  This is no way to check a Battery's state of charge. Buy something like "Delkin Devices DD/BATTEST MULTI RoHS AA/AAA Battery Power Tester". This Tester Rocks!
I used to count one ironclad gloves, but for the last three years or so, the quality of workmanship has fallen off dramatically. The stitching between fingers unravels well before there is wear to leather portion. They look cool, and fit well, but if they come apart, they become dangerous around equipment.
As many other reviewers have stated these gloves fall apart. I went through two pairs in short order when the "washable" synthetic leather literally disintegrated, the material stretched way out and holes showed up everywhere in the material. Lasted less time than much cheaper gloves I've owned.For a heavier glove I've had better luck with Ironclad's Icon line which seems to use a more durable synthetic for the palm.
I should have read the other reviews more carefully before buying!I am a homeowner/handyman, and I used these gloves for about 9 hours of light demo before the stitching in one of the fingers started to fray.Before they started disintegrating, I had no problems with the gloves.  They were comfortable, the grip was good, and I enjoyed the good tight fit.  I found they gave me the dexterity to do things that I couldn't do with my regular cheapo work gloves.  I did find myself having to take them off every once in a while for tasks that demanded a little extra dexterity, and in those cases, the wriststrap/tight closure was kind of a hassle.  But if the gloves had held together, they would have been worth the price.However, given the way these have held up, it is unconscionable that these items are being marketed as anything other than disposable!  Save your money!
These are very small for a x large.. I have big hands but these are ridiculously  small I have used other gloves that are x large that fit fine ...now I have to pay 4.55 to return insured/traceable to get my money back ...
Very disappointed, I bought these on 12/10/2012 and have used them 9 days as a stagehand. the velcro that closes the left glove came unstiched, I resowed it myself and now the right one's falling apart. these are complete tommyrot, do yourself a favor and don't buy them.
after three weeks of purchase, wearing them for only 3 1/2 days of continuous use, the stiching started to come apart. these gloves are a complete waste of money. i normally buy the blue vinyl gloves and they last 4-6 months of continuous use, unless i abuse them or use in a circumstance i know will tear them. but better the gloves than the hand. with the blue vinyl gloves, i can pick up a washer on a concrete slab. i've also bought leather gloves for 11.00 and cut off the fingers i use most often, just like the ironclad gloves offer. leather feels better than the ironclad. these gloves are just a gimic-gadget, not a quality, durable product, at least that has been my personal experience.
Like listening to a rodent fart. You won't hear it if there's anything between you and the alarm. 95dB is wishful thinking. Go to a Hallmark store and put one of the beeping greeting cards about 100ft away. If you can hear it while people are talking around you than this product might be for you. Calling it an alarm or even an alert is a long stretch of the imagination.Definitely no need to worry about it waking the neighbors, or even yourself if you're asleep. Good concept. Pathetic execution.Going back to Amazon. Very dissatisfying purchase.
The one thing you will find is this product works well until a bulb burns out. Something happens to the electrical load and it burns out the unit. Happened on both units.
Like one of the previous reviewers said, this product will probably not work in most lamps.  In older lamps, the entire metallic housing that the bulb screws into is exposed, allowing the two contacts (protected by the two tabs) to contact.However, with most (if not all) newer lamps, the metallic housing sits inside another housing, usually made of plastic or ceramic. So when you screw this product in, the two plastic tabs hit the plastic/ceramic housing on the lamp and prevents the two contacts from contacting your lamp's metallic housing.It's a little bit difficult to explain, but trust me, once you buy this and find out it doesn't work, it's easy to see why.
Did not go all the way into the socket, and did not work as advertized.  A call to the MFG resulted in no return calls.  This unit was to replace an older model that plugged into the wall.  I suggest they go back to that model.  We have two of the old style, one of which died, and newer model was supposed to replace it.  If you look at the base, their are two wires that are supposed to make contact, however if you have a paper inside, that will not allow it to work.
I had this on a garage door I didn't open very much. I used my birth year, figured I wouldn't forget that. I hadn't opened the lock for several years, but it was exposed to weather.Today I opened the lock, but it did not open at the original combination. Luckily It popped open while I was spinning the last two wheels to get to the correct combination and I was able to remove the lock. Now it will not open at either the correct combination or the one that did open it.I'll be taking a Dremel to it to see what went wrong and have a SesameSesamee Keyless Padlocks Sesame Brass/Steel Shackle Padlockon order.
Count me in as another user that couldn't open this lock after it had been outside for a little more than 1 year (bought it on Oct 2008).  Yes, I wrote down the combination and it worked several times before.  It was used to secure my circuit breaker box which is on the outside wall of my garage (go figure why the builder don't put it inside!)  I only opened it when I had to reset a circuit breaker that was tripped and last time I successfully opened the combo using my written combination is when I had to turn off the breaker to replace my kitchen ceiling light fixtures.  I was surprised when I cannot open the lock the other day (to reset a breaker) using the same combination that I have always been using.  Needlessly to say I am not happy with the thought of additional expense and inconvenience of hiring a locksmith to open this malfunction lock...Then I had an idea to look online for help and found out how easy it is to pick this lock if you happen to have the right tools (paper clip or a thin piece of metal).  I first tried the paper clip method for about 15 minutes and gave up.  Then I found a video clip using a thin piece of metal and bingo!  The lock opened right up after trying for about 10 minutes...  I have never picked a lock before and definitely won't try to pick one that is not mine, and you shouldn't too.  This is way too easy even for an amateur like me!  I can't believe it!  What's the point hardened steel and all these security feature to prevent cutting, prying when all you need to open this lock is a paper clip or a thin piece of metal?  This lock's internal mechanism is the same as the Master Lock Model #175 and it looked like this simple lock picking method has already been discovered since 2006.  I can't think of any good reason why Master can't come up with a new design that can resist this type of picking in 3 years!  I definitely won't be buying another Master Lock again!
Have returned this item for a replacement because it only came with 2 keys.  THE PICTURE SHOWS 4 KEYS.  I described fully what the problem was and Lo and Behold, the replacement only had two keys.  It appears that customer service does not read what the problems are when they receive a return.  Have to return this for a second time.  What a waste of time and money!
These work in the broadest sense of the term for a few openings and then you will roll to the same combination you've always used and the lock will refuse to open. No amount of jiggling or repeating series of numbers will open it and you will finally have to CUT it off. I have had 5 of these Master set your own combination locks in 2 different sized models and have had to cut every one off eventually. Chinese junk!
I just purchased the exact same ones from a local department store. The size was perfect except that the locks are very delicate. I was using them on a hard-sided case with enforced lock loops (pelican 1510). They fit perfectly, leaving very little play, keeping the case shut and almost no opening for prying the case open to access any valuables inside.From a little stress test of lifting and torquing, the locks proved to be very easy to break through. Took me about a minute of twisting the locks moderately to bend and break them off the case, leaving the locks deformed and useless.I would not recommend this lock for protecting anything valuable. For traveling with your clothes and toiletries as a deterrent (anything of little value, easily replaced), sure... but if you intend on protecting anything like camera equipment or electronics from being stolen, I would not recommend these.Note: there is a small scale of 1-10 of how secure these are. The packaging rates it at 2, but it is probably more like 0, seriously. Maybe 1...
Put this lock on your bags and watch this demo how to open your luggage if you're a thief. Google OPEN LUGGAGE PEN and watch the YouTube video. Bet you now realize what happened to that valuable thing you thought you packed for your trip but can't find it when you arrived. This kind of thievery has been going on for years and the luggage and lock manufacturers don't tell you. Maybe you're better of using small plastic stay-ties which you or the TSA cuts off. Take several of these next time you travel AND do loop a second stay-tie into the first one and attach it to the top handle so no one can close the zippers if they open it illegally. Lewis N Clark makes a nice metal cable Lockdown Triple Security Lock for this purpose. Yes, Amazon.com sells this for $12.99. Yes, is is TSA approved, but that might not be so good if they use their "five finger discount" keys.
The drums won't stay on the rubber holders unless you really tighten them. If you do that then the drum bubbles out in the center and makes it hard to get a straight sanded side on your stock. It was bad enough that I purchased an osculating table sander.Tim
First, note the date on the reviews.Next, compare what they are asking for these to what they are asking for newer versions with better filtration.For less money, you can get a newer version with canister filters that have agitator paddles.  The canister filters out down to five microns. This means more of the fine particles, that are the most dangerous to us, are not trapped and dumped back out into the air, which the 30 micron bag does.
Part numbers 903370 & 903369 are ill engineered and are discontinued!  They are plastic pivots which define the machine side of the fence hinge.  The fence is sharp aluminum and it cuts/shaves the pivots.  Porter Cable is now owned by DeWalt/Black&Decker.;  They are offering the DeWalt DW682K as a replacement for $152.00 if you bring your defective Porter Cable 557 to a service center and offer it as trade in, but the DW682K can be purchased outright for $169.00 without trade-in!!!!  DO NOT BUY -- DISCONTINUED -- SAY NO OR YOU WILL BE SORRY  !!!!!
Type 2 Porter Cable 557Bad design:  With fence folded up the portion surrounding blade isn't flush with fence..Poor construction: plastic baffle ring between motor housing and gear housing self destructed after limited uses.  Didn't even outlast the original blade.
I have had it with this tool.  First I couldn't remove the cutter, the allen wrench actually broke; then the cheap fence broke.  The local PC repair shop  replaced the entire tool.  Now one year later, I can't remove the cutter again.  Poor design; shame on PC.  Buy the Lamello.
Purchased this router from warehouse deals. It was used, but listed in good condition. The first problem is that there were no collet wrenches with the router. The listing didn't expressly say they were there, but a bit of a disappointment anyway. I then tried an edge bit in the router and the run out was so bad that the router shaft must be bent. There was an inspection ticket with the router supposedly saying that the router had been thoroughly checked out, but obviously they didn't check the shaft. Had to return the router. Amazon was a delight with the return. Extremely easy and convenient.
This saw has been rated pretty well. Although myself as well as a couple of other people here seem to have noticed the same problem.When you lock the table anywhere, the table flexes up in the front. It just pushes right up. All of the Dewalts do and non of the competitors do. The knob applies pressure directly to one point and bows both pieces of the aluminum up and down. The wider the molding the more tapered the cut. So regardless of how excact your marks are the cuts will be off.I got the Porter Cable 12&quot; laser. Dead on accurate, no flimsy table.
I concur with the reviewer that labeled this saw "junk". After mapping out the room for crown, I proceeded to make my cuts. then came installation. I've hung miles of this stuff, how could I be off so much? Oh well, just go and recut. What is this? When I tighten the table knob the front end rises? My ego felt sooo much better. I've checked many since, I even showed it to a product rep. on a brand new out of the box. She was dismayed and swore to tell the people up the line. Right. But what the hey, it's your money buy one, heck get a couple for the wife and kids. It gets worse the more you use it...
I am so tired of finding my favorite tools now being made in China! These pliers are sub-standard quality, poorly made, and just as expensive as the original USA made good ones! Look elsewhere...maybe you can find one MADE IN THE USA somewhere!
This requires a neutral. Make sure you have it set up this way before you buy this switch, or have easy access to add additional wiring.
This thing is junk and Amazon should not crap lie this to be sold to it's customers. It won't work with a ceiling fixture that also has a ceiling fan. It does state in the instructions &#34;not to be used with electric motors&#34; but it doesn't state that in the description of the product. It won't work with compact fluorescent bulbs. And with an incondescent (sp?) bulb I have to stand there while it dims to &#34;off.&#34; Who would want to wait for a switch to dim before it shuts off?
I bought two of these switches to control two sets of security lights...one set by the front of the house and one set by the backyard. The objective was to add a layer of security by allowing us to turn the lights on at night from the master bedroom. Currently, the front lights are controlled through a switch by the entrance door and the backyard lights through a switch by the patio door.Installation was simple. I know my way around electricity and didn't encounter any installation issues, except perhaps with the position of the antenna. The switch for the patio door is installed to an outside wall, which has spray-on insulation. In order to insure the thin wire antenna is extended, I had to poke a hole through the insulation and push the wire through. Because of the limited space of the electrical box and flimsy antenna wire this was not as easy as it appears. Another issue is that the presence of any metal next to the switch can interfere with the remote signal. My whole house is constructed by metal framing, so it's very difficult to keep the switch away from metal. However, after trying different settings I got the switches to work...or so I thought.After completing the installation of both switches, the remote seemed to work just fine adjacent to them. However, when I tried to operate them from the master bedroom, they worked intermittently. Took a while to find a spot providing consistent operation...and of course, not the location we wanted. Yet, up to that point, we were satisfied; at least we had three way switches for both sets of lights and felt more secure knowing we could turn the lights on from within the master bedroom.However, three days later I'm trying to turn the backyard lights on and they didn't want to come on. Trying pressing the wired switch up and down and nothing. I grabbed the remote control, and after a few tries, the lights came on. I then tried to turn the lights back off and encountered the same issue; it took many tries to turn them off...with either the remote control or the wired switch. Then I tried the one by the front door and it did the same thing. Removing the switch and repositioning the antenna didn't work either.Perhaps the metal framing in our house had something to do with it or maybe there are other interferences, but even if those were the cases, such expensive product should still be able to work with some adjustments. My other concern is that the switches worked when first installed, why not three days later. I like products that work from the start and do what they are engineered to do without so many restrictions...this product is not one of them and I don't recommend it.
The swith fits too tightly into a standard wall mount box. I had to file the box down to get it in. Unfortunately the box was so tight that the antena wire got caught between the switch an the box.  It shorted out and destroyed the switch.  I now have a $27 hunk of plastic. Don't try to mount this in remodel box.  In fact I would not mount it in any metal box as the metal acts like a shield for the signal from the transmitter.
This broke within a few weeks of using it. Dont buy it. It's a waste of money. Believe me I know
these are bad for your house.  they allow moisture in to your house which causes mold.  it you have build-up of moisture on the windows then you have a problem.  If you hook this to a gas drier then you also get carbon dioxide in your house.  if you really want moisture in your house then don't use the fan when you take a shower. you shouldn't need more humidty in the house if you cook, bath and breath.
The level sent to me was not an empire level and is one of the cheapest made levels I've seen in my life. Its yellow plastic and is 2 halves that has to screws holding it together. Not the aluminum one that is described above.Cost more then its worth to send it back so I'll just throw it away, piece of real garbage, thanks for nothing Big Ten. I won't buy anything from you again nor would I recommend your company or products.
This is a low quality inset.A cheap casting.End up getting stuck in saw table from painted sides.Ours broke in two down the middle.Either save your $ and make your own from MDF or plastic, or buy something in the Betterley class of inserts for about $80.
My husband bought me a Delta Unisaw 4 years ago.  A few months ago, I noticed that the insert was harder and harder to remove.  Recently it was stuck so bad that the only way to remove it was to use a screwdriver, which bent it beyond repair.  Rather than spend the money for a new one, I will just use my zero clearance inserts.  For the cost of this table saw, you would think Delta would have an insert that is more durable than this one.  I also have some issues with the saw, but that's another review.
When you fork out the big bucks and get your first "real" table saw (in my case a left-tilt x5 Unisaw) you expect everything to be right.  Everything seemed to be in alignment out of the crate and not much fussing was necessary before I was making short work of anything that came through the saw.  I'm a stickler for tuning everything to square, and every time I thought I had achieved it I would find the occasional out of square cut.  Finally after many hours of rechecking and test cuts I found the culprit: the standard Unisaw insert from Delta was not flat. . .  During my next trip to the local Woodcraft store I checked out their floor model Unisaw and found the same dip toward the blade that mine had.  Though I had wanted to get a zero-clearance insert, it bothered me that I had to get one if I wanted consistent cuts.  Not only does the Unisaw come with a "throw away blade" but at least some come with a "throw away insert."  C'mon, Delta!!
I received this unit, took it out of the package and it was bent, and twisted,....not a chance of laying flat on my Unisaw.  I returned this insert and purchased a Betterley insert.  Compared to this insert, the Betterley is a real work of art.
I drilled exactly 11 small holes with this thing befor it fell apart. I was installing cabinet door closers for my kitchen cabinets. I can't imagine this product holding up under any significantly heavy use if it couldn't withstand that.
These cheap item snapped during the first screw I tried to fasten. It broke off where the flex part meets the part that inserts into the drill.  Maybe I should not have flexed it so slightly.  I do not recommend this product.
This is the second one of these that has broken on me. If you are looking for extreme flexibility but only very light duty work, this might be OK.
It comes shrink wrapped after a cardboard box the plastic wrap is extraneous and lasts longer than the few metal parts of the rod which has fell down 3 times in one month, the last one i had broke when i stressed the cheap plastic threaded tension rod so I'm worried about breaking this one. The finish scratches very easily as the shower hooks are already wearing the finish off. I would not recommend this product. I'd bite the bullet and go to Bed Bath and Beyond where you can return any item with no questions as long as you have the receipt. The fact that Amazon supports the Fascist oppression of free speech & Wikileaks is one more reason to shop elsewhere and if you can't at least buy a better shower curtain rod.
These are extremely weak if you need to swing a heavy door. I have a solid wood door going into my basement and two of them can not close it completely, and yes I adjusted the tension to the max.  If you are using it for a hollow core door they may work. Anything other than that, these are useless. Use the Everbuilt spring hinges which work great but require a little more work as you have to replace the whole hinge rather than just the pin.
Sorry Stanley but this product failed my expectations. I installed this product to the door leading to my garage. I could not think of any other door I could use this for so I proceeded with my installation.  My door has 3 existing hinges and figured that the weight is no longer a factor since it is suspended and swings freely.  Once installed, you would have to adjust the spring tension for your door to swing shut.  After several adjustments, my door would still not completely close.  I noticed that I could no longer make additional adjustments because the exposed spring on the top of the hinge started to buckle up.  I did not have any other options but to remove it.  It took me several hours installing and removing.  The pin that goes in the hinge became stuck and had to improvise ways to get it out in order for me to reuse my own hinge.  I thought of sending it back but installation/removal made it not reusable and left me no choice but to throw it away.
I used TWO of these on a normal weight door to my basement, and as many of the reviews say, it closed to the point where the door was near the latch, but didn't actually swing it that last crucial centimeter.I'm going to spend the twenty bucks and get a real door closer!
I could use it for 2 rivets and than it didnt pull anymore.It's a pity because the swivel head is a great idea.
Get a Malco 2 in 1 riveter, you won't regret spending the money. This is the worst riveter of the dozens I've used. I can't believe something like this even got out the door of quality control. Were they trying to build a tree ornament? Because it sure doesn't hold up to any riveting.
purchased this to recover my chairs. Was not aware of the lip on the end, which makes it impossible to use on any flat surface. Also not easy to load.
I used this staple gun for tacking tar paper on roofs.  After two roofs it went bad.  Now in order to use it you have to drive in one staple and then hit the top a second time to advance the staple.  Two strikes for each staple.  Tried putting solvent on it but nothingcorrects the problem.I finally found out what the problem was. I loaned this tool to a friend. While he was using it he dropped it on the sidewalk and slightly bent the front. Pushing it in so that it would bind on the mechanism. I took a flat punch and hammer and hit the front bracket from behind pushing it outward. It now works OK. It doesn't bind anymore. Only a few thousands of an inch was needed.
Come on!  Fine grit?  Fine grit you claim?  This grit was mediocre at BEST.  Why would you call it fine?  Boo!
It appears that Scotch has redesigned their winning packing tape and totally ruined it. Have been using their tape for years and it has been outstanding. Bought a new roll today to send a boxed package across country and spent over an hour trying to get it taped up enough to hold together. This NEW stuff will only stick to itself; it absolutely will NOT stick to a cardboard box. Finally, after using a half roll of this stuff on a 15"X12"X12" package by wrapping it around and around, I HOPEFULLY got enough wrapped around it to be able to get it shipped. Will know tomorrow when I take it to UPS and see if they even accept it.If you get a roll of this that advertises "20 Times stronger", be aware that it has changed drastically, and NOT for the better. The tape may be stronger but the adhesive is practically non-existent when it comes to holding a package together, unless you totally encapsulate it in tape.
Way too thin.  It doesn't stick all that well to the cardboard.  I'm having to double tape everything to make sure it doesn't open.  No amount of adjusting of the dispenser seems to keep this tape from curling back onto itself.  It's not a bargain when you are throng out bunched up tape and having to use twice as much to assure adhesion.  I won't be buying this again.
I used it on a pellet stove vent pipe and I had to seal over the edges of the tape with high temp silicon sealant after I found ash was blowing out around taped joints. Useless on flue pipe joints that never exceed 200F. High temperature flue tape? Not this one!I did clean the pipe with acetone before taping the joints.
I purchased this charger to put life back into some of my old batteries for my 18V batteries from DEWALT.  It would not even charge them much less renew the life of the battery.  Returned the item for a full refund.  Company was good about refunding my purchase price.
My batteries finally died on my older cordless screwdriver of the exact same model.Rather than pay $50 for new batteries, I decided to pay a few dollars more for the screwdriver with the batteries.Turns out they have "improved" the trigger switch.The newer switch doesn't pull near as far as the old one.And the variation comes at the end of the pull ... like the last 1/4 to 1/8 inch.  It's really weird.And sometimes nothing happens when the trigger is pulled.And finally, the slider that reverses the rotation and locks the trigger easily comes out of position and you end up trying to pull a locked trigger.  I suppose I could have gotten a bad one but I don't feel like trying again.I returned it.  Time to look for another model.
I had my Dewalt screw driver only a few days and accidentally knocked it off the work bench. It landed on the hinge and broke in half. The local Dewalt service center would not cover this under warranty. I have now switched over to Bosch.
Total Junk. Won't cut through drywall! Seriously, what doesn't cut through drywall. The most accurate drywall cutting tool is still the sawzaw or somthing like it. Don't Waste Your Money
I purchased about five of these for use on different tools. Initially they looked good, but in use they are annoying and end up breaking. Most other commercially available featherboards for table saws are better designed, better built and cost less! I am surprised other reviewers rate these so high, I suspect the ratings are given before much use.1. The black plastic knobs that you use to tighten the featherboard in place capture onto a nut head. The largest problem with these featherboards is that it is easy to strip the black plastic knobs when they are tightened, allowing the plastic knob to turn freely on the captive bolt.2. A better design would ensure a more positive capture into the miter track by having both black knobs works to lock the split aluminum bar into the miter slot, in this design only one of the knobs does this. Which BTW is the one that strips as above, since you have to tighten it enough to stop the featherboard sliding in the miter track.3. The black plastic knobs are small and feel cheap, other commercial featherboards have larger knobs that are easier to tighten.4. Also after using them for a while you've start to hate the non-parallel bolt slots that the featherboard slides around on. Most other commercial featherboards have parallel slots and these are easier to adjust.Amazon has wooden featherboards and the Grip-tite model available, both are much better than these. Also Rockler makes a good $7 table saw featherboard that is a much better product.
I thought these would replace my spring clamps, which are sometimes too strong for small jobs. However, the Handi-Clamps don't provide enough clamping pressure. I returned mine. I would recommend the Quick-Grip bar clamps, they are just as quick to use and can provide a large amount of clamping pressure. I use them on almost every project.
Looking at these, you would think that they should work well, but they don't. They have no clamping tension and cannot be tightened enough to hold anything firmly. If you need a clamp that fits loosely, these will work. My recommendation is to keep looking for another product.
Not enough pressure.  No mechanical advantage applied to work.  You might as well use your hand.
Pressing the yellow button no longer releases the blade on mine. Blade removal was always difficult, requiring several tries, and now the blade cannot be removed no matter what. I think the yellow blade removal depressor is made from an inferior plastic that is not up to the job. When it still worked, it was inconvenient to use, as removing the spare blade took one compartment opening and replacing the in-use blade took another step. Both involved plastic parts that were difficult to use and prone to failure.Like so many imports, it was nice while it worked.I replaced it with a Kobalt 50074. all metal utility from Lowes. It is all metal construction and sliding one button opens the knife for blade change and access to the spare blades. It also fits my hand much better.
I'm quite mechanically adept and couldn't figure it out.  I can't believe that Stanley handicapped this product and their brand by not doing a better job on the instructions.This review gives great instructions on how to change the blade.  http://www.amazon.com/review/R3MG0YO1V5ELTD/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B000051WTG&nodeID;=&tag;=&linkCode;=
Just received this knife.  It jams very easily and the blade is hard to install.  Opening the handle to get at the stored blades is cumbersome as well.  Needless complexity.  I have to get a band aid now, gotta go!
I finally threw mine in the garbage yesterday, I didn't even consider selling it on a garage sale. It is the worst utility knife design I've ever had,,, and I go back to the old style with the screw in the middle to remove for blade changes. The blade is stuck in it now, I can't slide it in or out nor can I change the blade. I tried the tips in these reviews, I've tried a vice and pliers, nothing moves the sliders. It just simply sucks!!!!!!
I use the word nailgun loosely because it actually has to fire nails to qualify. I bought this gun brand new and right out of the box there were serious problems. Primarily with the fact that I have to depress the nose so many times to even get this thing to fire once. I have the framing nailer too, so I know these guns have to be cleaned. Right out of the box though, there should be no excuse for this. Don't waste your time or money on this piece of junk.
All the same problems everyone else has had, except after my Paslode refurbishment it began shooting nails out of the bottom of the nail holder (about an inch from the tip of the gun).  This is not good at all.  I had high hopes for this tool and I really wanted it to work.
This is the second supposed pro series gun  I've owned.  The first started sticking between shots and wouldn,t countersink in hard woods.  I'm a finnish carpenter by trade and while this gun preformed well for about 3 months.  I had to keep it on turbo setting almost all the time at 110 pressure.  So after returning that gun I got another, this would have been my 4th Senco gun.  The second gun started having trouble sinking 2" in hardwoods and I started running it in turbo.  In  6 months the second gun started leaking air at the head.  I noticed the piston head was badly marred and scored at the retainer sleeve and was causing air to leak.  I'm currently taking it to the repair center as Senco cust service won't send out replacement parts.  This gun has not stood up to the rigors of professional use and should have its XP designation revoked.UPDATE 10/21/08  After seeing a newer model of this tool in a tool store recently I reopened an old wound and rembered my non-setting piece of trash shoved under my workbench unused for the past 9 or 10 months and decided to try and get some justice for my purchase of this tool.  Called Senco direct and got a great customer service rep and they are sending me a brand new gun, newer model, hooray Christmas in Oct.  Will post how the new model works ASAP.  But kudos to Senco for standing behind what was probably just a lemon.
Before anyone claims I did not follow directions.  Wrong doors where inside heated to 70 f,  They where clean and precisely measured to the specifications in the instructions.They went on easily, instructions are included.10 hours after installing they are both falling off therefore a ZERO or a one as far as the rating goes.  Pure garbage.
These are probably very good door sweeps but they are too short for the opening under my doors to do any good. Thus the low rating. I haven't installed them yet because it will take an extension to make them work and I'm lazy.
useless
I'm pretty fond of DeWalt...but blades on the countersink don't last long.  Bits don't last long.  I've had the best success over the past 10 years with Ryobi's version.
Totally ripped and fell apart within the first five minutes of use.  Do not purchase.  A real disappointment.  The Porter-Gable polisher is great, but the pad is junk.
I previously used a Sebertool M4 multi-tool for EDC for about 15 years.  I carried it openly on a belt keyring and despite hiking, camping, house renovations, attic crawls, crawlspace dives, working under cars, etc.  I never lost my original, despite its unorthodox and seemingly unsecure carrying mode.I also used it to assemble furniture and work on smaller components on cars.  I actually have seen the tool shafts flex and bend but always return to true.I bought this particular item to replace my M4 so I could retire it.  The IDL was similar enough in form and function.So after acquiring the T10, I casually used it to remove staples from wood.  I used the flat-head screwdriver to accomplish this.  Imagine my surprise and horror that using the T10 for such a simple task actually damaged the screwdriver.  It bent and gouged and is visibly out of true by about 1/16 inch.My old M4 has no peening or gouges, and looks relatively pristine.This T10 has failed on its first use, and a relatively simple one at that.  I cringe to think what would have occurred if I had a stuck screw.The T10 is no replacement for the old M4.  It literally does not hold a candle to it.
I have been a Pro. carpenter for over 25 years, bought this combo pack because of the "deal". They are probably the crappiest blades I have ever used, not sharp and splinter the back of the cuts. Both blades were also warped and upon start up made the saw  jump. Dewalt has really gone down hill, all of their products are made in China and their hand tools aren't much better than cheap box store home owner tools. Shame on you DEWALT !! Spend a bit more and get a Pro. quality product. Makita makes excellent finish blades as does Freud.
The DW3128 finish blade in this set is horrible, I don't recommend buying these if you do finish work and here's why:1. The carbides are very small compared to those on a good quality blade (such as Freud Industrial or CMT).2. The kerf of the blade is thinner than full, so it will flex some and there is no room for a stiffener on the DeWalt miter box due to the short arbor.  I used a caliper to measure my DW3128 and the teeth are .096" wide and the blades body is .074".  This is in contrast with a real full kerf blade with 1/8" wide teeth and a body that is ~.088".3. I'm not sure why, probably to save on cost, but DeWalt doesn't appear to finely grind the sides of the carbide teeth compared to other more expensive blades.4. You really can and will notice a difference between these and a good quality Freud industrial blade.  After only installing 1000 SQFT of oak flooring, my blade is crap.5. The technology of these blades are very poor, there is minimal vibration dampening using only an old technology of slots versus the wiggly cut lines a good blade has.6. My miters were never perfectly tight until I ditched this blade and bought the one linked below.  Yes, the blade does cut OK miters that are plenty good for a normal person, but if you want the most professional looking cuts, don't skimp on the blade!I recommend the Freud LU80R012 blade if you are doing finish work and want professional results (and a blade that has much more carbide, e.g. can be sharpened many more times).  I did a lot of research and finally decided on the Freud LU80R012 blade as it can cut Melamine and plywood very well, but still has Freud's best rating for cross cuts.  The hook angle is also smaller than the Freud LU85R012 and the kerf slightly larger, so it's much better for use in a miter box.I'm no longer sure one needs a thinner kerf blade for a miter box due to it only doing cross cuts.  That's why I'm recommending the full kerf LU85R012.  My DeWalt sliding miter box with the full kerf blade seems plenty powerful.Here's what I'm replaced this blade with:Freud LU80R012 Ultimate Plywood & Melamine Saw Blade 12 inch x 96t Hi-ATB 1 inch arbor Perma-Shield CoatedIf you are in doubt about the quality difference and my review, just zoom in the pictures!  I'll admit I'm a tool junkie.  I did receive this DeWalt pack as a gift, but lets just hope the person who gave it to me never reads this review and how the blade isn't even worth resharpening! ;)
If someone can explain to me what the tapered design of the inlet and outlets are for, I'll upgrade the review to 5 stars minus 2 for the overbloated price.I can't imagine what the design of a taper is for. The Y-Connectors and Splices do not have a taper. Why do the blastgates do?The problem is that the natural springness of the hose keeps it coming off the tapered outlets just as you're trying to tighten the clamps. This is frustrating to just a wee degree since the problem shouldn't exist at all. In addition, the price is just a tad expensive for a piece of plastic.Look elsewhere if you can find a better design, or a better price. Otherwise, once you have them on, they work as expected.
I would not buy these. They jam with dust. These do not come apart for cleanout. These will only work in a dust free shop. (A shop that is not used.) I recommend the metal gate at the same price. The metal gate is sturdy and solid.
I expected the wire clamps to be a better alternative to the steel-band hose clamps since the wires can wrap the grooves of the hose. The problem with these is that one wire crosses a hose rib instead of seating in the groove all the way around, which means you really have to apply torque to get a firm seating. The phillips screw head on these is worthless on that score and you really need a ratchet for the torque (which the screw head accommodates).  Several times I thought I had a firm install and only to have the hose plop right off. Also youre not careful you can dislodge the little washer that is part of the screw design.I've gotten excellent results with the steel-band hose clamps. The ratchet design appears to be superior and one can apply the torque to get a really firm seal. I have not tried the JET version of these clamps, instead from a home supply store.
EXTREMELY loud, overpriced. Definitely not worth the money IMO. I ordered it in an attempt to avoid setting up my large MK for smaller jobs where I only need to cut a few tiles. My current MK is a large wet saw that weighs 121lbs.. It's a great saw but the weight and the ten gallons of water required to get it up and running is a bit much for small jobs. I'll keep looking. Just because it has MK on it doesn't make it any better than the junk ones they sell at home stores. In fact, the home store brands are better in my experience. I would NOT recommend this saw to anyone. It is a piece of junk.
I just got off the phone with Jet.  I have 2 of these machines and the spindles both got stuck in each of them.  This is not from user error.  As the machine runs, it naturally continues to tighten the spindle.  I am not able to loosen it up at all.  Jet told me to use brute force and &#34;try harder&#34;.  I've had the machines for less than 6 months.  They are used in a professional woodworking shop by professional woodworkers.  Jet needs to fix their design and come up with a better fix for the current machines.  They also use a low grade of steel on the threads from what I have seen.  I'm sure the rest of the machine I cannot see is also low grade garbage.  I have a Jet table saw that I am happy with as well as their drill press (one belt started to shred after 10 hours of use) and belt sander (everything good so far).  For whatever reason (money), they completely messed up this machine.  Grizzly has the same problem with their spindle sander machine (not a great company to be compared to).
I give this item a single star, as I never had a chance to try it.  The sander appears to be a well made and heavy (for a bench top tool) machine, however, the packaging falls far short.  The sander, when it arrived, had the base damaged.  There is sufficient styrofoam packing around the sides of the machine, but the top and bottom have about 1/2" thickness of foam protection.  In shipment, the box had been dropped and the base is deformed to the extent it does not sit flat.The sander will be returned and I will not risk delivery of another Jet sander.As an aside, if anyone considers the purchase of this tool, be advised that with the height of the basic machine, if your bench is, say 30 inches from the floor, then the cast iron table of the sander will be about 52" from the floor!  You may need to make a special base cabinet to get the table at a more workable height.
before you buy this or any dewalt miter saw with a turning knob for the lock, go to a tool store, loosen the knob, set the saw to any angle that doesn't have a preset, turn the knob to lock in the angle and watch the front of the table rise. if you are cutting for framing it's no big deal, if you're doing crown, it is. you will find this problem only gets worse the more you use it. get a makita or hitachi.
The instructions were not only of no help they gave dangerously misleading information.  The nail adapter supplied had an oval bored nail holder that didn't fit the nails I wanted to use.  I was unable to remove it after applying considerable force.  Not really sure how to either.  No information on the company site or the 'net.  There is a leather thingy that looks like a support garment for a miniature dairy cow no way it would fit.  Returned it.  Too bad as it looked like just what I need.
I bought this kit to use with my Dremel 4000.  I restore old Kodak folding cameras and had grown tired of hand cleaning and polishing the metal.But I found this to be Worthless!  If you screw a Polishing Wheel or Tip onto the Mandrel, it only takes a minute or two before the tip stops spinning with the Mandrel (just strips out inside the tip or wheel).  I only use moderate pressure...you have to in order to accomplish the task.Not sure if others are having the same issues?
I used this just one day.  I then let it sit for one year and it simply does not work any more.  This is my second let down with Hitachi tools... never again will I buy anything from Hitachi.  It is not just American companies that are selling junk made in China; Hitachi is too.  I am left with very few brands to select from which have not disappointed me with junk tools.  Good bye, Hitachi.
These saws cut terribly straight out of the box... Using them to cut metal(using cutting oil of course) they last only about 20 notches/cuts.... I get roughly 5-10 times more cuts from other brand hole saws in my shop. I decided since I use and like so many other dewalt tools in my shop I'd give these a try but I'll never be buying them again after the first 2 I ordered to test out.The kerf width the teeth chip away is far too narrow and leaves the saw to bind up in the cut, and this issue also causes excessive heat leading to terrible cut life and a slow, bogged down cut.
I bought this (and its accompanying mandrel) to make a series of holes in 12guage steel sheet metal (part of a sculpture).It is practically useless for even modestly thick metal. 20 minutes of coaxing made little impression in the steel. I tried the bit in a drill press next - same poor result. Perhaps the hole saw that I got was defective (the teeth looked pretty timid) or maybebi-metal bits are a tame bunch. One star is charitable
Good thing I bought this to cut a few holes in drywall for recessed cans, planning to throw it out afterwards - it's not round, but rather, *oval* in shape.  The weld joint flares out from the body, causing a nasty condition.  Clearly, DeWalt's Chinese supplier has some serious quality-control issues.  I'd have been seriously screwed if I needed to make accurate holes.  I'll stick with Lennox in future.
Used it on a standard ceiling to install a 4" round electrical box.when I got to the third one, it failed as it lost all of its teeth. we are talking drywall here!returning this!
This lantern just doesn't put out enough light. I get more with your basic everyday flashlight.Unfortunately, it might put out more, but one of the &#34;bulbs&#34; failed after less than an hour of use. I'd look elsewhere next time.
The light has 8 D batteries on the bottom, which are heavy, held into place by a lid that has very flimsy plastic.  Although the lid is held on by a long screw, the design of the lid makes it hard to put the lid back on, and the lid is not sufficient for the weight.  While the upper light portion looks decently built, the battery compartment on bottom looks like it was built in a third word county.  I suspect that's where this light has a lot of problems.Our Rayovac light failed during an emergency straight out of the package.  Thankfully, we had backup emergency lights.
I am not sure if it is just me but out of the box, I found that at best after 3 or so feet into the cut with the help of a fence consisted of a spare sheet material to guide the base alongside, the saw likes to get stuck, deviates from the straight line, and pretty much messes up the perfect straight line cut. the line deviates from 1/8 to no more than 3/16ths from the line.Material I have used this saw on is 3/4 MDF and plywood. Both have the same results. This is with the stock blade that is included.It seems the blade gets loose over the course of the cut adding to the way it gets off course. I am starting to readjust my methods and using this saw for a purely sloppy (and slow) cut and using the same sheet fence on the piece, adjusting that for my VERY RELIABLE TRITON ROUTER to finish the edge.This is probably the first time I truly regret a purchased tool. The official milwalkee edge guide (sold separately) for the saw isn't worth anything in my book. I thought I can't go wrong with the Milwalkee brand.
This product works as stated for a short time, but after a few hours of steady use, it becomes desensitized and will not respond as it did on previous occasions. The sensitivity screw setting is also MADDENING when it as the hours go on!It is NOT an investment at all in a wood shop, especially if you are in reclamations of antique lumber and trying to protect expensive machinery. Just another $70 extracted from the pockets of busy consumers.Forget it ! The only reason why I gave it one star is because it does detect aluminum when it IS working, whereas most beach-comber type detectors don't.Even fresh batteries don't effect it when it is having fits of desensitization.Where can I get a Secret Service style detection device?
I have a Lumber wizard I got a while back - it worked for a while but now it doesn't work, and having paid $100 for it I tried to get it fixed... You can search all day and night on the internet, call the numbers on the instructions,  the company that makes this is now hiding behind some internet distribution outfit that won't return e-mails or phone calls requesting info on how to get it fixed.Forget it, no after purchase service at all. Very disappointing $100 piece of junk I now own.
Don't buy this item.  I tried 2 Lumber Wizard Metal Detectors and neither one worked.  The first just gave a constant beeping sound.  I returned that one and received another from Amazon.  The second metal detector could be adjusted to work, but the sensitivity kept changing.  It would beep constantly, then not beep at all when held near metal.  In other words, it would work sporadically.  Also, when not in use, it completely drained my battery over an 8 hour period.In short, I was zero for two and cannot recommend the Lumber Wizard Metal Detector.
1st) I left a detailed reply with amazon before; however, you chose not to post it.  In short, do not purchase this metal detector since it is unable to scan deeply into a piece of wood and it's inconsistant (device works when it wants to).-Scott
I tried using this on reclaimed 1" thick oak boards and found that the only nails this unit alerted on were the ones I could already see with my own eyes. The blade on my table saw proved to be a lot more effective in locating the nails I couldn't see. Save your money and put it toward a much more sensitive unit like a Garrett.
I've had this gun for a little over a year and it is a dog.  It worked great the first time out but it has malfunctioned in some capacity ever since then.  I've shot less than 300 nails with the gun and the first problem I noticed was the exaust leak.  Since the second time I used the tool, it has had an exaust leak.  I've broken the gun down, checked all of the seals, cleaned everything and the problem temporarily goes away but it always comes back.  The more recent problem I've had is the gun stops firing.  I have not figured it out but it seems the air releases but the hammer does not.  When it happens, I'll repeatedly bump a scrap piece of lumber until it starts nailing again.I've maintained the gun well ... oiled it as instructed and really like the weight, balance and the belt hook.  It just does not function consistently.  I've since ordered a Senco FP41xp and I'm hoping it performs much better.
Boy this thing looks and feels great.  Just wish it worked.  Retired the PC angle nailer for this one, because the PC weighed as much as my car.  The PC also makes a huge hole with each nail.  This DeWalt though has major problems each time I use it.  I now give up.  It NEVER sinks nails all the way, despite the depth adjustment.  It double fires more than my bostitch N80 coil nailer, which is known for double firing.  It is difficult to load, and the trigger safety moves to the on position if you just breath on it.  All in all, a useless, expensive tool.  Dewalt makes some glorious tools, but this one just plain stinks.  If history is a guide, they will get it right eventually, but only when people stop buying it, or complain enough.  Basically, it does not do what it is supposed to do.  A MAJOR disappointment, as I love all my other dewalt tools.  If people think this is how these things are supposed to work, then they should try other types of these units.Time for the Bostitch N62 or Senco.  I've had it.....
Wow!What a rip offIm a woodworker/installer i use 18 gauge brad nailers quite a bit.Installing trimwork such as crown moulding etc etcI had "one" 18 gauge brad nailer for 7 years a hitachi heavy bad boy man i have installed miles and miles of trim with that bad boy has been kicked around dropped etc etc7 years!!!So....finally it ate s*** must have hit a metal stud not uncommon have done this many many times.Searching for a replacement i opted for this dewalt.i always figure you get what you pay for(its not cheap)boy was i wrong.this bread nailer(might not break nailing bread together.if you can..lol) lasted "ONE" jobsite.installing 6"solid mahogany crown.Really?This $ for 300 lineal feet of crown?Now i past the return date so i cant even return..STAY AWAY FELLAS!i seen the cheaper 50$ hitachis those can also take a beaten.Im not a hitachi spokesman but im actually impressedby hitachi.rumors in my industry was that sencos where the best brad nailers.Jeez i domt even know who to rely on.
The 3, gear ranges are hard to lock into, the batterys only last a few months and cost over $78.00 each to replace. Tool is very heavy. Has no belt clip. Hammer drill is slow drilling.
Didn't even open the box.  It was clearly labeled, "For one time use ONLY."  With children in my son's house, we were afraid to use this.  If they tried a practice test, is that the one time?  Unfortunarly, we returned it.
I purchased this drill at Amazon to replace a 10-year old well-used & abused Sears drill that went up in smoke. I was told by my FIL (contractor) to get the Milwaukee since "they're the best".  I've used it only 3 or 4 times now and it spits out oil (from the motor vent).  I guess it's only a matter of time before all the supposedly sealed oil leaks out & burns out the motor. Would NEVER purchase another Milwaukee product.  I really thought this to be the last drill I'd ever need but now expect it to start smoking in a few more uses.  Perhaps I got their only lemon but this tool was way too expensive to take another chance.  Back to Sears for me cause on-sale I can get a corded 1/2" drill for &lt; $100. I should've sent it back to Amazon after the first use but it's been too long so I'm stuck with this POS.  Also hate that keyless chuck.
Not sure if the quality of these blades is offset by the cost.  On a per unit basis they are fairly costly for the amount of use you get out of one.  Additionally, due to the the high speed of the tool, they are horrible went they encounter metal.  They tend to harden the metal and end up destroying the blade.  They cut dry wall well and wood okay.  They provide a precision that is not available in the other tools, but that is a function of the tool and not the blade.
The multimaster is the tool for plunge cuts.  But the blades are way too expensive.  If I can buy an excellent utility 7 inch carbide blade from Freud for $9, and a durable sawzall blades for $3, why must a Fein blade cost $19?Teeth sheer off on nails.
I'm surprised that so many reviewers think this is a good accessory.  It's absolutely necessary, and every Delta planer owner needs one.... but it's a poor design.  Boards hit it on the outfeed.  You also can't lower the head all the way if you need to plane really thin stock - instrument makers beware!  The other problem is that a standard 4" slip fit connector doesn't stay on well.  This is only a problem if you move your dust collector hose from machine to machine.  But, a lot of folks do that, and it's just absurd that this chute isn't correctly sized to fit well.Finally, it's annoying that the dust chute isn't included with the machine. It's not really optional - you have to extract the chips from a planer, or the machine's rollers press the chips into the nicely planed surface of the wood.I like the planer pretty well, and this thing is necessary.. but poorly executed.
I have purchased 6 of these units over the last 20 years. They seemed to last and last until the final two I purchased last year. The armatures went out with in a year on both of them. The quality of the winding must be way cheapened from the old ones that have kept going with a simple brush replacement. I will be looking at other brands for my next purchase.
The tool itself is quite powerless although I am not sure it is due to the weak battery. When I used it to cut acopper pipe or one (I really mean one) 2x4 is ok. The worst is the Ni-Cad battery. On a full charge, its runs about 5 minutes and then the battery runs down and heats up to the point that it needs to cool down for 10-20 minutes before it can be recharged. As such, the tool is useless. More then once, I gave up and finish the job with a hand saw. They offer a Lithium ion battery/charger upgrade for $200! So, the message from Milwaukee I get is thus, spend over $200 for the hatchet kit and if you really want it to work, double the money. This is a upsetting.
Save yourself time n money.....only buy milwaukee with 19/28 v Li Ions. The nicads are expensive JUNK  read al the reviews on them...........
First, this is a very comfortable hammer (grip, balance, and easy on the elbow).  The comfort comes at the expensive of keeping the  vibration in the hammer.After every strike, the hammer continues to ring for a few seconds.  I thought I had a 5 star hammer until I helped a friend build a shed.  My elbow felt great, but the continuous ringing for 2 days was enough to drive me insane!  Even my friend was affected by the ringing while working several feet away.He had the 20-ounce Antivibe and it does not experience any ringing.  I headed to Lowes to buy a new hammer and tested these two models in the store.  I sampled several of the Antivie hammers on the shelf and the 16oz/20oz ringing/not ringing held true.If you can handle the extra weight, the 20oz Antivibe is a great hammer.  It dampens the vibrations in a split-second.  If you need a 16oz, I'd continue to look elsewhere if you need to drive more than a dozen nails per project.
Chinese junk with a Stanley sticker!  Poor casting and the grip doesn't align with the head.  A $2 hammer at a premium price.
If a contractor showed up with this, I'd kick him out in a heartbeat!First off, it doesn't cut true (the 90 degrees setting isn't a true 90, the 45 isn't really 45 and so on). It has presets for 6 angles (90, 75, 67.5, 60, 54 & 45) and you can't set it to any other angle. There are so many plastic parts that the blade won't hold stable enough to cut a straight line and would probably break or wear out in less time than it takes to cut the baseboard for just one room (I gave up using it after 3 cuts). The dogs to clamp your work come loose in just a few strokes of the saw and are only good for items thicker than 3/8", they might as well not exist. The back stop is only 1-3/4" tall meaning that items much taller than that are not properly supported (not an issue with a power miter, but important with a manual one to get a clean and straight cut).Save your money, this is worthless!
The item I received was 3"x5", not 5"x9" as advertised, and was made of simple pink plastic, not even laser-reflective.  As such, it is virtually useless for enhancing laser-reflectivity.  I'd sorta call it a hoax... I returned it.
very robust bar clamps. i bought a few of them last year and am very satisfied with them. they are more robust than the besseys. the only problem could be that their shoes marr the workpiece but i do not mind because i always use thin plywood as step shoes. they are also larger than the besseys. a must.
Got the two clamps today. Both clamps were visibly bended. They were shipped together with another item (48" level, painted surface with plastic components). None of these items were wrapped! Even though the box is full of packing paper but the packer seems not bother to use it to wrap any of the items. They collide with each other at one side of the packing box; unbelievable.
After having these clamps for several years I find that I have replaced them all (about 15). They sit in a corner. The clamps badly stain wood and it takes a good deal of work to get the stains out. Even placing doubled over shop rags under the clamps leaves stains. It is necessary to use another wood that can be sacrificially stained. I have tried to clean the pads with every solvent I can think of. The stains simply come back. I simply got tired of having to think about the clamps to be used. Don't get me wrong - these are stout clamps and if not for the pads (which I should change out with ones made from another company and may some day) I would highly recommend them. I have not purchased another Jorgensen clamp since and probably will not again. For me their somewhat better clamping is not worth always having to have something ready to block the stain when I need to throw on another clamp. Obviously others have little problem with them and I am perhaps simply too impatient. In my experience I found that quite a few clamps work well enough and the downside of the Jorgensen is not worth it.
Decided that I would take a chance for the price (less than 1/3 the cost of a Devilbliss gun).  Until I actually used the gun to spray water based latex primer (using the 2mm accessory nozzle), I did not see the (6) ultra tiny jets that clogged up during use.  Beware any gun that includes a cleaning brush with the kit, as this one does;  it took about 1/2 hour to disassemble the gun and get it properly cleaned.  By comparison,  the better quality HVLP guns have no cranky secondary jets and no cleaning brushes.  Spend the extra money if you value your time.
Sealed Box - Looked new on outsideScuffed Carry Case - Strange, is Bosch trying to pass off used or refurbed as new?Router - Deep scratch about an inch long in the metal, many scuffs on the metal, a couple scratches in the plasticPower Cord - several gouges taken out of it with one spot showing copper wireFixed base - one handle loosePlunge base - scuff markPlunge base also had a little wobblie when pushing down, not feeling like a quality tool.  Because of the unsafe power wire I did not turn it on to test the motor.I purchased at a big home center.  I guess Bosch use to make quality tools but now they are made in Mexico.  Really shocked at how bad the quality control of this Bosch tool.  I totally changed my oppinion of Bosch, i thought they were suppose to be the best, but now I don't think so.
For less than the cost of this unit I built a nice solid table with all kinds of features that are either unavailable, expensive or under built in the store bought models. Any router how to book will walk you through it. If you're truly a woodworker or aspiring to be one & not just a collector of power tools, this is an opportunity to improve your skills & make something worth having that will last a long long time.
I bought this dust extraction hood kit on sale directly from Amazon after reading another review which stated the kit had been updated to be compatible with the current Bosch fixed/under-table base.  I primarily bought the kit for use with the fixed base that I have mounted in my router table.  Unfortunately, the kit I received seems to be outdated stock (the packaging looked really old and had an orange $17.09 price sticker on it), so the rear-mounted hood doesn't fit the current (as of 2011-2013) fixed router base shipping with Bosch routers.  The under-table adjustment shaft is in the way and prevents you from mounting the rear hood.  I think stores with old stock are shipping it to Amazon and the old stock is being mixed with new stock in Amazon's warehouse.According to my Bosch router's user manual, the updated version of this kit has the hose hook-up offset an inch or so right of center, but the one I received had the hose hook-up perfectly centered.The bottom-mounted hood (for edge routing) probably would have worked fine, but I didn't bother trying it since I mainly needed the other hood.  Fortunately, Amazon is letting me return the kit and has already refunded my money.
This is junk.  Cheap plastic parts.  Fit is poor and doubtful that they will provide good dust collection.  Not recommended
I have used this intermittently and occasionally for the past two years. It has been back to Pasload for repair. It has been adjusted for altitude. (I live at 7200') Nothing seems to keep it reliably working. It will fire, and then refuse to do so again even though it seems like it wants to. Battery is charged, new cartridges. Nothing will induce it to reliably fire. The gas cartridge opening is poorly designed and requires much fiddling to get it open and shut. I purchased it in the hopes of not having to go to an air compressor unit. Others seem to have better luck than I have. Pasload keeps you on hold for ever, so they are of little use as a manufacture.
The machine sounds wonderful.  It looks so good and sports the "Jet" name as well.  The problem is that it just does NOT work good in many situations.I have the machine as shown in the description (as in the photos) with the extra wide support wings added too.If you have fairly short wood lengths, and it is soft pine wood, it will probably do pretty well for you.  However, if you work hard woods the feeder really SUCKS big time.  I ruined enough wood attempting to work around the feeder defects that it has become the "Least Used Tool" in my shop: not worth the risk.I looked at my 16 inch "yellow" planer unit.  That has a feeder that works fantasic with all woods: from soft to hard the feeder is positive and as perfect as it can get.So why is the feeder on this Jet so defective???  If you look at the photos shown in the ad description, you will notice that you have a flat belt of hard sand paper grit for traction to pull the wood through, but there is nothing to keep the pressure stable, consistent, and to prevent slippage like the "yellow brand" planer.So, it slips very easily, and even more so on hard woods.  If it slips even the slightest, there will be a depression left in the wood, and it may ruin the piece completely.  Your only hope is to attempt to apply hand downward pressure on the wood to keep is solidly on the belt, but, even then, the belt will slip a bit from time to time defeating the whole purpose of the auto feed in the first place.  Had Jet even installed a downward pressure rubber roller on each side of the drum head to keep it pushing down evenly on the wood to make it not slip, it may have worked..... who knows.  The cheap "yellow brand" had smart enough engineers to realize that this was so and has the rollers on top as well and they are chain driven to ensure a positive clean feed that really works and works well!  Jet didn't make the grade.  That is too bad for as expensive of a machine as this is, you would think that they would have made sure that it had a class-act feeder ..... without it? it is worthless.  Sad.If anyone wants mine, it is almost new, and is about as close to new as it can get!  1/3 the price of new and it's yours.  I guess you get my point.
I purchased this in january of 2003.  It worked well for 4 months of light home use.  In April I returned it to the store where purchased, because the sander was &quot;surging&quot; in speed.  It's now October, and the new replacement sander is doing the very same thing.  This would definitely lead me to believe that there is a manufacturing problem with this model.  When it works it works well, but who wants to continue using it, knowing that any minute it will stop working.  I've used a lot of Porter Cable Tools, but this thing is junk.  Furthermore, I've noticed a lot of these for sale as &quot;Factory &quot;reconditioned&quot;.  Stay away.  If they couldn't get it right the first time, why would you believe they can &quot;recondition&quot; it.  I just purchased a Dewalt instead, and trashed this trash.
There are apparently two different types of these straps being sent.  Look at the seventh picture that was uploaded by Jason on 8/14/2013. The description clearly states 3" straps, and all the pictures show 3" straps. Look at the proportion of the straps to the peoples arms in the pictures.  Some folks seem to be getting the 3" straps, I did not.  I got the knock-off 1 3/4" chinchy straps... not what is advertised.  COME ON AMAZON!!! DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS!!! These are going back today.
Just like others, I bought these without reading the reviews. How could a nylon strap be junk, right? Well it is possible! These are too short and thin to be useful. I tried to move a dresser and this lifts it just high enough to sit on your thigh so you get to make short choppy steps the whole way. They also don't provide a lot of vertical support so the dresser felt like it was going to tip the whole time. I too received 2" straps like other reviewers. I wouldn't recommend these at all. Buy lunch for an extra person to help you move instead.
Echoing numerous other reviewers who point out that this product is falsely advertised and described. Description says straps are 3 inches wide whereas the ones I received are 1 3/4". Amazon must have several suppliers for this item as it is listed several times at various prices.  Some suppliers may be supplying the described item but obviously some are not based on the complaints. Amazon has to have known about this problem for years as there are numerous complaints about(2009, '10, '11, '12) yet Amazon apparently chooses to do nothing about it.I've noticed that many reviewers who have returned items ordered on Amazon because of problems with the items will complain about the item quality but then go on to compliment Amazon about their "great" return policy. I can't agree with them. It's no skin off Amazon's nose (or $ out of their pocket) if they knowingly continue to sell shoddy, dishonestly described merchandise knowing a certain percentage will be returned (at the customer's expense) so they don't deserve the unjustly earned praise.This reflects a real and disappointing lack of integrity on Amazon's part. I will notify them of their ongoing dishonesty but doubt that anything will change if numerous previous complaints have had no effect.Les Vliet
I have been very disappointed with this product.  It was delivered twice by UPS damaged.  The factory packaging was very poor.  The ladder appears to be a good idea, but it does not meet up to the standards of other Little Giant Products that I have owned.  I have always highly rated Little Giant Ladders and prefer to use them over any other product. The first was crushed at the top.  The second was bent at the steps reinforcement bars.  Amazon.com will not ship a third and refunded my money.  If this item is so fragile in shipment, I doubt that it would be durable in everyday use.
It looks pretty.  However, the first time it is dropped, it will badly ding because of the soft aluminum alloy; especially if it lands on a corner like mine did.  I dropped mine off the table saw from less than 30" and the ding was so bad I had to file it off in order for the square to function correctly again!  It is still square after the drop.  However, since I had to file a chunk of the inside edge, it will not make a good straight edge anymore.You are much better off with the imported machinist's squares such as those by iGaging.  At least these are made from steel!  Sure, using a low grade alloy is great for Incra as it saves on tooling costs, but it is simply too soft to be used in a work environment in my opinion.  As much as I say buy American, only do so when the tool can stand up to normal wear and tear.
the gun lasted only a few times before the cheap plastic screw on thing broke. if you don't use all the glue in a tube the first time you open it, the rest of the glue goes to waste because it hardens after that and takes forever to heat up. then when it finally does it drips out of the end wasting a bunch unless you use the cap which means you gotta screw it on and off every time so you have to wear gloves coz the gun is too hot. The glue holds when you can get the gun to work. the glue is good but the gun is bad. you'll be sorry you bought (I think). hope this helps. this has been my experience with it. others may have different experiences.
Well over a year ago, I purchased the HiPurformer kit that is overpriced at $100.  At the cost of the glue tubes, they should give you the gun.  Anyway, I needed some kind of super glue and this seemed like it was it.  The glue does work and is excellent for trim where you really can't screw or nail or air nail.  Problem is, the gun no longer feeds.  I read reviews about this before I bought this kit - the feed mechanism breaks and then the whole thing is useless.  The guy at the Woodcraft store where I bought my kit said that two had been returned for this problem.  Nevertheless, I bought the kit and it worked well and I didn't force the plunger.  A year later, it doesn't feed.  The plunger works okay, nothing looks broken, but the glue doesn't flow no matter how long I let it heat up.  I sent an email to the company for help but they didn't reply.  So, in reality, it cost me about $25 per tube rather than the 6 to $8 they charge for it.  Good idea, poor execution.  Go for it if you don't mind throwing the whole thing away after you use it.
got this for a Christmas present . Went threw all the instructions for break in. Didn't use it till March the 5. Ran for 10 minutes total and quit running for no reason. Called Amazon and said it was over the 30 days. Only a partial return. Called dewalt and tried to find a place close to my home for repair. called and still never got a hold of any one. Got it for mobile use.. No chance of that happening. Really sucks that it didn't run for at least long enough to get our work done. Just setting in the shop now collecting dust. Will never buy this brand again.
We have had three of these units for less than six months. We also have two other CO units that are AC only that we have had for a few years.Just about every week one of these three units beeps very loudly for three or four beeps and then quits. This is very annoying when you are sleeping. It does not continue like it is a real alarm. They are not the soft chirps indicating low batteries. I have replaced all the batteries with new quality batteries instead of the cheap ones that come with the unit. Our regular, more expensive, CO units have never gone off at the same time as these cheap units. Buy the more expensive units.We do not think these are unsafe, just annoying.
These guides are cheap 2-piece guides with the "barrel" guide swaged into the "base".  You would be better off to just buy the PC adaptor from a Bosch Service Center and buy  PC templates or a PC guide set. True the BOSCH snaps in but I had one come apart at the swage, the first time I used it, dropping the barrel of the guide into the mortise I was routing, while the bit was spinning.  Ruined a $32 bit and the guide was ruined.  Bosch offered to replace the guide, but I would have had to package it and ship it and wait for who knows how long to recieve the replacement.  I just chucked the guides and replaced them with Porter Cable  guides.  You would be better off to just buy the PC adaptor from the Bosch Service Center and buy a PC template guide set.  These guides are cheap, poorly made JUNK.NOTE:  If you ever plunge your router into the top of the BOSCH guide (let the collet nut even touch the guide- and who hasn't) both your guide and your bit will be history, due to the swaged construction. Also, if the swage is loose (and it will get loose if you use it) your route will be sloppy and the guide will probably contact the cutting edge of the bit. I say this from experence, not to dog the product.  I love the router, hate the guides.
I ordered this template guide set and expect to get working with the Bosch router right away. I was so wrong. None of the template guide will fit in my new Bosch 1617 router base. They all fall straight through. I found out that you need another adapter, RA1126, before you can use these guide bushings. What the heck. I don't see that described in any of the product descriptions. I had to go to the Bosch website and search for it. Bosch even made it difficult to purchase because none of its recommended vendors have this in stock.So my project is on hold while the adapter is on backorder. Why doesn't Bosch include this quick change adapter to the kit or even in the router? I buy the tool and have to wait for Bosch to nickle and dime me.
I am so disappointed with this blade.  It cuts rough on my DeWalt saw.  Actually, my dull 40 tooth ATB DeWalt blade that I've been using for a couple of years (and which this blade was meant to replace) cuts MUCH smoother.  I tried all sorts of wood, with and without riving knife, rip and cross cut.  Not at all happy.  Too bad I disposed of the packaging before I tried it.  It will be a backup to the backup blade.
These are too big and slip off the furniture - they appear to be made of flimsy plastic.  I like Magic Sliders, which I have used in the past, much better - they really are like magic and work perfectly on wood floors as well as carpet.  The kind that are self stick and stick to the furniture legs are the best - others have to be tacked on which is impossible when you have to get them under a heavy piece of furniture.  I couldn't tell from the description which kind Amazon was selling so I tried these instead,to my regret.  I should have taken the negative reviews more seriously.  I will now have to go to a local store and look for Magic Sliders.
We used these at home on clean wood floors, and they scratched the floors terribly. Perhaps they're fine on carpet, but keep these away from wood floors.
The disks work quite well on carpeting and tile.  If your appliance has wheels these are not as valuable, but can still be of benefit on carpeting.
A number of months ago I put some hard black plastic sliders under my sofa so that we could easily slide it over to our small flat panel monitor for "movie night" and then slide it back.  Well, my wife wanted sliders under the dining room table too, and since the black ones went with the table I put them under the table legs, and then I put these so called "moving men" sliders undert the sofa legs to replace the hard black plasic ones I had moved to the dining room table.Surprise!  The sofa doesn't slide any more.  Not one bit.  It seems that the plastic these are made of is way thinner and more flexible than the ones they replaced.  These are actually just slightly bigger than the ones they replaced, so I think it's a fair comparison.Anyway, I've got to find more of those shiney hard black sliders.  These are useless unless under really light furniture I suppose.
I bought this planer from Amazon and was surprised to see the way it arrived in damaged Box.Well, When I opened the box, I could not find the manual / instructional video  / wrenches in the box and machine clearly looked like 'Used Before'. I checked the stores in my area for this planer and they told me that I must get all these items in the box if product is brand new else it is refurbished one being sold as 'New'.  Also I found that front plate clearly out of 90 degrees.I am very disappointed with this and never expected amazon/delta will ship used/refurbished products as 'Brand new'.I have called amazon and waiting see if they offer a replacement. I really wish they will give me replacement ( Brand new planer ) and not the money back as based on reviews , I really would like to have this planer.I will update my review once I hear from Amazon.
Got mine as a gift. I'm a carpenter by trade. I've used lasers since they came out. You had to literally bolt them to the wall. Now they are small enough to fit in you hand. The one I have is out 3/4" in 8 feet plumb, and twice that in level. Jet line with a line level is more accurate. A plumb bob takes a little while, but is more accurate also. So is a level with a straight edge. The beam is straight and does seem to go over small obstacles in uneven walls or floors. For what it can and can't do it still needs to go down in price. It is only  good as straight line. I hardly ever use the one I have.
I gave this product one star only because I couldn't select "zero" stars.  The idea is not a bad idea, just poorly implemented.  Despite reading several reviewers' reports that these clamps easily broke, I ordered them anyway since they looked like a solution to a common problem and I expected that the defect would have been fixed by now.  Wrong!  Without actually seeing the clamps, it may be hard to understand how they are made.  There is a polycarbonate "base" with two "spring steel "clamps" attached via a separate polycarbonate "lid" which is screwed on.  The lid is not strong enough to hold the clamps leading to stressing (bending) of the lid and potential failure.  I did not actually use the clamps.  One clamp looked "okay" in that the polycarbonate lid was not obviously stressed and deformed.  The same was not true for the second clamp.  I'm sure it would have failed the first time I used it.  So, I returned the clamps to Amazon for credit which they did give.  For awhile, I thought about remaking the polycarbonate lid out of something more substantial, thicker, or stronger, like aluminum.  The lid is secured to the base via screws so this may have been possible.  But, why should I have to do this, especially when I really would have to buy three more sets to use on any four sided box?  At $10 per set, maybe I would have done this.  But not at $25 per set!  The manufacturing fix would have been at least to make the lid thicker.  I usually read most of the reviews with a grain of salt and discount some where I think maybe the user was at fault.  Here, I was at fault for not listening to other users.  Conclusion:  Good idea, bad design/manufacturing.  It really should have been fixed by now.
item is a nice idea but the base is plastic and cracks the first time I used it. there is a piece of metal under it but i don't see this item lasting very long in regular use. don't buy it, save your money.
I read on line that you need to replace your smoke alarms every ten years. My house is close to 75 years old and we are in the middle of a kitchen remodel so I bought these for the entire home.After having them in use for 3 months they started going off in the middle of the night. We replaced all the batteries and 3 months later the same thing! We gave up and returned them all and bought another brand.We have 5 kids, 3 dogs and one cat, family safety is very important to us.
One of the most satisfying moments of the past year has to have been destroying this insane smoke detector. We've had it at the top of our basement stairs since early 2008, and it gradually became a proximity alarm instead of a smoke detector. It never went off unless we opened the basement door, and then it (sometimes) blasted full volume into your ear to let you know that you opened a door near it. No other smoke alarms go off, there is no fire, and looking through the pieces of this smoke detector showed zero dust inside. It won't be giving us false alarms any longer. While the plastic case is fairly durable, it cannot (thankfully) survive being hurled full-tilt into a concrete floor 15 feet away.Also, the &#34;set it off with your television remote&#34; feature wasn't a very bright idea on the part of First Alert, which is why it had been relegated to the top of the basement stairs.
This product is lousy on many levels.  I have obtained many false alarms, some in the middle of the night.  I also get a fair share of false alarms by setting it off with my remote, despite the fact that the alarm is in my hallway, AWAY from my remotes in my bedroom!  Lastly, the directions are terrible, with no clear way to install the 9V battery.  It took a while to finally get the battery in, after accidentally breaking off a tab.  Not user friendly or well layed out at all.  I'm returning this, and getting a 'Kidde' in hope that it will be a better choice.Update, May 3, 2008:  I've had the 'Kidde' dual-sensor alarm in place for a few weeks, and it has been flawless.  NO false alarms, even stationed a few feet outside an upstairs bathroom where the alarm may be exposed to some moisture and mist.  And, no, I am NOT affiliated with the 'Kidde' company in any way.  It's just a more superior and hassle-free product.
Bought 3 of these for our home in 2007 and one failed within 3 months and another failed within 3 years and all go through a fresh 9 volt battery in less that a year.Failed unit does a rapid triple-chirp every minute or soThe first warranty replacement was done at no cost. The most recent was done for a shipping fee of $6.50 that I needed to snail-mail in to them.Test feature set off my the remote from toy helicopter so I ended up taking apart to cover the sensor as tape over the small hole on the outside of the unit did not prevent the Infrared remote from activating the alarm.
This product has a feature that one's Ir TV Remote can be used to turn off a false alarm - ones ir remote can also be used to test the alarm - in reality it sets off alarms. My compact Fluorescent light bulbs set off  false alarms. I had thrown away the packaging so I could not return it. I took it apart and blacked out with black tape the ir sensor and it seems to be ok. Not every one will be able to do this. Others have had similar problems.
In a word this is junk.  The flexible arm is too weak to support the large rainfall head.  From day one it wanted to droop down and not stay in place.  If I managed to get it in the desired position it only took the slightest touch to make it fall back down - forget about the button for spray selection.  It's very disappointing considering I had an older "gooseneck" shower head from Waterpik that worked without any issues, but it seems they decided to go with a cheap design that renders this product essentially unusable.
I have purchased three of these and all three failed about the same time. It works great at first, and the toggle switch is easy to use. I really enjoyed the experience of having the water fall down on me like rain, and the adjustable arm is maneuverable enough to raise the shower head fairly high. Unfortunately the housing is cheap plastic and breaks easily. I didn't even move the showerhead after the first couple weeks and left it in the same position all the time, but on all three showerheads, the plastic housing broke at the point where the white meets the adjustable arm, and leaked. On two of the models, the adjustable arm failed and would fall down and no longer hold up. There are better and stronger showerheads out there.
Like many others, I had problems with getting an even plane.  Whether it was the soles, blades, or both, the result was removal of 1/32 deeper on the right side of the workpiece.  Even with it set on zero, it would take material off the right side only.  I need to perform precision tapered planes with successive passes and this really compounds the problem.  Me being the sucker that I am, I returned it and ordered a new one only to get one with the same problem.  After contacting Bosch tech service, their only suggestion was to take it to a service center.  Sorry, I don't think I should have to take a brand new tool to get serviced.  Thankfully Amazon has awesome customer service for returns.  Bosch blew it on this one.
As others have noted, this planer has many fine features including power and very good chip collection.  However, the front and aft sole plates are not parallel to the cutter head and Bosch service could not correct the issue.  With the plane sitting on the aft sole plate, the cutter head will cut an angled trough (about 1/32" deep) on the right side of the unit.  I know that Bosch can successfully build a planer without this feature, because I have an older, lower power Bosch planer, Model 3272A, that never had a problem with surfacing rough boards.  With this unit, that task would be impossible.A year ago, I assumed the unit was defective and sent the unit back to Bosch for repair or replacement.  It appears that Bosch choose to "repair" the unit and returned to me a unit that functions just as poorly as the one I sent them.So much, for Bosch factory repairs and my attempts at getting warranty service on the obviously defective piece of equipment.  I still have unit, because I haven't had the time to list it on ebay as a piece of factory defective equipment.Since the bi-directional dust collection chute is nice and I have a 35mm to 1-1/4" vacuum nozzle adapter from other equipment, I gave the unit a star.
I thought I was buying a planer and if you know what a planer is then you know what I'm talking about.  This is not a planer, it is, well, a wood distorting device.  There is no possible way a cupped outfeed shoe and a twisted unparallel front shoe can ever make a board straight. I bought this for what I thought was a great price, I would have been better off going to Harbor Frieght to find similar quality.  I gave this "planer" and Bosch the benefit of the doubt and proceeded to get it repaired.  Week one passes, I drive back to the Service Center and excitedly picked up my tool, but my expectations were shattered while there.  I pulled the planer from the box and checked its accuracy.  Nothing had changed.  I took my garbage home and called Bosch and was transferred to the Bosch Repair Service Center.  I spoke to the guy who repaired the tool and he tells me he only checked one side for parallel and deemed the "planer" as "nothing was wrong with it".  I was quite irritated, but all the Bosch employees had been very nice and so was this guy.  I asked how I could possibly fix the tool and he told me.  I tried, opened the tool up, discovered it was poorly made, and called the guy back.  He told me to send it back to them and would have it replaced.  By the way, the guy told me this planer is made for homeowners.  What?! The top of the line Bosch planer is made for homeowners.  Bosch should put a label on their "planers" stating "Made for largely inaccurate work, increments on tool are just for fun".  Anyways, I send this piece of junk back, wait another two weeks and get the call my "new" "planer" has arrived.  I get it home and open my new planer.  It is no different than the first.  If I could curse in this review it would be chalked full of F-bombs.  I have no words for Bosch's incompetence and absolute worthlessness. I don't recommend this product to anyone.  Save your money and buy a junky Ryobi.  If you insist, you will have yourself an expensive paperweight or wood distorting device.
I have used one of these for a few months in my drill press and I have had several scrapes to my hands. The problem is that the cutting end is very aggressive and as soon as it cuts through the far side of the work piece with the pilot tip, the drill bit tends to break through the material and grab it - spinning it rapidly. I am not exactly a novice with using a drill press. Any bit has some tendency to do this and you need to clamp the work piece, have a backer piece under it, and slow down the feed just before the drill exits the other side.The worse case using these bits is in drilling thick polycarbonate plastic - it's tough and these blasted bits grab every time on the exit.  I have had similar but lesser problems in brass and aluminum.I finally gave up and plan to sell the set in a garage sale - buyer beware! I have gone back to the standard point type bits.These bits are an accident waiting to happen in my opinion.
I purchased this set a couple of months ago. I have used two of the bits so far and ruined two projects.  As reported in other reviews I had the shank on the 1/4 inch straight bit snap off.  I was routing in 3/4" pine plywood.  I was not overloading the bit.  Next I used one of the round over bits.  About half way through the project the bearing came off and ruined the project.This is a very light weight set and suitable for very light use.  If you buy it take all the bearings off and use lock tight before re-installing.  At the very least tighten the cap screw holding the bearings. I found several less than hand tight.  I would not purchase this set.  Pay a little more and get something that will last and not ruin your work.Since writing this review I have continued having poor experiences with this set.  I have had other shanks break on light to medium use.  I consider this set cheap Chinese junk.  Go elsewhere and get a serviceable product.
I own lots of pneumatic tools and have had two Senco finish guns that ran like champs.  Though this pin nailer has been treated well and oiled often it jams frequently.  I've had this thing apart way too often on job sites trying to clear jams and often resort to using my brad nailer instead.  Also, its lack of a safety means this gun will fire when the trigger is pressed even if the nose is not in contact with a work surface.  (Of course, this assumes that it is a working gun, which mine often is not)  I'm very disappointed with this product.
Tinkered with different dilutions, but I just couldn't get good coverage with this gun. The coat was either way thin or I had to crank the pressure way up. Made the room smell like paint more than it actually painted the work piece. I'll be going back to my cheap HVLP guns. Really wish it had worked since it was very easy to clean when I packed for return.
I am very familiar with photon lights and the ones I got from this listing were without any chance of doubt FAKE.  What a rip-off.