Thought this book would be chock full of great projects for use with my Kreg Jig, instead, it's chock full of ugly projects.  On the other hand, for someone with little or no experience in building, this book is well written with some right to the point info to get a beginner started.
This light is useless for reading in bed next to someone. Even the one bulb lights up the entire room and blinds you with the reflective light from the book/kindle.  It's going to be great for camping, ghost hunting and the like, but you have to put a cover over it to read by. Maybe I should have read the "MIGHTY" part of the Mighty Bright.
These seem abnormally sized for the type of fixture they're supposed to be mounted in. I had to manually clip the prongs to fit all the fixtures I tried them in. Seeing as how they're branded for a G8 base you'd think they'd fit in G8 bulb sockets...But, they were fixable with some elbow grease.
Two bulb legs broke off two of them, as I was soldering them into the board. Ridiculous. Other than that, the remainder worked fine.
I have two of these lights. One works better than the other. Neither is a good asNewhouse Lighting NHCLP-LED-BLK 3-watt Energy-efficient Clamp LED Lamp, Black, which is also available at Amazon for a few dollars more. The problems with this lamp:The clamps don't hold well. I had to try several different locations before I got the lamp to stay where I wanted it.The gooseneck is too flimsy. It is hard to keep the light where you want it.The LED light is a bit harsh in a dark room where this is the only light and you are reading. (Isn't that what this is for?)The lamp also shares a common problem with many devices like this. The transformer that converts household current into the low voltage used by the LEDs is at the very end of the power cord. When you plug it into the power outlet, it blocks not only the one you plug it into, but the one next to it. I had to use a power strip to plug in two lamps, and lost four spaces instead of two. There is an alternative design, putting the transformer in the middle of the cord, that avoids this problem. Maybe that costs more, and price seems to be the major differentiation between different products like this.Do yourself a favor and get the Newhouse Lamp instead of this one.
I purchased this for my son to use while hes doing his school work and reading in bed. The good thing is that he can use it on his desk and his bed via the headboard. The arch neck sometimes just falls so it doesnt hold that arch for long periods of time could be cheaply made. Another issue that we noticed was that the light would get hot, equivalent to an incandescent. I purchased this because it was LED and it seemed like it was durable. I think it should be in the 15 dollar range or less, not worth over that....
Porter Cable has a design flaw with the trigger locking switch.  To use this in a router table, your must lock the trigger on and use a switch located on top of the router to turn it on.  The problem is the switch lock breaks easily and the router will not function properly.  I found this out the first time I used it in my table and sent it away to be fixed.  After the fix, the repair lasted 20 minutes.  I am now looking for another router to use in my table.  I will only use the 7529 for hand held applications where I constantly hold down the trigger myself.  Porter Cable should have a recall on this. I am not the only person with this problem.  I posted my problem on a tool chat room and other woodworkers shared the same story.  If you want to use this router for a router table, get another router.  Save yourself the trouble.
I could not believe that the PC teck said that plunge routers all have play in the shaft. The right side has such play that you can tilt the router base by applying pressure to one side even when locked and he said this is normal! I have a RE600 Ryobi that is solid in all positions.  I tested the DeWalt621 and with one post it was solid.  The depth adjustment is also very hard to set, you have to turn it many revolutions to get it to adjust. The dust shield falls off easily. I returned it after one day.
I prefer brass. The Porter Cable guides are fine, they install easily, center easily, and perform flawlessly,, Most of the time. Just once in a while though, they fail completely. Steel, no matter how you protect it, will eventually corrode. Mine turned white and rusted, not all over, but on one side or the other. My guides often get removed from the case and hauled out to the job-sites while attached to the router. Early, foggy mornings and those sudden summer-time cloud bursts, expose my tools to far more of the elements than I like. So maybe,, it's my fault. But brass just hasn't let me down yet.Search "brass template guide set" and be amazed at the difference in price and the fact of the quality of these "no-brand" guides. Occasionally you may need to shine them up a little, but being solid brass, that's not a big problem. I've used both steel and brass on door hinge templates, dovetail templates, stair tread templates and strike plate templates. Brass just slides easier, smoother. On dovetail templates, especially plastic and soft aluminum the brass guides show less wear on the surfaces that the guides contact.I'm sorry P.C. ,,, I can't recommend these guides.I saw a review with a problem, the steel guides were too long and reached past the bottom of the dovetail template. With brass you can simply file the guide down to size to get the right length. Simple.
Porter Cable 42000 Template Guide KitI've had a 42000 template guide kit since the mid 1990's.  The set works OK, but my advice is to buy another brand.  The P/C kit comes in a cheap & fragile hard plastic case that must have cost all of ten cents to make and the components are held in place with inexpensive cardboard separators.  In addition, after a dozen years or so, every component in my set had corroded terribly -- the metal looked similar to very old aluminum storm windows, pits and all. It's not clear why this happened, since they've never been outside the basement workshop, and no other tools corroded.  The corrosion caused significant resistance when screwing on the lock-nuts. Steel wool reduced the roughness of the corrosion, but the pieces still look dreadful.The three largest guides in the P/C set are too long for numerous dovetail jigs, such as the Leigh jig.  It's possible to modify them to work with these jigs, by hack-sawing the excess length off the offending guides, flatten the cut end on a grinder and sanding the edge smooth.  A no-cost approach.If you want steel guides, the Milwaukee's 49-54-0700 set comes with a nice case, and the steel finish looks a whole lot better than P/C's.  Unfortunately, the three largest guides in the Milwaukee set are also too long for many dovetail jigsIn any case, brass is a better material for guides than steel, because brass is easier on a rotating router bit if it ever touches a guide.  Once, near a day's end of routing doors for hinges, my template's locking ring came loose, allowing the guide to touch the spinning bit, and the locking ring to rub against the router-bit lock nut.  Since the guide and ring were brass, no noticeable damage to the bit or router occurred.  Had I been using any steel template with a steel locking ring, the bit or router could have been damaged.  Try "brass router template" via Goggle - and buy a kit made of solid brass, in a decent case, for less money than this set.  Also check out the Woodstock International H3134 Brass Bushing set at Amazon.
I bought this sander and tried it on a group of pine butt jointed boards.  It is too unstable.  It tends to tip at the slightest opportunity towards the motor side.  Even a slight pressure on the back causes a gash in your work.  I spent more time removing scrapes and gashes than smoothing my work.  Very frustrating.  I am going to try a different brand as the others seemed to be more stable in the store and didn't tip so easily.
This thing is too big to work with and awkward to hold.  The profile holders come off the machine during use and the adhesive paper doesn't hold to them well.  The H&amp;L paper work well on the triangle foot, but you can get something easier to user for a lot less money.  All in all you need something smaller, lighter and with (wire or other) clambs to hold the paper.
Works nice when it works, which is not very often.I've had 3 separate failures in 3 years of occasionalhobbyist use.  I have now spent more on ordering partsfor this POS than I spent on the original sander.
I am very disappointed with this sander.  I thought it would work great for sanding large table tops.  Instead I have found that a large belt sander (4x24) followed by a finishing sander does a much better and quicker  job.  I have the Porter Cable 4x24 sander and the Porter Cable 330  finishing sander.
This sander is great in the beginning.  It works like a well built machine, and then, it happens.  For some reason, this thing gets out of balance and ceases to do a good job.  It wobbles all over the place.  My  shop owns 6 of these that were all bought at the same time, now after one  year of daily use, 4 of them are unusable because of the  counter-balance.PROS** Can apply alot of pressure** Very  strongCONS** Gets out of balance** Brushes hard to change** 2  hand sander
PC 97366 has so much vibrations that I had to give it gift to my enemy..  Horrible...  then within a week , I got a Xmas Gift of Home Depot Card and I used it to buy Rigit Sander from Home Depot for $139...  ( I SAID , I CAN RETURN IT IF I DON'T LIKE IT )WHAT A SURPIRISE THEN...  THE RIGID IS SUPREME SANDER WITH ZERO PAIN IN HAND AND AWESOME GERMAN BUILT ...  GREAT BUILD QUALITY AND 3 YEAR WARRANTY...  YOU CAN'T MISS THAT...I CANNOT BELIEVE HOW GOOD RIGID SANDERS ARE...  BYE PORTER CABLE...
To make something out of what appears to be a hard plastic type of material, then mount it on something that does random orbits and except it to last is like mixing oil and water.Got tired of replacing these pads, the cost adds up quick, figured there had to be a better way. Came up with a method that works very good so thought I would share the idea.What I did was to get a small piece of metal, for me I used what is called a Simpson Strong Tie. This is a piece of rectangular metal with many holes in it.  Is used in construction to hold boards together by nailing the plate across the joint. Found these to be both cheap and tough enough to last and thin enough not to cause problems.Simply cut it to fit the circular base, small enough not to block the vacuum holes. Marked and drilled holes just large enough for the mounting screws. Using JB Weld, attached this cut out to the hook and loop base. When the epoxy was set up good enough, mounted the pad back onto the sander letting it sit 24 hours before using.The metal will make the pad last a long time and will not egg shape like the plastic does.Works very well!!
While this trimmer might be fine for quick roundovers and the like, it lacks the refinement and precision necessary for fine woodworking and production work. Careful observers will notice that the base and motor are not perfectly perpendicular to one another. There is too much slop in the height adjustment mechanism and set knob. Too, the base itself is not perfectly flat (place a sheet of 400 grit sandpaper on a flat table and run the base plate over it a few times. High and low spots will quickly become apparent.) All in all, the 7310 is very underwhelming in its quality and precision. As far as the &quot;Rotozip&quot; style trimmers go, the DeWalt and Bosch models offer better quality and refinement then this PC, though they, too, suffer from some of the same problems.By far the better alternative is the tried-and-true Porter Cable 310 production router. This model has long been a favorite of professional cabinetmakers (the guys in my shop own two or three each), but it is somewhat unknown to the woodworking public at large. It is not made for mass market consumers (Home Depot/Lowes don't carry it), and PC has instead promoted the 7310 trimmer as its mainstay trim router. The 7310 trimmer, however, is but a shadow of the 310. Read some of the reviews on the 310 and you'll see what I mean. The 310 is truly a fine machine. At $100, the 7310 is not a great value. At $159, the 310 is worth every penny. Spend more now and you'll be very satisfied with the knowledge that you own the very best. More importantly, your work will show the wisdom of your choice.Sadly, Porter Cable no longer sells the excellent offset, angle, and other optional bases for the 310. If you need these you can acquire them used or new-old-stock, but they are getting harder to find. The premium prices of these trimmers and optional bases found on Ebay attest to the loyal following the 310 has. These bases are available for the 7310, but you will still have to deal with the inferior design and quality of that trimmer. Again, go with the DeWalt or Bosch if you need a complete trim kit with all the bases. If you don't need them, get the 310 and you'll be set for life. You'll be glad you did.
The bulbs that came with our flashlites lasted for 2 years, these bulbs lasted for 2 weeks.  I was shocked to see HD getting $9.99 for 1 bulb so i tried these.  I don't know what is different, but the $9.99 bulb is still working.
My local big box store sold me this bulb for my Porter Cable 18v Lithium Flashlight (model PCL-180FL). After about one half hour of continuous use the flashlight stopped working.  Upon opening up the lens holder I discovered the bulb had melted through the bulb holder.  Fortunately, the Porter Cable service rep took pity on me and is mailing me replacement parts so I can fix my flashlight. None the less, before buying this bulb, make sure it is truly compatible with your flashlight or you may end up destroying your flashlight.  The correct bulb for the Porter Cable 18v series of flashlights (e.g. PCL-180FL and PCL-18FL) is a KPR 18v 0.3amp krypton bulb(Porter Cable part number #90534275).Ultimately what Porter Cable/Dewalt (they are the same company) need to do is release an LED conversion kit for their flashlights.
bought to work on my car in a dark garage. The battery base hardly gets the lamp on it's feet unless you have a long irregular surface. there's one spot on my engine (over the fuse box) where it can stand.even then, the wire that holds the light up does NOT support the weight. i'm always having to leave the cable in a weird position so it does not succumb. it's very frustrating. the reach of the arm is practically zero as i always have to leave the lamp dropped somewhere. it can never be raised on the metal arm.Look at the pictures. see that the ONLY pic with the lamp raised it's almost vertical? that's the ONLY position the arm will hold. deviate one degree and it falls to the floor in slow motion.i'm now using it as an expensive lantern around the house for when the lights goes out.
march 23rd this scroll saw will be 1 year old, machine is making knocking sound . have to bring it in to service center . this machine for the price should last years under mild use . this machine lasted under a year with only about 2 months of total use . Not happy .
It had it for 5 weeks before it just quit completely. I brought to the local Dewalt repair center per Dewalts service center recommendation. After waiting 2 weeks for it to be repaired, I called them and they said they had to send it off to the factory and it would be another week. After another week they said it would be another week so I called Dewalt to ask how long it should take and they said it was between me and the service center. I asked if they would call and find out what was going on and they said no. I asked what a resonable time frame for repair was and they said 2 to 3 weeks but it was up to the service center if they would issue a new one to me. I got the number to the factory and they said another week. I notice on the box it says made in Tawian and not Canada, so I am guessing even if I don't get it for another few weeks I mightg as well wait since they will all have problems because of low production quality in Tawian. Every tool I have ever bought from them in the last two years except my router has quit working, I think I will quit buying thier products.My problem has been resolved by Dewalt they are sending me a new unit.
I guess its my fault, I bought a new DeWalt scroll saw and figured since the saw got 4 and 5 star reviews the light was safe to buy. I was wrong. I attached this light to my saw and it will not hold its position. There are reviews going back all the way to 2006 with this issue and DeWalt still has not corrected the problem, I am losing faith in the company named DeWalt, it's bad enough they are being ran by the same people who run Black and Recker, but DeWalt had always seemed to build a quality product, but since they made Porter Cable a second or third tier tool company it seems DeWalt may be on the same path as PC is on. It's a shame, too few real companies own too many tool company names. They have eliminated their competition by buying them up and keeping their name, so today you have 5 or 6 tool lines being built in the same factory coming down the same Chinese assembly line. They seem to have sacrificed quality and workmanship to save a buck or two so they can sell their tools in the Big Box stores. DeWalt and Porter Cable use to be top of the line tool companies, a tool you could buy for a little extra cash but would last forever, not anymore.
My last Dewalt scroll saw work light was everything I could ask for and had no problem ordering another one 3 years later.  This one looks exactly the same but the flexible neck does not want to stay in any position but straight for more than a few seconds.  Somehow they must have changed materials or specifications and got it way wrong.  I will have to make modifications to the saw to try and improve the function of the light.  Needless ot say I was disappointed based on the performance of the one from 3 years ago.
Overall, this is an "ok" light that I will probably replace with something else - I should have read the reviews a little more carefully prior to ordering this.  The light's arm is not strong enough to hold the light in the "up and over" position I want it to be in - you are basically stuck with it being just a couple of inches away from your work.  That was probably what the designers had in mind as the can is only rated for a 25 watt bulb that is a pain in the neck to screw in (why does it have to be so tight fitting?); I like a lot of light around my projects, and even with every light in my shop on plus this little scroll saw light it is barely adequate.I would save your money and buy a separate light that cranks out the power - you want to be able to see your work without the distraction of the light can being so close to your project.
I bought two of these but Dewalt designed them and the saw poorly.Holes on both sides of the saw are in the exact same place so when you put in both, they can only be pushed in half way, so they stick out.They also fit sloppy, not something I would expect from Dewalt.What they should have done is offset the holes so they could be pushed in for storage. Other saws do this, its not hard.Other than that, they work fine.
These extension wings will be fine if you want them permanently mounted on your saw. I returned them because they are not easily removeable for saw storage. My Hitachi saw has similar wings that slide in and out with one top mounted set screw, the Dewalt requires mounting from beneath the saw and are not made to install and remove readily, so I returned the items.I decided on the Porter-Cable PC136MS Universal Mobile Miter Stand for my DW716 miter saw. The Porter-Cable stand is well worth the money and Amazon has is for less than I paid and shipping is free. The stand is excellent. I also used separate roller stands for support for my 20-foot long 2x8's I was cutting.
The Dewalt looked good in the store but I've been a little disappointed.  The machine needs a soft start on the motor to keep it from jumping when you pull the trigger.  Once I learned to maintain an iron grip, I realized that the mark that is supposed to indicate the height of the cut from the fence (or sole plate) is much too far off to be useful at all.  Most of the time you don't need to use the mark - if you just maintain reference surfaces carefully, all will align ok - but sometimes one has to use the marks and on this machine the marks aren't accurate at all.  Having to make complicated setups and test cuts sort of overcomes the purpose of the machine - which is to increase speed.  Finally, on my machine, I notice that when using the sole plate as the reference, actually the aluminum casting extends below the sole plate, so that the sole plate doesn't sit flat on the reference table.  Yes, it can be fixed with a (substantial) bit of filing.... but having to go to this extreme on a new tool, which may not be the most expensive but even so certainly isn't cheap, doesn't seem reasonable to me.I know that some claim that the biscuits aren't for alignment but that's nonsense.... since the initially-compressed biscuits expand to fill the slot, then by definition they WILL align the parts.  Or, misalign them if the slots are a little off.  Plate joining seems like a faster alternative to mortise and tenons when the full goodness isn't needed, but this Dewalt isn't a precision instrument.
Everything about this was awesome, except that the unit I bought, the blade was slightly out of parallel with the fence; about 1/32" higher on one side of the cut.If I could guarantee a parallel cut, I'd buy this again; until then, going with a PC or Makita.
The cast aluminum base had a hump in the casting 90 degrees to the plunge travel.  Don't expect to get good results with a tool that references the base to a flat surface when the tool rocks back and forth on its base.  Yes the issue can be resolved with enough elbow grease.  Just apply spray contact adhesive to the back side of coarse grit sandpaper,and stick it to the flat surface of a cast iron jointer table.  Then rub it flat, and reattach the somewhat less than sturdy aluminum base plate.  I just don't like having to do makeshift finishing work on a poorly manufactured tool.  And no, I didn't send it back for an exchange (not purchased from Amazon).  It only took the better part of one day to flatten the base.  It would have taken two weeks for an exchange, which may or may not have been from the same production run with the same exact issue.  Who knows?In summary I have been duped by advertizing to expect that tools with DeWalts name on them should perform reasonably well out of the box.  This one did not.  Being gullible is my own fault so I am only deducting three stars.  Not because the tool did not eventually work well, but because although I paid DeWalt; they didn't pay me to do their work for them.
The face of the edge guide that touches the workpiece is a problem on the unit I got.It has two pieces, basically split vertically in half if the router is also vertical.  One of my pieces is bent slightly towards the workpiece, or perhaps one piece is bent slightly away.  It still works, but honestly is my most disappointing purchase as far as quality goes; not good for very accurate cutting.
DeWalt tools are not great, to reveal my bias up-front. This one, however, is especially bad. The fence is a piece of stamped steel that is not very precise. Two plastic (ABS, I think, not even nylon) rectangles cover the fence and then a shoddily cast alignment mechanism sits off the back end. The alignment mechanism can rotate about 10 degrees in either direction along the stamped steel fence (not intentionally, either, it just sucks and is imprecise) and there is a lot of slop in the whole design.One of the worst attributes of this guy is that because it's so loose and sloppy, you can't get repeatable measurements - even if you align a clamp on a workpiece and then expect the fence to act as a &#34;stop&#34;, the distance from the router bit to each end of the fence can shift slightly as you use the tool, so your results end up being slightly off at all times. Really pretty horrible, considering that routers are precision tools.The only reason this gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that the steel rods were fairly straight. I know it sounds trivial, but that's apparently a lot to ask for with DeWalt. Seriously, buy a different router/edge guide if you can.
I purchased the Dewalt because their tools are historically of good quality. This sander does not seem to take too much off even if you use 80 grit paper (my little mouse sander does better job) and as for other features, I agree with the others that the dust port keeps falling off and the switch is suspect. But my variable speed option still works though.  After using it on a project for about 20 hours, the bearings went and I had to get it fixed.  Once this sander quits on me, I think I'll opt for the Porter Cable.
I own this sander because it came as a freebie promotional perk with my DeWalt planer (check out my DW733 planer review if you're interested).The sander has problems.  First, I'm not a big fan of forced-air dustbags in the first place, but this one is particularly annoying because it always falls off from the sander's own vibration.  I ended up having to put a self-tapping screw in it, which I then have to undo before emptying the bag.  Lame.Second, the bigger problem is that the random-orbit mechanism appears to have failed after only about four hours of use.  The pad is no longer rigid--it wobbles off-axis and it's all I can do to hold it flat on the workpiece while sanding.  It tries to dance around all over the stock--I literally cannot move it in a straight line while it's running.  I've been a journeyman architectural woodworker for nearly ten years, so I think I'm qualified to say that the unit is not functioning as it should.I'm going to try to get some resolution from DeWalt, which I should say has been pretty good in the past with other issues.  However, since it was a gimme along with the planer, I'm not holding my breath.I'll post an update when I can get in touch with DeWalt.
I found that it was necessary to keep retightening the chuck if the operation involved any amount of vibration, like using a hole saw in plywood. I have a DeWalt drill with a keyless chuck and it stays tight in the same circumstances.For some reason DeWalt includes a cheap plastic storage case with some drills but not with others. The cases are made of very flimsy material with crude fasteners. Buying one for a drill that comes only with its cardboard box involves spending nearly $40.  Milwaukee and Makita provide sturdy plastic cases with their drills so I don't know why DeWalt does not do the same.
I bought one of these for my father, a retired electrician who occasionally still takes jobs.  At first, he loved this little drill.  The only shortcomings he noticed in the beginning were the lack of a keyless chuck and the fact that the paddle-switch could be dangerous if you weren't paying close attention to what you were doing.  In the end though, what became this drills downfall was the cheap construction inside the housing.  After only a few jobs, a plastic component around the motor cracked, allowing the teeth to slip under strain.  A DeWalt service shop charged... to fix this problem.  The second hole it drilled after that caused the gears to give out.  It was a great idea, but DeWalt needs to send this one back to the design board for more work...  I wish now that I had spent the extra money on the bigger DeWalt right angle drill.
I picked this drill up at Home Depot where the display and box said "Drywall and Deck" Drill. Now I was buying the drill to do some framing 2x4 to 2x4's with 2 1/2 screws. I found that the drill bit would bounce around and spin in the screws at the slightest provcation. I ended up pre-drilling each hole. Even still slow or fast it would bounce out and begin the stripping. Oddly about every 4 screws zip in one would go. I finished the job. My 14.4 Dewalt cordless drove them in flawlessly. I even tried the same bit in this one and no luck. I think the problem was the degree of speed was difficult to control and the drill over rev'ed. Larger treaded drywall screws were no problem. This is not a deck screw drill.
The first unit would not allow the spreader to snap/lock into it's frame, so I returned it and just received another one which the spreader locked into OK.  After installing and straightening the item to the table, the spreader was offset from the blade by more than 1/8th of an inch,.....top and bottom!  Due to the resctictive lower bolt hole, in this device, there is no lateral adjustment available to line the spreader up with the blade. I have a 2006 left tilt 36-L31X Unisaw and according to the information for this item, it should have worked on my saw. I contacted Delta for advise...they had no answer, and said to return the item. I noticed that the spreader metal is quite soft as it was not straight right out of the box.  I suppose this may be for minor adjustments.  The anti kick back units are also quite soft as one of those was bent and laying against the spreader.  Definitely not the quality of Delta of yesteryear!
I bought this to complete my Unisaw workstation - I have a small shop and it seemed like the perfect solution for long rip cuts. If I had the space to spare I'd build large island around the saw and have support at all sides. Alas, I do not.SO: Like I said, this appeared to be the perfect solution. And in theory it is. But my actual experience was miles away from perfect.I have a Delta Unisaw 3 HP right tilt 36-815. It is configured with the dust port on the R hand side and the back has the keyhole slots and holes predrilled to accept this accessory. I assumed this would be a simple matter of carefully following the instructions and I'd be up and running in a few hours tops.FIRST PROBLEM ENCOUNTERED: When I went to bolt on the horizontal supports to the back of the saw cabinet the immovable cast-iron trunnion blocked my access to the predrilled hole. I called Delta where a laconic staffer lazily informed me that he had not heard of that issue before bu I should go ahead and insert the bolt from the outside of the cabinet, counter to the provided instructions. OK, I thought- no big deal. What difference could it make?SECOND PROBLEM ENCOUNTERED: And this is a biggie. The diagonal support brackets that (again) fit into the predrilled keyhole slots on the saw cabinet were TOO LONG. Even when adjusted at their minimum height they forced the horizontal brackets 3/5&#34; out of line! Another call to Delta brought me no joy as they had no record of this issue. Their suggestion was to cut the supports down. I am fortunate to have a good friend who is a welder. He shortened the diagonal support brackets by 3/5&#34;.Finally I get down to bolting the outfeed table on. It goes together nicely, but when I get to the swing-down leg I come to myTHIRD PROBLEM ENCOUNTERED: The spring pin that locks the leg in position does not fit in the predrilled hole. I can't explain this much better and a step-drill bit will make short work of the issue, but it seems like the fitment issues are FAR too plentiful for such a seemingly simple accessory.LASTLY- the two pieces of laminated MDF (or is it particle board?) fit together with a piano hinge. The hinge does not extend the entire width of the board. My outfeed table was slightly bent up at the corner- barely noticeable but enough that a large board would catch on it and bind against the fence. Dangerous! I went and bought some 3&#34; low-profile hinges at the hardware store and used them to join the outfeed table to the other piece of MDF and it brought the two of them in line.All told, this was a miserable experience that cost me time and (had my welder friend not been so generous) money. One would think that a Delta-made product that claims to fit a Delta-made saw ( the Unisaw in particular) would be an obvious choice. As it stands this nearly drove me to drink and made me sad and if I knew the name and address of the individual in charge of Delta Quality Control I would TP his lawn.
I've been using this attachment for a couple of years now. I recommend it only if you cannot afford a bench top mortiser.First, attaching the fence to my 16 1/2" Delta drill press is not easy at all. In fact, it's a real pain in the keester. You would think this would be easy because it is a Delta drill press but it isn't.Second, the workpiece holddowns are cheap and difficult to work with. No matter what you do, the workpiece moves when you don't want it to move, or it stays put when you want it to move. It's not a good design.Third, the chisels do not drill perfectly square holes. The auger bits are just a hair bigger than the chisels. So, you end up with a circle with square corners. This effect is more pronounced the bigger the chisel/bit.I finally ditched the table accessories and built my own table jig (which works surprisingly well and looks cool too). This solved the first two issues. If it is really important to have perfectly square mortises, I cut them by hand. This solves the final issue. (Note: the mortises are OK for most joinery because you have a shoulder on the tenon to hide the slightly out of square mortise.)UPDATE I was hanging out at Woodcraft last Saturday and this guy walks in...to return an auger bit.  The pointy tip on the bit was not on the same axis as the drill bit.  He rotated the bit and I looked at the pointy thing, and it was tracking a circle 3/32" in diameter.  That explains why the drll won't drill a square hole.
This item worked as advertised -- converting my benchtop drillpress into a mortiser in about 10 minutes.  Though it's tough to get square and set, once you do it doesn't move much.  The parts are all solidly made and the fit and finish is just fine.  Comes with a nice assortment of bits too.  I will say that the chisels "cooked" (turned blue) pretty quick, but that may have been my own mistake.The only problem is that the whole thing is a bad idea.  There are lots of reviews out there that talk about the convenience of this type of unit, but there are a few GREAT discussions about what a dupe it is.  Notably, [...]covered this device with an accurate review.This item is no substitute for a benchtop mortiser, but a good plunge router or a drill/chisel is!  A benchtop mortiser is supposed to save you time and give you better quality.  I'd argue that the time spent setting this thing up (and taking it back down), could be better spent either building a jig for router cut mortises or cutting them "manually" using a drill and chisel.  The quality of the cuts it makes is so-so, meaning you have to tune them by hand anyway.  So, on both the convenience and quality front it falls short.When you consider the cost, it's a no brainer.  For what you'd spent on this tool, you're half way to a SUPER plunge router -- or a "real" benchtop mortiser -- and all the way to a good used or refurbished one.  The router's more versatile, so the money you spend gets you a lot more.  I'd definitely recommend a harbor freight mortiser over this unit.So... it does what it's supposed to do -- pretty well in fact.  To me though, the whole idea is a bad one, and your money is better spent on another tool that will give you better quality mortises and a lot more capability.
Overall, I wish that I had applied the purchase price of this drill press attachment to the purchase of a stand-alone mortising machine.When mine arrived I was disappointed with the fit and finish.  The unit that holds the work piece is made from cast iron.  Unfortunately, only one face had been machined smooth.  The supplied bolts would not slide the length of the slots in the cast iron work piece holder.  I took the unit to my local machine shop to have work piece holder re-machined.  That added almost $50.00 to the purchase price.  The photo of the product shows a nicely painted  assembly - mine was unpainted cast iron.In use I needed almost every C-clamp I owned to hold it firmly to my drill press - in addition to the supplied hold down hardware.  Aligning the cutter to be square with the edge of the work piece is almost impossible.
The build quality of this unit is very good, however the design leaves a bit to be desired.  There are a number of negatives and annoyances which leave me wishing I had bought one of the other brands.There's no dust collection port.  That seems silly, and I kick myself for not having noticed that before buying it.  I thought something this expensive should have that basic feature.You can't open the saw cabinet once this is installed.  Being that this is made by Delta, you'd think they would have noticed that problem and prevented it.No provision for the switch cabling.  They give you a place to mount the switch in a convenient location, but no good way to route the wires.  I drilled the tube myself and ran them through.The add-on "kit" to use this with a Biesemeyer fence is just a flat piece of metal, and it's too soft/thin so it flexes and fails to support everything properly.  The price is ludicrous for what you get.  You're much better off buying a piece of angle iron and drilling it yourself.Overall, for the expensive price of this, I expected much more.  The Biesemeyer guard is much better designed and has dust collection.  It may not have the remote switch, but I'd rather have DC and be able to open my saw cabinet.  I'd take any of the others instead of this one.
I purchased this for my jointer, but after setting all the pieces together on my bench, I realized the smallest width it could be was 16". My jointer measures 12". I had to put a plywood base into the finished framework to set the jointer on. I have the HTC mobil base and for now on thats what I will purchace. As with the other reviewers, It's sloppy with the 1 1/2" boards. The back roller run on the outside edges because of the slop. They tell you to drill 7/16" holes and that is way to big. For those of you that don't have a drill press, you need to mark both sides of the boards and drill from both sides. This will give you a more accurate hole. I am verry dissapointed with this mobil base.
I have two of these mobile bases and an HTC mobile base. I prefer the HTC because the foot lever on the Delta protrudes into the shop walking area and causes a tripping hazard. I've tripped over them many times and tehy get in the way when I use the tools. The foot actuated operation is nice(although it tips the tool at angle uncomfortably far from vertical) but in my small shop, I need all the real estate I can get. I plan to replace the Deltas with HTCs when I can afford it. The HTC base uses two locking knobs to keep the wheels from moving while the tool is in use. It's less convenient than a foot lever, but it works well.
I think these would be great for lighter homeowner type tools or tools that are somewhat light to start with such as drill presses and band saws. I actually purchased it for a Rockwell cabinet saw. The saw is simply to heavy for the light weight metal these are made out of. However, I like the concept so well that one of these days I might just go to the metal yard and get some steel tubing and weld up something a bit more stout for the saw. I will probably take this and use it on some other machine. So my recommendation would be it is OK for a contractor type table saw but not a light industrial iron table saw, jointer, or planer.
I have urgently replaced this base (suppose to be mobile base) by HTC2000. Absolutely no contest. Wheels are too small to keep equipment parallel to the floor surface. In addition, it is not as sturdy as HTC2000; is more expensive and is more cumbersome.
My friend bought this from Amazon and loved the saw...Only thing he complained about was Amazon charged him Shipping cost.. which used to be free.I would recommend buying at local stores instead of Amazon as beauty of Buying from Amazon is Gone !!!.. they now charge a Shipping fee...Checkout local stores and compare how much you will save before buying from Amazon.
I have owned and have regularly used this saw for over three years. As others have pointed out it is almost impossible to get 100 percent accurate cuts from this saw. Tightening the lock down knob does push the blade out of alignment. The only thing you can do to improve this is to not over tighten the knob, but keeping the blade from shifting is still problematic. There is also some play in the blade which allows it to deflect slightly from the work piece, no matter how expensive or stiff a blade you use (worse when cutting hardwoods). But I've discovered that miter saws by their nature aren't accurate enough for fine work. To get extremely accurate crosscuts you need to use an accurately tuned table saw.
I did get this thing to work, but barely.1) The centering pin is too short, so that only the tip reaches the workpiece.  This means that if you drill the recommended size pilot hole, you get a very sloppy fit.  Even with a smaller hole, you have to hold down the point quite firmly, bending the metal arm.  I'll be using a 3/32 or smaller hole, rather than the recommended 13/64.2) The scale doesn't make sense.  Cutting a 140mm hole, the 170mm mark was centered on the blade.  The 140mm mark wasn't aligned with anything in particular.3) It just doesn't have the solid quality of the Bosch power tools I have bought recently.Tip: Cut very slowly, and you can get a good circle.  The manual mentions cutting slowly, but the required speed is slower than I would have guessed.  It works fine once you find the right pace, but practice on a scrap!
It's not really all that bad -- as far as it goes -- a piece of plastic with a metal rod that will let you cut along a reasonably parallel edge -- and if I had paid a few dollars for it at a discount store I'd say that's fine.  But it's got Bosch's name on it and cost more than a few dollars.  Very unclear instructions written on the packaging cardboard.  All in all, a disappointemnt.  I really should've heeded the other reviewers -- when half the reviews are three stars or less that's usually not a good sign.  Doh!!The description also doesn't specify the maximum width of the cut -- I was looking for something around a 1 foot offset -- only works to about 8 inches.
I brought the new 1618EVS to the job and after routing D pine for all togeather maybe 3 hrs. (NOT continuous running time) I smoked the motor.  After a long conversation with the authorized tool service center I sent it in for a complete motor rebuild.  They assured me it would come back assembled to tighter specs. than what it was manufactured at.  I was skeptical that it would be returned to me in any decent workable condition yet two years later I'm still milling trim with it.  However I'm still waiting for that day, in the middle of some job, where it will start spewing smoke out of the motor housing again.I do like the soft start and constant RPM features.The D-handle is very comfortable, and I find it helps to keep me accurate.I have to agree with the other reviewers that it's too difficult to remove the motor from the base.  I do the router dance - I clamp the router between my knees and twist the motor away from the base with all I got to seperate the two pieces.  Ugghh!! Wayyy too cavemanish.There is a plunge base available for this motor yet I'm hesitant to buy it because the power cord coming out of the motor is only 5-6 inches long (it plugs into the top of the D-handle).  That means the power cord will connect to the extension cord right at the router base.  That can't be practical.I don't really know what else is out there for the same price.  This router maybe an OK value for the $.
While it is pretty light, this model just has too many design issues to be worth the premium lifestyle brand price.For starters, the dust bag is awful and the sander would be better off without it. There is absolutely nothing on either the dust port or the bag itself that is capable of creating a seal, so you invariably end up with a steady stream of dust shooting right into your face no matter how much you tighten that little screw. Odds are good that port's going to clog up on you in a big hurry, too.Next up is the tension release lever--it's plastic. Not that ultra sturdy kind of plastic they make milk crates and flight cases out of that lasts forever, but the cheap kind that goes brittle as it outgasses. In this price range, I expect to get a tool that's going to last several years, but this is one part that is very obviously going to break much sooner than that. Frankly, it feels like it's going to snap off every time you use it.Then there's the little graphite pad they put over the platen. This wears down very, very quickly and you're going to have to special order replacements. What's worse is that 3" belts don't quite cover the entire thing, so after about 10 minutes worth of usage you'll have worn a groove into it that leaves you with a 1/8" strip on the side sitting flush with the belt itself. Can you say ugly black streaks everywhere? I knew that you could.Lastly, the handle bugged me. There's no good way to pick this thing up (or set it down) without accidentally bumping the trigger. I have no doubt that this would have eventually resulted in something very bad happening had I decided to keep it.If it were maybe half the current price, I'd consider it a viable contender as I do like the weight, the flat platen, and the flat top, but I'm going to have to go with the Makita on this one. If plastic and "good enough" performance are your cup of tea, Ryobi's even cheaper.
Sure , Swiss sourced , German design , Bosch Name ......ALL FAILThe world of tool use is a jungle , and this sander dies quick.The  belt release lever is of molded PLASTIC that weakens with stress cycles and breaks off.....no matter how you baby it ....The thing is not fit for it's intended useAn expensive shadow of a sander
I've had some problems with my unit.  First, though, the good side...I've been using this since July, 2006, which has given me enough experience with the machine to write a credible review.  The unit is powerful, without being unmanageable.  It's light enough to be able to use on vertical surfaces and runs relatively cool and quietly...although I found that a set of noise canceling headphones helps tremendously to reduce the racket. It also was designed with a nice flat top, so the sander can be turned upside down and used to (carefully!) hand sand small parts and sharpen some tools.Now, the not so good stuff...The tracking control on my unit has to be adjusted all the way over to one side to prevent the belt from working it's way off the two pulleys.  Even at that point, where the knob can't turn any more, the belt runs at a ~5 degree angle to the chassis.The graphite wear pad does indeed wear.  Quickly.  I go through one for every five or six belts.  This may be normal or due to the mistracking...I'd be in a better position to evaluate if I had one that tracked correctly for comparison.I've had problems with sanding dust plugging the insides of the sander; once to the point that I had to completely dissemble it to clean it out.  The optional Bosch exhaust hose (VAC001) that connects the sander to a Shop-Vac is made out of very thin ridged plastic and doesn't pass enough air through it to keep the Shop-Vac's motor from revving up and whining.  Active exhaust certainly helps clear the sanding dust, but, without sufficient cooling air, I'm concerned about the impact on my Shop-Vac's motor life.All in all, I'm rating this sander as three stars.  I'd be happier if the local Bosch repair shop told me that the tracking was abnormal, but they said that it was ok...
Made Communist ChinaThis tool is probably okay for the do-it-yourselfer. However, if you are earning a living with your tools stick with American or German or Japanese manufactured tools.I found that the side grip requires the use of the extension bar. In simple low torque drilling applications the side handle cannot be used without the extension. this makes drilling in close quarters more difficult.Milwaukee once had a great reputation for American-made quality. Unfortunately they have gone the cheap route, and have succeeded.
I'm a contractor who demands a lot from my tools. I've owned the Makita LS1013 for 3+ years and am in the market for a new saw.  I really liked the saw's features when I first purchased it, but I had to bring it in to a Makita repair shop within the first year.  Ever since it has been on the road to ruin.  I've had it worked on five times having had the miter locking mechanism replaced twice, the safety switch replaced twice (it falls out and gets lost - I now have a screw in its place), the fence replaced once (now needing its second replacement), switch replaced; miter bearing track under the table replaced twice (again the aluminum against steel thing); etc....Positives of the saw: Tilted Motor (convenient &amp; powerful), self cleaning sliders, wide base.Negatives: Miter locking mechanism is a threaded steel rod going into aluminum housing which quickly strips (I'm on #3); aluminum fence warps (I'm on #2 and now need #3 - I think this is due to seasonal temperature changes it experiences in the back of my pick-up truck); rear bevel lock requires clearance deeper than the table; slop in the miter angle detents (they wear out).I would recommend this saw to cabinetmakers, picture framers and those who have a shop set-up.  For people like me who need a saw to hold up from job-site to job-site, this isn't your saw.  Beware of too many features and too much aluminum, it just means there is more to go wrong.  I'd gladly trade in the weight of a cast iron base and fence saw like they used to make because they hold up.  For now, I'm going back to the Hitachi (not the version with the laser).Keep in mind, power tools made today are priced low because they are considered disposable.  I suppose 3 years of everyday use might be considered a decent life span against the money it has allowed me to make.  Still, I'd prefer fewer features for longevity and toughness.
This saw used to be the end-all in portable table saws.  It's still as tough as they come, but Makita has done little to improve it's features in the twenty years I've been working.  It is lightweight, but the fence and sliding angle guide are highly inaccurate.  If you buy this saw, I recommend purchasing the Rousseau table with it to ensure an accurate fence, outfeed and extension tables.  Unfortunately, the cost of both table and saw exceed that of buying a truly good job-site table saw such as the Bosch, DeWalt or Porter Cable.  I'm really surprised, too, because Makita offers (in my opinion) the best 10&quot; sliding compound miter saw on the market.  If all you're doing is framing, buy the Makita.
I got this saw as a gift when I moved into my new house.  I didn't know much about table saws then.  I noticed that I was getting some binding and burning - even after squaring the stock fence.  I read some reviews and, unfortunately, plunked down another $300 for the Rosseau table.So it's true - the stock fence is poor.  After getting the Rosseau I had the same problems with inaccuracy, although it had improved.  Getting a better fence and squaring it properly resolved the burnout and binding.  Then I bought the Masterplate and Mastergauge to try to figure out where the inaccuracy was.  I found out that there was runout at the arbor.  There was enough runout on the arbor alone to make fine woodowrking an impossibility on this saw.  The blade guard and splitter are low quality -and laborious to change out.Another problem - the positive stops (detents) at 90 and 45 degrees are inaccurate and, as far as I can tell, impossible to adjust.  At the 90 degree positive stop on the handwheel my blade was about 5 degrees off.  You can get 90 degrees by manually turning the wheel to get there (past the set detent)and then locking it there.  The manual directs you to adjust a screw to adjust the positive detent settings at 90 and 45 degrees.  Well that's a laugh.  You turn the screw counterclockwise (which is supposed to adjust the blade angle) and it just...unscrews.  It does nothing to the blade angle.  Then if you try to manually position the blade and screw it back in to lock the blade in place it forces it back out of square.  I didn't even bother trying to adjust the 45 degree stop after that fiasco.  With this saw you just have to set your bevels manually.As others have said this may be quite good for rough carpentry.  It is light and powerful.  You can cut 4x4 (3.5") on it without a problem.  But if you have any aspirations to do woodworking or cabinetry, forget it.  You will not be able to get square cuts on long boards with any precision.  I am replacing this with a Unisaw.  I'll probably sell this saw and the 2700xl for a loss.This is the first Makita tool I am giving a mediocre review to.  I own the compressor, 2 routers, lithium ion set, circular saw, sliding miter saw and plate joiner.  I thought they were all very well made.  Perhaps this is a better tool than I am giving it credit for, but it just didn't meet my needs.
I had this for my first table saw when I started woodworking. No matter how long I spent adjusting it, I couldn't get the rear of the fence to lock solid, or to lock in the same place every time. VERY frustrating when you're trying to make pieces of plywood with square corners.This is not the same caliber tool as Makita's hand tools.It may work OK for carpenters, but compared to woodworking, they don't need any kind of precision. For that, a good contractor saw like a Jet would be good. But do spend the money for the upgraded fence. The stock fences on those are garbage too. If you really need a lightweight, compact saw, look at the DeWalt and the Bosch.
I got this sander to have the addition of a dust collection system that my made in france B&D; had a dust collection system but I went for the $12 less same model without it , huge mistake .I did look at and plug in a porter cable and dewalt that were close to the same price range with much the same features and I will admit the dewalt was pretty quite .This is not how I would describe the makita with any stretch of the imagination .The sole reason I chose the makita was it was the ONLY one that sported a flat base , the others where all bowed down in the center and I did not want to sand same cups shapes into the surface of any wood project I had in process .i got mine before they added the case and I used it for the very first time after it sat in the box for two years .This has to be the loudest sander ever produced , I you want to draw everyones attention and have a small crowd of onlooker develope they will surely do so and have no trouble locating the source of the sounds produced .It also vibrates much more than the older B&D; which was very quiet and smooth .Horrible thing really , the addition of a speed control may be the only thing that saves this sander form being banned to life stored in the box set of the back of a shelf , you could not retain a friendship if you loaned it out or gave it away .I use the old B&B; and follow it's movement with a vacuum hose to pick up most dust , at least you can hold onto it with one hand .I have a makita random orbital with speed control and it is a great tool but there are times where you need something to get into corners but retain your hearing at the same time .This is not a sander you would want to use to sand inside of a open ended wood box , here what you have is a vitual organic noise amplifier just to add to the roar of this makita .
Review said low noise, low vibes....maybe they did not pack the padded gloves and ear muffs in the case. It is horrible. besides down time to load is a joke unless in the last 2 years makita come up with a better solution to the spring tabs.  I shutter every time I need to sand an inside corner to something. I do not like it, never have liked it, and never will like it. If you need one go to a store or trade show and buy one that is quieter with less vibration. TRY IT BEFORE YOU BUY IT. I do not use it unless I absolutely have no choice. As for dust collection anything is better than nothing. My suggestion to avoiding the dust....don't use it.
This finish sander just isn't up to Makita's standards.  It works well when new, but lacks durability.  Even in a non-professional setting, it just doesn't last.  The clamps that hold the paper can work loose and are a major pain to get back in place.  The level of vibration will also increase in fairly short order.  It does sand well, I just wish it was more solidly built.  If you need a solid finish sander, you're better off looking at the Porter-Cable or Dewalt models.
I bought this sander two years ago.  This Makita sander does a good job with final sanding chores, as long as you are outdoors or don't care about noise and dust.  The sander is loud, has poor dust collection, and comes with no vacuum port.  The plastic interior frame on the dust bag broke causing the bag to occasionally fall off.  For the money spent, this sander has been a disappointment.
I boight this router after reading and hearinf some good reviews on it. I've pwned it for a few months now but only took it out to use in the the last couple of days. I ran some roman ogee bits with 1/2" shanks through it and it was perfect. It chewed though the wood flawlwss without loosing speed. It is definitely a good value for money machine if you don't mind it's flaws which I describe below.I also like it's hefty feel and it's weight makes it stable when I use the router for freehand routing. The soft start feature is also great. I intend to build a router station in the future to house this green beast, but I am holding off until I find an easier way to master the art of changing bits with this time consuming system.I have 2 complaints about it.Firstly, the bit system involves holding a spring loaded sleeve (which locks the shaft for bit change)down and tightening the collet with a wrench using your other hand which should be free. I found it so difficult to hold the bit to the correct height (for some specialty bit) as well as hold the spring sleeve tightly locked so that the collet can be tightened with another hand.I also own a craftsman router witn 1 3/4 hp and it has a switch lock which frees one hand to hold down thr router or to adjust router bit height while tightening the collet. I find the craftsman so much easier to change bits.Secondly, the 1/4" reducer collet will NOT hold 1/4" shank bits down. No matter how hard I tighten the collet, my bits keep slipping out after monor cuts. I was using a dovetail bit with a dovetail jig and the bit just kept sliding further down as I cut! I had no problems with 1/2" shank bits, only 1/4" shank bits. Hitachi should do something about redesigning it's collet reducer to grip better.
I've waited about six months before I wrote this review and I've put the saw through some work.  The adage "you get what pay for" is remarkably true for this product.  I purchased this at when Hitachi had a special for under three hundred.  I also got a router.  At the time I thought it was a good deal.  Now I realize this will not be my final shop mitre saw.  That says alot doesn't it.The problem-this saw cannot cut a 4x4 without flipping.  Without modification this saw cannot cut a 4x4 at all.  In order to cut a 4x4 I had to permanantly take off the blade guard and bend the blade guard holder back(it is held to the body of the saw by a small easily stripped phillips screw.  If this saw could cut a 4x4 in one pass I would give it five stars because in others respects it really is solid.
Setting up the rails was easy then it came to assembling the fence. That was also easy. Getting it straight and true was another issue. Not my idea of a good fence. Having to tighten down then check then redo the assembly screws to get it straight is not what i consider quality. Very good saw though. Maybe Jet should stick to that.
This product is really a problem for both the seller and the manufacturer.I received this fence today only to find out that it does not fit my 14" Jet bandsaw, which was a surprise because on the side of the box it claims boldly that "This fence fits ALL Jet 14" bandsaws."The problem is that the fence itself is about 1-1/4" too long for the spacing between the rails. I measured my table and it is just shy of 14" (13-3/4"). The fence, therefore, is built for a table that is 15".I fixed the problem using 1" wooden shims on the back rail and a couple of longer 1/4" 20 screws that were long enough to compensate for the extra depth created by the shims.The locking system was also not working at all, but then I discovered a plastic shim in the box that had fallen off the locking tongue. I glued it on with CA glue and it's now working as it should.In the end, after significant modifications, the fence is square, true, calibrated, functional and locks to the rail, so I'm not going to return it because it would likely be too much bother for too little gain.But buyer beware - especially if you own a Jet bandsaw.
I have this exact machine and it is up to Jet's standards for being solid and decent quality (I also have a Jet 14" Bandsaw).  It is square, sharp, and quiet out of the box and very easy to set up.Unfortunately, in the past 3-4 years, Jet has not changed the design or features on this machine.  My pet peeves are that the fence is too low (although it has holes for attaching your own wood fence) the hold down cannot come below the fence since it is attached to the top of the fence, and finally the bottom surface of the hold down is not machined so it won't hold your material down flat.Delta, on the other hand, has completely upgraded their benchtop mortiser and priced it aggressively (it was cheaper than the Jet, as is also the case here on Amazon as of this review).  I saw them side by side over the weekend at a local retailer and spent some time comparing.Access to change bits on the Jet is adequate while it is much easier on the Delta (one large access door vs 2 smaller doors on the Jet)  The Delta has a rack and pinion on their taller fence while the hold down goes much lower since the fence is cleared out for it.  Wider heavier base.  Two separate locking knobs for the fence.  Nicer handle. On tool storage of extra bits. Nicer quick-knob for hold down adjustment (long lever with adjustable stops for easier, faster locking)If the Jet were priced a good third lower than the Delta, I might be inclined to give it three or *maybe* even four stars since I have had good experience with mine.If this review helps or if you have any questions or comments, please let me know.
I've had this saw for about a year. This is the first band saw I have owned. Everything fit together nicely and have it mounted on mobile base. I also ordered the fence and 6" riser block.  One thing important to remember on any band saw is to use the right kind of blade for the type of sawing you are doing. For example, if you are cutting curves you will probably want to use a narrower blade (1/4" or 3/8") with 12 tpi. For resawing, I use a timberwolf 1/2" 3 tpi blade. This blade is about $30 but makes resawing a pleasure. It's gonna be a little slower cutting then a machine with a 2hp motor but then again the bandsaw is a lot less $ then a lot of the bandsaws out there. If you are a full time professional woodworker you are probably going to want something more robust, if you can afford it. However, for the basement shop(me) or garage shop woodworker it will work just fine. Note: I gave this saw a 5 star rating even though it only shows 2 stars.
I've used one of these with two blades.  One is a thin kerf Freud available at HD and the other is a thick kerf DeWalt.  With the thin kerf Freud I tighten the arbor nut, turn the saw on, turn the saw off, and the blade spins on the arbor.  This is dangerous.  With the thick kerf the arbor nut stays tight but the stabilizer isn't needed with a thick kerf blade.  I'm returning this item.
Received in a perfectly clean, brand new package. Three shims had rust spots the size of dimes. Both .020 shims were cupped as if they just came off a roller. This is Freud quality?
I bought this a year ago, and have just recently been putting it to a lot of use.  After having done several projects now, I am not all that happy with it.  I bought it based on the Freud name and the price.  Does it work, yes.  I can't get flat bottom dado's... Every single time, my dado's have grooving from the outer blades.  This has been true with the 5 different dado widths I have cut.  Bummer..  The holes in the blades are not all the same diameter, this is a minimal difference but some don't even fit on my arbor...  Some are a bit loose... This would probably explain the grooves left in my dado's, and why some people have flat dado's and some don't...  As far as the setup chart with shims and chippers goes... The width configurations are confusing.. This has led to a lot of time testing out shim and chipper configurations... An example of confusing shim/stack setup is 13/32" and 15/32" have the exact same configuration, with no further explanation...  So what is the real measurement of stack A+B+C+D+S1+S2 if two measurements are given? It would have been a lot better to get an actual cut width and ply width designation.  It can be figured out, but wastes time.  I have the Forrest WWII as my main blade, which has now set my standard for blades... even with it's high cost, it ends up being well worth it in the long run..  I would not recommend this Freud dado setup for a profesional result, and look forward to buying the Forrest dado set. The best solution to this Freud dado stack setup is to take an hour or two and cut all the dado combinations on to one piece of wood.  That way you have this stick to test all of your pieces and quickly the proper stack setup for your project.  It is cheap though, so if that gets you cutting dado's, get it!I did find much more correct dado stack setups at the Freud site.  The chart I recieved with my purchase did not have the same information, so they must have figured this out and revised it online. I hope this one IS correct. [...]Happy wood working!
I bought this Dado set on line from a woodworking supply outlet and when i recieved it i went to install it in my Dewalt DW744 contractor table saw. My saw has a 5/8`` arbour but European blades have a 30mm or 1-1/4`` bore, Dewalt overcomes this by supplying an outside blade washer with a 30mm protrusion which locks into the blade bore. I had two options when i bought this Dado set, i could have bought one with a 5/8'' bore or a 30mm bore. As all my table saw blades have a 30mm bore i assumed the Dado with the 30mm bore would fit my saw. Sadly it didn`t, the two outside blades went on fine but when i tried to install some chippers between them they just sat down on the blade arbour. The outside blade washer`s protrusion isn`t long enough to support the chippers, obviously i didn`t try to turn on the saw with this configuration. In my own defence this was my first Dado set so my knowledge of them is limited. Freud makes some assumptions with the instructions on this set, i just don't understand how a saw with a 5/8'' arbour can be fitted with a Dado set with a 30mm bore. I can't speak for other saws that are manufactured for the European market but i'm fairly sure that they all have 5/8'' arbours with outside blade washers with 30mm protrusions. Unless Freud are selling adaptors with a 5/8'' bore with a 30mm outside diameter, i don't understand why they are selling the 30mm bore Dado sets. This problem won't be an issue for Americans or Canadians as 5/8'' bore tablesaw blades and Dado sets are standard in those countries.I had read the reviews of this product on Amazon and noticed that a lot of people have problems with fitting this set to their saws. I tried to install the inside blade, all the chippers and the outside blade. There just isn't enough room on the arbour, the only way i could get them to fit was to remove the inside blade washer. The inside blade washer is big, it takes up about 3/8'' on the arbour. Dewalt might have a slimmer inside blade washer on the market. With the entire Dado set on the arbour i tried turning the set by hand and noticed that the inside blade was rubbing against the blade shield. Obviously the inside washer should not be removed, a fairly slim inside washer is a must for this Dado set on a Dewalt DW744. I'll have to spend money on returning the Dado set and swapping it for the set with the 5/8'' bore. I'm sure this is a fine Dado set once it's compatible with your saw, Freud should include a list of compatible saws with the instructions. Colour coding the shims and chippers would be a great idea as well.I'm updating the above, i went to my local Dewalt service centre and the technican told me that i'd have to buy seven 30mm to 15mm reducers or send the Dado set back which would cost me nearly as much in postage as the seven reducers. I bought the reducers, this still leaves the issue of the shims being unsupported on the arbour shaft because of their 30mm bores. I'll probably have to buy a set of shims with 15mm bores which will cost me more money. He said that Dewalt don't have a slim inside blade washer so i'll have to get it reduced in thickness in a machine shop if i want to get the full stack on the arbour. I'll have to turn the outside blade washer around so that the 30mm protrusion is on the outside against the lock nut. Sounds simple enough doesn't it!I ended up sending back the dado set and had it replaced with one with a 15mm bore, i also got a refund for the seven reducers i bought. I tried to fit the entire stack on the arbour and it fitted. I had to remove the inside washer and replace it with the outside washer, the nut goes on the outside of the stack. I have yet to use the stack as i have had some problems with my table saw, i wouldn't be surprised if there was some wobble given that the stack is unsupported on the outside apart from the blade nut. A blade stabalizer might be a good buy, i think i might also purchase a set of Veritas slotted shims which are colour coded.
The Freud JS-100A is my first biscuit joiner. I picked it because it looked well made and inexpensive. After two years, I now use biscuits for everything and am putting the Freud to heavy use. It is an increasingly annoying resident of my shop; as of today I am in the market for a better-designed joiner.The Freud continues to work OK--I have become used to the motor noise, which sounds like a handful of ball bearings rattling around in a coffee can. The dust collection system is its worst failing--the chintzy plastic manifold doesn't make a good seal and dust blows out the joint into your face. And when you have to remove the manifold to get the tool into a corner, you find access to the screw is blocked by the biscuit size selection dial. Oh, and dust goes right through the bag too, again right in your face if you're bending over to see what you're doing.The crude fence adjustment mechanism is a real pain. When you are trying to center the cut in a board, it's just a trial and error game. Some kind of screw adjustment would be most helpful (as in the Porter-Cable 557 I bought to replace the Freud).In production use, the tool seems heavy and poorly balanced. The on/off switch is awkwardly located, at least for me--I have to turn it on and then position it for a cut (instead of lining it up and just switching it on briefly for a quick cut. Then I have to set the tool down and turn it off. You have to wonder what they were thinking when they built this thing.
Don't use this blade in cold temperatures.  I had it shatter around the arbor the first time that I used it.  I have not had this experience with their other blades.
I bought this blade to replace the one that came with the kit.  When I tried to install it the blade must have been just a little off center.  As soon as I put pressure on it, the blade shattered into a dozen pieces.  I haven't used the new one yet, I am afraid of breaking it too.
I purchased a Fen tool when they first came out and while the tool is a wonderful concept, and does cutting jobs that are difficult with other saws, the cost, life and durability of replacement blades is ridiculous.I quickly ran out of the blades that came with the kit because they wore out extremely fast just cutting soft wood trim. I ordered two replacements blade from Amazon and although they were very expensive, they wore out just as fast as the blades that came with the Fein tool kit.I then went to Harbor Freight and bought a fine tooth Japanese trim saw to finish the job I was doing on flooring base boards and and door jams so that I could install a new oak floor.Until Fein brings down their prices on their blades, and improves the quality of the blades, that Fein tool of mine will remain a very expensive paperweight.
This did not fit my Chicago electric (Harbor Freight) oscillating tool. It probably would have worked well if it did.
As others have said, this block plane is not shipped in a form that is usable. Mine came with a very rough concave sole (as though someone without much skill flattened it with a 10-inch 20-grit drum sander), the mouth was so poorly made that the blade would not descend beyond the sole, and the movable gate needed some work.Here is what I did to get a descent plane:1) Using a plate glass & sandpaper lap, I flattened the sole. 100 and 150 grit did the trick. Took 3 hours.2) With a mill file I worked the mouth so that the blade would sit down properly and protrude below the sole. This meant removing a bump and some material where the blade rests just back of the opening. The blade, because it is thin, still flexes a bit when clamped and rises up, so there is still a little work I need to do. About 30 minutes of effort...so far. I think this is the most important modification I've had to do.3) The sliding gate fore of the mouth needed some file work to smooth its trailing edge; it appears to have been sheared. Five minutes was enough here.4) Honed the blade, but that is a requirement for all planes.The plane seems pretty good now. I'm still working to find the right tension on the clamp; too little and it moves during use, shifting the blade laterally and altering the cut; too much and the vertical adjustment screw turns only with much force.So, as a kit for a plane, 4 stars. As a ready-to-use plane, 0 stars. I gave it the average of the two.
The reviews were mixed on this item, there were more positives than negatives so I decided to give it a try. The first thing I discovered was than the plane was made in Mexico. Just like other brand name tools, Stanley has taken their manufacturing of what used to be quality tools to foreign countries. No OHSA, no EPA, no vacation, no overtime pay, no employee benefits of any kind, just long hours until you drop dead and there is always someone waiting to take your place. SHAME ON YOU STANLEY! There are just as many Mexicans in the U.S. as there are in Mexico so they didn't have to move there. Now for the tool,...like others who expected a little quality in the tool, I found none. I fully expected to have to lap the sole of the plane, you have to do that with any new or vintage plane. It took a good hour of lapping to get the sole reasonably flat. The blade of course had to be honed as well. Upon reassembly I discovered that the blade does NOT extent below the mouth of the tool unless the mouth adjustment is set so the mouth is fully extended. Close it up just half way and the cutter jams against the mouth. So my question to Stanley is why is there an adjustable mouth when it is totally useless? With the mouth fully opened up you can extend the blade to take a fine shaving, provided you have flattened the sole and honed the blade. The lateral adjustment is a joke as well. I had already flattened the soul and honed the blade before discovering the flaw with the mouth so I can't return it. My advise is buy a good vintage plane or one of the higher end planes unless you wanted to drop $40.00 bucks for a paper weight.
Bought it to throw into my helper's tool bag. Definetly not for precision work. Lock is flimsy, blade is thin, takes a lot of effort to set the blade depth to just where you want it. If you want a real block plane, go Veritas or Lie Nielsen!
I bought a roll of this a few years, not 100% sure it is the same brand, but I had no issues with my previous rolls. I ordered this 80 and 220 grit rolls and both are tearing up the pad to my dewalt vibration sander. The glue seems to be a bit much.
I bought a roll of this a few years, not 100% sure it is the same brand, but I had no issues with my previous rolls. I ordered this 220 and 80 grit rolls and both are tearing up the pad to my dewalt vibration sander. The glue seems to be a bit much.
It seems as though these discs don't last as long as the editorial sais.  You'll need to buy twice as many to get the job done.  I might of got a batch from a bad lot, but I think I will stick with Norton from this point on.  I am very disappointed in these discs.
I bought three different grits and have used two of them. I feel the abrasive on the disk wears off to soon. They're cheap enough but you'll use twice as many. I expected more from a product made in Finland. The ones from Home Depot (Norton brand I think )last longer.
This sand paper leaves a lot to be desired.  If you have a lot of sanding to do you had better purchase a lot of these sanding discs.  In no time it seems they are all used up and aren't doing the job.  I might have got these from a bad lot, but I think I will stick with Norton.
I tried out the 80 grit pad for a couple of minutes and the disk was almost used up in this time spent on my DA.  The dust collection holes are placed properly and allow most of the dust to be collected in my filter bag.  They work almost as well as my cheap ones from Harbor Freight, but that isn't saying really.  I would not buy these again as they have such a short lifespan and the fact that I have picked up 100 sanding pads from HF recently for just $4 plus tax.  I will update as I use more sanding disks over time.
They just didn't hold up.  The first time i ordered them they were fine, but the second batch just fell apart.  I would recommend buying a brand name from a store like Coastal tool in West Hartford, ct.  You can buy them on-line and i don't think you will get them at a better price.  In sandpaper, you get what you pay for.
They fell apart.  The backing separated from the sandpaper.  I wouldn't buy them again.  You should go to a good woodworking store.  I recommend going on-line to Coastal Tool in West Hartford, CT.  Great store, great prices and you can buy these in bulk and save a lot of money.
I have been using Top-Cote for years and it works very well and produces a slippery surface that inhibits rust.  Does not prevent rust if your tools get wet, but its not supposed to.  I ordered a can after not being able to find it at any of my usual suppliers.  Although I ordered Top-Cote and the Amazon.com order confirmation I received said I ordered Top-Cote, I was sent Glide-Cote for the same price even though Glide-Cote sold for $8 less per can.  I was never told there was a substitution in the product being deliver and never asked if the substitution was okay.  When I questioned it, I was given the run around by Hartville Tool and was eventually give a refund of $1.95.  I will not be ordering any product from Hartville Tool again nor any anything from Amazon that is fulfilled by Hartville Tool.  While I have had good experiences when ordering from Amazon, I think Hartville Tool has a lot to learn about customer service and honesty.
...you get a piece of plastic laminate covered fiber board that does not even sit flush with the top of the table saw (it sticks up about 1/32").  Supposedly this device is supposed to help stabilize the saw blade (especially a thin-kerf blade), reduce chipping and noise.  This may be true, but then it should be a standard feature that comes with the saw rather than the regular insert.  I would skip this and build one yourself for a fraction of the cost.
VERY LIGHT WEIGHT, almost flimsey. Save over half, buy from Harbor Freight if you must. Most all products, "BIG HORN", are available from Harbor Freight at half price or less!!!
Don't buy this set unless you can't get the stick and block separately. The featherboard is complete trash and should be thrown away immediately. I haven't used the stick, though it looks like you could make a longer and nicer one in a few minutes. I do, however, use the push block all the time and have found it to be very useful. There are certainly applications were it doesn't work that a custom one would, but that's always the case. I can recommend the push block, could go either way on the stick and just put the featherboard in the trash and back away. Buy the other two separetly if you want them and save [$$$].
I purchased this blade about 12 months back and was thrilled with it for about one month.  It cut through maple and cherry (up to 2" thick) "like butter."  And then it was dull and prone to all the trials and tribulations of dull blades (kick-back, etc.).  When it was brand new it cut better than any blade I have owned but at the price it should!  At the price, it should also have retained its edge for a lot longer (I've had really cheap (Skil 10") and mid-priced (Hitachi, et al) blades last MUCH longer and some even started off almost as sharp).Again, for one month of 6 day a week use it was GREAT but it dulled much too quickly - regardless of the price (and yes, I did clean and treat the blade at the end of each day).  So, whyh pay the price unless it comes with free sharpening and a loner blade for the time it spends "away" every four or five weeks.If the blade cost $50.00 I would rate it 3 to 3.5 stars.
I used this blade for cutting pine but It did not impressed me at all. I found my Freud industrial blade ( combination ) giving more clean cuts on pine.I guess most of the reviews were for cutting pine, but most woodworkers don't use pine as it is weak / soft wood.After using this blade for one project with pine and Redwood, I did not felt the price was worth it. Nothing impressive at all..Save your money and get Freud combination at less than half the price or go for Oldham combination blade.
Spent too much for this.  Had Rockler's stiffener which is 2 - two inch discs instead of one large one.  Liked it better.  As noted in other reviews, this product reduces the max saw height by about 3/4&#34; to 1&#34;
Seems awful simple to use, but I am finding more challenges than desired.  The biggest challenge is finding the right size hose to attach.  Does the outlet pipe adapter have to be so large?  The hood doesn't come with any hose and the outlet will swallow two or three shop vac hoses.  That means buying expensive really hose from a woodshop supplier or trying to find the right adapters at the local hardware store. Why not design the hood to work with a shop-vac, the most commonly available piece of dust control equipment in the majority of home workshops?  Second, finding out how to place the hood so that it will actually collect wood dust is a constant struggle.  There are no attachment points anywhere on the hood, so you have to drill your own. Trying to balance the weight of the hose and get the hood to remain close enough to the machine's discharge stream is quite the challenge.  I am sure I will eventually figure the Big Gulp out, but until then, I have to say it is not one of the favorites in my shop.
This is a good quality hose and it will replace the worn out hose that came with your shop vac but there is something else to consider.  Although this hose will fit into a standard shop vac the accessories that came with your shop vac such as the extension tube, crevice tool, etc. MAY NOT FIT THE OTHER END OF THIS NEW HOSE! only Mr. Nozzles accessories or accessories that use a 1 1/2&quot; I.D. hose end will fit this hose, and Mr. Nozzle does not have alot of accessories to go with this hose so you may end up with a great hose but a poor nozzle etc. at the end of it.
HOSE FLEXIBILITY IS GREAT. THE PROBLEM I HAVE IS WITH THE 2 NOZZLES. THEY ARE CHEAPLY MADE . THE THICKNESS OF THE MATERIAL IS JUST OVER 2 LITER PLASTIC SODA BOTTLE THICKNESS. THEY ALSO DO NOT FIT WELL ONTO HOSE END. DIFFICULT TO SEAT . THEY DO NOT STAY FIXED  EHH
I gave away my Ridgid shop vac as soon as the Fein box arrived from Amazon.com. That was a mistake!!!!...this vac is too delicate to use "hard" during my kitchen demo/remodel - and I got so frustrated with the filter and small 1-1/4" hose constantly clogging, I gave up and bought another Ridgid vac. I think this vac would work great for woodworking, but general construction site conditions far out tax this machine, and it's difficult to get filters/bags.....
I have used this item for over a year and I am not all that happy with it.I have a Jet 1.75hp conected to a metal trash can (~30 gallon) with the separator on top.Pros: The lids doesn't fit the metal can all that tight but I used some form pipe covers to wrap around the top of the can secured with heavy duty double stick tape and it fits perfect. suction won't let go of this top so you don't have to worry. Once you turn the dc off, the top is easily removed to empty the can.No dust on the floorTwist intake really not an issue I have found as a problemCons: My biggest problem is that the dust fills the DC bag more than the trash can!!!  The whole point of this exercise is to have the reverse be true.  I have adjusted the length of tubing for both the intake from the machine and the tubing connected to the dc without any difference. I don't know if the angles are such that the dust shoots in an out at such a rate of speed that it doesn't allow the larger items to drop?  If you pickup a wayward screw you are ok because that will fall, but chips from planer go right into the dc without dropping to the can. Again, it does catch some of the chips, but my dc bag is filled with chips at a faster rate than the can.My next fix is to attach an elbow on the intake side to for the chips down, but I haven't read anyone else having this problem... FYI
I generously gave this 2 stars.I bought 1 of these because quick disconnect is a great idea, especially with my little portable dust collector and I wanted to see if this could work.I put it on my hose and tried to connect it to my Jet  jointer and it just fell right off! I pushed and twisted and it slid off again and again. Tried it on my table saw which has the dust port upside down which will actually help something fall off given the weight of the hose and gravity and it did fall off.I marched down to a local retailer that sells these and they all did the same thing on their equipment.Where these did seem to work better was connecting them to blast gates where the seemed matched to each other. They would not reasonably connect to any jointer or tablesaw outlet. I tried a half dozen different combinations.I wondered how a company can produce something that was a great idea but wouldn't connect to the equipment it was supposed to connect too. I thought I was using the wrong pieces or missing something. The sales people told me that some machines are different and sometimes things just work by trial and errror. That was hardly a reasonable explanation for me. I thought that all the parts from a given brand come from the same mold. I tried cross brands and they were all identical. 2 brands I worked with, Jet and Delta.So I thought that maybe I should make a pig tail to lay on the ground to plug into. That way gravity won't work against me in either situation.Before I wanted to waste money making pig-tail 4&quot; hoses I tried one idea. DUCT TAPE.I hate the idea of duct taping anything other than ducts but i didn't have anything too lose at this point.Here goes... I wrapped one revolution of silver duct tape around the dust collection outlet of my jointer. This quick disconnect went on beautifully. I was shocked! I think it does 2 things, It obviously increases the friction area to help make a tighter fit and it also is a different material and texture that seems to provide a better grip.2 hard. slippery plastic surfaces, the dust collector outlets from the machines are slick and tapered naturally making the attaching quick disconnect fitting want to slip slide away from each other. Seems that research and developement should have researched a bit better.I duct taped the outlet of my tablesaw as well and the fit seems fine. I believe I can enjoy quick disconnect ability now.
These don't work properly for me.  After much frustration, I bought a system that has a positive locking mechanism (&quot;FazLok&quot; quick disconnect fittings available from Wordworker's Supply).  The FazLock connectors work just fine with the PSI 4&quot; hose.
I bought this hoping I could slide it onto the outside of my tablesaw dust port and attach my shop vac hose to it.  Both the outside of this adapter and the outside of the tablesaw port are 4".  In other words it is a male to male connection.  I could not find a female version.The solution I found was to get a 45 degree pvc plumbing joint for about $3.  I could not find any other plumbing part that fit snugly, all the others were loose.  The elbow holds the reducer snugly as well as the port from the tablesaw.  I epoxied the adapter to the pvc elbow.  You can then tape or glue the elbow to your tablesaw port as you desire for your purposes.  This method worked a lot better than spending another $25 on a 4" hose that I did not need.Here is a link to the part at home depot:  [...]
I bought this 4&#34; to 2 1/2&#34; adapter to be able to attach a shop vac to a new band saw that has a 4&#34; outlet.  This adapter is exactly the same size as the outlet, so it won't go inside or outside of the outlet.  I will probably keep it and duct tape it in place as it I can't seem to find one any different.  I know they exist because I got one with the chip collector on my DeWalt planer.
I REVIEWED THE JET ALUMINUM GATEJet JW1142 4-Inch Aluminum BlastgateAND RECOMMEND THE PLASTIC GATE INTEADWoodstock International G1843 4" Plastic Blast GateWHILE I DO NOT KNOW IF THIS APPLIES TO A SHOP THAT PRODUCES "WOOD DUST" ONLY, MY SHOP PRODUCES METAL-SHAVINGS AND GLASS-BEAD DUST WHICH CAUSES THE ALUMINUM GATES TO JAM.I HAVE A HARD TIME MANIPULATING THE ALUMINUM GATES, WHERE AS THE PLASTIC GATES HAVE GIVEN ME RELIABLE SERVICE AND OPEN AND CLOSE SMOOTHLY.
These blast gates clog and are difficult to clean.  After trying to get used to them they're going to be given away.  I hate these gates.  They suck.
On the positive side these are inexpensive, but on the negative side you get what you pay for.  I ordered 3.  They are simply two plastic plates with sliding plastic plate between.  Unfortunately on two of the three I think the Chinese were running out of glue the day the made two of the 3. The two plates which were suppose to be glued together were not and the two plates immediately separated.  Looks likes they used a drop of glue the size of a dime.  I was able to fix by gluing together with PVC cement.  So in the end they work fine, with some assembly required.
The 4&#34; connection is at right angles to the floor and should be angled.  Holding and using the sweep is ackward.
When I first saw this in a local woodworking store, I thought it was a pretty nice table for the money.  Not the ultimate router table, perhaps, but pretty nice.  Not cheap, by any means, but not quite as expensive as some, either.  Certainly a step up from the "benchtop wonder" I had been struggling with these past years.  That was in the store.  Then I ordered one for myself.Now I know why Kreg has such a fetish about gluing all of their packages shut to the point that you just about can't get in them.  They are trying to make sure you will not find out what a nasty surprise they have in store for you until you get home, and to make sure you wreck the package (making returns more difficult) when you do finally open the box.First was the assembly of the stand, and the attachment of the table top.  There were things I felt that they should not have left for the purchaser to do, but that was not a big deal, and it went together readily enough.But then came the "precision fence".  When I unpacked that box, I was just plain p*ss*d off.  Instead of being assembled, and lacking only attachment to the table and perhaps a little setup, what I found was a box of parts.  Not assemblies to bolt together.  Just parts.  Kreg does not build precision fences.  Kreg sells parts kits for people who would like to build their own precision fence.  Which might be okay, if they said that loud and clear in their marketing materials.  But they don't.  They tell you that you are buying a fence.  Not a box of bits and pieces.Then, inspired by what I had found, I opened up the box for the Kreg precision miter I had also purchased.  Yes, parts.  Not as bad as the fence, mind you, but still, too many un-assembled parts.Keep in mind that like most people who would buy this product, I'm not shy about putting things together.  In addition to woodworking, I do machining and metalwork, welding, carpentry, and a lot of electronics fabrication too.  But it really makes me mad to have someone steal my time to increase their profit margins.But more important than the aggravation, and the lost time, is that instead of a "precision" device, assembled by someone with a lot of experience putting it together, and a set of jigs available to make sure everything goes together perfectly, I am going to get something put together by a guy who has never built this item before, has no training, no jigs, and no experience with the product, someone likely to make a mistake or two - me.  So I am NOT getting what I paid for, not even close.  And then I remember that another reviewer mentioned problems with some fragile parts, so I am wondering what that portends for the assembly process.I haven't built out the fence or the miter yet.  I was so angry I stopped what I was doing to post this preliminary review.  I have a lot of Kreg pocket hole stuff, and while it is a handy product, I never was thrilled with the amount of plastic involved.  It was my intention to make some additional purchases from Kreg, their clamping table, and their beaded face frame system, as well as the lift for my new router table.  But this has me re-thinking my commitment to Kreg as a solution provider.  I can't imagine what kind of DIY nightmare assembling the beaded face frame system might be.I suppose I will press on with the table.  And I imagine it will be just as nice as it seemed in the store.  But my feeling towards Kreg has changed, and I will not be nearly so quick to buy their products in the future.  Just know that if you buy this table system, you are expected to be the assembly worker before you can enjoy being the owner of this product.CAVEAT emptor.
...it sure didn't work for me.  In spite of having balanced the wheels and having installed and carefully aligned machined cast iron V-belt pulleys, my Delta bandsaw still had an annoying vibration.  Since the belt was old and worn and had taken a bit of a set, I figured that had to be the problem. So after reading the gushing reviews here, I bought a Power Twist belt. No dice. If anything, it made the vibration worse. Since it's still a functional drive belt, I'll give it two stars, but it certainly fell far short of expectations.
Don't get these guides if you're planning on using 1/8&quot; blades.  These guides are great for resawing and heavy cutting where you're going to use a wide blade, but you can't use thin blades on these guides, so you can forget making really tight turns (as in cutting a bandsaw box or when doing tight scrolling).  Plus, the price of these guides will leave a sore spot where your wallet used to be.These are GREAT for specialized purposes where a wide blade can be used, but for general bandsaw work in a small shop where different blade widths are used commonly, I'd rather have a good set of cool blocks and pocket the difference in the cost!
Thought I was getting a deal when I purchased the 1-1/2 hp P-C plunge router set with table.  You get what you pay for.  No problem with router but the table is VERY sub-standard.  The fence adjustment is LOUSY.  One wing nut holds each sliding fence and is almost impossible to get it square to the working surface due to the slop in the design.  Too much wasted time is spent both aligning the fences to the table and to each other.  The lightweight construction (cheap) allows the table to move around quite a bit when running material thru...be sure to clamp/bolt it down before use.  The miter slot is rough and the slide is sticky.  The only minor positive is the dust chute works adequately when connected to the shop vac.In hindsight, I should have bought the router alone and looked elsewhere for a quality built piece of equipment.  Now I'm forced to use it until I can build one that is suitable.
I frequent a woodworking supply store and look at every table they have. I've never seen a Rousseau setup put together to compare. I just went by the reviews and the claim by the manufacturer. It sounded like a good buy as well as a good idea.Ok, I've had this base plate for about two years. Actually, it's my second one. I called Rousseau and told them that I think the crown is too high and I think I'm going to have trouble. They told me to route the opening a little lower so that the edges are are a little recessed and then the crown would be parallel to the table or a bit above and it's supposed to work great. They even sent out another plate that less of a crown.Well, it sort-of works but my stock often catches on the lip of the recessed table. You have to carefully feed the stock along the table and watch for the catch. I've shimmed up the corners, adjusted it every with way and am just completely annoyed with the way the stock rides up the crown and across the other side.Like one of the other reviewers noted, forget precision work. You need to have a completely smooth top without added variables that make a seemingly simple process a little extra complicated.If you're cutting plain moulding it works fine. I've cut a ton of bead moulding and coves etc. But forget divided light and anything that has parts that need to be assembled accurately.I've since purchased an aluminum plate that fits my 9" x 12" opening and it works wonderfully. It costs twice as much as this Rousseau but more than makes up for the trouble.
I have used this plate for 2 years now and it stinks.  The crown in the plate is ok ... I don't mind that, but the snap in rings are a bear.  You have to use a hammer and hit it hard to snap them in and out.  Last night I was hammering them out and the whole plate shattered.  Now looking at Rousseau's higher quality router lift I find that it has the exact same plastic top and the exact same snap in rings.  Being a weird sized plate means I'm now going to have to re-build the top of my router table to accept a better quality router plate.  Spend the extra cash and get an aluminum plate with quality snap in rings. Also Rousseau's customer service is a nightmare.  This has a lifetime warrantee so I called to get get a free replacement after I broke it.  3 months and numerous phone calls later I FINALLY got a new one from them  ... with the same stupid problem.
The insert is as advertised but there is no sense paying for the name when the same product (without the bubble) can be had at Harbot Freight for 1/2 the cost.  I use it but in the future I will opt for the aluminum insert +$ or the generic version -$.  The install was easy once I tossed the instructions.  It works, it is well made, the inserts require a dead-blow hammer to remove and I will not purchase another.
I purchased this two years ago.  I actually have two of them.  Part of my purchase was based on positive feedback from the postings below.Problem:  This plate is NOT flat.  The slight "crown" is enough to mess up any precision work.  You cannot do any type of miter work with this plate.  You can forget about rail and stile doors.  Just comes out sloppy and you end up wasting material!Furthermore, the plate can sag with a "memory" effect over time, especially if a heavy router is left on the table.The rings are a bear to get out and don't leave you with a lot of flexibility for the size of hole you may need.This is a mediocre product.  It is relatively inexpensive, but will be wasted money if you buy this and get a flat (e.g. al  aluminum) plate later on.  Probably okay for routing that does not involve joinery or a great deal of precision.
I purchased this router table after reading many reviews on various products. I imagine most people completed their review prior to using it. The cabinet is beautiful, well constructed, and works well as a contractor unit.  However, I needed to purchase the &#34;large plate&#34; in order to fit my router, and am now stuck with a plate that with poor clearance to its optional rings.  The rings need to be shimmed every time you change them or your work witl catch on the plate. If I had to do it over, I would have spent the $$ on an Incra table top/fence.
I haven't compared this to a lot of bags but I find it heavy and uncomfortable to want to carry those few things on a daily level ( I end up using a side bag instead) and it's a bit small to have a as a go-to bag for projects outside of the shop. The pockets are also too small to be helpful. I have stabbed under my fingernails a few times looking for bits, screws, pens and the like.
Not sure why this product states a gatemouth or ridgid bottom; the product I received has none of these features.  The picture is accurate of what I received; however, the description, and the majority of the reviews here are describing a previous/alternative version of this bag.  A simple web search will reveal a photo of the actual "gatemouth" product (with a hinged top), but i can't seem to find any venders on line offering that version of the bag.  This is still decent bag, but probably not worth the $30 price tag.  I'll most likely RMA this product.  Bummed ...
I bought this apron and a couple others at Amazon and ended up returning all of them.  On this model the neck is somewhat uncomfortable and the snap kind of cheap.I ended up going to Sears where they have either the waist double row apron and bib apron made out of heavy cotton canvas for $5.99.  The bib apron at Sears is all white.
I am a handyman / residential contractor / woodworker. I own several Irwin QuickGrip clamps in various lengths from 10" to 36". I use them on occasion but, because other clamps I own I perfer, the Irwins get only light use.I have found the 12" size is useful as an "extra hand" during the temporary positioning and holding of piece work. For example, the short versions are OK for holding boards down for sawing, or checking clearences in a partially constructed assembly.But, as a class, I have found these clamps to have weak clamping power. I don't believe they can squeese much more than 40 pounds before the head slips on the smooth rail. The result is I can't use them for two common tasks I have: gluing, or forcing warped items into alignment prior to fastening. These Irwins are just are not strong or reliable enough for those jobs.Another minor, but troublesome, characteristic of the longer versions of these clamps is this: if you hold the clamp vertically head-down and press the release lever the jaw instantaneously drops open and the head hits the floor -- or your foot. Ouch!So the short 12" size gets my luke-warm endorsement (3 stars). I would not repurchase any longer QuickQrip as there are much better clamps available for similar money.
This is not an awful clamp. I have a number of them of different sizes. The one handed thing is just so important, these were the first ones I ever had with that kind of design. That said, they don't work that well. The squeeze handle will not give you much pressure unless you have gorilla hands. They work okay new, but as they age they kind of get sticky sliding along the bar and harder to get pressure. That said, I can't say enough good about the Next Generation models. I've had some of the heavy 600 lb models for a few years now and they are absolutely awesome, best clamps I own, use them daily. The ones with gray plates are the heavy models (I have many of those), while the 300 lb models look to have a similar design but just a lighter bar and plastic build. Just vastly better though a bit more money. I've not used the 300 lb-ers.These old lousy ones all seem to have big yellow jaw pads. Avoid. The nice newer ones all say Next Generation and have black outer jaw pads I believe. The heavy duty 600 lb series ones have gray covers with blue slogan, with full length parallel jaws. The 300 lb ones have blue covers with yellow print and shorter jaw pads.
The Bessey angle clamp requires that you align all edges and provide pressure -- all simultaneously -- while you tighten the one clamping handle.  It is less convenient than corner clamps with two separate  clamping handles to tighten separately.  Their large surface area provides  solid alignment, even if it also makes these clamps more appropriate for  larger tasks (e.g., over one foot per side).
I am a former Union construction guy, and I have done some demo in my day. This hammer while easy to use is  shall we say gutless, I mean this thing has no power. If you only have a little bit to do, or you're inside, it is better then nothing but do not even  begin to think that this thing packs the same punch as a pneumatic hammer. But it is easier to use and much better inside for light work
I recently purchased the Bosch 1005VSRK drill.  I have a Bosch jig saw and am very happy with it.  I figured the drill would be the same quality as the jig saw.  Wrong!  When I tested my new drill I found that about 50% of the time it would start smoothly and slowly as a variable speed drill should.  I found that the other 50% of the time the drill would hesitate then suddenly start up with quite a bit of torque and the speed would be fast.  There seemed to be no way of knowing which way the drill would start which is a pain if you're trying to start a hole in a very precise place.  I was very unhappy with it, and returned it right away.  I then did what I should have done in the first place.  I bought a Milwaukee 3/8&quot; Magnum variable speed drill.  I am extremely pleased with it.In regard to the Bosch drill I've learned that this unit is made in Malaysia, and it doesn't seem to be up to Bosch standards.  When it comes to this tool you better pass this dog up.
It surprised me that my new Milwaukee 6390-21 circular saw didn't come with a rip fence.  I mean, every carpenter needs this essential accessory.  But I guess this all goes to achieving the right price point to be competitive.  So I ordered the only rip fence Milwaukee offers for this saw.  The calibration markings are pretty good, it is strong enough, and the range of extension (how large a rip you can make) is about average.  The annoying thing is that it doens't fit very well.  When you tighten the thumb screw to secure it in position for a specific size rip, three things happen.  The action of the thumb screw against the calibrated shaft causes the adjustment to change slightly as you tighten it, so you always have to double check visually and do a check-cut before starting the rip.  Most carpenters will do this as a matter of course.  But the thumb screw also leaves little dimples in the shaft that make repeated adjustments of the same or similar size somewhat difficult because the tip of the thumb screw tries to home in on previous dimples.  And third, the calibrated shaft cocks slightly, so the guide (that short part of the "T" that rides against the wood) isn't level, but at an angle of about ten to fifteen degrees.  Depending on how you support the work piece, this angled guide can get caught and trip up your cut.  The circular saw itself is such a fine piece of equipment that this misfitting accessory is very disappointing.  Milwaukee ought to fix this; it ain't rocket science.  Nonetheless, with a lot of care, you can make it work.
This is THE recip saw, from the inventors of the tool, look at all the reviews on here. So why have I burnt 2 up in a year, and I'm just a weekend warrior? While it was working, it was sweet: cuts well (a comment about orbital action, I was told by support that it only takes effect with the pressure of being pushed into the cut, but I didn't notice any difference in cutting speed), toolless blade change, toolless shoe adjustment, anti-vibrating thingy, detachable power cord (by the way, this is standard Milwaukee, I have a right angle drill and a grinder from them, makes it easy to replace if you ever cut through it, I wish more tool makers would do this) and it just feels nice in your hands. What I've got now is the blade doesn't move at all and it makes a loud whirrr sound, I think it's the clutch (someone, somewhere told me that it has this to protect the gears, frankly I don't think you could possibly hurt the gears, but on my dime to ship is a clutch cheaper for their service dept. to replace?). Another possible cuplrit is the orbital action, for this reason you might consider the 10amp from Milwaukee which doesn't have this 'feature', one less thing to break.  Since this has happened to me twice (the first time it was right out of the box, so I figured I got a lemon) I came here to shop for a new saw and decided to see if this has happened to anybody else, but I guess not (how could this be? I was only making plunge cuts into solid logs...) Well I'm off to shop for a new saw.
Pros:o small size. In it's minimal configuration - with the thumb rest removed - it is 5-1/2" tall, 1" wide, and 1-1/4" deep. With a bit installed it is still only 1-3/4" deep.o all metal construction.o magnetic bit holder grips bits securely.o customer support is responsive (less than 2 minutes waiting on telephone) and friendly.Cons:o reliability / build-quality issues. The item I purchased was defective (see notes below).o it takes two hands to use this attachment, one to hold the screwdriver and one to hold the tool. Compare this to a lightweight angle drill/driver which takes just one hand. For the most part, this makes the tool useful only in very tight situations where an angle drill will not fit.Notes:The item I received is defective. The bit spins freely in both directions under no load, but doesn't run in reverse (counter-clockwise) under even light pressure (ie attempting to remove a #8-1" wood screw).  It does work fine running clockwise, driving the same screw into a wood block.The helpful person I spoke with at customer service said he suspected that a tooth was broken. He advised me to return the item and purchase the heavier duty 49-22-8510. I'm not sure if I'll do that since that item is somewhat larger (2" deep) making it less useful for tight spaces. Also, I own many tools (Makita, Bosch, Dewalt, etc) and it is extremely rare to get one that is broken right out of the box. Since this is my first Milwaukee tool, it makes me leery of the quality of this brand.
I know people want product reviews, but I feel that this customer service issue is valid.  The clamp works OK although the rotating handle is too short and manually pulling the strap out isn't as easy as it should be.  Overall I give the clamp 4.5 stars because it does everything it should.I got this clamp on Saturday July 23rd.  After opening the package I noticed that one of the corner clamps was missing it's adjustable feet.  There are two triangular "feet" that are missing from the corner brace.  The other three were fine.  I called Bessey customer service on Monday (25th) morning when they opened.  I asked the woman I talked to if I should send the clamp back to Amazon or if she could ship an extra corner piece to me.  She said she had one on her desk and she'd ship it out to me.  I wrote an email to customer service on Monday August 8th stating that I haven't received the piece.  The same day I got a reply that it was put in the mail and I should receive it by the end of the week.  On Thursday August 18th I wrote back to confirm that the piece was sent to my address.  The next day I was told it was sent via regular mail so there was no way to track it but they'd send another one to my listed address.  It is now August 25th, one month after calling Bessey customer service and I have not received the piece.  I will ultimately be forced to buy the 6-pack of corner braces just to get the one I want.I'm glad I bought Jet parallel clamps and Jorgensen bar and pipe clamps.*EDIT* I finally got the piece after several communications with Bessey and several people's email addresses.  More than a month later I was able to use my product.  My advise is to ask Amazon to ship you a new one if you have the same problem.  Dealing with Amazon's returns is very easy.
I have tried to use this strap clamp on multiple projects and have not had any success. It's either I don't have 8 hands to hold everything and tighten it at the same time or it is beyond my knowledge base to operate. About the only thing it was good for was a miter cut box top or picture frame, something that can rest flat and that the plastic corners can lay on the bench top and tighten evenly. If its even a little off the plastic corners slip off the corner by rolling over the top or under the bottom. It's like the moon and stars all have to align before I can get it to work as intended. I would not purchase this product again.Pat
It works as intended.  It works when you get it on.... therein lays the core issue.  Since i'm not Octavius from Spider Man, fitting this onto a frame while tightening it is a Major Pain in the Chunk.When its on, its great.  You simply wind the handle and you can squeeze that frame like the feared Kraken from Ulysses.  It will creak for mercy.BUT there are design issues.  The corner thingamabobs have a tendency to slip off.  They don't seem to grab the ribbon tight enough, so adjusting tension while doing the other 3 edges is an exercise in frustration.  Getting the corners Just Right, then winding the large retractor a Goldilocks amount, THEN winding the red handle.... man-o-man.Its an OK tool.  It does the job, but if you are going to do this more than once, make yourself a cramping jig.  You will lose less hair.
They worked fair. They arrived after I had all ready installed four cabinets.Bottom line, I was able to get a better fit with the plain old single clamps
I bought a couple of these but so far I've only used them for general things like clamping pieces of wood to my bench. I didn't notice any flex in the bars and they seem to hold tight.UPDATE 12/3/2013After using these clamps for a while now I've changed my review from 5 to 2 stars. The main reason is that the bars now flex a huge amount even with light clamping pressure. The only reason that I'm giving 2 stars is because technically they do still work but the bar bends quite a bit no matter what.I've also had a chance to use some much older clamps of the size and model as these and those work perfectly without any flex in the bar at all. The bar is clearly much MUCH stronger on the old version.If you are considering these I would recommend the "heavy duty" clamps with the thicker bars.
I generally do a lot of research and digging before I make a tool purchase.  This has allowed me to build a collection of tools which I am extremely happy with.  This clamp is the exception.  I bought a pair of  these based on the makers name and price.  I shouldn't have.  The  &quot;bar&quot; on these bar clamps is flimsy.  I bent one of mine the very  first time I used it.  I would never buy another one of these.
As a technology educator with more than 50 years of shop time, I cannot recommend this grinder, unless smooth performance is not a criteria for you.I began by purchasing 2 DEWALT DW756 6-Inch Bench Grinders. The first one shook pronouncedly and made a metal on metal sound as it started up. Amazon customer service was very helpful and sent another the next day. Not as bad as the first, but this machine too vibrated too much..and the wheels visibly wobbled as the machine slowed. Removing the wheels in an attempt to discover the source of the vibration, I noticed that the grinding wheels had rather soft plastic inserts at their center. The Palmgren's wheels had precisely drilled holes directly into the wheel itself, which is a standard mark of Quality in such things!Both DeWalt's went back to Amazon.Checked out Baldor grinders. Had one in our school shop. 30 years of problem free use with middle school kids.... Superb quality but too costly for my budget....So I looked further.Then read reviews on the Palmgren 82061. Not many reviews... but the minor issues were asides rather than addressing any "real" problems.So I bought a Plamgren 82061, and thought a small old company which makes only a few product lines, might be a better choice.When I unpacked the Palmgren and plugged it in....... It ran very smoothly and the wheels had almost no wobble. No plastic inserts. Holes were accurately made in the wheel material itself....not plastic bushings.It also took an unexpectedly long time to slow to a stop. Good bearings, reasonably accurate machining, and a well a balanced armaturemight have something to do with this.The rest of the difference appears to be the result of better stones and cast aluminum inner wheel flanges which extend for 2" or so along the shaft back to the bearing area next to the "motor" section.DeWalt's engineers thought that identical stamped cup washers with the inner ones resting on small shaft shoulders was a sensible approach to making a $100.00 class grinder.I disagree, and the folks at Palmgren demonstrate a better way!In my estimation the Palmgren hits the sweet spot, combining good engineering, decent Chinese quality and a reasonable cost.Spend a few bucks more and experience the benefits of superior engineering.My son, who owns one of these Dewalts, was very impressed, and wished he'd bought the Palmgren too.
To their credit they sent me a new stone for free (one extra star for customer service), but the unit wants to vibrate itself to death and is a pain to use because it's hitting the material unevenly.  Waste of money, wish I hadn't bought it.
Seems DeWalt has taken a hit in the quality control dept. I have some of their older tools that are markedly different from the build quality of their newer tools. Typical import quality here, nothing more than you'd find at Freight by the Bay. The mounting scheme for the tool rests is comical. The rests themselves are far from square. One of the rests on mine required grinding to even fit the width of the wheel. All the metal and plastic parts are thinner and softer than DeWalt tools of old. Mounting holes in the base don't line up. Mounting holes in the guards don't line up. Paying more for Yellow plastic I guess.
This corner chisel is designed well, but unfortunately it is not very well sharpened. It mashes wood fibers instead of cutting them. In the end, I went back to my flat chisel to square out the corners.
It appears to be difficult to find a reasonably sharp corner chisel. The Porter Cable corner chisel is the same generic, Chinese-made corner chisel that everyone sells. Sometimes they're sharp, sometimes they're dull. More than likely, you'll get one somewhere in between.Rather than gamble on getting a sharp Chinese-made corner chisel, why not buy a corner chisel that you can count on to be sharp: the Whiteside 9600 Corner Chisel (WHITESIDE MACHINE 9600 SQUARE CORNER CHISEL W/ 3/8 SQUARE HARDENED STEEL CUTTING BLADE).I went through several Chinese-made corner chisels and butchered many test pieces before I discovered the Whiteside 9600. Although it looks just like the Chinese version, the 9600 is made in the USA by Whiteside Machine Company. It's extremely sharp, costs the same as the Chinese version, and is available on Amazon. Seems like a no-brainer.
Bought two thinking would use on two ladders on 10:12 new roof. As with the other reviewers found that a pair is needed for each ladder.Good point: the wheel swivels.Otherwise: the radius of the hook is too tight and cannot think that this will handle ridge vents; the bearing material on the end of the hook (angle iron) is too sharp and will cut felt; the adjustment of the bearing material is impractical - thought that if I loosened the bolt (the nut is of the locking type so presumed this is the designer's intention)the angle iron would adjust to the roof, instead one end swiveled into the vertical position and gouged the roof surface (am using the ZIP system so surface damage has to be repaired).What to do? Looked beyond Amazon and bought the ACRO 11081 Roof Hook. One per ladder. None of the problems with the above. Only possible con is that the wheel does not swivel: so far not a big deal.
I bought this T-jak with the intention of mounting my kitchen wall cabinets without having to get help from someone else.  However, after seeing how the T-Jak worked after I received it I ended up returning it to Amazon.The orange quick-release knob that one sees in the diagram works in one of two ways.  It can be used to raise or lower something on the pedestal by turning it on the treaded rod &#8211; one screw thread per turn.  If you tilt the knob the screw grooves disengage and you can slide the knob (and the platform) freely up or down the threaded rod.  At the desired height you tilt the knob and reengage the screw grooves and fine-tune the height by turning the knob.  (Although this knob is rather ingenious in design, tilting the knob takes some practice.  If you are not mechanically inclined, working this knob could be a problem.)Although there is no doubt that the T-jak can be used to put up light cabinets (and it can support up to 400 lbs.), I don&#8217;t see how one person can lift a 50 lb cabinet onto the T-jak pedestal and then raise it to the necessary height without help from another person.  After getting the cabinet to the proper height you (or someone else) still have to hold the cabinet against the wall (or clamp it to an adjacent cabinet).The first T-jak I ordered arrived without the screw rod included.  The second T-jak arrived with an extra screw rod included.  Both packages were coming apart at the seams when they were delivered.Although I am a proficient do-it-yourselfer, I decided the cost of my wall cabinets justified hiring 2 professionals to put them up.  One person pushed and held the cabinet up against the wall while the other person screwed them into the wall and screwed the face frames together.
The handle is too short to use when rolling a 4X8 sheet of plywood. You have to bend over so much to reach it that you can't see forward enough to roll it.  It is built solid and would be outstanding if the handle was around 7" longer.  The small wheels limit the tool for use on flat hard surfaces. Will not roll across thick grass.  If the handle was extended this would be great!
I purchased mine from Lowes. I was not impressed with it from the start. The boards that make up the top are never level with each other. They are made of some kind of Chinese bamboo plywood and two of them sag in the middle. As for clamping...  terrible. It wouldn't hold anything still. The metal frame is made fairly well but I found that mine was twisted and parts were not connected properly. After some tinkering I got most of the kinks out except the sagging top. Still, I wish I had returned it based on my first impression. All you are likely to use this for is a work table and it is a bad one at that.  I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I needed a workbench in a pinch as I hadn't built mine yet and this received adequate reviews. After a couple months of using it, I should've waited. Putting it together wasn't too bad. The only tricky part was the the "vise" where it was tough to get the plastic lined up with the gear shaft. It's hard to clamp things to it because of all the over hanging metal. You can't clamp things to two entire sides because something gets in the way. It seems sturdy but at certain angles it's tippy. For example, on the box cover, there is a picture of a door being held by the table. For kicks, I tried this with a door sitting in my basement and it immediately fell over. I tried it with a 2x2 birch plywood and the same thing while it didn't fall over, a very small bit of pressure on the end (where, for example, I'd want to route the edge) made it tippy. There's no way I'd want to do any power tool work on this as I just don't trust it to stay stable. Nevermind getting a clean cut -- I'm talking about cutting myself.The bench dogs work well but only for limited size pieces. I guess if you're a model builder you'll be OK, but anything bigger than a jewelry box will have issues with it. It's also too small to use as a sit down bench. It has worked well as a small outfeed table for my table saw but for that I could've just used a sawhorse. Bottom line is take the $90 you'd spend on this, buy yourself some wood, and build something bigger, better, and more stable than this thing. If you don't want to do that, buy yourself a small kitchen cabinet and screw a top onto it. You'll have a much more stable and functional work surface.
First, I got this at a deep discount, so am writing a review in context of the price that most pay. So lets start by saying that the instructions are crap. They have useless drawings and even have errors in the text. (mislabeled parts-top block vs. front block) Again, I had to giggle since there are only a dozen parts to put together,so it should be a cinch, right? Well, my friend and I were laughing at first and then later we were just plain annoyed at why this should be so difficult.My friend is a process engineer and writes complex instruction manuals for a living. he could not believe that any quality control was asserted during the writing of the manual!On to the nitty gritty:So, After we discovered that the belt-drive that makes the handles turn together was mis-aligned, we set to fixing that first. once that was done, we got all the boards on top. None of them lined up well. The cranks to tighten the work clamps are not going to last because they are cheap plastic "snap-ons". The belt skips constantly, and is cheap plastic. The wood surface has numerous flaws as well. The metal frame is banged up too, despite the box being fine.Grades:Directions-  D-Assembly ease- DQuality-  c-Stability-  BUsability-  BValue-  D+  (or a B+ if you got the lightning Deal)Overall-  C-Now that being said, I just bought this to hold my miter saw. It will work fine for that purpose and the price was fine. Otherwise it is just the classic, "made poorly in china" junk that once reputable companies are putting out nowadays.
I have one of the original aluminum die-cast Workmates (made in Great Britain in the 70's) that had seen its better day.  So I went with this "updated" model from Black & Decker.  What a joke and an extremely poor excuse for "progress".  It's mostly made of cheap stamped metal and plastic parts that make for a very rickety and unstable platform that is a mere wisp of the original Workmate.  It came damaged, and I have since had to replace several plastic parts to keep it some form of working order (such as it is).  When I finally get some time, I am going to refurbish my old Workmate and junk this POS.
The Black & Decker Workmate 425 provides a sturdy durable working/clamping surface, however, there are several design flaws that make it less practical.  The first being the instructions.  They are poorly written and are in very small print.  They are confusing and it took two of us a couple of hours to figure them out.  We finally succeeded in putting it together without the instructions.The top working surface is cheap fiber board, not hard wood.  The frame is steel but the attachments to the top are very breakable plastic parts.  The top clamps are made of cheap plastic also.  I don't think the clamping pressure is suitably strong enough for holding glued surfaces tight.As a whole, considering the money spent, I don't think that the poor quality of construction is worth the price.  It's like a glorified TV dinner tray.  I wouldn't buy another one.
Here's a couple of things the pictures won't tell you:1) The vise handle, track and pin and quite loose and plastic. Once you install the handles on the item you can't take them apart again as they are held in with pins you have to hammer in.2) The area between the two ends on the vise planks opens only between 4-6 inches so you can only hold something thats between 4-6 inches wide3) The alignment on mine was off by about 1/4" which is a lot considering it's supposed to double as a vise4) Overall I'd say this item is not really suitable for any kind of serious work. Might be good as a kid's play thing
After reading all of the reviews here I bought the 2700XL for my Makita 2703.  I thought that it would be an improvement with regard to the fence and add some much needed table space.  I realize in retrospect that I should have just sold the 2703 and bought a new saw.  Here are the issues:Fighting with the nylon mounts - Rather than attach to your table saw in any stable fashion it is designed so that your  saw rests on nylon ring mounts.  These are extremely frustrating to get set up properly for a tight fit.  As you screw in the bolts (from underneath the table) the rings invariably move throwing you out of square.  Right off the top of my head I can think of a half dozen ways this could have been done better.  Poorly done.Even more poorly done - what I would call a MAJOR DESIGN FLAW: there is absolutely no way to level the 2700XL to your table saw.  After I was done fighting with the nylon mounts I was horrified to find that the 2700XL table sat a good 1/16" below my saw bed.  Try moving the fence across and "clank!"  Its a "no go."  What's worse - apparently not anticipating this, Rousseau incorporates exactly ZERO ways to adjust the height of the table or saw to correct for it.  I was able to get around this eventually by unscrewing the 2700XL table and inserting washers underneath.  Again, I can easily think of several ways to prevent this - for example, mounting the table on adjustable thumbscrews.  Makes you wonder what they are paying their engineers for (?!?)Poor instructions - Although it was not mentioned in the relatively meager instructions, there are hex nuts that you can adjust to square the fence that are hidden on the inside of the fence.  It took me a few weeks to figure that one out.  Perhaps if I was a table saw pro I would have known that but why not include it in the instructions guys...why?One positive thing I can say about this product is that it seems sturdy when the legs are unfolded.  Also, once set up correctly the fence seems pretty accurate.  This is NOT, I repeat, NOT a portable solution.  Heavy and no wheels.  Very unwieldy to move around and no wheeled base is available.In the final analysis, I am not sure why anyone would buy this rather than just get a better saw in the first place.  The onyl reason I could think of would be to have a bigger table stand at home and be able to pick up the saw and go with it...I would just have two saws.  For me this was throwing good money after bad.
This is an example of a good idea badly implemented.  The clip slides up and down the tool belt and the hook bends easily.  I stopped using it after having my Panasonic drill fall to the ground twice.  Should have used steel, not Aluminum for the hook and come up with away to keep the clip from sliding.  Unfortunately, this is useless.
Indeed, this is changing a 5 star review to a two star.  I got one of the last Japan-issue versions, and planned on keeping it forever.  However, this didn't pan out.  The new China version is very poor by comparison.  First, the cat's paw doesn't have the close tolerance of the original.  It can't get small trim nails.  In fact, the whole effect seemed dramatically different and I gouged the hell out of some plywood (didn't happen with original).  Next, the ultra-thin blade is not so thin at all.  I have other prybars by Hyde and Red Devil which win handily now in terms of thin-ness.  Finally, the blade was actually ground differently on the inside edge, a clear sign of sloppy craftsmanship, it was maybe 3/32 different on one side.  Very disappointed in Shark.  If you have the best tool and can't cut it as a company, just raise the price, don't become a lesser thing for the same price.  Now this bar is in between what it was and something you can buy at HD, and now I have to shop for a proper one.BTW, if you go to the shark website, and read their PDF on their incredible hand-finished tools, the exact things that are missing are the "V-blade" in the cat's paw they claim grabs the nail.  It's closer to a pinched U now.
I bought this after using the detail saw for a number of projects.  The finer side works well, and cuts plenty fast.  The other side is completely useless though.  The teeth are way to aggressive and just end up binding unless you use the lightest of pressure.  Doing it with that tiny of a cut means it takes longer to make the cut than just flipping it over and using the finer teeth.
I have had this hammer one month and use it every weekend on a garage rehab project. I find the leather handle slippery. There is no stickiness to it and when I swing it wearing my leather work gloves the hammer will fly out of my hands. I am worried that I may hit my friend who is helping me on this project.I like the feel and balance of the hammer but the leather wrapped handle is just not working for me.  I plan to continue to use the hammer with the hope that in time the leather wrap will soften and become tacky.  I purchased another hammer last week with a rubber handle which I use now more than this hammer.
it started out really good and i after using it for about 6 months it it pretty much useless b/c it wore so now it will not even grab a nail head anymore.
The guiding edge of the tool is tig welded with a big blob of welding bead that was not cleaned up. Hence when using the guide to mark a square, the welding just mis-align the squaring. Totally unusable.
This level is a good level but it is not a 40 dollar level. I guess I'll have to buy a Swanson level, Swanson's torpedo is the exact same level that Klein sells (Klein buys it and slaps their name on it just like they do with most of their other tools) it costs 25 bucks it has neodymium magnets, bigger vials and it has and is machined from solid aluminum just like the Checkpoint. I've had many Checkpoints and I like them but they aren't worth the money.
I gotta say that this torpedo level is a nice size, has a lot of features and looks great.  However, one critical component is lacking...they filled the vials with too much liquid making the bubble so small it's nearly impossible to get an accurate measurement.  I picked up a 9" Swanson torpedo at the same time (just in case) and it's a much easier-to-read level, just like my Stabilas.  The Checkpoint is going back.
I bought 2 of these compressors - one for me and one for my son.  Each of our compressors has failed in the identical fashion, his multiple times.  I think the basic compressor, i.e. the electric motor and vane compressor, is quite solid, but the control circuit which turns the motor on and off is quite cheesy and prone to failure.  It is also *very* expensive to replace.Since this has happened to us a total of 3 times now, this is not just a case of random failure, but is a systematic problem.  A shame, too, because the rest of the tool seems quite robust.  We are shopping for new compressors now.  I can tell you one thing - they won't be Hitachi.
I see all the good reviews on this hose, but my experience was not pleasant.I can only assume that mine was defective, with a built-in permanent twist.It was very aggravating because I cannot coil this hose up for storage or to hang it on the wall - regardless if it's under air pressure or not. All my previous air hoses did not have this problem. I can coil them up easily for transport or storage.I really like the bright orange color and the hose seems very tough. Rather than return or trash it, I cut it's length short and now I'm using it as a feeder hose from my compressor to an air hose cord reel.Again, maybe my hose was defective, so it might be a good idea for you to check and inspect yours upon delivery.Cheers, Jeff
I found it more trouble then it is worth. I am using it in the winter so that can be part of my problem but I just do not see much significant time or hassle savings using this. It is similar to any garden hose reel; any tangle or snag still is requires individual attention.A better way to organize, sure. For those who always leave a cord a mess will this help, sure, but it still comes down to the effort of before and after and how you leave the cord out.
Tried 3 different male 1/4&#34; NPT connections... Leaked at every one.  Doesn't seem to fit all the way on. May try to use a thread restorer or tap to see if it can get better...Otherwise the quick connect portion works great with no leaks.
The staples rate 5 stars.  Amazon shipping gets none.  I ordered 5 different sizes of these staples.  Each one was shipped separately.  After  opening each box I had to find coffee cans for the staples.  The boxes were are ripped up and the staples were all loose in the shipping boxes.  One strap of duct tape around the ends would have saved the whole problem.
** See my review of the N89C as wellI bought a N80 and it would not drive a 3" or a 3 1/4" galv. spiral nail into Douglas Fir. After sending the gun in to see what was wrong with it. It was send back with nothing wrong. I took the gun, the nails, and the wood to the Bostitch distributor. They could not get it to drive the nails. Even the new one they pulled off the shelf did not do it. They gave me a N89. The depth adjustment on the N89 is nice and it has never jambed. Changing nail sizes is much easier then the N80.Both the N80 and the N89 double fire easily. I have listen to nails land 50-60ft away on the street.The crew framing my house uses 4 Hitachi NV83 guns. Thees guns are more balanced, drive 3 1/4" nails no problem, and I have not had a double fire yet. The Hitachi guns run 3-6 coils of nails a day 6 days a week in the mud and sawdust. If I ever wear my N89 out I'll be spending the extra $$$ on the Hitachi.
This item is made pretty well. Holds securely. Love the feature of pulling outward to release, simply pushing the bit into the holder and it automatically snaps to hold.BUT, this holder is actually very long, it is too long,... 3 inches long. That longer 3in length means more of a wobble when the chuck spins the drill bit.  There is more loss of control in precise situations when the bit starts 3 inches out from the chuck. After it arrived I tried to find out how I made that mistake. But there is no mention of the length in the description beside the picture or directly below. Hmmmm.So I backtracked further to see how I got snookered. Looking at the product picture, it does not appear to be particularly long. But pictures can be deceptive.  The reviews were good. Don't think anyone mentioned or complained about the length. If they did I missed it.  How was I supposed to know it was 3 inches long?? Finally, I  checked the dimensions buried in the description: 5.8 x 2.9 x 1.3 inches. What does that mean to you? To me, that's unclear. Nothing about this item is 6in long, 3in wide etc..  5.8x2.9x1.2inches seems to be the  dimension of the shrink wrap cardboard the loader is encased in. That is not a fair description in my book. Reported this to Amazon Customer Support.So I searched Amazon & ordered a Wera K Rapidaptor that's top quality, same features, 1/3 shorter than the Dewalt, and they did not hide the length of the holder...2inches.  The line description beside the Wera holder is this: "Wera 889/4/1 K Rapidaptor Universal Bit Holder for 1/4" Hex Drives, 2in Long."  Everything is right up front. The Wera carries a higher price but you get higher quality, more compact length, more control & LESS wobble vs the Dewalt DW2505 & is well worth the few extra dollars.  Cannot recommend the 3in Dewalt DW2505.
After I put it into action did I found what I need. There are actually two types of rapid loader, one looses bits by pushing forwards, one pulling backwards. This is the later, which from time to time prevent a smooth work flow. With pushing forwards action, you push, and remove bits in one move. With backwards moving, you have to do two moves, first to loose the bit, then move again for removal of the bit.Comparing to another brand, I like Rxxxx better!Only thing good about it might be its slim size. BTW, Dewalt impact driver also have similar backwards loosing mechanism.  Need to get used to.
These bits are very well made but once you open the package they will tumble about and stray in your toolbox.  Like many of their other items they should have considered some sort of case or containment so they don't get lost.  The 2 stars is only for the lack of package, not the bits which work very well.
Smallest bit spun out of its holder on first use, rendering it useless. I had to get a drill with a chuck to remove it from the guitar neck I was drilling. All I was doing was pre-drilling a hole in a guitar neck for a strap button.
Many years ago I had a combination drill and countersink for wood screws. It consisted of a half drill (flat on one side) a relief cutter for the shank, and a countersink cutter. It was adjustable from short to long, and worked well. I anticipated the DeWalt version doing as well. I was going to build a redwood potting bench for a friend, and didn't want the inevitable oversized countersinks on holes to spoil the looks.One problem was that the maximum length on the #6 drill (including countersink) was 1 1/2&#34;. They do make #6 screws longer than that.But the thing that made the tool almost worthless was the angle on the countersink. I had no way to precisely measure that angle, but I couldn't find a single screw that matched it and it was obviously more obtuse than my countersinks.There are two common angles on wood screws: 82 degrees (US) and 90 degrees (Europe). Apparently the DeWalt tools use the 90 degree countersink. That means that a 82 degree screw (more acute angle) will bottom out before its chamfer is seated if screwed into a 90 degree countersunk hole. Since there's no stop to keep the countersink from going deeper--it won't get larger in diameter--one can keep drilling until the head is flush. In other words, drill/try, drill/try. It just won't be right even if flush.This meant that I might as well drill a pilot hole, then use another drill motor to carefully countersink (82 degrees) until the head is flush.There is an 82 degree countersink with stop made by Amana, which I'm going to try next.I'm giving two stars on behalf of our European woodworking friends.
This was a pretty good bit, but honestly I don't see them use. I use it for pre-drilling screw holes in cabinets and honestly I think a regular bit works better. Plus this one broke from the chuck.
I figured spending the extra to get a Dewalt product would result in getting a better tool.  This turned out to not be true.  The magnet of this bit holder is close to worthless.  I have a no-name bit holder that has a much better magnet at a lower cost.  Look elsewhere if you use this tool professionally.
I remember when Dewalt made quality tools, cheaper brands make better quality shafts. The bit holder magnet is the weak link that makes this tool useless to someone that uses it full time. If you plan on occasionally using the shaft then it may be worth it. Avoid if you are a carpenter you will be pulling your tip out of every screw. I bought 5 of these and they all work the same.
Wow...I saw all the good reviews and was expecting an amazing blade...boy was I wrong.  The thing did cut quickly and easily but when I looked at the edge of the board it was TERRIBLE!  I would have to joint the board 1/16" to get rid of all the marks it left.I am sure that my table saw is adjusted properly cause I just checked it with a dial indicator.  I also look at the results I get from my Ridgid combination blade, which are like glass.  The Freud is almost like what you get from a bandsaw blade but with burn marks to boot!Maybe this blade needs a stabilizer to work properly, but I'm not going to buy one to find out if I can return this.
Well I must go against the grasin on this one.Ive used prob 75 differant blaeds in my caqrrier on differant saws, this one was a big dissapointment. It vibrates so bad my saw was moving on the stand, no its not bent, it also is very loud. Swithced to the Freud 1050 10" combination for ripping on my table saw and it is smooth and quite, cuts smooth and easy, I recomend this one
Granted I've had this blade for 5 years.  But I don't abuse my tools [been a woodworker since 1960] and this is only one of 30 blades I have on-hand.  So as I'm ripping some sweet gum lumber the other day, and when the blade stops, it just happens to stop with a 'chipped tooth' at TDC [top dead center].It's obvious to me that it was a bad tooth to begin with ... 'cause for anyone who has ever horsed junk wood, if you hit a nail [or similar] you're going to take out more than one.  But no other tooth is in less-than-perfect condition.  The carbide fractured near the base but didn't snap off the base.  My experience says &#34;bad carbide&#34;.I used the &#34;contact&#34; page at Freud.com to ask if there's a lifetime on &#34;workmanship and materials&#34; ... I would think there would be.  But, surprisingly, I haven't heard a peep from them.Fortunately, I'm not noticing a deficiency in this non-critical work ... but I am going to relegate the blade to the minor leagues.
I've previously ordered Freud blades and had good success with them.  They had minimum run-out in a good quality blade.  For me, this particular blade had more run-out than previous blades and thankfully, just after I tuned it to minimal run-out on my blade arbor, I noticed that one tooth was bent toward the center of the blade and only soldered at the extreme inside edge.  It would have easily flown off if I had turned my saw on.  I'm extremely careful not to bump saw blades against anything and saw no damage to the carbide tip of the blade, so it appears there was a problem in the manufacturing process.  I returned this blade and ordered a Forrest blade, which I am very pleased with.
I ordered this to use while my Woodworker II is sharpened, and wow, it is a very very nice blade.  I've been cutting some poplar and cherry today, and the cuts are just as smooth as the Woodworker's when it's sharp.  I will probably keep using this blade even when my other blade is returned.  Highly recommended.**EDIT**Yea so, the teeth started falling apart after only a few days use.  I had no choice but to send it back.  Very odd.  It was really nice while it lasted, but now I'm scared to try another.
I seemed to have some fitting problems with the bearings as well. After I first purchased the bit and bearing set, I was able to make some picture frames without too much hassle. Yet today I was rabbeting a recess for some stained glass panels in a complicated door I've been making for a cabinet. I've invested about 4-5 hours into the door... cutting, making tenons, making mortises, creating panels, and glue up. I've been very careful to assemble these doors as they will be accepting some antique leaded glass panels that I've saved for just this purpose. All of my dimensions were critically planned and it was assembled to fit the antique panels. But today, the bearing on my rabbet bit seized as I was milling the recesses, and then it unscrewed itself and fell off as I was making a pass. As you can imagine, since the bearing suddenly fell off I lost my guide edge and I cut a huge chunk out of my carefully assembled door.  Trying to salvage what I had left, I switched to a deeper cut to smooth out the error (using a smaller bearing) and the same thing happened again! The bearings are unusable. I don't know if I'm going to be able to salvage my door - I might have to rebuild it.I've used both bits on picture frames and furniture pieces without problems. But the shims, screw, and bearings are all soft metal and haven't held up at all. I would expect higher quality from Freud.This is probably the 4th or 5th time I've used this $60 bit and bearing kit. I'm livid and restraining myself from cursing in this review.I have CMT bits that I use for tongue and groove and they've reliably routed probably 100 ft of boards for me. I will get the CMT rabbet bit and will avoid Freud from now on.
I've had this installed on my Jet 18&#34; bandsaw.  It went together well.  The directions were a little vague.  It makes moving the saw easier, obviously.However:1) The small wheels get stuck on pretty much everything2) It picks up the tool in order to move, or drops it to keep it in place.  It's a heavy saw, and I don't like this.3) Only the wheels by the levers turn.  Makes it hard to steer.Currently it's still on the band saw, but I've bought a different brand to try.  (Shop Fox) I haven't installed it yet, but I won't buy another one.  Maybe the HTC3000 works better, but it costs a lot more too.
Now I believe I'm in the minority based on these reviews I see. Let me tell you my experience and use your own judgement, it's fine to have a differing opinion.I used this for my Jet contractor saw, not that time consuming to put together but more so than the one piece unit I replaced it with.Trying to lock it steady on those rubber feet took more time to do than putting it together. Then, If I move the saw to use my router table I have to readajust it since my cement floor only looks completely smooth. so there's some back and forth issue with making the thing stable when it's moved and repositioned.I'm not talking about cobblestone imperfection, it's subdle variations in concrete that make 4 wheels rock back and forth ever so slightly if they're not just right. Those 2 rubber feet have to take the weight of the saw and hold it steady or else if you push something heavy there's a chance the saw will move during your pushing. I don't want to have to follow my saw back and forth with shim stock. The nut and bolt type adjustment is tedious. I think Shop Fox has a heavier universal base that uses 2 feet but with large knob adjusters and also a thicker frame.3 wheels always stay on the ground regardless of the slight imperfection which is what I've found on the one piece mobile base that's made specifically for individual equipment. I just put the one piece base on and forget it. Rolling circles to my hearts content around like a crazy merry-go-round. Stop and cut or route and back to where it once was, no problem. Cost twice as much, saved more than that cursing this univeral base.I'm going to put this mobile base under my drill press which doesn't have to move, but only if it has too move, it will then be able too. I actually think the slight height increase would be worth it as well.
First off - if you're buying this base it's probably because you can't find a mobile base specific for your needs.  Hands down, the best mobile bases are made by Delta.  They're simple, durable, effective  and easy to use.  Check to see if Delta makes a size similar to what you need first.  If you need this item, know that the frame feels flimsy, it rusts easily and the wheel assemblies are cheap and difficult to lock securely.  BUT it does move equipment around on wheels, it does lock down and it can be customized for any size tool or machine.
I still don't know what to think about this sander. I tried it several times and here are my thoughts. If you are doing the job from start to finish this sander will get heavy after about 10 minutes. It weighs too much, especially if you are doing a ceiling. I like the idea but it's an expensive piece of equipment. I felt as though I had to push down on the unit to get it to sand. This is where it starts to get heavy. I think I'm going to try the Fiba-Tape dustless pole sander next. As for my Porter Cable 7800, well eBay it is.Update: I tried the Wilco Dustless pole sander and I think it's a better alternative.
I was hoping for something that would hold the jumper cables compactly, but this bag is much bigger than need be.  And it doesn't look like the picture.  I think I'll return it for those reasons.
I got this Bucket Boss Jumper Cable Bag to put my cables in to go behind the seat in my truck.  It's a little small, except for the lightest cables.  Mine are not, rather industrial, black heavy cables with the clamps that require a strong hand to squeeze.  They will fit, but really tightly.  If this bag were larger it would get 4 stars, but is lightweight and more for the back of a SUV driven by a socker mom, who feels obligated to offer help when one of her friends car won't start on a cold day out at the field.  Good enough for that use, just not heavy enough for rough use, and it will get dirty too easily.  The price was right, $14.38 delivered with my Prime membership, but I think I'll look around and see if I can find one a little beefier for the long haul.
much smaller than expected. this will only hold the shortest and thinnest of cables. bag is well made but anything longer than 12-15 of thin cables will not fit inside. 4ga cables of anything longer than 10-12' aren't going to work with this bag.disappointed with this one. not worth the return so i will find something else to use it with.
I bought this with the intention of inserting it in the same bucket as the one that I put the Bucket Boss 56 Pocket Tool Organizer onto. When I put it inside, I learned I couldn't fit my larger tools into the inside pockets (the pockets used for the larger tools) of the organizer because the stacking tray made too tight of a fit. Maybe having a deeper bucket might solve the problem.
Got 2 of these and both had one socket no longer working in less than 2 months. One of them even has the motion detector just plain doesn't work, since it kicks on and off randomly at all hours of the night, even with the detector itself completely covered. Defiantly would buy a different/better brand next time.Sure, it has a great warranty, but would you rather buy a product they replace WHEN it goes bad in a couple months and have to take time out to install, etc. Or buy a better product that may have a shorter warranty, but doesn't fail for 10+ years.
We purchased three of these.  We needed some outdoor light fixtures in a hurry.  These were cheap enough that I felt we could replace them in a short time if we needed to.We initially purchased one.  It worked fine for a few months so we went ahead and bought to more identical ones for the 2 additional fixtures that we needed.  About a week after we purchased the two additional ones and had them installed the first one started to go on the fritz.  One night the dog decided he needed to go out at 2 am. The light decided to essentially Blink. On and off...about every 5 seconds.  I swore it would stop. After about 15 minutes of watching it and worrying that it would bother one of our neighbors I finally went out to the garage and turned the switch off that it is attached to.The timer on that light no longer really works.  It just stays on as long as it feels like it.  I haven't seen it do the &#34;blinking&#34; again, but it certainly doesn't stay on for the 10 minutes that I have selected.The other two seem to be working fine so far, but I anticipate they will fail too in a short amount of time.  I feel like this item is a hit-or-miss item.  Its made poorly so some will be fine, and others will freak out.If you're deciding between this one and a slightly more expensive one, I might spend the few extra bucks if you're looking for something that lasts.  I hoped ours would last at least the 6 months to a year that we required, but obviously that was asking too much.  I certainly won't be replacing it until the spring weather, so if it goes on the blink again, I might just try to live without it until the spring.  Our back yard is sort of a motion-light-mine-field so if the other two can pull through I think we'll be fine.
The last motion sensing flood light I paid the same amount for was made out of metal... this is plastic and the range is half as wide. This was also a pain to install and took five times longer than it should have to install because it is that cheaply made.
Had to shave PVC conduit tubes on back so it would sit flush against mounting surface ,read instructions several times and it still doesn't work properly ,would have sent back but since had to alter PVC tubes I knew they would blame that on malfunction of sensor ,it simply doesn't work as advertised ,disapointed with product but for less than $20 dollars what does one expect ,enough said.
After 2 days:Sensor works, best for detecting movement between 5-20 feet awayHeavy duty plastic, not sure how long it will last, but for the price can't complain, I bought 3 of them so I can swap it out if needs be.After 45 days:Update, after 1 month, just disconnected it as it has been clicking on and off incessantly for the past 2 weeks. Acting more like a strobe light instead of a security light. First I just removed the light bulbs, no help all it would to is continually click. Will probably swap it out with one of the other units I bought, but failure after just 1 month of use doesn't lend me a whole lot of confidence.
Jaws are not lined up on the sides. Front is not lined up either (upper jaw hangs for about 0.031 inches). Poor made. Thin pliers. Hard to move jaws because they stuck time to time. It says made in USA, but it feels like in China.
They seem pretty low quality - stiff to open and close, with the spring barely able to open them unassisted.  The cut aluminum ok, vinyl siding bends and can be cut with a few tries, but it is useless on paper and plastic.  I should have tried it sooner so that I could return it.
The &#34;sand&#34; on this sandpaper is not solid and it doesn't last long. This is not the 3M products I have grown accustomed to.
As a safety engineer who investigates ladder accidents, I recommend that any step ladder you purchase have a duty rating of at least 250 pounds for safety. Also, the aluminum models, while lighter weight, are also more flexible and easier to tip over. I recommend a fiberglas model.I purchased this ladder for destructive testing, not for use.
I've been using these 3M filters (size 20x25x1) for years, with the same 'Comfortmaker' furnace, changing them once a month due to severe allergies that my family has. The last 2 filters were totally collapsed, to where I could not slide them out! Makes me wonder for how long these had been sitting in my furnace collapsed/damaged like this! It seems to me that 3M has significantly cheapened the quality and reinforcement ability of these filters. Shame on them! I will be looking elsewhere.
I had a old Fluidmaster for years -- worked fine.  Bought a new toilet and this valve is a bit quieter, but it stopped working after about one year.  Tried the repair suggested by the video, but it failed again.  Waste of my time to worry about whether a toilet is going to flush.  Going back to a tried and true valve.
The quality of this product is horrible. MagLite has some of the worst flashlights in the world in terms of quality of the light throw and the brightness. For one, they do not use bright white LEDs which is pretty much unheard of nowadays. Also, the light itself barely exceeds 15 lumens. I would NOT recommend this product for the serious adventurer or even for utility reasons because there are so many other great lights out there. Even my nano key chain light from Streamlight is 2x or 3x brighter than this MagLite and it's as small as my thumb nail! MagLites are relatively expensive for what you get. Get a quality Streamlight pen light for 20 bucks and it will be literally 5x brighter, takes the same batteries and has much better construction and features.MagLites do NOT use the orange peel style reflector, the light is dim, it's yellow light and the adjustment does not help to make it brighter nor does it help make the light more usable. My pen light may not have an adjustable light but it gives off such a bright light that it doesn't matter and throws the light far enough that it would beat out the MagLite in every aspect. Even you put the MagLite beam into the Streamlight beam, it disappears completely which really shows how dim it is. Do NOT buy this product, invest your money in a much brighter LED system that resists water and shock. MagLites are trash and until they come out with a better and more standard up to date design, avoid them. I wouldn't even give this light away because it's so low quality.
This flashlight has very average brightness. The beam that it produces is very uneven. Battery life is average. Basically, it is the Chevy Caviler of flashlights.If you are interested in top performance, check out flashlights from Fenix, Streamlight or Surefire. They will cost more, but there is a night and day difference. A similarly sized flashlight that produces 10X the brightness with a very smooth and even light is the Surefire G2.
To start with, this little flashlight is a first generation fashlight, whereas the modern lithium-powered "tactical lights" are of third generation. Therefore, it is clear that this light can not match those modern super-bright flashlights in performance.By todays' standards, the Mini Maglite is an adequate general-purpose flashlight. It is comfortably small, although if it were a bit fatter, it would fit better to a hand. The body of the flashlight is of high-impact aluminium, making the Mini-Mag a very sturdy little light, tough enough to be used as an impact weapon.You need two hands to operate Mini Maglight. As there is no light switch, you activate the light by rotating the head of the light, until the light activates. This can be very ankward, depending on the situation on which you need the light. The light is actually quite dim, by modern standards. Again, it depends on the situation if the Mini-Mag is bright enough, but as a rule of thumb, the more powerful the light is, the better. After all, there is very little need for dull knifes, or dim flashlights. Also, the light pattern of Mini-Mag is not even, but the light beam has dark rings or spots, making it harder to see clearly the "target" on some occasions.If you need a small general-purpose flashlight to keep in the glove compartment of your car, for example, Mini Maglite is a reasonable choice. It is an affordable light, and the batteries are much cheaper than those used in modern high-powered flashlights. But if you need the flashlight for more serious use, it's better to look for a third generation flashlight.
Product works well initially but beware of product life LESS THAN the 10-year warranty.  I have 7 on my home.  The motion sensor has now failed on two of them.  I called the 800 number at Desa and chose "Sales".  No answer after 25 rings.  I then tried "Tech Support".  Put on hold for 20 minutes with music....never got through....I just gave up.  Suggest you find another supplier.  Maybe they are all poor products.
This unit worked great for various type tool organization.I say worked as it didn't take long to "weather" and become brittle and that was indoors not out.I would be hesitant to reorder one.
Terrible durability. COOPER BRING BACK MY OLD GUN WITH NUTS PLEASE. DUMP THIS GUN IN GARBAGE PLEASE. Tip good for 10 joints
The bottom part is what I wrote thinking and looking at the photo Just knowing that I was getting what has been Weller's mainstay for 50 years.LIE LIE LIE LIKE A RUG!  Which is another way to say a "BEAR FACED LIE" Or LAY as in getting hmmmmmm I can not say that word on hear as this is not TV. Nothing about this pistol style soldering gun reflects the older ones. Normally it is new and improved right? Not in this case. Speaking of CASE that is the only new part that is worth a dang, Blow molded cases are really nice, Too bad the handle piece of the gun isnt at least made of that grade of plastic. I would have settled for the old handle rather than the new style which is ba terrible grade of reused recycled caca. The posts that hold the copper tip they screwed up with as well. Come one set screws for a joint that has constant heat and cool cycle. The old style with the nuts over the tip metal worked just fine. If it ain't broke you do not have to go out and break it dummy. WHAT YOU CAN'T even get the product labels on straight. Hey there us a sot cast into the handle for them to fit inside the handle.I hope to find a way to take photos and show how bad this stuff is.Tell you what Weller send me the old style Handle you can send the lables with the backing on them I can at least get them put on straight. Send me new posts that have the nuts that screw onto and hold the tip to them. also a new tip with the nuts to hold them on. The proper type of trigger switch that lets the light dim when you do the one stage two stage type. that has a focus lens in the bulb/ I have not wanted to take it apart to see how bad it is in side so let us leave it at that OK Weller Or at least send me the parts list for the old style guns so I can build one from scratch. If you do that I can find a few illegal aliens  to start assembling them I could sell them much fast than you can The word will get out in a heart beat,dray"""""My Mom got me one of these so I could solder some little things I needed to solder together. Hey we lived out a ways and she got them with S&H; Green Stamps. Yes I did learn to solder much better with other types later on still Every time I see one I think back to then. Back in the 70's I taught soldering classes at both Litton Ind and JPL in LA. One of my demo's was to show folks how to write their name with 22ga rosin multi core solder using one of these guns on low power and with a special home made tip I built out of solid copper wire.To this day they still make these guns the same as they always have and I hope they always will. It is funny these guns cost $26 back then,,,, Let us say almost 50 years ago. and the still cost the same to this day. Course minimum wage was only 90 cents an hour back then. Hey I drove a tractor and got a dollar an hour plus room and board in the bunk house. After dinner we would get together some of us and walk the three miles to the general store use the pay phone their. A local call cost a dime. Or spit on a penny and slide it just right and you got back fifteen cents change. Opps is their a statue of limitations on that I hope. I never call out of state.dray
This &#34;old&#34; design may have been great 75 years ago, but I find it difficult to use, and not friendly to the surface.  It is also very heavy, works best from your &#34;handed&#34; side, and has too loose a fit on the sliding handle.  I stopped using this after two days and bought a titanium nail puller.
This is a good belt, so I thought. I used it several times until the buckle kept coming undone. I finally gave up when I it came off while I was on a ladder 12 feet off the ground. I threw it out for safety reasons.
The instructions state to use two first class stamps.  The envelope said to use five.  I should have used five, I followed the instructions and it got returned to me.  Unfortunately with MLK day and the weekend now I'm over 10 days so by the time it would get there it would be invalid.The other problem is that the card you print your information on is unnecessarily small.  I don't see why they can't make this larger (perhaps a full piece of paper) and give me more space to enter my information.The kit is good and the idea is of decent quality.  But after this mess I'll probably just buy an actual detector.  If I did this again I'd make sure the test started on a Saturday morning and ended on Monday morning and I'd take it to the post office counter.
As a professsional firefighter/paramedic for nearly 13 years, I see a lot of fires. I do know that most detectors out there are NOT dual sensor....they are mostly only ionization detectors that detect flame.  Remember it's usually not the fire that will kill you, it's the smoke and it's deadly component carbon monoxide.  Photoelectric detectors detect these smoke particles and alert you.......ionization rarely do if it's a slow smoldering fire. If your sleeping, by the time the ionization sensors detect the actual flames, the smoke and the CO will most likely have already gotten to you and you will be dead. That's why it's so VERY VERY important to have a dual-sensor smoke detector.  This item is NOT a dual sensor and the manufacturer clearly states every home should have both types of sensors to protect you 100% from fire related death/injury.  Always look for  a photoelectric/ionization detector and buy one.  Have one in your hallway, in the main living room at the very least and I always like to put one in each room because I am overly cautious.  Also make sure to have a B-C extinguisher on hand near the kitchen to put out kitchen grease fires....the #1 cause of residential structure fires.  Hopefully you can put a small one out, but if you discharge the entire extinguisher and the fire is not out......evacuate the house immediately and make sure you or someone called 911 prior to exiting your home.  Stay safe !
We bought 2 of these to put in when we purchased our house a year ago.  I am replacing batteries way too often.  In the past year, I have replaced the batteries in one detector twice, and the other three times.
The good:- Low price- Very smallThe bad:- Only has ionization sensorThis product only has an ionization sensor, it lacks a photoelectric sensor.  I bought this product because rental code required a smoke detector in each room.  I bought a dual-sensor for the hallway, and bought these cheap ones to comply with rental code.I would not use an ionization-only smoke detector as the only device protecting my family or my tenants' family.
I bought this tape to use to put plastic over our windows.  I bought this specifically because the stuff that comes with the shrink window insulation is usually cheap.This stuff came down on 6 of 7 windows!  I am floored and shocked and pretty upset.I put this plastic insulation over my windows every year for 10 years.  This is not a new process for me.TO have one window come loose is rare.  TO have 2 window seals come loose is extremely rare.  To have 6 of 7 is unheard of!I"m really not pleased.And i use the Scotch brand each year.  I don't know why this did not hold, my only guess i that this taps has been sitting for a long time on the shelf and it's old.  Can't explain it otherwise.
The Mag-Lite Solitaire is well designed and well made but simply isn't bright enough.  However, if all you use a flashlight for is looking for your keys under the seat of your car or assisting with reading menus, it may be OK.  It has a sleek design, and it's appeareance won't draw attention on a keychain.  It functions like any other (large) mini mag light, by twisting the end where the light comes out to turn it on and off.  Change the battery by unscrewing the other end.  A spare bulb is concealed within the end cap.Pros:-It's small.-it's well made, with all components fitting together smoothly, and a clean simple appearence.Cons:-it's just not that bright.  Some of the newer LED flashlights are of a similar size but much brighter.Overall, I'd have to give this one a pass, unless I developed a fetish for small, well designed gadgets (like watches, watches are SOOO cool! and miniature sextents, those things are SOOO neat!).  OK, so I have this fetish, and this would explain why I have a Solitaire in my toolbox.
Technology is a marvelous thing. I remember when the Pentium 4 processors were the end-all be-all of personal computing power. I remember when six megapixels in a camera was a "whooooooaaaa" moment.Things change, and this is especially true of electronics.We've had LEDs for years, but until the past few years they had been destined to serve their place as tiny indicator lights. Well, that has changed. Big time.LED technology is now advancing at a pace comparable to the PC boom of the early 2000s. LEDs are getting brighter, more efficient, and much cheaper to produce.The history:I have a 1977 Eveready "Little Commander" flashlight that runs on a single AA battery and puts out what I guess to be about .5 lumen. I bet you that was great back then. The Maglite Solitaire puts out a recorded 2.3 lumens, which can be focused or spread out.The product:The Maglite was the standard of excellence for years, both with law enforcement and in the home. They're tough, bright, and dependable. The same is true of the Solitaire (although on a much smaller scale).My Solitaire is about seven years old, still on the original bulb (the exception, not the rule judging by the other reviews), is still water resistant, still has great connections, and is still solid as a rock.It has, however, gotten a bad rap due to newer, brighter, and more efficient lights which have come out recently.The competition:Fenix- E01, L0D, LD01; 4Sevens- Preon I; etc.These are lights that operate on a single AAA battery just like the Solitaire, but offer much higher lumen counts (10~90), much longer runtimes, and a much more robust light source (LED vs. incandescent).My Fenix E01 throws 10 lumens for 10 hours, with an additional 10 hours on a low-power mode. The Solitaire throws 2.3 lumens for about... well, 2.3 hours.Maglite as a company has rested on their laurels for too long and have become complacent in the ever-growing marketplace. They have a few LED adaptations of their classic lights, but it seems like they're considering this whole LED revolution a "fad" that people will grow out of."They'll get tired of the cool-hued, cold and sterile look of the LEDs..."Not gonna happen.This is not to say that incancesdents don't still have a place.I still use my Solitaire to read at night so as to not disturb my wife.It is a bit overpriced for what it is compared to others in the marketplace, but it is still a quality light that will be dependable.--------UPDATE (6/4/11)--------The original title of my review was "4 stars 5 years ago, 3 stars today". Well, I can say that it's dropped down a star. There are a plethora of single AAA that outshine the Solitaire in all areas, including output, runtime, versatility, and durability.Even though my Solitaire is still reliably pumping out its 2.3 lumens, it's been outshined (ha) by my other single AAA lights.
The quality is great and it's easy to operate.  I bought a couple of these as keychain lights.  However, the light output even with a fresh battery really isn't sufficient for my use.
Not sure if I have a different type of Kwikset lock or what, but this tool didn't fit.  I would suggest trying to take your lock apart before buying this tool.  The product description could be improved upon.
I thought I would give it a shot but after recieving it it was very flimsy and didnt look good. Up on the ceiling looked cheap.Better off finding one made of foam that alows you to cut and trim and shape it to allow fixture to sit right.
Cheap, not shiny, but more of a matte black and its a weird plastic, I wont get again. I also found similar for less money at the home store. Maybe I got a bad one, but I won't try again.
The plate is OK.  The standard switch side fit my existing standard switch and the GFI (large opening) side fit my newly installedAube by Honeywell TI070-3W/U ECONO Switch Programmable Timer Switch, Whitejust fine.  What I found reduced the value of this plate considerably was the screws that came with it.  There was one long screw (that matched the four long screws I removed along with the existing "standard" two switch wall plate, and one short screw.Turns out you can use either short or long screws on the "standard switch" side but require short screws on the GFI side (or you can needlessly drill holes in your wall so the longer scerws will work).  The picture shows four screws and I would have expected, at a minimum, to have four screws supplied with the product.
Cracked on first installation.  Bottom screw on GFI side is very close to the edge and the material is rigid, so one turn too tight and it will crack.
two of the teeth cracked off the second time i used it. very moderate hand pressure on the supplied chuck. doesn't make you feel too good when you can feel it crumbling in your bare hands.... see photo...i'd recommend moving to the 33BA-1/2" which at the time of writing, i've seen on amazon for the same price.http://www.amazon.com/Jacobs-Thread-2-13mm-Bearing-31811C/dp/B00E864WRY
I had exactly the same problems as others have noted, and after much effort got in touch with the customer service manager who really paid attention to my problem. They have redesigned the control, and shipped me a pre-production sample to test. This updated unit works fine. So hold off for a while until version 1.1 comes on the market.
While I've not had the reliability issues others have had, I have a different beef about this product.  After power is restored from a power failure, the light kit is turned on to 100%!  Power outages are frequent in Florida and many happen at night.  Try getting a bright light in your face every, single, time, a power outage happens.  Not fun.  So much so that I've replaced all of these with a different brand to avoid this issue.  Never had this problem with the Hampton Bay remotes I installed nearly 15 years ago, nor the ones I installed last month to replace these.
Should of stayed home and bought didnt read discription on shipping cost way more with the shipping cost.
It really is junky, it jammed for us after using it only a couple of times. I would look at a different brand maybe for a stapler. Arrow used to be good but they have cheapened their product to the point it is not usable when it needs replaced so quickly.
5/16 wide staples come in various depths.Pros:-apparently sturdy construction-forceful staple action so no trouble going through pine (if held straight)-easy staple loading if there are no jamsCons:-rounded handle makes steady grip difficult and two-handed grip preferable to keep stapler absolutely perpendicular to surface, which is a must-difficult for smaller hands-high effort to squeeze handle-removing staple tray to clear jams is a clumsy process needing screwdriver and pliers.
I'm with the other 2 star  guy . I use mine many times a day . I wear them out fast. If you bend it to read the tape, its nick city, then tape tear, then new tape. I'll be getting the cheaper one myself. UPDATEWhatever problems they had they are fixed  I tried all the other tapes (I got a pile)they are not worth the effort. At any rate I kept using my last tape and am still using it, changed the case (old broken tape) because the lock quit working, but still the same blade all this time, and I measure a lot.
It is a great tape but it does not retract if its more than 5 foot out. I have to pull it back in with my hand!!
I've been stymied trying to find the width of the Fat Max's body to calculate the total length. I measured it with another tape (irony) at 3 1/4" but wondered why there wasn't an indication on the housing. Finally, with my arm's-length near eyesight I found a molded legend that's almost covered by the belt clip. Pisspoor product design, but it's a Stanley tradition. Even with reading glasses its hard to read the reflective chrome plated numerals on earlier Stanley tapes I've owned. I wrote a big "+3 1/4" on the case with a Sharpie and vow to avoid Stanley products in the future.
This crow bar looks to be solid and well built but it was too short to be useful. I'm not a big person so 12-inches doesn't give me enough leverage to pry apart stuff. Also, the edge was too blunt for shimming into tight gaps.
Do yourself a favor and spend another ~$13 for the 12-960 Low Angle contractor grade plane with adjustable mouth. If you want a 45 cutting angle, buy a spare blade for it and bevel it at 32. Then you have 2 planes in one. If you want a little more upscale, go with the 12-139 Bailey for ~$76. I have reviews on Amazon for both.
This is Stanley's simplest and cheapest plane, and if you don't mind doing a LOT of work, you can turn it into a function tool. First, you have to flatten the bottom. This can be done with several sheets of sandpaper of various grits ranging from 120 to 320, and anywhere from 20 minutes to an hour's work. Next, file the mouth so it's square, and flatten the frog as you did the sole. Last, flatten the iron and put a good edge on it, using your preferred sharpening system,. In the end you'll have a decent plane that's hard to adjust and has an iron that dulls quickly. Me, I'd spend another $40 and get one of the good Stanleys, or spend another hundred and get a Veritas or a Lie-Neilsen that's a pleasure to use and will last a lifetime.
I saw another reviewer got a plane that he had to retool and rework to get good results from.  I bought mine for one small project, and after struggling with this plane for a little while, I quickly gave up and used another approach instead.  I've used other planes, and never had so much difficulty.  I may get it back out and see if I can retool it to work better as the previous reviewer did, but  reviewing it as the plane I received rather than one I had to repair after receiving, I can't give it more than two stars.
Stanley 28-500 Razor Blade ScraperTwo bucks is about all this tool is worth.  It works, but the blade extension mechanism is fair at best and sometimes gets stuck, especially as the tool gets dirty.  There isn't anything about this tool that distinguishes it from all the other cheap razor scrapers on the market.  My advice is to buy a scraper locally and avoid shipping charges.
I was hoping the blade for this one lasted more, it did the job OK but I think the material used for its blade is very cheap. I did couple of small MDF sawing jobs and the blade is gone. I don't recommend this product.
I picked up this mitre box and saw at the local home-improvement store over the weekend. It's a cheap product and it shows when using it. The plastic body of the mitre box is quite mediocre and flimsy. The saw is serviceable, but I've had mitre saws in the past that worked much better than this. The clamps are pretty worthless. I recommend paying more for a better combo. I'm surprised at the drop in quality of these Stanley tools, but they are being manufactured in Asia these days.
bought this to do one bathroom.....did not get but one piece of trim done.  The blades on the saw are soooooo big that it looks more like you could go out and whack down a tree with it!  You spend more time cutting parts of the mitre box for some reason, as I had yellow shavings everywhere.  Needless going to go get a much better one that does not ruin my trim.
the torx is the only real useful tool in here for the evo4g. not a big fan, just use a credit card instead
Ordered new battery and it's worse then the old battery was for staying charged. Our daughters iPhone 4 had bad battery life so ordered because it was supposed to be apple OEM battery but still battery life is even worse then her original battery that came with the phone new so now I have to try and order another new OEM battery to replace this one I bought last month... This battery should have brought her phone battery life back to new so her charge would last more then just a couple minutes after a full charge
I do not recommend this awl.  There are better ones out there. I had an older stanley that was great until I lost it on a job.  The "steel" is weak and I doubt it will last. Point was not machined properly at the tip...I had to grind it a little to form a point.
This tapes lock mech held better but still a bit too large in my small hand. ergonomically the Komelons feel better.
My wife had one of these and I used it for some rough construction work outside. It was not perfectly square but it was close enough for building a fence. The level was so far out of plumb so as to be useless. Besides, it broke when I knocked it off my bench. The blade came out, the holding pin was lost, so it can't ever be used as a square again. For less money, you can buy the Empire "pro" square, which, although it is no Starrett, is still accurate and much more robust. I keep the Starrett inside my shop. The empire is in the traveling toolbox. The old Stanley blade will make a great scraper or paint-can opener.
This square is pretty standard and seems accurate.  The downside is that it is made out of somewhat thin aluminum.  I stepped on it once and bent it easily.  My swanson square is thicker and has never bent with the occasional misstep.  I'd recommend buying the swanson instead.
I guess, what do u want for $25? It just gunked up and makes a buzzing sound and won't move after a year. Cheap junk. buyer beware.
It does work as screw driver, sorta. It's too long to get into a lot of places. The fold over handle doesn't go far enough. And not having a variable speed really sucks. I can get my cordless variable speed drill into just about any place this will go and some that it wont.Don't try to use this to put slot head screws into finished wood. You will end up with gouges from it slipping off of the screw head because it sorta jump-starts when you press the button.The poor quality batteries are a whole other issue since they seem to die and wont take a charge after just a few cycles through the charger, when you can get the charger to work. I now have 4 chargers. 3 double, only one of those still works on one side. And one single charger that quit working after just a few uses.This has now joined the growing collection of "Things that don't work" that I have. Along with the VersaPak Scum Buster, and the VersaPak Drill.
After jamming a scrap of wood between the blade and the table of my arbor saw and radial arm saw for years I ordered the Bench Dog to get to the free shipping cutoff.  Using this to take off the radial arm saw blade for cleaning was EASY.  I put it under the blade, lowered the radial arm saw blade into it without exerting much pressure, and took the arbor nut right off.  This tool probably saved me 5 minutes.  Considering I've installed and reinstalled blades after sharpening (the days when this was normal), and installed new blades to replace old ones (today's normal) perhaps 100 times (not counting Dado blades) this tool could have saved me perhaps 8 or 9 hours of time over 30 years taking off blades and another 8 or 9 hours putting them back on.  It's worth the cost.UPDATE - It works great until the inside of the tool shreds off and the it's throw away time.  I would not buy another.
I got this sander to get into tiny places that my orbital sander couldn't touch or was too powerful for, as well as contoured pieces, particularly rounded edges. For me, it's weak, even for a detail sander. Takes a long time and doesn't really smooth pieces to my liking, so I end up touching it up by hand. I've found that it's just as fast to do those small areas completely with hand sanding if you have a good, flexible sanding pad. It's very weak on cleaning up glue lines and spots as well--just lacks the power. The concept is good, but the performance is weak. If you want to invest in a detail sander, I would suggest that you go for one with considerably more power.
I've been using Dremel rotary tools for over 25 years and they're hard to beat. The 4.8V MiniMite, however, is a disappointment. While like the safety of the slower speeds, the battery pack has never held a charge unless it's kept in the charger. Unplug it for a few days and it's dead and useless.
The tool is not of good quality. Some of the attachments for cutting broke after first use.After few months of use, I noticed that battery would not charge fully and the tool would be very slow and lose charge within minutes.After about 6 months, now the battery is dead and I can't use this product.I would not recommend this product
I do hours of wood carving every day with my dremel, and it began to take a toll on my hand/wrist. With a smaller object to grip, I have more ways to hold it, and get better leverage by having my fingers closer to the tip so my wrist doesn't have to work as hard. The cable can get hot if run at high speed at too high of an angle, but so far no problems have arisen from the friction. Great tool for detailed work.EDIT: 5 months later, the whole thing came apart in my hands. I picked it up to try to find out what went wrong and how to fix it, and it burned my fingers badly. Turns out high speed will cause it to overheat and destroy itself. I'm pretty ticked, but maybe that's just the way these things work. Anyways, be careful!
I've not really had very much luck trying to use this attachment on my Dremel.  The inner drive portion seems to shift and come "out" during usage so I have to play with it a lot.  Very frustrating and seems like the design could be better.  I also wish the end of the tool were flexible allowing adjustment to 90 degrees.  Seems like Dremel has the market cornered for having to buy special attachments when they could design one that would do the majority without having to constantly change pieces.  I'm sure in their mind it's a good thing because we keep buying attachments to do the projects we need to do and it means big $$$$'s for them.  Overall, my son could have designed a better attachment and am extremely disappointed in the quality / performance this tool provides.
I got this and am really not too thrilled. Let's look at my list of gripes:1. What you actually GET is NOT what is shown in this illustration or even on the box. This tool does NOT come with the pictured tool holder that provides additional stabilization and support. Even though the holder is CLEARLY shown and there is an insert about it in the box, it ain't there.Without the holder, your Dremel is ponly attached to the "table" with a a collar at the top of the tool that is secured with e hex nut. This leaves the body of the tool unsupported and that much linear mass makes for easy deflection when working harder woods.2. Once you have mounted the "table" to a support surface correctly mounting the tool into the holder is a real challenge (I guess I have big fingers)3. The precision of the fence and depth adjustments is really hit or miss as most of the assenbly is plastic.Overall I give it a 2 -- mostly for false inducement.
becareful when using unstable and needs to make a jig for.  dremel may fallout of holder and at high speeds it wobbles and make cut incorrectly.  Better to buy and use the bigger more reliable models.
I have used the Dremel only once, but I tried to mark an antique hammer head, and it mostly skipped around! I thought you were supposed to be able to write with it. Maybe I don't have the nack yet! Will try the diamond tip I also ordered. This is a work in progress!
I have not found this item very good for its supposed use. I have tried to use it a couple times already, and each time the bit I had in it would come loose and start slipping around. Perhaps if the bits were flat on the edges to hold them better. But this chuck is not work the money. I would not recommend or buy again.
Bolts on easily.  Thats where the good ends.  At full extension, the support bar is 1/2" low to the table.  When push in, the front extension rod hits the right side table extension lever.  No thumbscrews for locking it at extension or any position.  Poor design.  I emailed Bosch and they said that is the way it was designed.  ??????  I redrilled the support bar to align it to the table, then I drilled the aluminum brackets for thumbscrews and it works acceptably.
One of the snap-rings used as a stopper to keep the support from sliding all the way out of its rails always catches on the housing of the Bosch table saw. This is a design flaw that should have easily been caught and fixed. It means every time I take out my saw (because I nearly always need the extensions) I have to fiddle with this extension in order to get it past where it catches, and again when putting it away. The back extension doesn't have this problem.
Pros:Bits are from Good quality. Can be used on a 10mm driller (driver).Cons:Do not fit a 1/4 inch driver.
For what is is, it works well. Bag will clog if cutting wet material. bag lays on ground, so if ground is wet, it's a mess. There is no suction, so sawdust still comes up from blade, therefore material will get sawdust on it, therefore sawdust will get on the ground. I don't know where to store this thing, so now when I need it, I'm looking all over the place for it.2 1/2" shop vac hose slides right onto saw. It is the better choice. I use a foot switch christmas tree extension cord so I can turn vacum on and off with ease.
i thought i would use this for the small quick cuts but once you attach the bag, the saw blows the chips into the bag (ok so far) BUT the pressure that builds up because the air doesnt escape out of the bag as fast as it is blown in causes the chips to blow back up through the saw blade opening right into your face (and all around you too).  i measured the dust i had to clean up vs the dust collected and it did seem to get about 50% of the sawdust (very rough/unscientific measurement) but at that point i had to go through the exact same amount of effort to clean up the dust that blew out of the machine.not worth it
The 4000K must rank way up there with the world's greatest sawdust dispersing tools.  My Dust Collector was tried and failed.  It is now gathering dust (pun intended).  It is a nice thing to look at and seems to fit OK, but you wouldn't want to depend on it.  I can't be certain with actual efficiency rating, but I'd be shocked if you could prove it captured even half the sawdust. Get a REAL dust extractor with enough vacuum to suck the paint off the tablesaw stand, and you will be sure to collect 90% of the saw's by-product. The other 10% will be up your nose unless you wear a paper mask. :-)  But real men eat sawdust, don't they?
It so happens that I purchased several accessories to the Bosch Table SawBosch 4100-09 10-Inch Worksite Table Saw with Gravity-Rise Standbefore I bought the saw itself. The reason for doing so -- yes, I admit it was rather warped logic, if even logic at all -- was that once I had all those accessories, I just would feel forced to buy the new saw. You can see the duality, right? Part of me wanted that saw BAD, and part of me did not want to spend the money.Anyway, once I purchased the saw (see my review elsewhere on Amazon.com), I installed the dust collector bag and started using it. Before too long it developed a tear that grew increasingly larger. Because this saw is advertised as being a contractor's tool, then it should be of a quality to support that. Not just the saw, but its accessories should be, too. A heavier gauge fabric or a different material altogether for this bag would have been appropriate. Sorry Bosch, I'm not impressed.
About 70 percent of the sawdust makes it into an empty bag with the amount becoming less as the bag fills.  When the bag is over 50% full, most of the saw dust goes in the air, on the floor, etc.  I have since stopped using the bag because my shop vac hose fits the sawdust port.
This item does work somewhat. not the greatest. A shop vac does a lot better. Still a lot of sawdust escapes around the saw. Without it though, it would throw a lot of chips around the shop because the blade is enclosed to funnel the sawdust out the port. A very last resort item. I hooked my saw up to a dust collection system, but used a shop vac in the mean time and it worked good if you like the noise. On the job site? A different story, just let it blow out on the ground.
Please pay attention to the one to three star ratings. This dust collection bag only captures 50% or less of the dust coming off the Bosch table saw. It's not really worth the money. The table saw just doesn't build up enough air pressure to force much of the dust into the bag.A much better, although more expensive, solution is a shop vacuum connected toThe Dust Deputy($89.99) and aniVac Automated Vacuum Switch($48.95) (both sold on Amazon).The Dust Deputycaptures about 99% of the stuff that normally goes into the vacuum which saves on filters or frequent messy emptying, and theiVac Automated Vacuum Switchlets you simply turn on the saw so that the vacuum turns on and off automatically. Great combination and a much cleaner work shop.
There is usually more saw dust on the floor under the saw than in the bag.  It could be the saw design but it the bag probably does not vent the air fast enough to let the saw dust enter the bag.  With the standard and dado throat plates, a lot of saw dust is thrown back up and out the top of the saw.  A zero clearance plate may help but I doubt it.  A lot of dust accumulates on the front of the saw too.  Will probably discontinue the use and get a second shop vac to pull the saw dust out of the saw.
I can run my table saw all day and not fill up this bag one-eighth of the way. So why does it hang all the way to the ground where it gets stepped on, tangled in cords, and possibly even wet if there was rain the night before? It should have been half the size and cheaper. The spring clamp used to hold it on to the saw work okay but the way it's designed makes it so that you actually have to work to put the thing on the saw well enough that it doesn't fall off. It should have been simpler to get that right - maybe a flaw of the saw as much as the bag clamp. Lastly, if you use the zipper to empty this bag then be prepared to get covered in dust. I think the size of the bag has something to do with this since the bag on my miter saw, which is much smaller, doesn't have this problem.
While a great concept, this dust collection bag proved of little worth to my dust collection efforts.  I found that hooking my shop vac up to the dust ejection port on the back of my Bosch table saw is infinitely better than this bag, which only collected about 50-60% of the sawdust
flimsy is the only way to describe this.  flexes way too much especially when making non-standard cuts like trimming tenons.  would have been nice if it attached to saw the way the stock insert does (spring clip)which would make blade changes much easier.  very disappointed.
Though it is good that this product is plastic because it allows you to create the sloted hole you need for your table saw or dado, the product does not have a locking clip and will not sit well or stay in your table saw track.  It does not have adjustible screws either to fine tune the height within your table saw slot.  Over all, I think this was a piece of crap.  You may consider just making your own out of spare hard wood or plywood.
This does not fit my Bosch 4000-09 very well at all. I have to use a piece of scrap or a rubber mallet to hammer it in to place, and it's very difficult if not impossible to level due to that. I'm rather disappointed in this insert. I will probably be making my own out of plywood going forward.
I ordered this replacement bulb on March 22, 2009 and today's date is July 27, 2009 and it burned out 2 days ago!  That's only 4 months and at $21.99 for a replacement bulb it should last allot longer than that!!  I, too, noticed that it's a close out item and that no returns will be honored.....therefore I think I'll go to my local Wal Mart and buy another brand bulb and if necessary spend a few dollars more and get another brand bug zapper....one that I can trust!! I bought the Flowtron one only 1 year ago....had to replace the bulb approximately 8 months later....what a waste of money!  I gave it two stars because while it did work...it did a good job. No better job than any other unit, however.
I purchased Dewalt because &#34;it's what contractors use&#34;.  I used this mandrel with a few hole saws to install a raised air intake on my truck, and the mandrel screw couldn't stand up to drilling through the British &#34;aluminium&#34; body of my Land Rover.  I ended up having to go out and buy another brand's mandrel and hole saw to complete the install.  The saw blades themselves held up admirably, and I may end up buying additional Dewalt mandrels just to continue using them.  If not for that, I wouldn't buy them again.
I'm fairly disappointed with this set. One of the bits bent after using it for less than 15 minutes and the protective sleeves on both magnetic drive guides pretty much broke off or ripped off due to use from rubbing against material.  I own a lot of Dewalt tools and accessories and this set let me down. It also seems like their blades have become questionable as well, now that all this stuff is made in China there is no quality control anymore.
This is not what I was expecting or hoping for.  There are not actually many different types/sizes of bits here.  There are just a few types, with many duplicates.  I guess for pros that are likely to break tips frequently?  But totally useless for moderate home use I need.  I guess i didn't read carefully enough.More importantly, I had wanted to a nice, compact, durable case for organizing and storing the bits.  This case may be durable but it is very hard to use.  Every bit storage case I've had before, you just pull the bits forward out of clips attached to the shell.  This one doesn't work that way...you have to remove the black rubber holder from the shell, and then remove the bit from the rubber holder.  The picture makes it LOOK like the bits can just be pulled forward our of the case, but they can't.  (Or, rather, they can, but you have to wrench them out, and they don't go back in.)Two stars instead of one because the bits themselves seem good quality, as I'd expect from DeWalt.  But I feel like I just paid almost $20 for 8 bits and a useless case...not a good deal.
Works perfectly but I saw it at a box store for about half the price.  Don't think Amazon always has the best prices!  I used it to rip some 10ft boards I used for a step that goes from my living room to my dining room.  It would have been unwieldly to cut on a table saw.
These DeWALT orbital sander pads are wonderful and do a great job when new, but if you do a lot of sanding work they might only last 6 months to a year and then the sandpaper doesn't adhere to the pads.  After talking with a professional and looking at the loops under a microscope, we are pretty certain that heat tends to break/melt the tiny hooks that hold the felt sandpaper.  Under a microscope on a bad pad, the little loops are gone and there is a little bump of plastic where the loop was.  If the manufacturer used a heat resistant loop material, the pads would last a lot longer.  Knowing this, your best bet is to lower the heat factor by using less pressure especially on wood edges and letting the pad cool more between uses.
These are the exact quality I have come to expect from dewalt / black and decker.  The metal cutting blades struggle to cut threaded rod.  Also if you do not want that dewalt yellow on your project do not buy these, the paint comes off.
The DeWalt 4930 wheel slings wires like crazy whereas the Milwaukee wheels only throw one or two as the wires wear down to the point where the wheel must be changed out for another.I use these wheels very aggressively for rust removal, removing thinset mortar from the backs of tiles that must be re-used, and a host of other applications.My best experience is with Milwaukee twisted cable wire wheels or knotted wire wheels.There is no more room in my shop for DeWalt products after having been let down one time too many by DW's underperforming tools.
This does NOT fit my Dewalt D28402K grinder; the output shaft is just slightly too short to for the nut that comes with the backing pad to grab onto.  .  Another reviewer made similar comment and suggested removing a piece from the grinder shaft.  That piece doesn't come off this grinder easily.  Luckily, it fit perfectly on a Central Machinery (Harbor Freight) grinder I had, but I had to remove the guard.I own several Dewalt tools, and I expected better from them
Not very useful.  the sizes I need are not adaptable.I have a output of 2&#34; dia. this connection does not fitthe output hose.
PLEASE post actual dimensions for these vacuum adapters if you buy one!!!Big end OD is 2.48" and ID is 2.28"Small end OD is 1.20" and ID is 1.03"It didn't fit into either side of the connection I was trying to make - attaching my Fein vacuum to a Bosch router table.The adapter is made of hard plastic (like other vacuum accessories) - there is no stretch or give to it.
I received this one last Christmas as a present from my daughter, even though I already owned a Porter-Cable DA250B finish nailer that my wife bought me, based upon my wishes, for my birthday.Even though the two nailers cost about the same on Amazon, I think the Porter-Cable DA250B is around $168.00, after using the Bostitch N62FNK Finish Nailer, off and on, for less than a month on cabinets and oak trim, I bought new packs of nails for my reliable Porter-Cable DA250B, and finished the job using that.The Bostitch nailer would constantly jam after about 15-18 nails, bending nails and leaving dents in the wood that had to be repaired later. It seemed that it had at least 1/4 less driving power than the Porter Cable, which meant that I had to use a hand nail set to seat the nails.Driving larger and longer nails into the cabinet framing was no problem with the Porter Cable, while the Bostitch mostly jammed while trying to do the same thing.Get the Porter Cable model. You'll save hours of time and frustration, and the nails are readily available at either Home Depot or Lowes.
History:I've been building all my life and have extensive familiarity with all the tools of the trade.Review:I returned this gun before I ever used it.  I only want to teach people about nail angles.  I usually love Bostitch.  I have their crown stapler with the quick change trigger and their F21PL framing nailer (see my review.)  They are both awesome.  This gun however, uses 28 degree nails, which are only used in Bostitch guns.  Therefore, you have to buy more expensive, Bostitch-only nails, which you can't get at every store.  Very disappointing.  Bostitch finally started building other guns with the common nail angles, but you have to carefully make sure when you buy.  They're just behind the times with this one.If you buy a finish nailer, get one with a 30-33 degree angle.  They can be bought everywhere, and usually compatible between manufacturing brands.  I recommend the Hitachi NT65MA4 finish nailer (see my review).
I tried to get these on my MT-22 ladder, but I couldn't get them to fit. I tried soapy water, but still managed to get it only about half way on. If I continued to work on it maybe I could have gotten them to slip all the way on, but I gave up. I ended up wrapping the end of the ladder with a shop towel and duct-taping it into place.I saw that another reviewer here said he cut slits up the side to help them fit better.I'm sure if I had gotten them on they would have worked well, and they definitely seem durable.
Will not fit my Werner ladder. Delievery took almost a month......by the time it arrived I was finished with the painting job.  Does not fit !
Gilmour is the industry standard in hose couplings. These are brand X and are off by about a millimeter so they aren't compatible.
The soft plastic &#34;hex nut&#34; for tightening the female end came off pretty much instantly when I put a wrench to it.  One of the two places I wanted to install it wouldn't allow clearance to tighten it all the way,  The threaded part needs to extend farther away from the tightening nut. It drips constantly when pressure is on.  I'll try a different brand.
I'm now purchasing a solid brass USA version here at amazon to replace one of these from the local big box that no longer sells the all brass. The one I bought last year is way too light to be solid brass. More like plated aluminum. The female side now doesn't lock on without having to pull on it. Seems the metal is galling a bit and has a lot of friction compared to solid brass. It's Dramm brand solid brass from here on out. I use this for a garden whole house filter to quick release so I can go from filtered to non filtered to hose off decks and such.
It clamps snug to a bench, and does not move, however the working clamp is not impressing me so far.  I've tried clamping several things, from copper pipes clamped lightly to solid steel tool bits clamped with maximum force, and no matter how lightly or tightly I clamp things down, the working piece seems to move around in the direction of the openings.  The whole thing is painted a glossy orange, including the clamp jaws, so maybe I need to sand that down.  It's like the jaws need to be knurled or something to give it grip.  Perhaps the intent of this small vise is to use it for delicate items, and the smooth surface helps things from being damaged, but so far I'm using this for tools and other heavy duty things, so I would appreciate some better gripping power.I may edit my review if I decide to sand the jaw faces and they start to grip better, but right now I'm not terribly impressed.
Unlike the previous reviewer I felt that these delivered very little clamping pressure.  I own several of the larger Irwin clamps and compared to them this is one very disappointing clamp.  I'll keep the two I've got for special situations where a little clamping will do, but certainly will not buy any more.
ok if you are me and look at the picture you would assume the pliers in the picture is what shows up in the box...WRONG! they don't come with the clamp piece to clamp electrical splicing joints.
I don't like them they can't cut greenfield good after snapping it like other dikes I had before in the past also the have a bigger tip making it harder to get into tight spots to make cuts. I would not recommend this product to others. But I will say channel lock dose make good pump pliers that's for sure.
I've tried Greenlee, Southwire, GB and Channellock (I own more than one model) and have to say these are good but just to small for my hand.  I am really fond of the screw cutter option which these don't have.  So needless to say I am not impressed with Channellock wire strippers.
The model I got doesn't light up, nor is it the one pictured. It's green, yes, but the button is also green, and there are no lights. It still works, so I want to give it a higher rating, but really...false advertising isn't cool either.
The outer package says rated for 13A, 125V 500watts incandescent lamp load.BUT then I opened it and inside found "CAUTION - Risk of fire. Not for permanent installation. Use only with a total of 5 Amps maximum Christmas tree or other seasonal lighting products. Do not install or use this product for more than a 90 day period per year."That makes it useless for my intended use. And makes me not trust it!I'm sorry I bought it.
I live next to a salt water bay, so a very tough environment.  These locks are decent, but couldn't take the salt spray.  The shackles have rusted on the lock by the bay, but are OK so far on the lock outside but sheltered from the bay.
We bought 3 of these locks foroutside gates 5 years ago. One is still working, one failed to lock after a year. The other failed to unlock after 3 years.
The problem I have with this is not the lock itself but how you change the combo.  I had one I was changing the combo on and I apparently let the key slip during the change when I tried the lock the combo I thought I had set did not work and there is no recovering from that.  I have been using the Sesame lock which came out before this.  It's damn near impossible for that to happen on that lock as you stick a pin in a hole not a key in a keyhole held in place by friction.  The key can shift and mess up the process not so with the original.  SO I have bought my last Master Lock knock off of the one that works.  OH for the critic out there I did not buy them on Amazon but from Lowes.
Every thing about this Bosch half sheet sander is nice. From the feel to the finish this sander seemed destined to become a great sander! But after 15- 20 minutes of sanding it seems to lose power. Not good in the middle of a project. Wait a day and it runs fine for 15-20 minutes then back to its energy conserving mode. This machine was made to make dust not sit there and collect dust. It only has less than an hour or so run time since new and I am out warranty. I just purchased the Makita 1/2 sheet sander rather than invest any money in this Bosch.
I guess I am the odd person here. But I found this tool to be the least favorite of my large collection of Bosch tools (as a remodeling carpenter). I suppose like the floor installers if I'd just got the tool for cutting jambs for flooring I might be pleased but even then I am not happy with the quality of the blades. Fire-tipped blades just aren't as good as either carbide or just a good hand saw (such as a Japanese pull saw). For jamb cutting I prefer my Fein multitool with wood/metal universal blade. Admittedly a very expensive tool and even the little blades are more expensive than the Bosch...but I can resharpen them and guide the cut much easier than with the Bosch.The clip-on feature for the replacable saw blades makes the saw wobbly and unable to cut a straight line unless across a very small molding. Even then, if it was a really hard wood, the fire/hardened blade grabbed and cut unevenly. A simple miter box and back saw would have been better..(but who even has one of those?) I have the kit with a nifty clamp on miter (box) for the tool and it's an easy set up. (that's maybe worth 3 stars) but I'd stick to two ....for the disappointment and expense.I finally found a job for the tool...cutting lots of screen molding, the long cord as mentioned is a goody, but I found I could use a small chop saw with a fine plywood blade... and even with a carbide blade too.....to be faster and cleaner.
I was very disappointed to see the blade bcome dull after a relatively light use.  Disappointed?  Yes,
I was surprised to find that, unlike other buffers, the pad oscillates but is not really attached to the motor shaft, so any heavy polishing causes the pad to stop spinning.  The motor does not sound good when it runs, it has a cheap Chinese product sound.  It starts with a jolt spraying the compound everywhere.  Speed control at it's lowest setting is still much to fast.  Crummy pad supplied cannot be removed from the backing pad.OK for light polishing but the polishers with slow-start and slower speeds are a better choice.
We've had this clock for a couple of years.  The buttons stick out in the front, and a light accidental bump and your clock will change time zones or modes, and you won't wake up in the morning.  I would not depend on this clock to wake you up.  Also, the projector is on the fritz and needs to be bumped to come on, if it does at all.
I owned this clock for several years, despite not really liking it.  The projector worked fine, but wasn't adjustable at all.  But the worst problem with it is setting the alarm... there's just nothing intuitive about it.  There are no dedicated hour/minute buttons -- and the buttons that are there are poorly labeled.  So you'd better keep the instructions handy.The projector on mine finally died, so I bought the Philips AJ3600 and am so much happier with it.  The buttons are infinitely more intuitive, and the projector is adjustable.  The Philips also has a 2nd alarm and a radio.
I don't understand why anyone raves about this.  It's extremely heavy, not very bright, has a large central black spot, casts very uneven light, lights up only a small area.  Yes, it focuses and can shine a spot a fair distance, but it won't help you walk in the dark or search an entire room quickly.  Buy The AMAZING 95 LED Aluminum Flashlight instead!!!
maglites need to switch these s***ty bulbs to LED's i have a Streamlight 66122 Stylus Pro Penlight that no exaggeration is twice as bright and probably a fourth the size which is ridiculous this thing takes two d batteries and the output of light is a complete joke compared to my penlight that takes two aaa batteries ill never buy another flashlight without led's again they last longer are brighter dont drain batterys as fast and dont get hot like  these bulbs do get it together maglite and switch to led's because eventually people will stop being blinded by a popular brand name and realize your bulbs suck and will move on.
No longer an "Arrow" product and no longer in production after a brief run as "Power Shot Pro". Will only accept 9/16" X 14MM 'brad nails'. Will drive one brad every 2 or 3 times, then brad nails jam up  sideways. The only staples it will accept are very narrow puny, light duty 1/4" to 9/16" (long)staples..This has to be one of the 10 worst tools in my 60+ years of using various tools. I'd sell it for $2.00 if I could. Have had it too long to return, just started trying to use it. I now have 4 staplers requiring 3 types of staples, two of which (available staples) are discontinued..Sadly, this stapler is a domestic (made in USA) product that could only be improved by production in China.....and then only MAYBE. Save your money, folks!
After one tightening of a collar, the Allen wrench included was stripped and the screw was stripped.  Really?  That's the best they can do?
I like this product, the only thing bad is the rings doesnot hold the bits, may be the screw are not strong enough to hold the bit tightly
I'll give it 2 stars because the material is solid, however even at 620RPM while cutting through plywood the blades heats the wood and it smokes.  The tool itself feels as if it could fly off at any moment.  The distance markings are way off too.  I'm returning this tool.  Perhaps all such circle cutters are similar.
This tool is not balanced. I don't know who designed it. It should be identical two cutting tools on the both sides. It's so dangerous when I operate it. Don't buy.
Mine stopped working after a short while. Then I bought a Starrett. MUCH better. But, the general has a pocket clip, which is nice.And a warning: if you open an automatic punch to see why it's not working, WEAR EYE PROTECTION. The spring narrowly missed my eye.
This light duty center punch is a little bit TO light duty:  the hardened tip broke off inside the unit and dropped out onto the floor after only about thirty punches (into plastic).  Not a very long service life...
This rule is nowhere near the quality of the Starrett rule I recently purchased from Amazon. The only reason I bought it was to obtain a rule with the sliding Tee, not made by Starrett, so I could easily compare similar measurements. The slide does not fit well and as a result, I can not obtain reliable comparisons. The Tee slides or wiggles around, not remaining square to the rule. It's a poor product and not worth the time or effort to return it to Amazon.
Guess I should have know but the hole diameter is maybe 1/4 inch. It didn't say anywhere in the description about the hole diameter. If I had know this I would never have bought it. I wanted 3/4 inch minimum for the hole.It only does a VERY light magnetization. Again a disappointment to me. I just use the halves to hold up some paper stuff on my toolboxes.
Instructions state that product can be used to magnetize wrenches.  Hole through which item passes for magnetizing is just about the size of a pencil.  This product doesn't have many uses.  I tried to magnetize some screwdrivers and the result was pretty poor.  None of the screwdrivers had enough magnetization to change the nature in a real positive way.
The roll is WAY too large for anything other than long pattern Snap-on wrenches or similar.  I have no idea what they were thinking when they designed this monstrosity as the designer surely did not experiment with actually putting standard wrenches in it.  The pockets are just too deep to be of any use. It is really close to worthless because it just takes up too much space and the wrenches get lost in the overly large pockets.  Also, it is not cotton duck and it is made in China.  I found other rolls by Tool Pak and they are 100 percent better.
The base of the drill stand too small. When the power drill is fix to the drill stand, the two pole too near.
It is not steady for any work. I returned it the next day where I bought it from. You need to have a drill with 1/2&quot; chuck but you can use only the drill bit upto 3/8&quot;. If you have a drill driver that accepts upto 3/8&quot; bit you need to buy an adapter. If you want to use 1/2&quot; drill bit you need to buy optional adapter again. This is ridiculous. The base is not steady enough for most work. It isn't built that bad. It looks nice but what is the use?
Can't argue with the quality construction, but not very practical once you load it with tools.  A slightly smaller profile that was meant to hold half as many tools would be handier.  And offering in two colors would allow you to grab the roll you needed.  And frankly I'm not fond of the buckles either.  For tool rolls as with tools -- simpler is better.  I wish I hadn't bought it.
I love how this is saving my hand a LOT of pain, but it slips & slides on the handle.
I bought this and the BucketBoss Extreme Gear 01064 Fatback Bucket Organizer. The bucket is fine, but it doesn't fit the organizer! How strange, since this is a "Bucket Boss" brand bucket.Richard McGrath[...]
The machine was very well packed and easy to assemble right out of the box.  It lacks a spindle lock.  The chuck was a little out of round.  When you chuck a bit and turn it on, the bit runs fairly true with the quill fully retracted, but when extended about half way or more it begins to wobble.  When fully extended I measured a full 1/16" of wobble in all directions.  You can turn it off and extend the quill and move it that same amount by hand.  The spindle and quill must have some pretty sloppy tolerances.  I will be returning this press.
I wouldn't buy this set again, but for $10 it is great if you are missing a few of sockets or need a cheap ratchet or need an extension piece. The quality really isn't anything good but they get the job done for small around the house projects.Pros-Low price-Handy caseCons-Not the best quality
This would only be suitable for keeping in your junk drawer for the smallest repairs.  Poor chrome/poor design/crappy case...it's what you would expect from a cheap Chinese made product.  Spend the extra money and get a better brand of tool.
I initially bought this saw because it's advertised as being able to cut dowels or plugs flush with a surrounding surface.  I tried this a few times, and was fairly disappointed - it cut easily enough, but scratched the surrounding surface badly!  After more research, I learned that a true flush-cut saw does not have any "set" on the teeth (i.e. the teeth aren't bent out from the saw plate.  Some set is important to prevent the saw plate from binding in deeper cuts, but it means that the teeth will scratch the surrounding surface if it's used as a flush cut saw).I eventually bought a true flush cut saw from a popular Canadian woodworking/gardening retailer, and was amazed at how much difference that made.  The teeth are truly flush with the saw plate, which means they won't scratch your workpiece when you flush cut a dowel or plug.Not so on this Shark saw - the teeth do have set and will scratch your workpiece if used for flush cutting.  Some significant time spent with a sharpening stone could theoretically remove this set, but the impulse-hardened teeth would make this more difficult, and it would be hard (for me at least) to justify that time and trouble when ready-to-use flush cut saws are available for only a few dollars more.Second, this saw is advertised as "Ideal for dovetails..."  While it may be strictly FUNCTIONAL for dovetails, it's far from ideal.  The vast majority of saw cuts made when creating a dovetail are effectively rip cuts, which means you're cutting along or parallel to the grain of the wood.  This type of cut is fastest and most efficient when done using a saw with rip style teeth.  This Shark saw has teeth shaped for CROSSCUTS (perpendicular to the wood grain), so it's optimized for slicing through wood fibers in this orientation.  It will still make rip cuts, but these cuts will be slower and potentially harder to control than they would be with a rip-specific saw.  In other words, you could use this saw for an occasional dovetail, but again, it's definitely not "ideal".The third descriptor in Amazon's title is "detail" saw.  Finally an accurate description of an appropriate use for this saw!  It does a fine job with small crosscuts and general trimming tasks, and leaves a fairly smooth surface.  Nicer saws are available for these general small crosscutting tasks, but this is about as good as it gets for the price.In summary: If this had been called a "Detail/fine crosscut saw", I would have given it a much higher rating.  However, it's NOT a flush cutting or dovetail saw, and shouldn't be advertised as such.  If you're looking for good saws for these specific tasks, look elsewhere.
.... I'd make my own.  The adjustments on this are just too clumsy.
If your stock pad has a 1 1/4&#34; hole in the back this ISN'T the pad for you. Keep looking, this has a solid metal back.
Had to return this unit as it did not provide sufficient surface contact with the jobs I was trying to complete.
It's great when it runs.  Not so great when you're in the middle of a project and it won't turn on. I am on my 3rd SWITCH.  Very frustrating.  Add the cost of 2 extra switches, time to replace and order and shipping, and down time and this is one expensive tool!The plunging base is also flimsy plastic handled and is not nearly as stout as the main tool.  Buy a heavy duty Porter Cable.
I use many routers.  This is the worst of its price range.  Sometimes it actually runs at top speed, but most of the time the variable speed knob cannot decide.  Mega electrical tape all around the knob helps.  Sometimes it runs smooth, but most of the time it runs rough.  Sometimes it is easy to height adjust, but most of the time the tool does not slide in its holder properly.  Consider purchasingPorter-Cable 892 2-1/4-Horsepower Router.  It is much better all around and remains in a good mood.
In order to get to any of the tools, you have to extend the pliers.  Yes, extend.  The pliers do not fold over, the way most pocket knives/pliers do.  Instead, you flip the unit and the pliers extend.  Then you can open the arms of the pliers and then pull open one of the tools. Also, when fully recessed, the tip of the pliers still stick out about 1/2 inch.  Awkward in one's pocket.
To delicate and not what I needed. I don't have a saw that would cut accurately enough to justify this type of measuring device.
It may be fine for marking off where tight tolerances are not important, but If you want to use this to mark perpendicular or squaring to an edge, you will be disappointed.  I marked a 90 degree line with this on my work piece and then marked another line with my Starrett square.  The lines were off by 1/16th inch over 12 inches.
But, it is the one that my builder installed.That one died.You don't replace the shell without ripping into the ceiling. This makes your only choice to replace the guts.The price and convenience of Amazon is great.
This is the $10 bathroom fan that housing builders will pass off as acceptable for venting each bathroom in your home.  This unit only works in a very small bathroom at best and that is if you are a "short" duration shower-er.  The noise is pretty high considering the low 50 cfm rating...although I bet it has much to do with the small 3" venting duct.  Heck at least you might not forget it running since you can hear it over the TV.
When my house was built, I never even considered selecting ceiling fans.  I allowed the contractor to install whatever was included in the home package.  If I could go back in time, I would make sure this model was never even an option.  It is too loud and takes too much time to clear the moisture in a small bathroom after a shower.  It works and I have never had any mold issues but I have to run it about 45 minutes just to clear the condensation off the mirrors.  Another half hour so that the room is not "muggy".I thought I would at least warn other potential buyers.  I can think of better things to do than spend several hours navigating an attic filled with blown in insulation, searching for the fan, removing it, cutting a larger drywall opening, mounting and rewiring the replacement, routing the duct, and then cleaning up all the insulation that I tracked into the house. It is the task that I have to endure as punishment for not thinking ahead. If you are already planning on having to do that much work, get a better unit so you will have something to show for all your effort.I can understand wanting to find a replacement that is the same size as your existing model but if you are going to replace your fan, do it right the first time.  If it is a new installation, then don't even waste your time with this model.  Even if it was rated at twice the CFM, you wouldn't experience that kind of airflow for long because the openings on the grille are very small and plug up with lint fairly quickly.Just to give you some perspective, a single PC case fan in many computers moves more air than this model and doesn't make a racket in the process.  Several are typically used to move air through a space normally less than 4 cubic feet.  The CFM on this ceiling fan is lower and yet it is responsible for clearing the moisture out of a room that is ~200 cubic feet or larger.  This unit would be more suitable for a Honey Bucket.I am typically a sucker for products that are low priced.  Who doesn't love a great deal?  The price on this model is really low and if you want to look at cost/years of service, then this certainly is an excellent value.  If you use the fan daily and care about performance, then don't cut corners.  Your ears and bathroom walls will be much better off.(I just read some other reviews after mine was posted.  Purchasing this item to use for replacement parts is a brilliant idea if you desire a quick repair of an existing unit.  After about 10 years of enduring substandard performance, I look forward to retiring this model permanently.)
Bought these for my newMilwaukee 2625-21CT M18 18-Volt Hackzall Cordless One-Handed Reciprocating Saw Kit.  The spec DOES say for metal, and once I got the package it read not for metal.  You need a diamond saw blade for cutting metal.Luckly the kit did include ONE bi-metal saw blade; and I was able to do the work I had bought it for.
This is an amber colored light with very little difference from the standard bulbs that once were used all the time.  Can't believe Maglite went through the trouble to get Germans to make this over designed inexpensive setup.  The same old simple bulb is available in a LED version even though more expensive.  The LED version is a clean, bright white light that is great a substitute and superior to the vacuum filament style incandescent  of old. There must be a reason Maglite is NOT making LED replacement bulbs for their once loyal customers.
This replacement lamp is just ok and not a very good replacement. Bulb which comes with the flashlight is a better option. Go for Led bulb, it is more bright and gives a long life.
I tried this on two expensive (new) sanders with the same result. The backing for it wont stick on the sides nearly as long as other brands. For the price though, it almost makes it worth a good buy but be weary of this.Note: For disks that last longer with velcro, they also cost a lot more even on here which doesn't make it a good financial choice.
Our builder installed one of these in our new home 11 years ago.  The unit failed after 3-4 years.  I replaced it with the same model, for the simple reason that it made installation very easy (I knew that the supply line would be the right length and the sink hole would be the right diameter).  The replacement also failed after 3-4 years.  This time, I resolved to replace the unit with a better model.  Unfortunately, the only model the hardware store had in stock was the HOT-1, so I broke down and installed another one.  That unit has also now failed.  Each unit showed the same symptoms -- the unit would start sputtering for a couple of months, then it would start leaking a little, then it would start flooding the cabinet under the sink.  For each of the failed units, the seams all around the tank showed mineral buildups, indicating multiple leaks.  In a nutshell, the HOT-1 is very simple to install, does its job for about three years, and is easy to replace.  If you don't mind replacing it frequently, it can be an efficient solution, at an average cost of only about $40/year.  If you want a durable hot water dispenser, definitely install a more expensive (and presumably more durable) model, which is what I plan to do this time.  The HOT-1 is a cheap, disposable appliance with (at best) a three-year life expectancy.UPDATE 27 March 2010:Sure enough, right on schedule, the HOT-1 that I installed in January 2008 has started to leak.  Based on past experience, the leak will become a flood over the next couple of months.  That's it.  I don't care how easy this unit is to install.  It's crazy to have to replace the HOT-1 every three years.  Time for a serious upgrade.
I'm sure I just don't know how to use these or I'm missing something vital to it holding up. I tightened the screw on a couple of them and they crumbled. When I figured out how to keep that from happening they flew appart when I started to cut a pieice of thin steel. My dremal multi saw does the trick. I bought some other thicker blades and they did okay.
The people reviewing these wheels with 5 stars must be taking great care of them as one only lasts me about 20 minutes.  Admittedly, mine is field use and there's a high likelihood the die grinder will get knocked around, in which case the wheel will break quicker than you can blink.  Compared to a 5" cutoff wheel in an angle grinder, this product is junk.  Lasting 20 minutes instead of 2 is an improvement, but not by much.
I HAD TO SEND THESE BACK FOR CREDIT A THEY WERE NOT FOR THE MACHINE I THOUGHT THEY WERE SO I GOT CREDIT FOR THESE
I got this to use as a GP bit, as it is sold, and have tried it on wood and plastic. In both instances it did not cut very well when trying to move through the materials, vibrated excessively, and jumped around quite a bit. I would not buy another until I figured out if this one was broke or I was using it improperly, and it could be operator error as of now. I would say to buy with caution, don't have to high of expectations. Also, for the price its almost not worth it to send it back to Amazon. Would not buy as gift.
I used this bit in my basement remodel to cut a hole in my air ducts to add more lines. The bit broke after cutting two holes.
I needed to trim a broken floor tile with a curved cut on it.  Upon receiving this item for my dremel, it pretty clearly said (NOT FOR FLOOR TILES). Awesome. Wish I knew that before I ordered it. I used it anyhow on the ceramic floor tile; Not surprisingly, It didn't cut.
I was looking for a easy way to enlarge strike plates on existing doors that I am installing new hardware on.  Some of the doors have settled and the knobs don't latch properly.  I have to enlarge the holes to receive the knob throw.  This was suppose to be the ticket. It isn't. Don't waste your time buying it.  I have had some good luck with a metal &#34;burr&#34; in a drill.
Whatever these are, they are NOT Dremel 9901s. They mic out at 3/32" at the cutting head, whereas 9901s are 1/8" from shaft to head. Additionally, 1 of the 3 I ordered has burn marks on the metal, indicating it may have lost its temper. Finally, they do not arrive in Dremel packaging. They come in a plastic baggie with a sticky label on it.If you are surface scrolling, these might work fine for you. If you are slotting, you will NOT achieve the size slot you need with these!
After 6 hours of work and 20 sheets of wet/dry sandpaper  I am still trying to get the sole flat n smooth.  The initial grindingis so rough u could use it as a rasp.  It may be a fine tool  (I havent used it yet) but it takes a lot of hand lapping to get it ready
I've been using the EdgeCraft 480Chef's Choice EdgeCraft Diamond Hone Manual Pocket Knife Sharpener - 480 480for a number of years. I decided to give the AccuSharp a try after seeing the review on Cook's Country.The AccuSharp is more aggressive for restoring a dull blade. But if you stay on top of your knives, the EdgeCraft will maintain a sharper edge. Just a couple of quick and light swipes is all that's needed to start slicing tomatoes.The AccuSharp seems to tear the steel as it removes metal. That leaves micro serrations which tear as they slice, similar to a saw. The AccuSharp is useful for serrated blades.Both products are made in the USA.Having said all that. Using a stone, I get a knife sharp enough to shave with. Neither of these products can do that. If you're really serious about sharp knives, learn to use a stone. It's not that difficult, nor does it take that long if you maintain your knives properly. I highly recommend this bookThe Razor Edge Book of Sharpening.The Chef's Choice EdgeCraft 480 is great for touch ups between sharpenings when a steel won't do the job.
I ordered this item at the same time that I ordered a J.A. Henckels 8 Piece Stylus Block Set. When I first received this sharpener, It worked well at keeping the knives very sharp. After using it for around four months, honing the knife blades about once a month, I needed to open it up and reverse the carbide inserts because it had stopped sharpening the knives.Within another four months the sharpener was completely useless. It wouldn't work any longer. So the carbide inserts do need replacement after 30 to 40 times of use, and the carbide inserts that need be replaced are at a cost almost equal to what I had paid for the entire unit the year before.The "5 to 10 years of use between blade changes" on the product page is a complete exaggeration. I, just two weeks ago, paid over $7.00 to Amazon (best price on the web) for a new set of replaceable blades, after 8 months of light use.
The Accusharp works by having fixed tungsten carbide blades you draw the knife through.  They essentially rip away a layer of metal at a fixed angle.  After a few strokes you can visibly see removed metal.  The amount of metal removed is a long term concern with repeated use,  unless you like to replace your knives on a regular basis.  Edge sharpness tests show good fist level sharpness (ie will bit into your thumbnail) but poor second level sharpness (ie will not shave arm hair).  Closer examination under a microscope shows jagged metal fragments on the edge of the blade and jagged pitting on the edge.  This type of pattern essentially turns your blade into a serrated blade where the serrations will quickly break off leading to need for re-sharpening.  Sharpening in this fashion will result in greatly reduced edge retention.This product will essentially take a blade that is so dull it has no edge and quickly remove a lot of material producing a very rough edge.  It is small and easy to use.  Because of its ease of use and ability to put a edge on a knife quickly it has gotten rave reviews.I'd like to compare the result to theTri-Angle SharpmakerThe Sypderco triangle sharpener is less convenient to use, you have to spend about 30 seconds to set it up.  It also takes longer to use (it will take probably 3 or 4 dozen strokes to restore an edge).  It's also more expensive.  However, the results are so much better I have to recommend it as the preferable sharpening system.  For one thing it removes far less metal so you knives will last much longer.  After following the instructions a good blade is noticeably sharper (good send level sharpness, ie will shave arm hair).  Even better though is when you stick the blade under a microscope and see a smooth edge with no pitting or jagged metal fragments hanging off.  This is the type of edge that holds up much better in use.  Sharper knives, longer lifetime of your knife, and better edge retention.  It's worth the extra time.Still, I'm not throwing away my Accusharp.  The triangle sharpmaker is the better sharpener but it takes time if you are putting an edge on a knife that didn't have one instead of restoring an existing edge to full sharpness.  So for a knife that hasn't been properly sharpened before I start with the accusharp to save time because I'm lazy and then switch over to the triangle sharpmaker because even though I'm lazy I care about the result.
I was a professional chef for years, I still do all the cooking at home, and now I am an amature woodworker as well.  This gives me both a lot of experience sharpening knives and other various sharp edged tools, as well as a pretty good idea about what sharp is.What this tool leaves behind is not close to sharp.  It does cut and leave a nice angle on the edge of whatever it is you are trying to sharpen which could be sharpened if you were able to maintain that angle or want add a second bevel to it.  I don't mean true it with a steel; I mean sharpen it.  This tool does not.I was looking/hoping for a convenient way to quickly re-sharpen a knife or tool in the field.  If there is one, this is not it.  What it leaves behind would be suitable for an axe, hatchet, or machete, but not much else.I do most of my sharpening by hand, but if you lack the experience, skills or proper stones to do this, there is only one powered device I would ever let near my kitchen cutlery.  If you want really sharp knives, spend the $100+ for a Chef's Choice 120Chef's Choice 120 Diamond Hone 3-Stage Professional Knife Sharpener, Whiteor 320Chef's Choice 320 Diamond Hone Knife Sharpener, Whitesharpener and follow the instructions to the letter _OR_ bring your knives to a professional to have them sharpened.
This alarm was easy to install and pretty easy to use. Let me just show you the pros and cons to show you how I feel about this little plastic disk.Pros:*It works as a smoke/carbon monoxide alarm (I feel safe that if there was a real fire, this thing would tell me)*It was really easy to install on my ceilingCons:*It is WAY too sensitive. It goes off all the time when I cook or roast something especially. And it will keep detecting the 'smoke' for hours after it has aired out.*I still have NO idea how to 'mute' it when it goes off when I cook. There is only one button so there is not a whole lot I can do.In Conclusion:This is not a good alarm for safety. Do not get it. The only way I can 'mute' it when I cook is to take it off the ceiling and take out the batteries whenever it goes off. Since it takes a few hours to stop detecting any hint of smoke and going off, I usually leave it off for the day or through the night. If I forget and have it off longer or if there was an unlucky fire, this alarm wouldn't do anything because it is sitting on my table with its batteries out. If I had to make the purchase again, I would not at all get this alarm.
What I like is how the alarm twists on and off the ceiling mount. Problem is that ours eats batteries. Using quality AA Energizer batteries, our KN-COSM-B, only lasts 2 months before the dreaded dead battery beep. I'm going to switch back to a 9volt battery fire alarm and then get a plug-in CO alarm so I'm not spending the time and money on batteries so frequently.
Bought three for $24.88. Then came back for a couple more and Amazon raised the price on me by +9% for second purchase!  I dont like Amazon tracking me so much and then hammering me on price when I return for purchase.
Made in China kinda says it all. Would you risk the safety of your family on a product made in China? I certainly would not. Products made in China have much shorter lives than the same product made here, by far.How do you know if it is really working? How can you really trust it?How many Chinese products have you purchased that failed miserably?
I think the build and design of this knife (and the Gerbers in general) are well thought out.  I'm not so sure about the material used in the blade.  This is supposedly 440AHC (with the HC for high carbon) which should be both weather resistant (which it is) and cutlery sharp-enable (which it doesn't seem to be).  The blade can be sharpened up to a certain point and no further.  That said, it seems to hold that sharpness forever, no matter how you use it. I suppose it is a matter of expectations.
I have used this for four years.  I wish I had better news:Pathetic design. As you can see from the picture, the aligner has a nice large thumb-screw for tightening the clamp on the knife blade.BUT, the thumbscrew gets in the way of the rod for small sharpening angles. This causes the stones to drag across the aligner and not touch the knife blade. I really like the material that the aligner is made from, it won't scratch blades.Recently, I replaced the DMT aligner which came with my set with the GATCO aligner (about 12 dollars at Amazon) , and I couldn't be happier. DMT makes the best stones that I have used; but this item is poorly engineered in my opinion.ALSO, in the picture, you can see a brass screw at the fulcrum, which screws into a brass nut on the other side. The nut on the other side pulls out and must be epoxied back into the black polymer holder.One last point is that the aligner is designed to be used with a rod system OR on a bench-stone. GREAT idea, but poor results.It's only fair to mention that I own SEVERAL DMT products and will continue to purchase them. This is the only DMT product I own that I would not rate as excellent. The DMT company is a class-act.
I own 3 large DMT diamond stones but my own estimate of sharpening angle is not steady enough to achieve the best sharpness.I bought this aligner blade guide to help achieve a razor sharp finish on my knives.All I can say at this stage is What?In order to get the calculate angle, the stone would have to be at the same level as the support on which the aligner rests. However, my stones are at least 1 inch high so I end up with a very small area and room to sharpen my knives.The other thing I am not comfortable with is that the plastic leaves some marks on my sharpening stones.In conclusion, either I am an idiot (which is still possible) or this aligner is not defined for my stones and it is a shame because I saw nowhere about this restriction.For the moment, I am not satisfied.
These are of variable quality. Apparently, they are not tested after they are "assembled in USA" of parts from "guess where". I suggest you buy two if you need one, and test them both. Chances are one will be good and you can return the other one later (at your convenience). If you buy just one, and it doesn't work, you are forced to make trip right away. They can easily be tested with a cut-off AC cord and a light bulb or an AC test probe.This is much easier than installing it and driving yourself crazy trying to figure out why it won't work. You cannot test these with a meter or a continuity light like a three-way switch, as the triac/diac circuit inside requires AC power to test it.
This switch does not work well with LED lights.  There is nothing in the product description that states this switch is only for incandescent lights and you find out when you read the warning on the product.  I installed it anyway to see what would happen and it did dim the LEDs for a day or two then it failed and would not turn on the light at all.  I removed it and ordered a switch specifically for LEDs.  I would have given one star for the poor product description, but I can use the switch someplace else so not total loss.
It works as described except the slide dimmer is a problem.  Being located along side the on/off switch, it almost always gets moved along with the on/off switch.  So, when you turn-off the light there is a tendency for the sliding dimmer to be moved to a very low dim.  When you switch the light back on you almost always have to readjust the dimmer to provide full power.  The slide dimmer does not react the way you might expect.  The upper last quarter of the slide controls most of the lighting scale and the lower three quarters of the slide has very little adjustment in it.  For this reason, a slight touch while turning off the main switch will reduce the dimmer almost to zero.  It is very annoying.
I had high hopes for this item after reading some of the reviews.  My parents have a hard time hearing the doorbell when they are in their room because the doorbell is on the other side of the house.  I thought this would do the trick.  The chime was very simple to wire into the doorbell and has a very good range.  Where it falls short is on the sound.  It is not loud enough at all.  I switched it between low, medium and high and they were all very similar in loudness.  I was hoping the loud setting would be well...loud.
This thing is huge (like 2 inches wide)  so in order to shrink it to fit the 14 gauge as the directions say you can, you must shrink it to one tenth it's original size.  I tried but failed to get it to make a tight fit.  The directions do not specify exactly how to heat the tube either (all at once or in stages or in a panning motion or in one area then another).  I would not recommend this for any gauge below 12 and even then it would be difficult to get it right as the insulated section of the wire would have to be huge (maybe 4 conductor).  It seems to not like you to heat it more than once as it stops shrinking on subsequent attempts.
Not what IR was in the past. As other have pointed out the retainer spring breaks fast. No big deal this is expected with any retainer spring.The issueI have is the barrel coming loss all the time. The barrel band is warped.Keep in mind I have this thing a hand full if that times in the 3 years I've had it. IR is making some real junk lately. I've had some real issues with there other Pneumatic tools as well. It never was like this in the past!!! What's changed??
Disappointed with these. Not enough structural support to really keep things locked properly in place, and they don't fit on my 4&#34; or 6&#34; vice correctly. Magnets aren't strong enough to hold it down during really high-pressure operation. Non-marring, but leaves yellow paint marks on the metal finish. Would not recommend.
very sensitive to any inline voltage noise or perhaps static electrical noise to where you might come home and find your lamp mysteriously on when you wish it not to be.
This jointer is well-thought-out.  But... when it came time to manufacture the unit, Delta obviously forgot the Quality Control part of the equation.  My unit has a twisted fence that's also cupped from top to bottom.  I'd recommend not ordering this machine unless you can actually see the one you're going to receive and spend some time on the fence with a good straight-edge.I went through 4 separate fences and kept the &quot;straightest of the lot.&quot;  It's still not straight, and I finally got tired of dealing with Delta on this matter.Having said that, the rest of the machine is great.  The tables are flat and coplanar, and the motor, stand, and switch are all great.  The overall finish of the unit is good.Having the fence ground flat at a machine shop makes this a worthwhile option in the jointer market... but c'mon... how hard can it be to get 'em right to start with?  Apparently very hard, 'cause Delta's sure let a lot of warped fences hit the streets.Bottom line?  If I were buying another 6&quot; jointer, I'd consider another model...  In fact, my advice to you is to avoid this unit until it earns the reputation for quality.
These are nice locks but they only came with 2 keys, there should be 8 keys, 2 per lock, I have several people who need keys for these so I went and had keys cut
within a week, had rusts spots everywhere, and was getting harder and harder to open. I feel like the quality build of the locking mechanism is very flimsy. For me a bad purchase, at least for any outdoor use. (that's the only reason it gets 2 stars and not 1: maybe it is better indoor... but still, ,flimsy).
These locks are very cheaply constructed. So cheaply constructed, in fact, that I'm afraid they'd spring open if I stared at them too hard. They do use a very unusual key which would make them really difficult to pick, though. Unfortunately that wouldn't be necessary in the first place: I'm sure even the crappiest bolt cutters would get through these locks easily.
I had bought one of the &#34;3009D&#34; locks individually from a hardware store, and was fairly satisfied.  The key for that particular lock was of a higher quality than the TWO keys that came with these FOUR-lock packages.  I would almost term the TWO keys sent in this four-lock pack as &#34;flimsy&#34;.  I also ordered a four-lock pack of the  &#34;140Q&#34; Master Lock from Amazon at the same time I ordered this four-pack of the &#34;3009D&#34; Master Lock.  If I had it to do over, I would have ordered only the &#34;140Q&#34; locks--that came with FOUR keys. The &#34;140Q's&#34; were more in tune with the quality I would expect from Master (locks & keys).
I have windows on the first floor with bars that need a lock so I had them locked, but lost the key.  These replaced the other locks from 20 years ago, same brand, same look. But theses are a little cheaper looking, but seems ok so I'm using them.
I looked at this plate jointer, and did not buy it.  The angle fence rotates on a joint made of plastic.  I don't use my tools much, but I keep them for a long time.  Based on past experience, I will not buy a tool where a primary hinge is made of plastic.
I owned a DeWalt 705S for a bit more than a week before returning it. For about five years, I owned a starter model Craftsman 10&quot; miter saw, which was fine for simple 45 degree miters and straight cuts for small projects; however, even after extensive adjustments, it never would cut a straight bevel (probably due to lateral weakness in the arm, among other things). Because I was getting ready to do some extensive remodeling and trim work, I decided it was time to replace the Craftsman with a more serious saw.I looked around at various saws and picked up the DeWalt. I like to buy American made tools when possible, and that was one of the factors in the decision. The DeWalt does have a nice, smooth action and is fairly solid overall, much better than the Craftsman it was replacing. I have had good experiences with other DeWalt power tools I own (e.g., a circular saw and a drill). After using this saw for a few days, though, I noticed problems. The worst of them is that the locking mechanism is terribly designed on this unit. Other reviewers on this site have noted this (and I wish I'd read their reviews before buying the saw!). The problem is this: when you lock in a miter setting by cranking the knob, the pressure lifts the rotating miter table relative to the &quot;fixed&quot; base of the saw. The table even lifts a bit when you set the saw to a pre-slotted angle; the spring that settles into the detent also pushes the table upwards and out of square.Now, this may not be an issue for you if you are making straight cuts in 2x4s or building a dog house, but it is a big problem if you're trying to do fine trim work where accuracy really matters. The defect effectively throws off the angles you're dialing in.At this price point, I don't think a saw should have slop engineered into it. This DeWalt unfortunately does and is therefore an inferior product in my book. (Even the flawed Craftsman saw I had did not have the table accuracy issue that this saw does.) DeWalt customer service offered me no solutions or workarounds and suggested I return the product if I wasn't satisfied. Back to the home center it went. And I did check the display model for this particular issue after I returned the saw. The display model had the exact same issue. Just tighten the knob and watch the table go up. It's even worse when you have the miter set to 45 degrees, where you can really see the contrast between the table and the base after the table rises. DeWalt just doesn't seem to have been able to figure out how to set the table solidly in the base.After shopping around again and reading more extensive reviews, I picked up a Delta TwinLaser 36-255L instead. Though it is a Taiwanese saw (as most appear to be), it is dead on accurate and needed minimal adjustments out of the box. (To be fair, the DeWalt was fairly well set up from the factory and did not require more than about fifteen minutes of work to get it squared up.) It also seems much more solidly built than the DeWalt overall. The same Delta saw without the laser (36-255) currently sells for the same price as this DeWalt. (The cookie-cutter Porter Cables are also nice, but the Delta incarnation has a two-year warranty instead of a one-year warranty.)Even if you're a DeWalt fan, as I have been, I would suggest that you shop around before dropping three Franklins on this particular product. Cast a cold eye on the 705S and ride on.
I bought this to use with the &#34;Vermont American 20371 1/8-27 NPT High Carbon Steel Pipe Tap&#34; and eventually returned it to Amazon.  The tap did not fit in this wrench. Perhaps I misinterpreted the capacity since 1/8&#34; is smaller than 1/4&#34;...  Either way I ended up just using a mechanic's 10mm wrench to thread the tap for my steam radiator valve.  Amazon's customer service was great in assisting my return.
Don't know how they measure these things, but this is TINY... I wanted to use it to move around some tall 1/4 barrel sanke kegs. Won't do it due to the small size. If you're looking to move something that will either fit on the tops, or in the recessed section, it should be ok. If you want to use it to move something else, look for something else. I'll probably end up getting a furniture dolly from HF at some point.
Cheaply made piece of junk.  Does not fit well.  Typical Chinese junk.  It's too thin and feels cheap. Looks ok when installed although I had to play with it to make it fit right.
Too narrow.  Wouldn't cover width of opening created for receptacle.  Was to be used with a usb receptacle which is somewhat wider than standard.
If you need a wireless switch, this is ok.  The wall switch looks ok and not too out of place, however the button can be unresponsive at times.  You may need to press the button 3 or more times before it will work.  I believe this only happens if you press the buttons too fast.  I've checked the battery and it's fine so I have to assume it just doesn't like fast switching.  Other than that, it's not bad.
Very poor range. Was working ok for a few months. Thought maybe the battery died. Works about 80% of the time within 5 feet. Currently mounted 15 feet away behind a couch. Was working perfectly, no longer works at this distance, channel A or B, it doesn't matter, needs to be within 5 feet to work now. Will have to research another option
I purchased two of these switches. One, thus far, has operated quite well. The other had problems "out of the box." Removing the face plate screws proved to be a challenge. Apparently one of the screws was so tightly fastened into threaded brass ferrule that the ferrule actually "spun" in the plastic receiver that was holding the brass ferrule into which the faceplate screw was fastened. This necessitated the removal of the faceplate by "coaxing" it off the switch box faceplate mounting screws. Then, after remedying this solution, the switch operated properly for two days, and then commenced to function properly only sporadically. I returned it for credit. For me, a 50% reliability doesn't cut it.
There are two ways to connect these type switches:a) wrap wire around screw and screw it inb) insert wire into hole until it locksThe problem with these switches is that the hole is way too small for normal house wiring.Fortunately for me I am using the wrap method.If you are using the other method, these won't work unless you have unusually small wiring.
Have not used the two brad sets I received yet, and may have trouble trying to use them due to poor packaging in the shipping box.The Brads are packaged in plastic press fit blister packs about the size of a candy bar. The packs were shipped in a 12" x 6" x 4" cardboard box with a piece of bubble wrap and no means to secure them from moving. The blister packs must have moved around considerably during shipping because both packs opened and the brad strip separated into anywhere from single brads, to strips of only a few brads, to a half strip of brads. I don't know yet if my nailer will accept very small strips let alone single brads.The brads themselves are probably fine as a product, but Amazon gets a "F" for shipping. Keep this in mind when ordering small parts that cannot handle shipping without being secured. Sigh.....
Go to your local big box store and buy these brads (a lot) cheaper, plus have a better choice of the lengths needed
I never have a problem with these nails and in fact, are my staple. The only issue is don't buy them here. I have found them cheaper at local hardware stores, alot cheaper..Thats the sole reason it got the stars it got. So you know I'm not a spokesman for anyone else but me..
This product works well for its basic purpose -- providing a flexible mechanism to drill or drive fasteners around corners or in hard to reach locations.  Unfortunately, when only a bit of load is applied (such as when driving a screw or other fastener), the head of the tool breaks off of the shaft.  I had several of these self-destruct in this way, so this appears to be a fundamental limitation of this tool.  Bottom line, this is probably ok for drilling, but don't expect to use this to drive screws or other fasteners.
Flimsy, weak, poorly constructed.  I honestly just threw it out when it came.  I wasn't expecting much for what I paid, but I was expecting a little more than this.
Of cheap construction.  It does look like in the photo.  It does hold my sheer voiles, but won't hold anything else.  The caps at the ends are made of plastic, not rubber, so it doesn't hold very well against the wall.  Do not count on it holding anything heavier than a sheer panel.  It won't.
Pros:1. Compact, inconspicuous2. No need to drill holes on door frame/door3. Easy to setupCons:1. It lost its functionality within 1 month.2. Its door-pressing plate slightly damaged my door frame.It'd be 4-star if it hadn't broke so fast.
I was disappointed by the strength of the spring on this. I used it on very light, hollow, standard size closet door.  Even at the tightest setting it would barely close the door.  I was able to improve it a little by jamming a small piece of cardboard between one of `arms' and the door to make the spring force even tighter.  I lubricated the other hinges.  The door swings with almost no resistance.  Despite this the device barely closes it.  In fact, even with all this it will not really close the door.  It swings it to the point where the latch meets the frame.  It does not have the strength to actually latch the door.  I was hoping to use this to keep the cat out of the walk-in closet.  However, because the door does not actually latch, the cat can push the door open and get in.  I suspect that if you added two of these to each door it might work, but if I'm going to spend that much, there are probably better options.  Installation is kind of a pain too. I spent at least a half hour trying to intall this and get it to work properly. Overall I cannot recommend this product.
I didn't do enough research before purchasing this item.  It is a fair price if you consider having to drive to Home Depot for the item.  However, if you lump your purchases together on the same trip which I requently do, then the price isn't as cheap as it should be.  Home depot is cheaper.
Usually Arrow equipment lasts a while, and on contact you'd expect that from this unit.  It's heavy and the exterior is strong.  This riveter has features, but stopped working about the third time I used it; it jammed up and no longer can pull rivets through even after clearing.  Even when it did work, it required a huge effort to squeeze-and-pull the rivets.
I use this tape with a nice 3m tape gun. I've packed and shipped several boxes with it and it usually works fine inside, but try taping something in 50 degree weather and this tape turns horrible. I just finished packing a box outside and I literally went through about 1/3 roll because I had to rip off pieces after they started splitting lengthwise about 8-10 times. Even got my fingers bleeding a bit (just from the tape - not from the tape gun's blade). Will never order this again.
3M typically makes great tape, but the batch I received worked poorly. We had to use it for a project, not enough time to return. Just didn't stick well to our cardboard shipping boxes. Peeled off by itself in several cases. Waste of time and money.Solution: forget plastic tape, use reinforced paper tape instead --  a far better product for box sealing. Amazon, B&H; Photo, and other quality companies use paper tape for sealing their shipping boxes -- it stands up to abuse, never peels off, and basically does the job at lower cost than plastic.
The mask was deformed and did not fit on my face correctly.  It was crooked on my nose and pointed sideways.  It is unfortunate I had this problem because I would have used it while cleaning out my garage.  My garage was full of nasty pesticides and anti fungal dusts for bushes.  Among  the poisons was an old bag of Diazinon.  Diazinon is so bad the EPA apparently outlawed it and it can no longer be sold in the US.  Since my mask was defective and therefore unusable I have to sweep nasty spilled powders and poisons out of my garage all the while breathing in the toxic substances as it was airborne due to cleaning and whatnot.  I got headaches and incessant sneezing attacks.  It was bad.  So I wish I had one that worked so I would not have exposed myself needlessly to such hazardous conditions but I was in a hurry and needed to get things cleaned in time for spring.
Mixes paint OK, but takes a lot of work moving up and down, side to side to mix in gallon containers, because these are so small.  Will look for bigger mixers in the future.
I have found that on about an 80 degree day, charging will never start unless the battery and charger are put in a shady spot for quite a while. Has anyone else had that problem?  Not good for many job sites.  I will follow up with DeWalt in case it's a malfunction.
Not bad but why would I want one. So what it can driver a 3" deck screw.  I can do that better with a cordless drill or impactdriver. This dewalt is still too big for a small screwdriver. The Milwaukee is over priced a little but it does the one thing better. Being a cordless driver. Its much smaller like a screwdriver. And you can drive a screw and then twist it like a manual screwdriver to check thightness of the screw. And dont have to worry a lot playing with the clutch so you dont strip out screws. Or like installing plastic electric plates, you can screw in then turn screw just a little manually so you dont crack the plate.
Practically every allen set screw rounded out immediately making the countersink bits unusable until I purchase new screws.  The flip drive is nice which is why I kept the order.
I bought this because I couldn't find the Craftsman version in stock anywhere at the time and I was gearing up for some assembly work.  When I finally got to drilling holes, after the 4th hole, the cutter and the bit broke in the hole.  I think it boils down to the fact that DeWalt uses a 4 prong cutter for the countersink portion and the cutters themselves are small and brittle.  If you drill into anything harder than pine, you're likely to break something.In any case, I wound up getting a Craftsman version that has much stronger bits and cutters and I was able to finish the rest of the job.  Save your money and get something you can rely on.
Not up to the DeWalt quality that I had expected having used their bits, drills, sanders and surface planers. The drill bits themselves are pretty flimsy, but the cutter seems to be decent quality. The flip drive mechanism is fine and seems to hold secure. The case itself is a cheap blown molded thing instead of other hard plastic DeWalt bit cases and I don't expect it to last very long. Once the bits wear out I'll probably toss the kit.
I BOUGHT THIS BOSCH ROUTER ON 8 17 13 AND IT TOOK A FUE DAYS TO REBUILD MY ROUTER TABLE. IT WAS BIGGER THAN MY OLD TRITON. ON 8 27 I WAS ABLE TO PUT IT TO WORK. LOVED IT AT FIRST, AFTER A COUPLE OF EDGE CUTS ON A PIECE OF OAK 6'' X 10'' . I NOTICED THE COLLET NUT GETTING WARM. MADE AN OTHER PASS ON PINE. NOW HOT , CAN'T TOUCH. I FIRST LOOKED TOO SEE IF THE BIT WAS SLIPPING, NO COLLETT MARKS BIT WAS TIGHT. AFTER IT COOLED SO I COULD CHANGE THE BIT , MADE ONE MOOR TRY / AT THIS PIONT I TIMED THE RUN / 35 SEC.  AND EVEN BEING CAREFULL FINGERS TIPS WAS BURNT.AMAZON SENT ME A REPLACEMENT IN 48 HOURS 10 STARS TO AMAZON. THE REPLACEMENT HAD THE SAME TROUBLE & AFTER 3 OR 4 MINUTES OF FREE RUNNING NO BIT OR COLLET I HAD TRACES O F GREASE COOKING OUT OF THE BOTTOM BRARING. I CALLED BOSCH AND TALKED TO RICK A WARRENTY SERVICE TECH . AT FIRST HE SAID IT WAS BAD AND HE NEEDED BOTH ROUTERS BACK TO FIND OUT WAT WAS WROUNG. HE SAID HE WOULD TEST ONE OF THE 1619EVS ROUTERS HE HAD THERE AND CALL ME BACK. HE DID CALL BACK IN 45 NINUTES THAT WAS A SURPRISE, BUT NOW HE CLAMES HIS GOT HOT TO. AND BECAUSE IT HAD 3.25 HP AND ALL THAT ELECTRIC IN THERE IT WAS NOW NORMAL TO GET BLISTER HOT & I WAS NOT SUPOSED TO CHANGE THE BITS SO OFFTEN. I NEED TO WAIT TILL IT COOLS DOWN THEN CHANGE BITS. RICK NEVER USED A ROUTER BEFOR OR HE IS A GOOD LYER COVERING BOSCH'S ASS, NO ROUTER GETS THE COLLET BLISTER HOT IN 20 TO 30 SECCONDS OR MINUTES FOR THAT MATER. SO IF YOU DO BUY ONE OF THESE BE CAREFULL IT VERRY WELL COULD BE GOING BACK TOO. I HOPE THIS STOPS SOMEONE ELSE FROM ALL THE TROUBLE AND BURNT FINGERS I WENT THOUGH.  I WENT TO MILLWAUKEE FOR MY FIFTH ROUTER, 2 DEWALT, 1 TREND, 1 HITACHI NONE OF THEM ARE HOT EVEN AFTER ALL DAY  LETS GO MAKE SOME CHIPS FLY.
i have this base - and i have the delta/rockler base.  i wouldn't buy this one again.  My beef - that it's not really foot friendly.1. it's tough to lift or lower with your feet.2. when the base is in the lifted position the handles stick out far to either side - i now have at least two pairs of boots with gouges through the leather because of it.  A beater pair of shoes - ok - but sometimes i'm just cutting through the shop or have only a couple minutes of work to do and don't want to change...The rockler model is great. i didn't get another because i didn't want to bother making the oak rails.  should have sucked it up and put the hour of effort in.
What a novel idea: clamps that exert no pressure! I was very surprised to find that these clamps which look well-designed,simply don't work. Squeeze the handles together as tightly as you can and the clamps still fail to hold whatever it is you you are trying to secure. Color me surprised when I released my grip - and the clamp released as well.Like I said, these look like a great idea, but they aren't.Jerry
The biggest flaw of this clamp is that it utilizes zero leverage in the design. Because of this, the clamp will only be as tight as you can squeeze it with your hands and nothing more. This is in contrast to more effective clamps that maximize clamping pressure by taking advantage of a pistol grip handle 'trigger' or a screw set fastener riding on a lock rail.Because of this deficiency, items clamped down with these clamps tend to slip and come lose. This is especially true if you don't have the strongest grip to begin with.This clamp has potential for being used for jobs that require very light clamping pressure, but you will get more bang for your buck by purchasing metal spring clamps.Overall, I do not recommend this product.
Like most button type quick change knives the blades falls out if you cut drywall or shingles.As well it is too big to fit into a carpenters knife pouch.
I like the retractable blade, but the notches that keep the blade in one of various positions are not adequate, and the blade keeps retracting.Also, the access to change the blade and storage of extra blades are NOT obvious and are difficult to figure out.
I have same problem as previous post ,drive stops and starts .have owned it a few years .gets moderate use .problem was there from the start ,minor at 1st and today it is driving me nuts .I need it now and my recent exp with makita parts was months coming . sure got good reviews .the depth adjustment stays put which is good ,no gimckie anti snipe handle . wish it worked today
In an attempt to save $ on overhead door garage door bottom seal, I purchased two of these items. I did a fresh level adjustment on garage door before installing this new MD seal and installed it with screws instead of the enclosed nails. I placed the screws w/washers every 12 inches and kept torque on the remaining seal as I inserted the screws into the door bottom. The job came out well as far as appearance but not so well as far as sealing the door bottom. I recommend spending the $ to get a better made seal if you are looking for something to keep out rain water, dust, etc.
I have owned a variety of high-end flashlights over the years and at one time worked as a Sheriff's Sergeant in a major metropolitan area. In that line of work a bright flashlight is a tool of the trade, and is carried at all times, even during the day.A belt holder for a flashlight should keep the flashlight securely attached to the belt and allow the user to rapidly deploy and replace the flashlight with a minimum of fuss. It should allow the flashlight the freedom to swing and swivel to accommodate sitting in a vehicle and/or riding a snomobile, ATV or similar conveyance. This belt holder only accomplishes the first objective. While it does hold the flashlight securely, it tends to bind if one attempts to remove the flashlight without using a second hand to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body and a second hand is required to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body to return the flashlight to it's holstered position. The ring also has only limited freedom to allow the flashlight to swing forwards and backwards to clear obstacles and vehicle steats and saddles.For casual use this product is OK. But for professional use, the product's single-axis swinging ring design detracts from it's usefullness. If you're serious about a flashlight holster, buy one of the all-leather products that has a ring that is soft and compliant and hold itself at 90 degrees to the belt ring. These can be obtained at a Police equipment supply.
The bezel and mounting clips are useful. If you have D cell Mag-lites on a boat or vehicle that moves, this keeps your flashlight from rolling around. The mounting clips are made well and hold the flashlight in place. The plastic red clear and blue covers are not the greatest though. The red is not very red, the blue is not very blue and the white is not able to diffuse light much at all. Better to get a blue or red LED light if you need colored light and just use the clear filter already on the light. The clear one seems to have no purpose as it doesn't diffuse light enough. Better to just get the mounting clips yourself. The rubber bezel is good for keeping the light from rolling around, but will discolor and dirt will stick to it.
I rec'd this item today and opened the box to find that it has been used.  There was sawdust in the box and the belt was on the sander and had clearly been used.  Called Makita and they said the belt should be separate in the box (NOT on the sander) and should not be used.  Returning item. This should never have been reboxed and resold as it was obviously used and not new.
I've rewritten this review to provide more detail.  The IDL T10 keychain tool is a cute looking little package. It it a typical multi-tool layout with foldout locking tools in stamped sheet metal folding handles of the pliers.  Folded the T10's overall dimensions are 2 1/16" x 1 1/18" x 3/8"  The manufacturing quality is good, with radiused edges.  The pliers are not needle knose but flat-sided like a mini lineman's plier.  The jaws meet precisely and work well, but are thick and clumsy for such a small tool.  The nose of the pliers measure 1/4" wide by 1/8 (2 x 1/16") thick.  A needle nose format would have been a better choice for such a small tool.In one handle there is a #1 (approx) phillips head (cross) screwdriver, a flathead screwdriver and a small (1 3/8")knife blade.  In the other handle there are tweezers (poorly made, the jaws don't line up) a two-sided (double cut and single cut) file with a nail cleaning point and a bottle opener with a small flat head screwdriver tip.Overall it's a pretty package, but unfortunately, performance wise the T10 has more flaws than functions.*The ingenious locking system allows for all tools to lock, but it also forces you to pull you fingers toward the sharp edge of the knife blade to unlock it, a danger exacerbated by the small size of the tool.*The phillips driver is smaller than the ubiquitious #2 but too large for glasses or other precision work, a little under #1 size, I'd guess.*The small flat screw driver on the bottle opener is only bevelled on one side allowing it to slip and damaged screws easily.  It is also a bit too wide for many eyeglass screws.*The large flat screw driver is bevelled on both sides but the bevels are mismatched again causing the tool to slip in the screw easily.*As stated earlier the jaws of the tweezers don't mate up correctly, probably due to the construction.  Two separate pieces of thin steel are indexed with a pressed in bump on one side fitting into a hole in the other.*The straight back profiled blade is beveled on both sides but the edge is chisel ground (sharpened on one side only).  It will take a ok edge wit some effort (it fairly dull when recieved) but it doesn't keep that edge for very long.  Not a big problem, as you'll not be doing much with this tiny blade but opening letters or packages.*The plier is well made but lacks a useful profile for a tool this small.  The blunt "lineman's" style is better used on heftier tools.  The handle rivet points can't take a lot of torque so, like so much of the T10, the pliers are more for show than for go.All of the tools are clumsy to open with a distinct sticking point when the locking reed opens. As noted earlier, this locking mechanism forced you to pull toward the knife's edge to unlock the knife blade, a safty concern.The keychain hole relies on friction at the handle rivet points to stay closed, with a little use it will open on it's own and fall off your keychain.Think of this as the mall ninja replacement for one of the small keychain Swiss Army knives and you'll be pretty close.  It's pretty and "tacticool" but not very practical.  If you want a small multitool get a Leatherman or Gerber.  If you just want to open packages and clean your nails, the small Swiss Army knife will do a better job with a nicer blade.Sorry, I tried to like the T10, but in the end it's long on looks and very short on performance.
These dont do a good job. Not recommended and not worth the money being charged.I am surprised of some poor quality dewalt tools and blades. I am going gradually over to Bosch and Makita.
Both of these blades became very dull very quickly. IMHO, the metal is poor quality and these should be avoided.
With a blastgate at each machine, you can control the air flow from the DC unit as if you only had one machine hooked up, providing the most efficient use of the air suction. By opening and closing each blastgate, as needed, you will get the maximum amount of air flow at all times.For a more &quot;durable&quot; blastgate, there is a metal version available at a premium. But I have found the plastic gates run into problems with use.  They jam with debris and cannot be taken apart to clean. The spot welds, which hold them together, will lossen with use, then the sliding gate, which is a friction function, will not operate properly.  The metal gate uses a screw to kept the gate open.Overall, it is a needed product that allows for maximum use of a dust collection system, with a blastgate installed at each branch to control the air flow to the machine in use. BUT, do not invest in the plastic version, go with the metal blastgate.
Jet JW1007 4-Inch Blast GateThese Woodstock International blast gates are identical to the ones I began using over 20 years ago. This same blast gate is sold by countless vendors; Jet is just one of many.They are inexpensive and work acceptably, although they leak a little air when closed.They have three parts, the two halves (glued together) with the movable gate in the middle.  The two halves on all of my Woodstock gates eventually came unglued.  Some lasted a couple of years, and one lasted at least a decade before separating.  Rather than replace them, I repaired each gate using pop-rivets or 8-32 machine screws & nuts to hold the halves together.  Except for this issue, none of my plastic blast gates ever "broke".The gate's ABS plastic body is smooth and each male side is slightly tapered.  Because of that taper, a clamped-on air hose tends to slip off, unless screws or other methods are used, to keep it attached.  See Customer Images.  It would have made sense to taper maybe the first 1/4" so it slides into a duct or hose, but tapering the entire male fitting end was not a great idea.I have a blast gate for the table saw, sliding compound miter saw, planer, sander, band saw, jointer, and drill press.  Unlike other reviewers though, none of my Woodstock blast gate has EVER filled up with dust or debris to the point that it stopped working or needed cleaning.  Perhaps that's because the dust collector is a 3-hp 1800 cubic feet minute unit; and the air moves so fast, it doesn't have a chance to clog a blast gate?  Also, the grooves in a blast gate are more likely to clog if the gate handle faces down.I rate them at two stars, since a customer shouldn't have to repair a product to keep it working, and the tapered male ends allow hoses to slip off.
I could not get the hose to fit over any other manufacturer's 4" fittings. I had to split it and then tape it closed. I have a system going from 6" mains, mostly 5" drops; just a few 4" connections off a wye at the bandsaw and router table. Everything else worked well together except this hose.
These are the same product and quality that you can buy from various sources, but these are 1/3 again as much!!No matter whos' you buy expect to have to use some silicon to seal them up or they will leak mercilessly.I hope this helps and, Good Luck with your own dreams!
LIKE ANY "OLD-SCHOOL," TESTOSTERONE-DRIVEN, ALPHA-MALE WHO IDENTIFIES WITH CHARACTERS LIKE "TIM, 'THE TOOL-MAN,' TAYLOR (TOOL-TIME), I JUST HAD TO HAVE THESE "RUGGED" BLAST-GATES IN MY DUST-COLLECTION SYSTEM.... AND I DO.HOWEVER, I AM ALSO AN "OLD-SCHOOL TIGHTWAD" AND COULD NOT AFFORD TO OUTFIT MY ENTIRE SYSTEM WITH THESE "HEAVY DUTY' BLAST GATES.SO.... I WAS "FORCED" TO ALSO PURCHASE THE "PLASTIC" BLAST-GATES TO SAVE MONEYJet JW1007 4-Inch BlastgateAS THESE PLASTIC GATES ARE NEARLY 1/3 THE COST OF THE ALUMINUM GATES.I INCORPORATED THEM INTO MY SYSTEM OUT OF NECESSITY, AS A TEMPORARY "FIX," UNTIL I COULD AFFORD TO REPLACE THEM. MY INTENTION WAS TO REPLACE THEM WITH THE "MANLY-BLAST-GATES" AS SOON AS FINANCES PERMITTED.FOR MY APPLICATION, THE ALUMINUM BLAST-GATES ARE TERRIBLE AND THE PLASTIC BLAST-GATES ARE FANTASTIC.MOST OF MY "DUST" IS METAL-SHAVINGS AND GLASS-BEAD. THE ALUMINUM GATES ARE VERY HARD TO OPEN AND CLOSE, AS THE GATE DOES NOT WANT TO "GLIDE" IN ITS TRACK (PROBABLY DUE TO DUST "JAMMING" THE SPACE BETWEEN THE GATE AND THE RAILS).THE PLASTIC BLAST-GATES GLIDE EFFORTLESSLY AND DO NOT SEEM TO BE AFFECTED BY "MY DUST" AT ALL.***THIS HARSH REVIEW "MAY NOT APPLY" IF YOU ARE EXCLUSIVELY CREATING WOOD-DUST IN A WOOD-SHOP*** I WOULD RECOMMEND CHECKING OTHER REVIEWS FROM WOOD-SHOP DUST-COLLECTION SYSTEMS.I AM NOW PREPARING TO SWITCH OUT THE ALUMINUM BLAST-GATES WITH THE PLASTIC GATES. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE PLASTIC BLAST-GATESJet JW1007 4-Inch Blastgate. I HAVE HAD THEM NOW FOR ABOUT A YEAR. THEY WORK SMOOTHLY AND ARE JUST AS RUGGED AS THE ALUMINUM GATES. I HAVE HAD NO BREAKAGE OR MALFUNCTION AND THE GATES WORK VERY WELL WITH A GOOD SEAL.
It's noisy, but it works OK in a tight space, like my condo in Cambridge. The fence sticks and it's impossible to get straight, and then it moves and the tiles bind. I yanked it off and in the process I broke one end (it's poly something or other and thinly made so it was easy)  I went to MK looking for parts and they provide a list of distributors. ..$12.00 for the fence (OK) $14.00 for the shipping (thanks a pant load).  What I'm gonna do is bend a piece of steel to go around and catch the groove that runs along the back. It's not worth it to me to buy another saw. You could also draw a line on the tile and cut by eye but that's a nuisance if you have a lot of similar cuts.
This saw is good for very rough cutting. It actually tears the wood when cutting. This saw is too rough for me so I won't be using it much. It would be good for cutting up old pallets for firewood when going camping.
Used this for a while.  Handy if it's all you have available but using my old Stanley flatbar works just as well.  Great concept with the nail holder, just doesn't work very well.
The machine seems to work fine but the top began rusting within days . This is inside my home with heat at 70 degrees . not like it was out in a cold damp shop . very disappointed .
I was kind of upset with this product. It was very easy to install, BUUUT it makes a super loud grinding noise like the gears are bad. It works fine but every time I use it I'm scared its just going to fly apart. Maybe I just got a defective one but if I didn't this product needs to be rethought out.
I don't care much for this holster. I have two different Dewalt drills and they both wedge in the holster when they tilt forward. It makes it very hard to pull the drill out. I spend a lot of time trying to adjust the holster so it will release my drills! Before you buy this look at theDEWALT DG5120 Heavy-duty Drill Holster. It fits the drill MUCH better.
.,..P>Beautiful saw, until you run your first piece of wood acrossthe table which becomes scratched and marred imediately.The body is what I would expect from the cheapest tools aroundnot the most expensive. The suspension is absolute garbage,You have plastic gears that raise and lower the saw and the factory recomends keeping them packed with grease wich we allknow will become a saw dust magnet. After cutting one piece of wood they were caked in sawdust which I would assume willeventually cause binding. The subframe is garbage too.I am very disapointed to see such poor quality and craftsmanshipfrom a noteworthy company.On the other hand the motor is strong and the fence is accuratebut so what,  The motor and fence won't do me any good if the blade won't raise or the body has cracked. I should have gone with the Dewalt evan though it's motor does not compare it'snot loaded with fatal design flaws.If this saw holds up I'll be shocked... more later.......
I love add-ons such as this, ones that add function.. But the value on this one is just not here...Unless you have a router that you absolutely dont want to give up, if i did it again, id put the money to a router with above table adjustment.It will get the job done but...eh...I bought this for quite less than full price, but still find it unworthy.(And it does fit the Ridgid R2930 just fine, still i use the built in above table adjustment on it.)
After purchasing this item, reading the instructions completely and understanding them I decided I didnt want to screw up my router with drilling it out etc. I bought a Woodpeck lift instead and sold the Raizer on ebay.
The product came in a plain cardboard box with no indication anywhere who the manufacturer is even though the Amazon website says B & C Eagle. The box did have a prominent warning on the outside stating that the unnamed manufacturer would not warranty the galavanize coating against deterioration for any period of time.The nails themselves seemed to have a very thin zinc coating and were not aligned especially well in the strip. (they weren't all parallel to each other) I didn't use any so I can't say if the misalignment would have caused any jams but I'd rather see better quality control.I recommend that you don't use this product for any serious outdoor structural project that will need to be inspected, especially ACQ treated lumber. Your inspector may want to know that you used quality fasteners. You  could find yourself tearing them out and starting over with nails from a known reputable manufacturer.Keep 'em if you're making a dog house or fence, but don't risk it for anything important. I sent mine back.
I couldn't believe the guy who is using these for 3/4 plywood. Theye don't have that kind of power and burn easily unless you do ten passes. Not impressed at all, though I guess if I did dollhouseas I might find them useful.
Used it on large boards thinking it would work however it dulled and the sharpness faded.  Only works on thinner wood boards and for a short amount of time.  After that it dulls..  Hard to stabilize when cutting large boards and small boards because you have to make a jig.  Be careful when using.
Excellent idea, I'm dissapointed of Dremel.I use the smallest router bit for a 15 inches long piece of wood, the idea was to insert a small piece of thin triplay (3mm) and the drill get burn and broke it. I had to finish the work with the carbure bit, so the router bits are kind of cheap things.
I bought this kit hoping to use the larger felt pads to polish out scratches in glass using cerium oxide. My intent was to use the felt pads like a rotating buffer, i.e. use the full surface of the pad perpendicular to the tool. Unfortunately, the felt pads included in the kit mount onto a threaded metal shaft with a sharp tip. When the felt pad installed, the metal tip points through the felt. I tried epoxying two of the felt pads together, but that only lasted a few minutes. If i hadn't ruined two pads with epoxy, I would've sent it back. I'm sure I'll find a use for the tools eventually.
Tested it out on an 8' long old birch-top workbench.  Unit found the screws holding 3/4" top to the frame.  It also found most of the visible nails that had been pounded into the top over the years.  The key word is "most".  It could not find a finishing nail embedded in the top corner of the front edge of the top. I could see the nail with the naked eye but this unit didn't know it was there!!I was going to return it but figured for $20 I'd keep it and use it to at least find bigger metallic objects.
Bought from amazon for installing interior molding.  I have shot maybe 300 nails.  3 Jams.  At least one was due to hitting another nail.  So it works.  I don't know if it works better then a nail gun half its price.Watch the amazon price it floats above and below the box stores.Update.  This thing jams like crazy now.  Oiled it every time I used it.  Which was like for 10 small jobs.
This compressor could be so good. It's got good capacity, very compact design, a well-placed carrying handle, the Emglo reputation, the DeWalt service to back it up. But! The first one I ordered from amazon came with a crushed air intake filter. But we all know UPS's propensity to destroy everything that comes their way. Since I live near a DeWalt service center, I drove over and they gave me a replacement filter free of charge. Tried to install it and &lt;*?^$!!?> It would just barely fit between the pressure regulator housing and the motor that it screws into. Hmm. Maybe I just got a bad unit. Thanks to amazon's excellent return policy, they had UPS at my house the following day to pick up the compressor and _the_next_day_ a replacement showed up. Opened the box, same problem. If it wouldn't have been damaged in transit with UPS, it surely would have happened the first time I hit a good pothole on my way to some job with it in the trunk. Amazon chose not to try a third time and issued a refund. (Which I used on a Makita model - heavier, but quiet! and runs like a champ, see my review.) Chalk this up to bad design, yet I'm giving it two stars simply because such a good percentage of reviewers have had good experiences with this unit, maybe it was an older design that has been updated to save production costs, but >!**$?&lt; created a compressor too big for its own britches.
Carpenter for 35 years and have owned several circular saws.  The brake occasionally works, the shoe is not parallel to the blade and the tilt lock, while good in theory, is in practice never used.  That last complaint is not really valid but I never think or need to change the handle angle.  I have a 25 plus year old Super Saw Cat that to this day slams to a stop the moment the trigger is released.  Were the blade guard not partly missing I would still be using this saw daily.  This is my second Milwaukee Tilt-Loc and I have now bought a Dewalt that I really like.  But like the tool it replaced the brake rarely works without a second trigger pull.  This problem is also true of my Dewalt chop box. The  old Black and Decker Super Saw Cat always stop on a dime why not the newer equipment?
The Fein multimaster is a great tool for specialty cutting jobs, provided only cutting soft materials and limited use. I have had the same experience as other users. The tool operates much like (and could be substituted for) a Stryker surgical cast saw. However, the steel blades are expensive for their limited life. The carbide and diamond blades are better.This Fein tool has enabled a few jobs not possible with other tools, or saved considerable labor for some jobs (as opposed to the usual methods).But don't expect it to be a workhorse because of the limited life and special cut design of the steel blades. I have done limited blade sharpening touch-up using brasselerusa.com serrated diamond saw blades, but this is specialized/expensive equipment most tool users don't have. Sharpening would require very specialized sharpening equipment which apparently only Fein has at their factory. It is so sad that they do not offer blades make from more durable materials.
As with all the "multi Master" blades this one is too expensive and dulls too fast.  With all the "knock offs" out there I'm hopping that someone will soon make a cheaper group of blades that fit and are fairly priced.
The good: the saw goes 'round and 'round like any other saw. The Makita blade they send along cuts very smoothly.The bad: once you drop this delicate piece of 'construction' equipment you might as well cut the cord, remove the blade and give it to your 6yo for a play toy. The base bends--making it impossible to make a square cut or use the rip guide. The track guides one uses to set the depth bends & twists and makes raising/lowering the blade depth nearly impossible; the bevel angle gets knocked out of plumb (this is from a 30" drop onto soft grass!)Let's face it, people drop saws! And one minor drop shouldn't render this saw useless (for all practical purposes); but it does...Also, it's not balanced very well and the mitre settings are difficult to read.Next time? I'm buying the (much cheaper but more 'manly') Hitachi. (forget Dewalt; they're crap, too)
The most positive thing that I can say about this product is that the dust port works well.I bought this fence, several years ago, as part of a bench top router table. The table was a piece of junk that was too thin to stay flat, but that is not what this review is about.The fence had me perplexed, I couldn't get consistent results when using it. I retired this year and I decided that I would spend the time to figure out what was going on.The first thing that I noticed is that the particle board fence wings were too flexible. The pressure of a feather board was causing them to flex enough that the board being worked on did not stay in contact with the out-feed fence wing. That isn't much of a problem. If I can't make a couple of oak or ash faces for the fence, I need practice with my router anyway. They would have done better to leave them out of the package rather than give the customer something that is disfunctional.The second problem is more serious. With the particle board removed, I found that the two metal plates they attach to are not co-planar (these were seriously tilted with respect to each other). Now, if these reference surfaces aren't in the same plane, the out-feed fence will never properly support work coming off the in-feed fence. After some time spent at the belt sander I had them to a point where I feel that I can shim them and using a doubled mount (second fence mounted to shimmed first fence), get by with it the way it is.Considering the amount of time and effort I have put into making this product work acceptably, I could have built one from scratch and had much better satisfaction.I bought this fence because I loved the concept. The micro adjustment in both directions (in or out) reduces trial and error to trial and adjustment. It has the potential to better than halve setup time. The implementation, however, is so bad that I am being generous in saying that I only dislike the product. I think of Freud as a competent company that makes some excellent products, and perhaps Freud has increased the quality of this product over the years, but the one I got is so bad that I really have to ask, Was this really made by Freud?
I don't get it.  It DOES make a laser dot brighter WHEN you can get the dot on the target, but if you can do that in the first place then why do you need this?Maybe I'm not using it for it's intended purpose:  I wanted some help in seeing the dot of my laser rangefinder over moderate distances in bright light, but the description focuses on hanging it from a steel grid and hitting it with a rotary laser (presumably mounted on a tripod, etc.).  I suppose that the sweeping beam would be more likely to hit the target at some point in its sweep.  But trying to hit it with a handheld rangefinder, when you can't see the dot in the first place, is virtually impossible.  For this it would help to have a much larger target.Also, the way it's made, if you hang it on a wall using its hole it will not hang flat, but will be angled out at the bottom by about an inch.
Ok, so i liked th way the clamp worked, but the fact that broke one might be justification to bring the rating down a little. i am not one to think a product is junk, just because i get a dud. So it works really well, and i didn't brak both of tem. i may have had a defective part, as casted parts can have internal voids that could be hard to see, but make one clamp fail prematurly. So now the warranty comes into question. I was too busy at the time to peruse it, so I can't comment on the warranty.I bought two of the 48" model clamps and had one snap in a way to make the clamp useless.  The part that snapped was inside the clamp side, it was made of a cast metal of some sort.  It actually broke into two, plus two small fragments of metal that I found sitting on the ground under it. The clamp was holding Ok, but then I heard a pop, and found that the clamp had given up. I will be curious about the warranty on this clamp. I noticed that the adds here in Tool Crib don't mention a warranty, so I will have to get in touch with the manufacture to see if there is one.
A word of caution about these clamps.  The pads on the jaws of these clamps is made of an oily plastic that makes oily marks on the wood.Cleaning the pads with solvent doesn't help and getting the oil off the wood is difficult/impossible.I've contacted the manufacturer and they are aware of the problem.  They recommend going over the oily marks with solvent two or three times.  Then, they recommend that you apply wood stain to the project.To read more Amazon reviews about this problem, check the 12 inch version of this same clamp.Even with the problem I've just described, I have to say that these are strong, well-made, quality clamps....if you remove the plastic pads.
This Bosch Router would not function as a dovetail jig router. The base opening is non standard opening.tried for days to purchased the required template bushing adapter. The Bosch adapter is out of stock. the entire country did not have the adapter. Makita, Milwauke, PC, DW, and Hitachi all have the same size template opening and thus utilize the PC bushings for dovetail routing.The 1617 is an odd duck and makes a case for nickle and dime do IT MY WAY. All the named routers do a good job. Be smart, 1617 has fans as it is a fine tool. and consider a router that follows Industry standards. Of course the Pro level DW and Milwaukee and PC are appropriate alternatives to consider.The power switch is not sealed - clogs with sawdust.
I've used this for 5 years or so.  The regular base is great for someone needing a moderate power router - it's not a high power router for heavy regular use.  The plunge router is poorly designed making for continual need to tighten bolts on the handles.  The switch has gone out twice on my machine. First time I bought a new one after looking for awhile online.  2nd time I realized that YOU CAN FIX THE SWITCH: pull it out, file the contacts off (it's faulty probably because of the wrong metals used in the switch causing sparks and carbon build up on the contacts thus reducing it's ability to conduct current).All in all it's a pretty faulty product with some strong elements.  I've used a Porter Cable 3+ HP for years professionally and they seemed way more solid than this machine.
Sure enough, after barely using this edge guide the sliding plastic edges of it's fence broke just from having the tool sit on the backseat of my car with other tools, maybe something rolled on top of the tool but it was't dropped. Now, I have to buy another new complete guide or make or find the delicate edge pieces of my fence.I do have the latest humongous new Bosch plunge router to go with this and that's been a great tool. I'll keep searching for the edge guides of fence or make some outta hardwood....they'd be tougher than the plastic ones.
I purchased this for a project that needed a larger router bit. The bit is by Bosch but it was too large in diameter to work with this guide! Sorry I forgot which bit it was or what the diameter is, but I just needed like 2 or 3 mm more to clear the guide. I didn't see any way to accommodate the bit by adjusting this guide unfortunately. I'll keep it just because it's otherwise well made. I had to borrow a friend's Festool router and guide, which worked great with the Bosch bit and was a lighter assembly.
Very disappointed with Bosch for designing a system of attachments that don't work together.  I purchased a RA1165 base to mount under a RA1181 table.  Then purchased a RA1172AT Dust Extraction Hood Kit ... with the intention to mount the dust extractor hood to the base, using the adapter to bring the hose size to 2 1/2 inches.  You can attach the dust hood to the base, but the outlet points at an angle towards the FRONT of the router table.  It is not possible to attach the VAC020 adapter to the dust hood and angle the hose so it exits the rear.  There simply is no clearance.  I should have returned the entire system, but decided to try to solve the problem.  The 1 1/2 inch port size of the dust hood required the purchase of a POOL vacuum hose that is flexible enough to turn nearly 180 degrees beneath the table and exit the rear.  There I used the VAC02020 adapter to attach it to a 2 1/2 inch Y.BTW, here's is Bosch's response: "Thank you for writing. The RA1172AT is for use with the fixed and plunge bases included with the 1617 and 1618 routers. The hood is not designed for use with the RA1165 base. A 2-1/2" hose can be connected on the top side of the router table directly to the dust chamber the router bits sits in for dust collection on the router table."So Bosch designed an under-table base that doesn't support Dust extraction, EVEN THOUGH you can physically attach the dust hood to the base!If this sounds complicated, it is.  And it's a direct result of poor design by Bosch.  The under-table base should be aligned to port to the rear (like the router fence dust port).  The under table dust hood should be 2 1/2 inches (like the fence).  And there should be ample clearance for a hose to exit.I am going to post this exact review to all my reviews of the various components I purchased.
I really think that if you want serious dust collection from a router, you just have to go Festool. These things are very fiddly and require a lot of patience to set up, and even then don't really work very well.
I used this with my router combined with thePorter-Cable 4216 Super Jig - Dovetail jig (4215 With Mini Template Kit).  I have to say I was less than impressed. The sawdust output was a bit diminished, but not significantly.  Also, the addition of a vacuum hose made the router harder to handle.  The hose almost pulled my router off line several times.Perhaps if you had a shop-central vacuum system this would work better.  It ended up being more aggravation than it was worth in this application.I still hope to test it out on some other applications, such as edge routing. Maybe I'll be able to arrange the hose so it pulls less.If I had to buy it again, I'd probably save my money.
I agree with the guy that's a little dissapointed in this tool.  Although it has nice power, and will cut through wall board, etc. with ease (what doesn't), it is very messy.  This thing will fill your house with sheetrock dust.  I was cutting out a large hole in the ceiling (for wallboard repair), and the whole entire living room was completely filled with dust.  I even had goggles on, and the vent on the tool directed the dust directly to my face and dust just managed to get in my eyes.The noise I can deal with (wear ear plugs), but I'm hesistant to use it for wallboard repair from now on.  NOTE:  This is the only power cut-out tool I ever used, so I have no reference to compare it to any other of this kind...I'm no contractor or anything, but I do a lot of home repair/carpenter/landscape &amp; metal fabrication work as a side job.
I find this sander a bit hard to use and find myself using my Porter Cable belt sander in most cases instead.  To do the job right you should change belts to finer grit often and be very patient to take off only a tiny bit of wood at a time or you burn the wood and the belt.  The belts are expensive unless you make your own but that task requires a lot of time.  I can change a belt on my Porter Cable in 10-15 seconds.  On the Jet it takes me 3-4 minutes.  This is very frustrating.  It is also difficult to perfectly level the gap between the table bed and the sander roller.  And if you don't do this you will have uneven sanding.  I could NEVER succeed in sanding a board wider than 16 inches even though that is the claim (16-32).  This requires an absolute perfectly even gap between the table and the roller or you will see a "step" in the middle of the board.  I suppose if I used this sander on a daily basis I would conquer some of these hurdles.  If you are only going to use this sander occasionally, stick to you portable belt sander.  On the positive side, the motor is powerful enough and well designed.  The dust collection is effective (I use a 4" Jet dust collection system).
I used two different units. They displayed the same characteristics. This router has a few issues:1. The plunge mechanism is jerky. Requires too much pressure to plunge, I find it difficult to make a controlled plunge with this router. I prefer my Makita even though it is a heavier router for hand held use.2. The base is cut straight on two sides. This makes the base narrower in the direction that you are pushing when using the edge guide.  This makes it easier to tip.  You have to pay special attention not to tip it.  This is especially an issue when using a longer spiral bit, because the handles are too high.  the router is a bit top heavy.  Combined with the narrow base, this is not good.3. If you don't hook up a vacuum the wood chips stay right around the bit in a wind tunnel created for the vacuum mechanism.  You cannot even blow the chips with your mouth, as you would with a jig saw for instance, because the wind tunnel effect created is stronger than you can blow away... You have to stop and take the router off the workpiece and clear the chips.  This becomes an issue when you are trying to rout up to or near a line.4. The debt stop mechanism is prone to slipping.  The unnecessary force used due to the jerky plunge mechanism makes this issue worse.  After repeated cuts you may find your last cut to be deeper than your first cut.  This is pretty annoying. You have to check measurements after each cut just to make sure.On the positive side, I guess it is  a lighter router. I would not recommend it.
We had ordered these while I was visiting my brother, they worked fairly well and I liked them so I ordered a set for myself. What I received was NOT the same as my brother received. He received three inch wide heavy duty straps, while the set I was sent was  about one and a half inch wide straps and NOWHERE as sturdy as the set he was sent. I immediately returned them and noticed that REPLACMENT was NOT an option. I also noted that there are several sellers for this item that also qualify for Prime. The pricing is very close, so who knows who is selling what ??????? My  Prime purchase was from a seller named Beautiful Time.7/31 UPDATE - I re-ordered these with Amazon as the seller, they won't be delivered until end of August despite being a Prime item, but I am not in any hurry. I plan on keeping them in the car in case I may need them. For home use I have the original Shoulder Dolly. I will update again after I receive this new order.08/09/13 - UPDATE - I was notified that the second order for these were actually going to be shipped much sooner than anticipated. I just opened the box from my second order of these straps, and this time the seller was supposedly Amazon. I received the cheaper ones again. These straps are only 1.5 inches wide, not the 3 inch wide ones we first received. Amazon needs to update their description of these straps, or otherwise get the correct ones in stock. Since I only wanted these as spares to keep in my car trunk, I am going to keep them - but I am definitely very disappointed.
Didn't really help all that much since I needed to go up stairs.  Wish I knew about the shoulder dolly first, would have bought that in a heartbeat over this.
This seemed like a great idea, but it just doesn't work nearly as well as advertised. I bought them when I was moving a few years ago and had high hopes. I found one piece of furniture that I could move easily with this, but the rest just got moved the old fashioned way.
I have moved very large items, but when it came time to use these I never really found they made it much easier.  Maybe I was using them wrong?  I dont know didnt come with any instructions, but when we tried to move sofa's, bookshelfs, chest of drawers, these just hurt our forearms and didnt make moving much easier
The switch on this drill is difficult to operate. Myself and two other guys had problems with it. The drill is either locked on or off. If the bit jambs you can not quickly stop the drill or for any matter it is difficult to stop. This is a problem and will probably burn up the motor when it is jambed and attempts to turn. I guess if Hitachi makes a better switch or even a simple trigger it would be a great drill. I am returning mine tomorrow.
I am not sure why this is so expensive but I would recommend looking for cheaper options than this unless you are a machinist and not a woodworker.I found cheaper option from glad stone tools , which is equally accurate but way cheaper.Avoid this one unless you want scintific accurary , which is 'Over exacerated' when it comes to woodworking !!.
I bought two of these guns for an installation in New York where I had to assemble double thick shelving panels on the site.  We used the longest set time...I think it was 90 seconds, and alternated guns to get enough of the glue down fast enough to have time to adjust the assembly.  For this they were indispensable and I would invest in the glue if I had to do it again.  That said, they don't make any sense at all for occasional use. the glue comes with a stamped date and a shelf life of a few months. Once the tube is opened or if it goes beyond it's date, the glue tends to harden near the spout.  You can push a drill bit up into the tube to free it up and sometimes it works, but more often than not you end up throwing the tube out.  The guns are so cheaply made that if you need more pressure they just crap out.  I just threw out my last cartridge and came looking for more, but at $9.00 for one (should be for 4) it's a ripoff..
I agree with the previous writer.  This is NOT a review, but a complaint.  I too waited almost 2 months for the thing - Now if you don't have it, you can't ship it - BUT I cancelled my Amazon order and ordered it from Rockler - Got it in 3 days.  Jet - get with it and supply your venders.  Amazon - if you can't get it, take it out of your catalog.
The templates do not center in the router base. That means the router bit is not center. I really love the Bosch router. If I were to do it over I would just order the RA1100 interface. That way I could use the standard Black & Decker style guides in the RA1100 interface.
Had this in my pickup for about 3 years and it's brittle now with cracks the whole length of it.  Before it started cracking, the vinyl coating was getting hard and the lock wouldn't bite but could easily be slipped down and that started within the first year.  I still use it because it "looks locked" but now i'm shopping for a replacement.  Don't think they don't know what sort of plastics they use in items.  They don't want you to have to buy another sooner than later of course.
This tool is not very useful; I feel that I largely wasted my money. You have to manually level the tool (using a tiny bubble level) every time you want a level line, which means it is no more helpful than a traditional 48 inch framing level made of aluminum. But doesn't the laser at least work over longer distances? Not in practice, because you also need to manually hold it up on the wall while you use it (unless you want to pin it in place, leaving holes), so the line is only good as far as you can reach with your other hand. Real self-leveling, tripod-mounted laser levels are great, but this is not that tool.
I purchased this about a year ago.  It works well for putting a line on the floor for a grout line but it has some major disadvantages.  For $34.95 on sale, you can buy a Craftsman that comes in a nice neopreme case and has a bundle of attachments.  Why is it better?  Because if you mount the Irwin laser on the wall, you had better get it right the first time.  Once you push those little feet into the drywall, that's it.  You can't move it.  That's the way drywall is, you can't keep punching holes in the same spot and expect it to stick.  Plus the laser only points straight ahead.  The Craftsman on the other hand comes with 2 mounting brackets.  One for mounting it on a tripod and one for mounting it on a wall.  The tripod bracket has adjustable screws so you can fine tune the level of the laser.  You can also set this on the ground or a table.  Adjust the screws until the laser is level, and you are underway.  The best part of the Craftsman is that the laser is magnetically attached to the mounts.  So when you mount the drywall bracket on the wall, you then attach the laser via its magnetic base.  It's got enough attraction so it won't move on its own, but you can adjust it on the bracket.  Thus you can slap the bracket on the wall and fine tune the laser after you put it on the bracket.  Plus you can rotate the laser from verticle to horizontal.  It's much more versitile and the laser appears to be much brighter than the Irwin.  I gave my Irwin away.Some of the applications that I have used this for are:1. Laying out floor tile2. Mounting valences that go from one wall to the next3. Pictures4. Canned lighting.  That was hanging it upside down from the ceiling. Now that's some magnets.  If it's on the laser they are straight5. Cabinets6. Pestering the catGo buy the Craftsman!!
If you're like me you look at the reviews before buying. I was very excited when I saw this product. For me it meant no more lugging my big rotary laser. Well he's the deal. The Strait-Line 64001 Laser Level is a great idea, but it lacks greatly. The laser is just to dim to see. You can hardly see the line on a white wall. The laser's power is just not enough.
The sheath that I got was the second one in the picture, the one with the yellow stitching.  I don't like it that much.First of all, it's not formed at all.  It's a sheet of nylon stiched to another sheet of nylon.  The sheath that came with my Wave is formed, with four sides.  The sides of the Wave sheath are elastic, and stretch just enough to hug the tool tightly without being too tight.  This sheath, though, only has two.  Accordingly, sliding your multi-tool into it is rather difficult.  One might argue that such a tight fit is a plus, that your multi-tool won't fall out if the top isn't closed.  Fair enough, but it's also much more difficult to get out and put back in.Also, this sheath does not have the little hole at the bottom that my Wave sheath does.  This hole is nice because it allows you to reholster your multi-tool while it is opened up.  You can be working with the pliers, reholster the tool without closing it back up again, and then get the tool out again.  It's a very nice feature, and one this sheath does not have.This sheath also lacks the little pockets in the back for the extra bits.  My Wave sheath has them.Finally, this holster is much larger, about 1/2 an inch longer and almost 1/2 an inch wider than my Wave sheath.  Not that big a difference I suppose, but a bit annonying.This sheath does work and does hold my Wave and Skeletool.  At the same time, it's not formed, is bulky, lacks the hole in the bottom, and lacks a pocket for extra bits.  If I could order all over again, I'd spend 23 cents more and get this: Leatherman 934810 Premium Nylon Sheath for Wave.  That's one that came with my Wave.
5 years old and constant false alarms even with brand new expensive lithium battery.  Disturbs my neighbors and aggravates me.  Why do I need this stress in my life?  My advice is to stick with something simple and reliable, not this expensive high-tech junk.
we replaced our smoke alarm in the kitchen because when I stir fry the alarm would go off.  We paid extra for the remote control feature.  this feature does not work, even when trying 3-4 different fully-charged remote controls.
I've had this exact model in my main bathroom for over 3 years with no problems, grief, or any complaints, so when the master baths shower developed a split in the middle and began spraying everywhere I was delighted to see that Amazon carried this.  Based on 3 years of use I think I can say this is a great little hand-held shower for $16. It has only 4 settings, but they are more than enough for most people anyway.  Never used those other settings on previous models I've owned.Another nice little "feature" of this shower is in the fine print.  Our wonderful government mandates that all hand-held showers have a flow regulator built into them.  Look carefully at the front page and you will see where it is at, and how to remove it and place it in that special drawer or box you keep all those pillow tags that say do not remove under penalty of federal law.  I doubt all models are this easy to fix for those in low pressure areas, or like me where the pressure is high but already stepped down in the main supply.Something else to consider when buying these things, If it made of a Nickel or Chrome finish, Don't Buy It, it made of a hard brittle plastic that will crack, or worse crack your Fiberglass tub.  You want a soft lightweight white plastic like this one.  These won't crack if your fumble fingered.Finally, for the idiots who have bought this and complained about leaks or splits from the plastic fittings, Get some thread compound from the hardware store and learn how to use it! You don't have to crank with a pair of pliers to tighten these things, and I guarantee you if you look in a plumber's toolbox you will see he uses that stuff too.It been 4 months since I bought the 2nd unit, and I have to take back most of everything i've said.  The first unit is still working fine, but the 2nd I bought in April has self destructed internally and is throwing water from everywhere.  Makes for a very weak shower.
The Cascadia is hard to get it to stay where you want it. The button that changes the spray pattern broke after about 3 months and is not repairable. Poor plastic construction. I won't buy another one.
For a company with a good reputation, I'm very disappointed in Waterpik. The large showerhead is quite heavy and the gooseneck can barely support its weight, so unless you can mount it fairly high up on the wall, the showerhead won't stay at a proper horizontal angle.  Or it will stay up for a while, then slowly sag.  It has recently developed an annoying whistle; those holes are tiny, so they are probably clogged, but how does one clean this unit since it doesn't come apart?  Stay away from this one, and buy something else.
What I should say is: It is not for a door expert. The planer is great but the bevel guide adjusts in the opposite direction from most "door" planers. This is a problem because if you have the door on a saw horse, you will have to flip the door over to get the bevel going the correct way. Also then your marks would be on the opposite side if you mark on the high side. Otherwise is very nicely made with good features.I bought this for another door installer and he promptly returned it due to the backwards fence.
I bought the tape mostly for the writing pad and the side body.  I find the metric side interferes with reading standard measurements when holding the tape in reverse (backwards).  Also, the stand out length is poor. My next tape will be the new Milwaukee tapes
Pros:- 1/64" steps- Very nice plastic case- "No spin" hex shank (also lets larger bits fit 3/8" chucks)- Pilot point works as advertisedCons:- Gold Ferrous Oxide instead of TiN- More shank and less flute than your average drill bit- Design aggressively chews up wood badly (with tear out on exit)- Not good for soft woods (works better with harder woods)- Flutes seem less sharp than other brands- Too much heat concentrated at pilot point risks burning the bit- Halfway down, bits bite hard into the wood (especially the larger ones) and cause the drill to screw itself into the wood until the chuck hits requiring you to backout and try again. This is very frustrating and is a major design flaw in my opinion. As such these bits are not well suited to hand drills.If you are set on this purchase, consider the package with the measuring tape:DEWALT DW1969TM Heavy Duty 29-Piece Pilot Point Set with FREE Tape MeasureOr the 25pc Black Oxide version with the normal tip:DEWALT DW1164 25 Piece Black Oxide Drill Bit SetNote there also exists a cobalt version with the Pilot Point tip:DEWALT DW1269 29 Piece Cobalt Pilot Point Metal Drill Bit Index Set
This air hose is good if you are going in a straight direction.It will kink at the begining and end of the couplings.So it's no better than any other hose I have had
I bought this lathe in 2007 and use it for mostly pens and small items. I have never turned anything as large as a table leg on it. By the beginning of 2011 the bearings were completly shot. I can do small faceplate work but if I use the tailstock, the bearing noise is deafening and I can't get enough accuracy to even turn pens. The steel is really soft in the tapers and galls easily. At least I can smooth it out with sanding cloth.I replaced this lathe with a Nova DVR XP.
You have to be very careful with these bits.  When they break through to the other side of the material being drilled they will screw themselves right down to the chuck and if your hand is near any part of the piece being drilled you can get your fingers smashed.  I thought this was a quirk in my first set but when many of them broke I bought a second set.  Same problem.  They screw themselves right through the material being drilled instantly without completing the hole.  They are very difficult to hold back and prevent this from happening.
Some of the bits appear to be ok.  Un fortunately when I first opened the wood case one of the wood mounts had broken free and a bunch of bits were rattling around in the box.  That is bad for the sharp edges.  The 1/4" bit broke after about an hours use.  Not to good.  Spend a little more and get a good set if you plan on using it much.
I had this Bostitch BT200K Brad nailer for a little over 2 months. I was not impressed with it at ALL! It jammed often, didn't countersink, felt "sloppy", and lacked power to set 2" brads in hardwood. I ended up selling it on eBay and buying a Ridgid brad nailer instead. My impression of the Ridgid nailer are, it is superior! Every detail seems to have been carefully thought out with it, fit/finish is superb, no jambs (yet!), tons of power, just as light as the Bostich, and it has a lifetime parts/service warranty! I suggest you steer clear of the Bostitch BT200K, and look at the Ridgid instead. (Check on eBay, I got my for $49.99 + $9.99 S/H!)
Compared to other Bostich nailers this one is terrible.  I'm on my second nailer in a couple years.  The first one worked very well but developed air leak somewhere around the trigger.  I didn't have the time to mail it to Bostich to fix so I bought a second one.The second nailer is terrible.  It jams and won't fire their own (Stanley) 1 5/8" nails - there are grooves in the magazine where the heads of the brads sit and there is no groove in the nailer I have for those brads.  A minor issue but that's what I had on hand for brads.I don't recommend this tool.
I had this Bostitch SX150K stapler for a little over 2 months. I was not impressed with it at ALL! It jammed often, didn't countersink, felt "sloppy", and lacked power to set 1-1/2" staples in hardwood. I ended up selling it on eBay and buying a Ridgid stapler instead. My impression of the Ridgid stapler are, it is superior! Every detail seems to have been carefully thought out with it, fit/finish is superb, no jambs (yet!), tons of power, just as light as the Bostich, and it has a lifetime parts/service warranty! I suggest you steer clear of the Bostitch SX150K, and look at the Ridgid instead. (Check on eBay, I got my for $59.99 + $9.99 S/H!)
I bought this stapler to replace an old Atro stapler and was very disappointed with it. While it is better than my old stapler in some respects, the bostitch  line has not kept up with the competition. First  problem with it was the fact that even on it deepest setting it would only drive a staple about 1/32  below the wood and often only flush, I had to use a nail set to sink to thing. You also have no idea how many staples are left or what size they are. A better window would help and is easy to do. Plus a lot of miss fires happen. This tool caused a lot of blemishes on my work and had to be shelved, and used only for background work. I bought the Hitachi stapler, and it's a world of differences. Very smooth operation, good depth of drive, and a nice window to see the remaining staples. And that's using the Boxes of Bostitch staples I had bought for the Bostitch gun.
This worked just ok with a primer, it was very splotchy and the coating had speckles all over it that required sanding down - the result was not a smooth service. Then when we moved on to an acrylic latex the Critter was unusable. It clogged up within two minutes of use, to the point where I was constantly taking it apart for cleaning just to get through the job. This was after cutting it with water several times to try and get it to work correctly.Cannot recommend.
Received it fast and on time, packaged well. The push button switch works well, but the on/off switch doesn't stay in the on/off position.
I trusted the great reviews of this but I'm not a fan. The on button is very small and mine won't stay on. I have small hands and still, the tiny button is hard to turn on.
The first bulb I used and wrote the review on worked.  The second one I tried to use... didn't.  The filament was already broken.  by that time I had tossed the packaging so I couldn't really return it.  Beware buying bulbs online is the message here I guess.ORIGINAL 5 REVIEW:Bright light.  What more can I say?  These were for 6' floor lamps that could take up to 150 watts.  The bulb is larger than a standard 60 or 100 watt.  I could see the top of the bulb poking out from the top of the lamp shade.  That may be a drawback for some.  Some lamps may not fit this larger bulb... so take that into account.
My torchiere light burned out and I was trying to replace it.  I measured it faithfully and the bulb I had was nearly 4 3/4 inches... I matched it with the closest measurement I could find on amazon and purchased three bulbs.  Unfortunately I have no idea where the measurements on the page came from because the bulb itself was barely over 3 inches... despite it saying 4+ on the page.  So I'm off to shop locally where I can SEE what I'm buying and know in advance if it will fit or not..
Extremely light. And very small... i didn't had to buy those for a long time and forgot to look at the dimensions. my old one is 10mm in diameter and have a good 'feel' because of the weight, this one is 7mm and you can barely feel it in your hand.Also the included blade is very dull. required some sharpening before it became fun. really not worth the price. get a Chinese brand and be happy, as these are pretty much it.
The product arrived tightly rolled, which made for a small package, After unrolling, the plastic's memory made it want to return to its rolled-up state. I laid it on the floor with weights on it for two weeks, but it kept wanting to curl slightly after I removed the weights. It has now been lying "flat" on the floor for a month but still refuses to lie completely flat, creating a trip hazard, which is in complete antithesis of its intended purpose. Nice prototype, but not ready for "prime time."Following up after six months of use: The product still has enough retained memory from being would in its package that it still refuses to lie absolutely flat on the ground, creating exactly the trip hazard it was supposed to eliminate!One year follow-up: The track has lost most of its memory, and lies fairly flat. However, it still lifts enough that it can represent a trip hazard if one is not careful when walking around it.
It's fine except it doesn't lay flat, leaving the possibility of somebody tripping on it.  Kind of the point of the product ....
i have had this panasonic drill now for about 2 years. in 6 months one battery would no longer take a charge. replacement bateries are quite expensive.the drill will only work ofr me on lighter materials, it does not have the power to go thru 2 inches of oak, or 1/8 inch steel without stalling out.the chuck does not grab the bits well, they spin inside the chuck under moderate loading.i have seen this same drill at orchard under the craftsman name for a little less money.i would have sent the drill back to amazon but you do not find many of these things out until too late.the second battery would not take a charge after 8 months.i would estimate that each battery went thru 60 charge cycles before biting the dust.my feeling is that they should like a computer printer nearly give these away on the assumption that they will make their money back on selling the replacement batteries.the drill is small and lightweight and that alone should tell the story that the drill is meant for the very casual small-time user.