Good simple projects to start you using the Kreg tool for joints. The book can take into the shop where you don't want to take a computer or tablet.
From reading all the glowing reviews here, I thought this book would have more, and better plans. Most of this stuff seems to be outdated, and just plain dull. The bookcase I am extremely disappointed with. The one that comes with the Kreg Jig is better in my opinion. Still this book teaches you about pocket holes, and where they should be placed, etc, so for that I'd say it's worth it. Just add your own imagination to some of these plans, and you will be fine. Isn't that what woodworking is all about anyways?Most of the book focuses on the Kreg Jig, but there are a couple different ones, including homemade. If you have just bought a Kreg Jig, and are new to pocket holes, this book is a great companion. I have not really found to many pocket hole books around, and most woodworkers seem to be prejudiced against pocket holes. I guess the purists do not like them for some reason, as they would rather wait for days for glue up's etc. The Kreg Jig makes one of the tightest joints I've ever seen, and makes most work fast, as glue really isn't even necessary, although I still use a bit.
this is not a standard size bulb, it is smaller and did not fit my application....the picture should be scaled or at least next to something to compare
The bulbs came all in one small ziplock bag, with no markings of any kind on the bulbs or anywhere else. So far the one I plugged in is working, but it is hard to tell if it is 20w or 10w...Good price, so it's worth a try I guess.
From my experience with other LED lights (especially from IKEA) I expected this light to be much brighter.It only slightly helps out with the dim corner I needed the light in to begin with, but not enough.  I practically put the light right on top of my book to see, which means that I have to bob & weave to see some of the words. It's like I'm boxing my books, not fun.Be warned, it works fine, just not very bright.
Nice and handy light. There is something wrong with the switch, keeps on flicking. Bad contact? Otherwise, very good for my computer desk.
As many reviews have mentioned, there's a major flaw with the switch.Although we shouldn't have to get to this point, it is such a nice lamp, so I chose to fix it, rather than to just return it, or chuck it!Go to any good hardware store, and pick up an 'in-line" switch [looks almost identical to the flawed one]. First, disconnect from the power source [the wall outlet].... get a pair of pliers, and crack open the old switch, as if you were cracking open a walnut....... remove the old switch, and replace with the new one!Simple as that. If you've never tried it before, than, HEY!! ...here's a new adventure waiting for you. You won't even need to cut any wires, as the original cut wire will be attached to the new switch in a similar fashion. If you're uncertain, than crack it open, and check it out before buying that new switch.The whole job should take no more than 15-20 min max!!
I have to agree with many of the other reviewers who like this router for its smoothness, power,and low noise level. The grips are great, it plunges nicely, and the quality of materials seems top rate. However, my experience with this router has revealed two flaws that greatly detract from what would otherwise be a truly fine machine. While these flaws are not necessarily deal-breakers, those of you who are considering buying this tool may want to be aware of them.First, as another reviewer has pointed out, it is impossible to accurately center template guides within the base plate. The user must screw the template guide holder into the baseplate, and since the holder does not precisely register into the baseplate, it is thus extremely difficult to accurately center the guides. If you use template guides and require even a moderate degree of accuracy, this flaw is a deal-breaker. Do not buy this router. On the other hand, if you never use template guides or plan on parking this baby in a router table, you'll have no problems. This would be a fine router for those purposes.The other problem is another quality/design issue that can be remedied but is a moderate annoyance. On my machine, the release/locking lever for the plunge mechanism came loose on several occassions, making it impossible to plunge and lock the router at a desired depth. There is a small set screw in the lever mechanism that works loose and has to be constantly  tightened and adjusted. This problem is not an isolated incident as it also has occured with two other cabinetmakers and their identical routers in my shop. In the end, having tired of constantly fiddling with our machines, the three of us adjusted the mechanisms as best we could, applied Lock-Tite to the set screws, and hoped we did it right because there would be no way to disassemble the levers once the Lock-Tite cured. Fortunately, the fix worked fine, and all three of us are happily using our machines without any problems. Again, not a deal-breaker and the problem was fixed, but this seems unnecessary for a $200 router.The other router to consider in this price range is the DeWalt DW625 3 HP plunge router. Though it has more power than the PC 8529, it is the same size and weight. It's also variable speed and would be great in a router table. I've never been a huge DeWalt fan (many of their products seem overrated and overpriced), this seems to be an excellent machine. Several of the guys in my shop own them and use them for the dual purposes of plunge operations as well as major hogging through lots of material (the extra hp makes a big difference). Add it to your list of possibilities.
My local HD (central mass) has just cut the price on this exact set to $5.00!That's pretty hard to pass up.They're not great template guides, but for $5.00, they're certainly good enough to have on hand as backups or for times when you're using more than one router on a  project.
I have no idea why Porter-Cable doesn't include one of these with the their 75xx series routers. I admit that the big routers would overpower most really delicate bits, but there are too many bits that are almost impossible to find in 1/2" size. Since my 7518 is the router in my router table, this collet is an absolute requirement.Enough complaining. The good news is that the 1/4" collet is inexpensive and easily available. It works perfectly, of course, and is as solidly built as you would expect from a Porter-Cable professional tool. It also fits the 6xx series routers, in case you misplace one. So if you are like me and have four routers, you need one for backup in any case
This is a great collet, but I am giving it three stars only because I had to purchase it to begin with.  I bought a top of the line Porter Cable router which came with a 1/4&#34; and a 1/2&#34; collet, but the 1/4&#34; collet was defective and didn't even fit a 1/4&#34; bit! So I had to go spend an additional $20 to get this thing because the quality control was nonexistent on the router I purchased.
This is an important item to have with a plunge router. This one works OK but its a little flimsy. The adjustments for in and out work well. The bracket that guides it along the edge of your work is weak, thin sheet metal and it bends out of shape easity. I added a strip of 3/4&#34; wide 6&#34; long aluminum bar stock to the edge to strengthen it up and provide a single linear surface for smoother operation on smaller stock.
I have the PC 892 router. The Edge Guide I received doesn't mention the 892. There is a new "42690" (Why PC uses the same model number is beyond me).  The new version packaging does list the 892,893 routers and has a circle cutting attachment.  (see Porter Cable website)  The packaging is completely different in that it lists the other routers and the circle guide.  Beware of what you get, I WANT THE NEWEST IF I'M SPENDING THE MONEY FOR IT;  NOT THE "CLEAN-UP BOY", GETTING RID OF OLD STOCK.  Just time wasted, I sent it back and have to order from someone else.
I purchased this product with a new router hoping that it would provide a simpler, more portable and less expensive solution than a table mount for working around edges. I've been disappointed in two ways. First, the mounting is not nearly as positive as I would hope. Even with the screws firmly affixed, there is still a small amount of play between the guide and the router. This does not inspire confidence, and creates accuracy problems when using the guide fully extended. There's really no excuse for this, it's just poor QA. While you might expect some play from generic stuff, a brand-new Porter-Cable brand attachment ought to fit a brand-new Porter-Cable router snugly. Aside from the attachment interface, the quality of this attachment is very good, and the design thoughtful. Functionally, it has some limitations, which is my second qualm. I've found that the relatively small contact surface makes it difficult to keep this running flat again smaller stock, especially anything rougher. The contact surface thoughtfully includes holes for screwing in a board or a plastic block in order to make this surface larger, but this still won't help you with thiner pieces of work. If you are trying to rout both edges it is a real challenge to keep this small guide surface from riding up and ruining your work. Now, this really shouldn't shock anyone, I am describing a scenario where a table-mounted router is obviously the right tool for the job. But if you are hoping that this can give you router table functionality in an inexpensive package that you can easily carry with you, be aware that this is not the case.Overall this tool is great for certain applications, especially any work you need to do in place, where a router table is not an option. It's a good design overall, and rate as a 4-star tool by me if not for the play in the attachment interface.  I'd suggest potential buyers think about what they intend to use this attachment for. Personally I wish I'd saved my money for a bench-top table mount, but I can imagine others who would find this tool invaluable, especially if you do most of your routing on a jobsite instead of in a workshop.
I'm going to take the contrarian view on this edge guide. I'm pretty much a gadget freak, and this guides combination of sturdy construction, lockability, and fine adjustment won me over enough to buy one for my 690. On use, I found it is a mixed blessing.I have a pretty solid router table setup, so by primary use for this kind of widget is on wood pieces that simply can't be worked that way, i.e., edging tabletops. What I found is that the guide takes my 690, which serves as my simple lightweight hand tool, and makes it a bit awkward and weighty. Admittedly it is more accurate once set up, but so is my older, far less flashy edge guide once I get it set up. Think of it as one step forward, two steps back.And the real truth is that relying on a heavy aluminum straight edge guide or using bits with standoff bearings really does everything I need. A lot of your reaction to this guide will be determined by how you work. For me, nearsighted and chubby, it forces me to far back from the edge to feel comfortable. Someone who is comfortable working a router from the side might think this is the cat's pajamas.Which brings up my final point. Don't assume that, just because a tool is cool or feature heavy that it will work for you. Take the time to think about how you work and if it will fit in. Too often something I thought was going to be utterly wonderful wound up living on the top shelf.
Fact is I need this thing. It fits my PC circular saw great. It's very light weight and long enough to not get in the way when ripping sheet goods. I have it connected to my shop vac and it does a good job collecting the stuff that would otherwise be flying through the air. But step back for a minute. It's just a plastic hose. The same stuff you can by a HD for 50 cents a foot. Ah, but the stuff at HD is not the right diameter. Gotcha. Man I wish some of this dust collection stuff would be more standard. PC is a 1&quot; end, my miter saw is 2&quot;, my vacuum accessories are 1 1/4, my band saw is 2 1/2. You get the picture. I've got a drawer full of adapters. This fits the bill but they know you can't go out and buy it elsewhere. Shame.
I like how flexible the hose is but it only works for veryfine light loads like  dust from a palm sander. If you connect it to your router etc. for freehand work it will  1. loses most of it vacumm due to the small hose.  2. it'll plug up due to the small hose.Buy the adapters for your tools but convert them to a slightly bigger flexible hose e.g. 1 1/2&quot; size flex.  Also this hose is not designed to be cut shorter ( 5 feet) to improve it efficency.  The fittings on the end are part of the hose.
While the motor and blade assembly of this tool seem to be up to Porter Cable standards, I'm disapointed in the sole plate of this saw.  It is flimsy and not very accurate.  So sloppy, in fact, after you adjust the depth of cut you better check to see if the sole is still square to the blade.  Oh, and the set screw used to square the sole to the blade when the saw is set to max. depth of cut ... I tried to adjust it and the thing fell out in my hand.  By the looks of it, PC didn't bother to thread the hole.  They just forced this screw in a few turns, which means you can't back the screw out because it becomes immediately loose.  Shoddy.  I wish I looked more closely at some of the small cordless options that are out there now.
I really wanted to like this saw, but ultimately, it is too cumbersome for my taste.  Basically, this is an old fashioned tool that has its merits, but could benefit from modernization.Cons:-Offset from left side of shoe to the blade is ~3 9/16", making using a straight edge saw guide not the easiest.-My saw arrived with a miscalibrated bevel indicator such that the 0 degree bevel setting was not in fact perfectly square with the blade.-No spindle lock to change the blade -- you have to manually immobilize the blade.-Knurled knobs for depth of cut and bevel adjustments are difficult to adjust and fall off if you unscrew too far.-Motor feels a little bit underpowered and takes a while to get up to speed.-No case.-Worm drive requires checking and maintaining oil level.-Expensive for its lack of modern features.Pros:-Stiff and stable shoe plate that is adequately sized for good support.-Very durable.-Fairly light weight and nimble.-Worm drive provides lots of torque.-Classic tool.
I have a lot of Porter-Cable tools, my dad has them too. Therefore I thought this would be a good inexpensive sander.It's heavy which is good, it tracks well which is good, I like variable speed... BUT!It's not balanced well. Left unto it's own weight it will favor one side over the other and sand unevenly unless you get a feel for which side needs a little more pressure. Use finer paper and take it easy. I started to develope a feel for it but never really enjoyed using it.I now use a very old Porter-Cable 504 given to me by my dad. It's been a joy to use! $500+ new gulp! Mine's old, has been serviced and will live on.If I were looking for a belt sander and didn't want the 504 due to preference, price, or going the used route, and I were trying to get something good within reason, I'd try a higher end PC or check another brand. I think DeWalt, or Bosch have settled those balance issues. You can feel it in your hands and hold it gently on a flat surface get an idea as to what may stay flat when the power is on.
The good news is that I owned a PC352VS for 14 years and it served me well.  I bought another one last week after the bearings on the front pulley failed on old faithful...not bad after 14 years.  The bad news is that the new model DOES NOT provide a connection to a shop vacuum as did the old model.  The dust collection bag is absolutely worthless.  My shop and lungs were rife with dust after 10 minutes of use.  The port happens to be exactly the same size 1 3/8" OD as your typical shop vac...1 3/8" OD.  This is, in my opinion, a terrible design flaw by PC.  I did find a solution however that I will share with you.  I bought a 1 1/2" PVC pipe coupling which has an inside diameter just shy of the 1 3/8" OD of the PC and my 1 1/2" shop Fein shop vac.  I used a Forstner 1 3/8" bit on my drill press and bored the ID a bit bigger on the PVC coupling.  Voila, a nice connection which cost about 73 cents.  I gave the new model only three stars for two reasons...first, this real design flaw and second because my PC Customer Service email asking for a recommended solution or adaptor went unanswered...never have heard back from Porter Cable.
My Bosch belt sander finally died after many, many planks and they discontinued that model. So I was in the market for a new sander. I looked at the Makita, DeWalt, and the PC one. On the recommendation of a trusted woodworking magazine as well as my thin wallet, I got this. All I can say is it's OK. The PC brand is not what it was, thanks to Black & Decker trying to compete with the Tool Shop brands. This might be my last PC purchase.Few issues with it:* Pushing the sander against the board will cause it to slow because it simply feels under powered.* Sparks will fly if the belt is not perfectly aligned with the wheels (didn't happen with the Bosch).* Dust collection is PC specific and does not fit regular vacuum adapters.The last point is the one that grates on me most. To fix it, I sanded down the little ridge that is meant to hold the bag clip in place and was able to use my normal vacuum hose adapter. It made a big difference. I sand epoxy, oil-based wood, and paint, and the last thing I need is this stuff flying around my shop. Yes, I wear full protection but it's not perfect and I still have to wipe all the dust down.The good news is it feels good in the hands. It's sturdy, made of metal, and doesn't feel like the cheap stuff that PC has become over the last few years as assembly's moved offshore into cheap components. It sands straight and parallel with the work surface and doesn't run off when the button's hit unlike my other sander. I am not sure I would buy this again but it's difficult to justify the extra $70 - $100 for the other models. I'd probably look at the DeWalt if I could have a do over.
I replaced my old Craftsman belt sander after 15 years (wasn't broken, just wanted something newer and "better" before the old one broke at an inconvenient time) and thought P-C was the way to go without breaking the bank.  Dust collection sounded cool, too, since my old unit spewed sawdust everywhere.  The P-C is nice in that belt changes are easier, the variable speed control is handy, and the unit has a solid feel.  It is a bit quieter than the old Craftsman.  While the bag does catch some dust it's still a messy tool (I haven't hooked it up to my shop vacuum yet--I'm hoping for dramatic improvement and will update my review to 4 stars if that works well).  I've been spoiled by other old tool upgrades where the new outperforms the old by soooo much, so I was underwhelmed in this case.  Doesn't mean it's a bad tool, but just don't expect miracles.
I bought a ridgid 3x18 belt sander, it was all plastic and got way hot when using.  But it did remove a lot of material and quickly.  That's why I bought a belt sander after all.  I took the ridgid back to HD because I ran into a guy that said PC makes awesome belt sanders.  HD didn't want to take the ridgid back but after some talking they finally did.  It was within the 90 day trial written on the box.This PC is heavier and more solidly built.  The housing is aluminum which I like.  The dust bag didn't work at all for me, at all.  I've used it on a deck surface and even though it has 1.x more amps than the ridgid it feels weaker.  It road nice in my hand.  Once I use it for the bed project I'm working on I'll have more to say but for now.  It's getting 3 stars for not being the striper that I wanted.That's why you buy a belt sander, for fast removal.
I've owned this sander for a couple years, but not being a big fan of belt sanders it has spent much of that time wishing I would notice it. Sporadic use made me feel that it was a worthwhile addition to the toolset, but it wasn't really tested until recently. Retired now, I volunteered to install an unfinished red oak floor in my son's family room, and having the time I decided to use the PC 362VSK for the sanding phase. I consider this a serious use of a belt sander. Here are my thoughts so far:The tool is heavy (as we all know), so its weight (combined with the proper belt grit) provides the necessary "pushing down" force. Belt change is easy. Belt tracking is also easy to set and even if tracking wanders (not often) the easily-accessible knob makes it a non-issue. The balance seems to be good. After doing the entire floor (3 grits) it was still going strong.Now for the negative, no stars (not even a glimmer) ratings: the dust collection is pathetic. That useless bag sticking up there getting in the way, coupled to the tool with an ineffective ball thingy that's difficult to use (and has no seal) is..well...pathetic. The dust bag will eventually fill, but this is purely coincidental...not to be confused with a dust collection system that actually works. And as far as I can see the port isn't designed to be connected to a separate vacuum...I duct-taped the hose of my Fein vac to the port and that worked well, but c'mon...duct tape?? (BTW if you take this route also tape the power cord to the vac hose making it essentially one unit...much easier to manage).The other major issue is the sanding shoe...it warps, as another reviewer reported. Mine became convex, so the sander "rolled around" on the platen digging in and not sanding flat. Some time ago I had purchased some carbon impregnated fabric from Woodworker's Supply that was designed to be used on sander platens, so I took the metal shoe off, fitted a piece of this stuff to the cork shoe, and it worked fine. I wouldn't recommend this machine until PC includes the carbon shoe as standard. If you do buy it get the carbon shoe at the same time and send the metal one to PC with some appropriate suggestion as to what they might do with it.This tool can do the job, but out of the box I don't consider it ready for a serious sanding project. You have to figure out how to deal with dust collection because Porter Cable hasn't, and you have to get rid of the metal shoe. It's probably one of the best 4x24s out there apart from these issues, but if mine ever goes to the boneyard I'll be tempted to try the Bosch.
My experience with this machine is the large sanding pad is very useful.  The profile pads fall off easily and are more trouble than they are worth.  If you want it let me know.
I'm now on my third pad. Granted I use the sander frequently and it is over 6 years old. Bottom line the sander has exceeded my expectations and keeps on going (bit noisier now than new) but the velcro stops working on the pad requiring replacement. Good that PC offers a replacement. Hopefully they continue to do so as I noticed they updated the design of the 5" H&L random orbit.
Almost, it's about a fraction of an mm off. Why does PC do that with different pads on various 5" models? Doesn't make any sense, they all should be interchangeable. This is like Milwaukee batteries.In any case, enlarging the holes just a little will make it fit nicely on the 343. I notice the backing is a plastic plate on the replacement where the original was aluminum. Seems like if the pads needed to be replaced every few months, it doesn't matter. So couple of pad replacements is about the original cost of the PC unit. And for the cost of the pad alone you could buy the Harbor Freight 5" ROS on sale and throw it away every year or so. Maybe I'll just have couple of HFs around as spares - cheap enough.When my original pad on the PC worn out I used hot glue as an emergency while the replacement was in transit. Hot glue seems to work ok, glue comes off nicely too when changing papers. Excellent sander, not so good pad.
Like most things that are labeled as being "universal replacements" it's a compromise.  I hook up a dust collector to the port on my ROS and keep dust in the shop to a minimum. I needed a replacement pad for my 333 and this one does the job.  But it doesn't let dust or air flow through the slots as easily (resistance wise) as the original.  When it wears out I probably will just toss the ROS.Jim
I used to use a Bosch in a cabinet shop that I loved using.Since I have a lot of Porter-cable tools so when PC came out with this I thought it was going to be more like a gray version of the Bosch I loved with improvements. Since everyone is in competition with each other it must be so.When I had to change my first blade I was in horror. I think I have it down now but boy is it still a royal pain. I dread blade changes but I'm getting better at it. Maybe my fingers are just getting increadibly strong.It has a lot of power and looks great.Dust blower, nice feature, blows dust directly in front of the line you're trying to cut on.If I have to start using this more I might sell it on ebay and get a new Bosch.
I've owned and used the Porter Cable 9543 for over two years now.  It's built with typical Porter Cable attention to detail; fit and finish are nice; ergonomics are excellent.  The adjustment screw for tilting the baseplate is an especially nice touch--you pull it out and rotate it 90 degrees. It gives you that extra leverage but in a package that, when finished adjusting, springs back into a tube that parallels the motor housing.  Nice touch.  The motor is suitably strong, speed control is good.  Overall, nice features, good quality.I have two gripes about the saw, however.  The blower doesn't do a thing, from what I can see.  Put the switch on or off, and as previous reviewers have noted, it's a sawdust storm.  Since most of my work is outdoors, this isn't that big a deal, but if I was to use the saw indoors for finish work, I'd look seriously at the Bosch jigsaw which most finish carpenters seem to flock to.  Another gripe is the blade change mechanism.  Make no mistake, once you figure it out, it makes sense, but if you get this saw, take it home and for gosh sakes try changing the blades a few times.  Big tip to save you frustration:  The blade change mechanism is a simple spring loaded butterfly you press with two fingers to allow a blade to be removed or inserted.  Squeeze it together and it allows you to insert or remove the blade.  However:  it will only work when the shaft is at the BOTTOM of its travel.  If the shaft is in the upstroke position, the blade guard will block access to the butterfly.  So, step one is to remember:  When you need to change blades, eyeball the shaft and make sure it's at the BOTTOM of its stroke, before you unplug for the blade change.  Step Two:  Porter Cable has wisely installed a vertical slot the blade rides in to center the stroke.  When you remove the blade, make sure you pull the blade backwards (towards the slot).  Do these two steps and the blade is actually very easy to remove.  Don't do them and you'll cuss this jigsaw.It's a good saw, but one reviewer stated they use it in lieu of their circular saw sometimes for general cutting work.  I work primarily in pressure treated wood and call tell you, without hesitation, that doesn't work.  It's only a 6 amp saw and PT flat out requires some force to get the saw through the wood, even with new blades.  A circular saw just eats it up when it comes to general sawing.  Save the jigsaw for the curve cuts, only when you need it.A good overall saw, best suited for outdoor work and one that does require some time investment in understanding it's unique blade change system.
Ergonomics are not at good at the 309 (that gave up the ghost after close to 30 years), the cord and switch are oddly placed, to it always feels a little irritating to use and set up.  On the plus side the threaded depth adjuster is nice an easy to get used to.... please bring back the 309....
The power is therethe weight and balance is nice as well.but the collet always seemed to come loose messing with the depth of my bit and ruining a window frame or two.in doing so i had to remove all of the trim.replace all of the damaged peices from the router.then re assemble it and fill the nail holes from the first time.Id recommend the bosch palm router its quite nice and has a work light on one of the models.
I have used a few laminate trimmers, and this one falls into the &quot;just another&quot; category.  It is well balanced and well priced for the industrial market.  If you are a home shop, just use one of your  routers that you currently own with a laminate bit.PROS**  Lightweight** Well Balanced** Long cordCONS** High price (for  home shops)** Just a square base.
Years back I bought the same thing, it is made with beech wood and more solid. When that batch ran out, I order the same thing,use it last night, I found it is made of lower grade wood and very easy to break. Porter cable is not making quality product as it used to be.
The biscuits fit the slots and hold wood together well.  That is neither extraordinary nor unsatisfactory - the product performs as expected.
I thought about changing over to the new LED lens Dewalt is selling for their goose next light.  These bulbs break pretty easy if you drop the light.  But while they are working they do well.  I like the light but hate the cost of the bulbs.  Maybe next time I will change to the LED replacement.Charles
A little pricey for two crappy bulbs that die when you slightly drop your flash light. I love the Ryobi flashlights (have two), so I'll deal with the darn bulbs! Fine, take my money!
This replaced the original bulb perfectly.  I'll get another when the time comes.  I wish the package lent itself to better protection.
The main flaw with this light would have been trivial in the recent past. Compared to other ways of providing light, even DeWalt ways, this is not an effective solution.I bought this to have a working light that also used the 18v power packs from my various DeWalt 18v tools. So far so good. But it really burns some power, it gets quite warm and the light doesn't last as long and isn't as bright as you would hope.I also have the DeWalt DC527 fluorescent light, it provides a much better working light, lasts longer and is easier to use to get light on your work. By comparison to the DC527 this is an uneven and yellowish light.This is more compact than the DC527 though, and it provides better range, fluorescent provides more white light, but only at limited range.
This flashlight works well for what I need. It is very bright. The pivoting head is handy. If you look at plastic flashlights most are way less expensive than this one. The switch is poor quality and only lasts about 10 months of daily use.
Product works as advertised but  the run-down test on a new Lithium battery was a bit disappointing.  With frequent power outages, I want a light that will last a long time.  I turned around and purchased the LED bulb kit and resolved this as an issue.The provided bulb's brightness was mildly disappointing.  The LED is brighter but does not throw as wide a beam.But if you add the cost of the floodlight ($35) + LED kit ($25) , it's a bit pricey.
I am using this lamp a lot. It is actually practical and flexible.But is is also sometimes frustrating because it tips over.luckily it is rather rugged and i have not broken it yet!Very good value for the price.
Has good light output. These days you'd think they would go with an LED or offer an LED kit to go easy on the battery.The flexible shaft is a bit too flexible and loses it's position unless time is taken to position and balance it just so. If not, it loses it's balance as the light sags and falls over. The problem is worse with the smaller and lighter batteries like the lithium Ion's.
Good light for when you have to turn off the electricity to work on a circuit.  Not bright enough. Wish it was made with white led's instead of a flashlight bulb.
I bought these with the saw, but they are to short to support much.  I don't think they are worth the price.  I think that a seperate outfeed roller would work better.
this seems fairly decent but not well executed - needs some sort of retainerit doesn't stay in place when you move the saw (have a handfull of small bungees handy)alignment isn't critical to it's use, but it would be nice if there were some way to adjust it!
Based on DeWalt's equipment site which listed the DW7441 as an accessory for the DW745 job saw I ordered this support kit.  It arrived on the promised date and I immediately set about installing it on my saw...NOT!!  As is the case with most DeWalt products this support system was beefy, well made and promised to do a great job....on someone else's saw.  It will not fit on a DW745 and can not be modified to do so.  I contacted DeWalt support personnel and they admitted their site was wrong and the kit will only work on a DW744.  If you have a 744 this would be a great addition.
I picked this up on an Amazon lightning deal for $340.00 including tax and shipping. Had it not been for that I don't think I would have paid the $500.00 or so that they are asking retail. This saw operates smoothly enough and the blades are easy to change and tension, all the controls being right there on the top arm. I haven't had any issues with the speed control so far as some have had.The table top, as many have complained, is somewhat roughly milled, making it more difficult to rotate pieces while your scroll cutting. Fortunately, I have an 18&#34; wide belt sander which I ran the top through with 120 and 220 grit to make it smooth. That along with some paste wax and she's perfect. The table top is not parallel to the surface of my work bench. It's about 5/8&#34; or so inch higher on one side, after adjusting the top square to the blade, which others have complained causes the blade to hit the inside of the throat opening. Mine wasn't far enough off to cause that , although it's far enough off level to make the tilt gauge pointer ineffective, which I don't really see as a problem since I'll probably never be tilting the table and if I do I would never rely on the accuracy of it anyway with out checking the angles with a tilt gauge and making test cuts. For the kind of money that they want retail for one of these, one shouldn't have to deal with any of the quality issues that are present. So far, for me this has been a good value since I don't use a scroll saw much and I didn't want to spend the the hundreds and hundreds more for an Excaliber, Hegner, Rbi hawk, etc. , but didn't want a $75.00 to $175.00 Taiwanese one either. This is a good middle of the road saw if you can get it cheap like I did.
this a first class saw,and is a lot of saw for first timers. i used delta 24 in for 15 yrs. gave it to my son. i needed a scrollsaw ----did the save money bit-----2saws  in 3 days. there is a lot of junk out there,believe me..  i had read a lot on new saws,but money is limited.this saw will do anything you want a scroll saw to do ,plus.and the amazon price was right. extremely ,quiet, and extremely smooth. it is mounted on very large work bench.. i use a bench light.  i have over 20 hours on the saw since i got it on 14 jan. do lot of 3-d cutting. saw never stalls. saw blades are easy to change . all adjustments eye level. arm moves up  to for easy blade through wood when needed.  so all said, see me in 6months  .  well its been less than 60 days and 567.dollars and it was shipped to atlanta for REPAIR.shipped 15 march,called19 march,we will get fixed 8to 10 days. by the way i had to pay the shipping of 24 dollars to ship it there.............saw sounded like an abrahams tank on concrete. well here it is 31 march no saw, no word on my 567 dollar saw. atlanta said they do not notify you if and when they ship it. NEVER ,NEVER,AND NEVER AGAIN ,will i buy such and expensive ep. from a 3rd party.  what ever happened to the great american product? amazon should not do bussiness with fly by night outfit as dewalt; sorry amazon but to say it nicely-----------------------567.00 dollaars is not CHUMP CHANGE. AM WAITING FOR MY SAW 31 march2013.
DeWalt made this stand to hold their DW788 scroll saw. The saw works great but I have not had it all that long. The stand is ok, but could have been made better. I hate &#34;open&#34; style stands for stationary tools, this stand is going to need a sheet of plywood and a couple of drawer assemblies to hold extra blades, and other small tools. The problem with this stand at almost 70 bucks it is bare bones, your getting stamped steel painted black with no directions included. I just think with a little thought DeWalt could of made this stand with an enclosure not wasting all that space under the saw. Its just ok.
Not packed badly, but the product arrived scratched in numerous places and dented in a few areas. I decided to keep it and just painted over the scratches with black spraypaint and then coated it all over with a high gloss protectant. There is no way a product should be shipped looking like this one did. It was obvious that it was already damaged before it was packed and mailed! The stand seems sturdy enough, but I am still waiting on the saw to arrive to check fitment and utility.  Also, MADE IN CHINA.
Overall, this is an "ok" stand - it does the job of holding your scroll saw down and in place.Why just an "ok" on the comment?  It certainly leaves a lot to be desired, and a few minor modifications could make this a great stand, as follows:* This is fairly lightweight metal, and you feel as if a good "bump" from something could make it move.  I don't really want the scroll saw to move unless I am trying to work with another tool in my smaller shop.  A heavier duty grade or thickness of metal may or may not be a psychological thing.* Speaking of moving the scroll saw, for those of us with a limited amount of space, and moving tools around as you go from project to project or the various stages projects go from inception to completion, it would be nice if you could put casters on the bottom of the thing without having to drill your own holes into the metal.  That's not a contradiction to my first bullet point above as I would put on locking casters to keep it stationary.* The stand is put together with  inch bolts, and assembly in the upper rear part of the stand is about as tight as it gets - be prepared to pull out your wrenches as a normal-size socket set interferes with other portions of the assembly.  While not hard to do, it is a pain in the neck only being able to turn to tighten a little bit at a time over and over and over.
Ok, it matches the rest of the saw and it comes from DeWalt.  It is just a light and frankly any light would work on a stand next to the saw.  The earlier comments are correct that it drops too close to the table and won't stay upright.  The gooseneck on it is very tightly sprung and wants to keep straightening out on you so the way it is designed makes it drop toward the table.  It came with my saw as part of package but personnally I don't use it much since it casts a shadow on the work that is very distracting.  My shop is well lit so don't need it and if I did would probably go with florescent to eliminate the shadow problem.
its simple and works well. the tube holding up the light has trouble handling the weight of CFL bulbs. It does not stay where you put it and sags. Thanks nancy for getting rid of old filament light bulbs. It is great having toxic mercury bulbs in work shops where they get broken alot. It really isnt safe putting CFL bulbs in this product due to mercury poisoning. I have not found an LED that fits the narrow opening yet. The bulb weight is an issue for the tube holding the light fixture. My old filament bulbs have no trouble but you cant get high watt bulbs anymore.I recommend DEWALT stiffen up this product given CFL type bulbs will only be availlable in the future. It simply cant handle the weight of the CFL bulbs.
I have used these for a few years. They are sturdy and do not deflect all that much even with abusive projects like fencing.The big negatives are:1. Hard to adjust due to choice of screws on the base that hold them in place. For some reason, these screws are not knobs or thumb screws. Instead, they are big screws that require a tool  to turn. Why? This is the sort of thing that begs for a knob or at least a thumbscrew.2. This works in conjunction with a length stop attachment. Because thee is clumsiness in setting up this units' support extension, there are issues that are caused on the length stop, too. It all works OK, but it is slower, stickier and more frustrating than it could have been.In any case, if you need/want something like this for the DW, this is your choice and at least it won't break.
Well made clamp but too expensive for what it does. A short bar clamp works just as well and has many other uses than the one function Dewalt.
I lost my original dust bag for my miter saw and had to purchase another one. It performs just like the original. It collects a decent amount of saw dust but expect your work space to be covered in saw dust that isn't caught by the bag. It is easy to empty with the zipper at the back of the bag and it seems to open wider than other dust collection bags on other tools to make emptying it easier.
This thing is a joke compared to what it replaced.  Thin material, much smaller bag, not very easy to completely empty.  Typical cheap Dewalt version.
Looks good on my DW712, but it's effectiveness depends on the orientation. When installed so the DeWalt's logo is right side up, the lower trap portion of the bag is on top (as shown in the 1st pic). In this install, it is difficult for it to hold any saw dust that it picks up. If you invert the logo so that the lower trap area of the bag is down (as shown in the 2nd pic), then it does become much more effective. However at best, I've found it captures only 60-70% of the saw dust.As with my previous slider, I'll have to redesign the OEM's saw dust chute. Increasing the chute area and depth allowed me to captured about 95% of the dust before...we'll see with this DeWalt arrangement.
I have this bag on my DW708 and I have found it works best inverted with a slight tilt . A wider catch inlet would be an improvement .
This saw will cut. We have 5 of them. We cut 3/8" aluminum plate with no problem and have yet to burn one out or break a gear box in 2 years.The draw backs are we have to keep a stock of the arms for the blade guard. They are plastic a keep breaking. If the saw is dropped the cast aluminum arms that hold the base on can break. To fix it the whole gear box housing has to be replaced.
Have been using for couple of weeks now. So far I like it, here is my findings:the good: handling, power, variable speed switch and blower.the bad: cost, blade release mechanism.the ugly: when make orbital cut on thick material &gt;1&quot;, it tends to cut to the left on the bottom.
Dewalt has done it again! Managed to charge more for something that looks and acts identically to other brands' tool.  Yes, its about the same as any other jigsaw (i.e. Bosch &quot;progressor&quot;), but it costs  more.PROS** Clic blade change systemCons** Costs more to  comparable jig saws.** The &quot;feel&quot; just isn't as good as  others.
Overall this an OK sander, it leaves a good finish but has a few shortcomings as well.  The switch is difficult to operate, the dust tends to vibrate off, generates to much noise and vibration for my liking.  The dust collection is only fair and you cant hook up a vaccum without buying an optional adapter.  If you are in the market for a new sander i strongly suggest giving a Random  Orbit a try, they are far superior to a sheet sander.
I've had this Plate Joiner for about 5 years. When I first got it, I thought it was great. It made slots that I could put biscuits in and join stuff. However, the first time I used it to make a critical joint, the major shortcoming showed up. The slots are not parallel to the base. They are a little more parallel when using the fence, but I prefer using the base indexing method.Also, as many other reviewers have noted, the chip ejection chute gets clogged very easily, making it difficult to work cleanly.
My newer routers are DeWalt, so I bought this item to use with them. The thing is mostly plastic, but has some good points, but not nearly as good as the Porter-Cable edge guide. My first use caused me to ruin some very expensive wood, even after testing it first on scrap wood several times. It seemed to work just fine on the scrap, but when I tried it on hardwood, no such luck. I gave it 3 stars, because my technique may have been somewhat at fault. So I'll just give advice to practice using it on hard as well as soft wood before using it on the real thing. Better still, use a router table when precision is needed.
My rating is related with the use and accuracy I will experiment.  I am a wood working begginner and will enjoy this job
I knew this drill would not drive a hole saw, but was surprised that it would not even drive a 3/4" hole through a stud to run CPVC pipe (brand new bit). One reviewer mentioned picking this up at HD for a third of the current list price - I'd keep it if it was that cheap. It is a nice drill, and very compact, though I'm not sure what I'd need it for except for running wires/pipe between studs/joists. For the price, it's going back. To be fair, 3-Amps is not a lot of power, and I guess I should have known better. Northern Tools has a well-rated heavy duty drill for about the same price.
Got this tool yesterday from Lowes. Just ordered the Makita from Amazon. Needless to say I am not thrilled with the DeWalt and will return it tomorrow.I had a Milwaukee close quarter for almost 25 years and loved it. The switch broke and the unit would not reverse anymore. All Lowes had was the DeWalt so I took it. I am installing cabinets and needed something for tight spaces.The unit has a decent ergonomic feel to it, though very different from the Milwaukee I am used to. Has some weight in the hand, but the power seems less than even an 18v cordless, though it did drive some 3.5" screws fairly well. It just sounds like an inexpensive, low end drill.The two main problems? The switch is a strange bird. It is rather impossible to get used to. Change hands or turn the drill and the switch is completely different to grab. The VSR works well, but the switch makes it difficult to find a sweet spot time after time driving small screws from different angles. Plus, put the drill down wrong and off it goes! I tend to always hold a right angle drill upside down to change bits, so no problem in hitting the trigger accidentally. But picking it up wrong, or when changing hands it is very easy to engage to paddle.The second thing is the chuck access for the key. 3 notches cut out of a shroud that surrounds the chuck. You have to line up the key hole with a notch or you cannot put the key in. But trying to turn the chuck by hand to line up the nothces is rather ridiculous because it's hard to get at. A very odd design.Just reading reviews I am sure I will like the Makita better, if nothing else to have a centrally located paddle switch. If the Milwaukee was still made, I would get that hands down. The new Milwaukee has a very large paddle switch that looks like it just has too big a footprint for changing hands and picking up without accidentally engaging it.
I did not read the product description close enough and did not check my tool model specifically-- my fault.  These are Delta 12 inch, and my machine is a lunch box delta 12.5 inch tool. Blades will not fit, however these blades are heavier in thickness and width than my tool.  Kind of wish I had the planer that they would fit&#8230;
I bought this to mount a Delta drill press. It really is too low for this purpose. It is designed for a shorter person I think. If you are 5'7" then the height might be perfect for you, but for a taller person, it will seem way too low. It may be a good height for other things like a band saw. Hard to tell. Anyway, this is the same complaint I had with the Delta Grinder stand that came with the package deal. These products seem to be sized for short people and have no adjustment built in to make them acceptable for taller people. I will probably build a floor platform to raise it up.The next bad surprise was that although the top is loaded with numerous bolt holes for different tools to be mounted to it, there was no set of holes for my Delta benchtop drill press. Very strange! I wound up having to drill my own holes. If it is not compatible with one of their most popular products, then I wouldn't expect it to be compatible with anything. This way you are on notice to expect to have to drill some holes, and if not, then you lucked out.I'm giving this 1 star more than the Delta grinder stand because here I could simply drill more holes, but with the grinder stand, the top plate is way too small for the Delta grinder and I have to fabricate an adaptor plate.The price is too high for what you get, but this was the same complaint I had as well for the grinder stand. I think that Delta makes these for a few dollars (it is only sheet metal and angle iron with some bolts) and the rest is markup so they make a nice profit off the accessories they sell. Nothing wrong with that, but keep it in mind that when you are shopping for a stand, that there may be less expensive options that work just as well if not better than this stand.
Actually,I don't use it for that.1.The chuck has fell off twice.2.It's noisy for a press.3.Good torque.4.Easy to adjust.5.Tends to vibrate to much.6.Nice and heavy.Won't have to worry about your teen walking off with this tool.
I am limited on funds and space, so I thought this drill press mortising attachment would be great.  It's not bad.  First, I like the ease of assembly--just follow the easy to read directions, and ten minutes later you're ready to go.  Set up and adjustment is also a snap.  The problem lies, however, in the quality of the chisels.  I was cutting one inch deep mortises in hard maple.  I started to get tear out after the first five or six.  So, I'd sharpen the chisels (using a diamond cone purchased from Rockler) again and again.  My mortiing chisels hold an edge much longer.The fence is a bit smaller than the fence on stand-alone mortisers, but since I mainly use it for small items, it hasn't become an issue.Nevertheless, the system is easy to use and truth be told, so is sharpening.  For the price, I would purchase it again.  Perhaps as time passes, I will upgrade the chisels.
Once it is set up, it makes great mortises with ease; once it is set up.  While the setup is not difficult, it is time consuming.  For me the plastic storage box is completely useless.  The box is cheap and in order to be  used the mortising attachment must be completely dissasembled.  Also, the  plastic box that came with mine seems to be made for a different version.  The part number I received is 17-924 but  it doesn't resemble the picture  on this page and it doesn't fit the moldings in the box.  It took me about  20 minutes to set up the first time and will probably take about 10 now  that I've done it.  Once set up it was as easy to use as any other drilling  operation.  To Delta's credit the manual was fairly thorough and accurate.
I have to say that this product actually works fine once you get it together, but boy what a lot of difficulty. The pieces  are bent steel, but the bends aren't ninety degrees, really, and this complicates assembly needlessly. I had to grind sloppy welds in a couple places just to get the pieces of wood in place. I bought them because I feel the three wheel design is the best for ease of use, but I wouldn't buy them again. Hopefully, some other company will make a three wheeled base (one foot operation and easier pivoting) without the necessity of drilling so much (20 holes per base and a lot of marking etc.)
The directions are pretty bad, the photos almost useless.  Leveling feet will probably need to be counterbored (not mentioned in the directions).  For my contractor style table saw it works pretty well, but for my 6" jointer it doesn't stay up in the rolling position when you try to move it.  The milling of parts (stamping, actually) is pretty weak too.  The holes in the wood needed to be reamed out several times to get the bolts through, because the holes in the metal brackets don't line up square.  They're useable now, but they took much more time to assemble than I had anticipated.  A few simple fixes and a new set of directions are all that are needed drastically improve the quality of this product.  I'm disappointed.
Should copy the one offered by Rockler.  It has an easily removable jack wheel that can be removed in about 10-15 seconds to get it out of the way and/or used on another mobile base.  This could reduce the overall cost if one needs more than one base.  There could be a little more attention paid to the manufacture so that the holes line up better, and there is a small problem with the bends not allowing it to all be at 90 degrees to the bottom and consequently the when the lumber is inserted, it is not square and plumb to the adjacent piece.  The instructions SUCK, but they shouldn't be needed for any intelligent person.  If you can't put it together without the instructions, you probably should not plug in any of your power tools.
I had this saw for 5 years now and I am somewhat satisfied with it.  I cuts very smoothly and I I love the indents and the wide cutting range of the saw.  That said, the dust bag doesn't really work which everyone knows.  But the thing that really bothered me was the guard.  It uses a ballbearing/cam mechanism in a awkward way and if you use the saw alot, the screw which hold the ballbearing strips out.  I had brought it in for repairs once but it didn't last.  I had to alter the guard mechanism to get it to work properly.  If I had my money back, I would buy a makita 12" sliding compound.  (I used and love that saw)
This review is based on having used this saw, a Makita 13 Amp Sidewinder Circular Saw 5007NBKX4 and the Dewalt 364K 7 1/4 "Sidewinder" Circular saw.The Skil saw, as all the other reviewers have attested, is powerful and, because of its power, rewarding to use. However, it still has its limits. For example, I tried out all three circular saws on very, very GREEN hemlock 1x10 stock. Where there was "reaction wood", the wood tended to clamp closed as quickly as the cut was made. The Makita came to a complete standstill as the wood clamped down on the blade. The dewalt continued to spin, being among the most powerful of the sidewinders, but still could not be pushed through. With the Skil, on the first try, the blade came to a standstill as the engine continued to spin.We tightened the blade.On the next try, the blade squealed like a stuck pig, spinning with more authority than the Dewalt, but still could not produce enough moxy to finish the cut (maybe if the board had been clamped, two of us could have forced the Skil through). All machines have their limits. Despite the other reviews, don't think that this saw will make you invincible.That said, the three stars is for the shoddy shoe on the Skil saw. This is not a quality tool. Until Skil puts some serious thought into improving the shoe, save this saw for the butchering of 2X stock in big crews where production is paramount. The depth is difficult and inexact and the bevel gage is a joke. Worse yet, the shoe tends to warp on these tools (as was the case with the Skil saw I tried). It could not be relied on to make square cuts in our 4x stock.Buy the Dewalt if you are only going to have one saw and can live without the testosterone rush of the Skil saw. The Dewalt has an excellent shoe. It's depth adjustment is easy, accurate and without rival. It's bevel gage is also unrivaled and easy to set and reset. (Accurately setting the bevel on the Skil saw will require a separate tool or jig.) The Dewalt has power *and* refinement.If you are going to have two saws, however, then make the Skil saw your second. You will find a place for both.
The saw itself is a wonderful addition to anyone's arsenal. It is powerful and light enough to use all day without getting fatigued. The adjustments work smoothly and the controls all seem to be in the right place. But...(and it's a huge but), you will really have a hard time finding the right blade for it. In fact you will have a hard time finding any blade for it. It uses a 5 1/2" blade with 1/2" arbor and while finding 5 1/2" blades is difficult enough...finding one with a 1/2" arbor hole is downright impossible!  Even Skill seems to have forgotten about this saw and it's loyal group of followers. They only carry a cheap steel plywood blade and an 18 tooth version of carbide as far as I can tell. You will be able to find blades with 10 millimeters and 3/8" holes or you will find 5 3/8" blades but trying to find a 5 1/2" quality blade 24 tooth (or more) with a 1/2" arbor hole will make you pull your hair out. In the end it's a nice saw but none of that matters when it comes time for your next blade so I'd have to recommend going to Porter Cable and their 6" Saw Boss or down to a cordless 5 3/8" if you don't want to waste days trying to justify your purchase.
The saw is rough with blade installed (no matter who's blade or bushings).  This says bearing problems to me. I contacted Skil and we went through the paces. Skil said it was a bad saw, so don't accept this saw if it runs rough with a blade. It is not supposed to do this.The 30 day return policy is great, and the process with Amazon is very easy.My only problem now, is do I try this saw again, go for another brand, or just keep using my 7-1/4.........not a good spot to be in when you get a lemon.Addendum one:Was looking for another trim saw and came up with the Porter-Cable 345 SawBoss but it turns out it is having the same bearing problem, so don't get your hopes up for this one either.I just may have to spend the big bucks and go with a Makita!!!!!!!!!!!Addendum two:Took a chance and ordered another HD5510 and it runs true.Craftsman used to make a corded 5-1/2", but does not any more, so you arevery limited in your choice options unless you want to pay $300.00 for the Makita.I have upgraded by one star to three, but due to the initial bad saw, can give nohigher rating.
I have  used this saw kit a couple times and it is somewhatcumbersome until one gets used to it. It is a bit expensivefor the limited cuts it can make. It is good for a craftsmanbut to heavy to carry around on a job.  A good miter boxcould be used.
I bought a pack of both these blades as well as a newer style of Bosch blade labeled "Xtra clean for wood" (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GNC8ZU/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img).  The Xtra clean blades cut much more quickly and very cleanly in red oak.  I highly recommend this other style of blade for use in hardwoods.
Not the worst item on the market but far from the best. Can do the job with care, patience and and an even temper. Basically, a mediocre accessory as is the norm for a Chinese product, in  my experience. Expected better from Bosch but apparently quality is no longer a priority with them.
This thing might work for circles fine. However, although it has a dual purpose (circular and straight cuts) I would not recommend this for straight cuts.
As others have said, it's plastic and metal. Although it works ok as a rip fence, I can't figure out how to get this thing to lie flat when trying to use it to cut circles with my Bosch 1587 jig saw. This is the only reason I purchased it...and it doesn't work.
In addition to this router, I also own a Porter Cable 890 router so in my evaluation of this Bosch 1618EVS I compare the Bosch router against the PC.There's much to like with this router.  It's powerful and the soft start and variable speed works very well.  I like the control the D-handle gives me.  I feel much safer starting a router with both hands on the handles than having to let go of one handle to click a toggle switch on the top of the motor.The two major things I don't like about this router are:1.  It's difficult to take the motor out of the base and to put it back in again.  When I received the router, it was obvious that something about the base just doesn't work well.  And if you're like me and take the motor out to change bits, this gets to be a hassle.  If you loosen the clamp bolt sufficiently to allow the motor to come out/go in easily, the base doesn't clamp tightly enough and the depth of your cut changes as you're cutting.After fiddling with the motor and base a while, I found that a small amount of lubrication between the motor and base works wonders - the motor becomes easy to put in and take out.  I need to see if this lubrication becomes a dust magnet and whether it holds up (how often I have to re-lubricate)2.  The other thing I'm not happy about (but this isn't as serious as the first) is the way the fine adjustment works.  On my PC, the fine adjustment is continuous.  That is, I can crank the router completely up or down using the fine adjustment.  The PC has a lever for coarse adjustments, but using it is up to you.  The Bosch has only a limited amount of fine adjustment.  Once you use up the fine adjustment, you have to go back to the coarse adjustment and make a major adjustment up or down, then run the fine adjustment to the other end of the adjustment screw.  You don't hit this all the time, but, when you do, it's a pain in the butt.So why did I buy this router?  The PC 890 series does not come with a D-handle with a power switch.  The PC switch can be activated either on the top of the motor or lower down on the motor so you can switch it on and off without letting go of the handles - but I just wanted a D-handle router for non-router table use.Would I buy it again?  I can't say yet - I need some more time with the router to see if the motor/base problem comes back.I also want to add a SAFETY pitch.  Soft start routers cost a bit more than fixed speed routers but the startup is significantly safer.  If you buy a fixed speed router (non-soft start), you'll be fighting the startup torque every time you use it.  It only takes one time - one little bit of inattention on your part - and the router will jerk out of your hands on startup.  It WILL happen to most woodworkers at least once in their careers.  And for what you spend at the emergency room, you could have bought several soft start routers.
This one is for industrial use and big jobs.  Definitely not for cabinetry or intricate work.  It is just too heavy and clumsy for small work.  For big jobs with alot of eating away to do, this is the most comfortable  sander out there.PROS** Powerful** ComfortableCONS** Clumsy,  dont use for small jobs.** Expensive** Heavy, so dont use for lateral  and overhead work. (use a 3x21)
A decent light-duty sander for the price, it has some problems but also some nice features.I like that the sander hits the right mark on weight. I don't have to press on it at all, nor should one press on a belt sander anyway.I like that it has a 6-foot long power cord. That is about 3 feet longer than on most power tools these days.I like that I can turn the sander upside-down, a very nice feature. Belt changes are simple as is adjusting the belt tracking. There are attachments which can be purchased to enhance the upside-down experience. They are ridiculously expensive. A crafty person can improvise this with various shop equipment (think clamps), thanks to the sander's flat top.Why do I need to use a tool to remove the front handle?The graphite pad, supposedly a feature, self-destructs quickly. Seriously, that pad needs replacement after every hour of sanding. It is the worst aspect of this sander. If you buy this sander, get some pads because you will need them.If you only run the machine for a few minutes at a time, and the pad has a few more minutes to cool between uses, you might get better results.The wobbly variable speed dial feels cheap. I'm not sure it will last long enough to go out of warranty. It took some head-scratching and reading to understand how that dial worked. It is not very well marked and it is confusing to find which mark the hard-to-read numbers are supposed to be set against.As it turns out in use, the numbers mean little since the sander's speed only varies within the just-short-of-fast to way-too-fast range.I use the sander with my Shop-Vac attached so I can't speak for the bag attachment. I am assuming it is an upgraded version since it is nothing like the bag shown in the product photo. With my Shop-Vac, it seems all the dust is sucked up so I do like that. I did notice that the instructions address a different type of dust bag and fitting than was provided with the sander. Not a big deal, but it makes one wonder why Bosch can't be bothered to update their literature.I like the sander. It will work for me as a light duty machine. Just keep your eye on that pad.
Light, almost too light; and relatively quiet.  Not as agressive as I would like, even with 60 grit.  Dust collection bag still obtrusive and tends to spew extra fine dust into ones face if the unit is held at a ninety degree angle.  The angular design makes for a secure fit upside down in a bench vise so one can hand feed smaller pieces for shaping.  I rarely use a belt sanders and then only to hog off amounts to then use the RO sander.Bottom line:  I love Bosh anything so if I had the money I would have spent extra to get a heavier duty machine by Bosch.
The sander on itself is of an okay quality.When sanding plywood however small splinters have the tendency to clog the path the dust has to travel inside the machine before reaching the dust bag. To free up the path I needed to dismantle the machine completely.Also the dust bag is of a rather poor and cheap quality. (Already showing holes)
Bought this after working with a similarly designed model by Ryobi.  Was partly happy with the Ryobi (which had poor dust collection) but it finally died, and the Bosch got much better reviews.  Tried the Makita with self tracking first but the platen pad was too wide, about a half inch on each side of the belt to sand the uneven boards of a deck or get close to a wall.  The makita was very nice and the dust collection was excellent, but I just couldn't bear the design.I had high hopes for the Bosch, and it seemed well made.  Unfortunately the graphite pad wore away in spots in less than a half hour, and finally tore when the belt snagged on it.  At $12 each I think I'll stay away from that trap.  Tried using it without the graphite pad but during the first hour of use with 40 grit belts it clogged three times and could only be cleaned out with compressed air interrupting the whole routine.  Also seemed to go through belts too quickly and was a tiny bit underpowered.  The fein vacuums worked well for this application though.  Overall I don't think anyone has a good enough tool out there yet, and all these models seem to be 10 years old as of 2010.
I am sure it's just me, but I was a little disappointed- if I wanted a copy of a Milwaukee, I would have bought a Makita. The chuck is cheesy (sorry) the cord seems borrowed from a cheap TV, the direction switch feels like it's gonna break each time I use it. Maybe the Milwaukee 3/8 I remember using a while back was an older model. I am sure the essential guts and geabox in this unit are still bulletproof, but the daily details have been neglected and it was this I noticed immediately and unrelentingly. So for another $30 or so I can buy a proper cord and a nice Jacobs chuck and have.. what?
I use this cordless screwdriver at work as a HVAC/refrigeration tech. It works okay. Not as strong as I expected and the battery does not last as long as I expected. I had a Craftsman cordless (made by Black & Decker) before. The battery on that one would last a week with frequent use, this one only lasts a day or two. Maybe there is a better battery available, haven't checked. The old one was more for home use so it did break after just a year or so with what I use it for, this one has a 5 year warranty which is good.
I have two of these screwdrivers that we use for assembly - probably an average of 500 screws a week. The screwdrivers are great, but the batteries quit working after a few months. We have also replaced several chargers. When the chargers go, they overcharge, and ruin a battery. I also have a 14V Milwaukee drill, and the batteries don't last long on it either. Seems like a company that makes such a high quality tool would get it together on the batteries.
Nice saw to have? Maybe.  If this saw was given to you, it would be a great tool to have, but if youare going to buy one, you might want to shop around a little more. As far as mitering goes, it wobbles.  Don't expect to  run any molding with this baby.  And the arm wiggles too much to do any  bevel cuts.  If you are a rough carpenter, this one might be what you are  looking for.  The depth of the cut and width capacity make it great for  postwork.PROS** Depth of cut.** Width of cut.** Compounds AND  bevels both ways.CONS** Arm wobbles.** Hard to keep accurate.**  Doesn't have a very good dust collection system.
Purchased this blade for a DeWalt 12-inch compound miter saw.  Although the blade does a good job on most cuts, I honestly see no difference between this blade and my old Freud blade costing a little over half as much.  I definitely would not spend the additional money for this blade again.
I have purchased this recently and i must say it does a good job of cutting smaller stock and the finish is impressive, but you should condider a thin kerf blade if you are going to cut a lot thick stock.  I have a bosch 4212 mitre saw and going through thick hardwoods the blade bogs down.  The tradeoff with the thin kerf is the extra vibration, but if you are going to cut a lot of thick stock, I would reccomend against this blade.
I too have a Rousseau table which goes a long way in improving this saw. The original fence is terrible and frustrating to use, since it often does not lock in parallel to the blade. The small lightweight miter gauge runs too loose in its slot. The table is slightly convex (common for an unground/unmachined cast top). The blade in my opinion is mediocre. There is no depth scale for the raising and lowering of the blade (I always measure anyway). Finally, the arbor of my saw is slightly bent so the blade wobbles slightly, reducing the accuracy of a cut. My old Makita 2708 was a better table saw - depth gauge, no wobble in the arbor, fence would clamp in parallel, etc.The good attributes of this saw include portability, a powerful motor; and it is built to take you typically job-site abuse. For rough carpentry use it is a capable saw, but for more precise work like trim or finish carpentry, I would look for a more accurate saw.
This is not a bad saw...depending what you want to do with it. i struggled using it in my shop as my woodworking saw, for several reasons:1, what is the deal with the miter slot? it is undersized and basically useless. 2, the fence is lacking. it is ok for rough cutting, but hard(or impossible) to get any kind of accuracy out of. 3, i wish it had soft start like the 10" sliding compound miter. the saw practically jumps off the stand when you start it.Now, if you want a lightweight, powerhouse to carry on the jobsite, this is a great choice. ripping 2X and plywood is what this saw is for. the table is too small for full sheets and lacks the capacity to rip 24". .... but man it hawgs through the 2X material.i chose not to spend the money on a rosseau stand to increase the capacity. instead i just got a delta contractors for my shop and will use this makita for the job site. i thought about selling it, but it will be alot easier to haul the mak to the jobsite instead of my 300lb contractors saw.so there you have it. if it meets your needs go with it. if you want a saw that will do a little of both, i recommend the porter cable.
This is a great saw in many ways.  It's light, but sturdy.  It's set up perfectly right out of the box, and offers easy adjustments to fine tune its performance.  It's perfect to haul to jobsites, or just pull out of the garage on weekends.  No other lightweight table saw is so solid, durable, and powerful.So the fence really is a pity.  It's easy to adjust and lock, but it doesn't square automatically.  You have to realign it every time you reset it.  And it doesn't even hold a setting, unless you clamp it in place with huge c-clamps.  So it's not really suitable for any kind of fine work unless you replace the fence.  Which isn't easy, because it's not a standard size, and you have to fabricate brackets.  Which isn't really that difficult, but for about the same money, Ryobe makes a saw with a great fence. It's not as powerful or durable as the Makita, but if I were doing it all again, I don't think I would have bought this saw.PS:  (2005) Just got the Rousseau folding table with rock-steady fence.  It's like a whole different saw; I love it!  Highly recommended.
I've owned several different Makita tools over the years and have been very happy with their durability and performance; that said, the 2703 has performed below expectations.  First, the reasons NOT to buy this saw:1) The most important feature of any table saw in this price range is an easy-to-use fence that is consistently parallel to the blade.  For several generations now, the 2703's fence has continued to wiggle this way and that, requiring the user to either measure twice, from the front and rear of the blade to the fence, or, to attempt to keep an even reveal between the fence and the ribs that run longitudinally in the table top.  Despite these measures, the fence can still end up slightly skewed, bogging down the motor and giving you an uneven rip.  I'm not sure why Makita has neglected to update the fence all these years; perhaps the cheap fence keeps the 2703 under a critical retail price point.2) Cutting miters on the 2703 is an even more awkward affair, given the sloppy fit in the miter slot and the cheaply-made miter accessory.3) While touted as powerful, the 2703's motor has bogged down, blown fuses, etc. when ripping 1 x pine stock against its substandard fence.  With practice, I have been able to reduce these instances by slightly loosening the fence during the cut and letting the stock push it to a more or less parallel position.4) The 2703 will NOT accept dado blades; it's arbor is too short.  Being able to run quick dados on site for cabinets, bookshelves, etc. is a nice option to have on a table saw.5) For $429, you can buy a saw that is superior in every way except weight (60 lbs., vs. 40 lbs. for the 2703).  The Bosch model in this classa) comes with a rugged steel stand that is nearly impossible to tip over, even when jamming full sheets of plywood through the saw.b) will accept dado blades.c) has an outstanding, easy-to-adjust fence that stays parallel to the blade.d) has the most powerful motor I have ever seen on a portable table saw.e) has pull-out wings that increase the table surface for ripping just about anything in the field.f) will cut miters happily with its excellent miter attachment.g) is a good enough saw to make cabinets on.  Many, many cabinets.Reasons FOR buying the Makita 2703:1) It is light enough to carry with one hand.2) The electronic brake does make for a safer saw.3) You can drop it into a Rousseau table, which does have a good fence.4) It is one of the cheaper table saws in its price range and, when coupled with a Rousseau stand, it will rip full sheets of plywood with considerable ease.5) If you can pick up the original 8" version (with the dark green body and simple twist-handle fence) you will find yourself in possession of an extremely light, compact, and powerful table saw.  The 8" has the same lousy miter attachment and the original switch may need replacing, but the fence is of a better design (clean and wax the fence-to-table interface if needed) and motor did not bog down when ripping 2" red oak, 4" fir posts, and other things the 10" version would not be happy about.6) Since most saws in this range are for on-site work, vs. shop applications, cuts don't have to be nearly as accurate.  Homeowners and occassional users might be happy with this saw due to its low price and light weight (about 40 lbs.).
I bought this sander about 4 years ago to do some drywall sanding and I was very pleased with the job it did.  The sander fit comfortable in my hand, the dust collection worked well, and the paper locked down clumsily but fairly easily.Over the years I have used it for many jobs and have come to the conclusion that it is a nice sander for fine sanding.  If you are sanding to 120 grit or higher this sander works well.Recently I was sanding some rough cut 3/4 ply using 60 grit and I found this sander to be lacking.  This sander lacks the power if you need substantial removal.  But, then again I do not believe that was the purpose of this tool so I can't really fault it for that.I have noticed quite a bit of vibration on heavier jobs.  When sanding the 3/4 ply mu hand was tingling for hours.  On smaller, or lighter, jobs like the drywall the vibration seemed okay.  The noise did seem excessive also on some of the larger projects.All in all, if you are looking for a light duty sander, this is a nice one to have.
This is my second Makita 3" belt sander and I must say this one is not near as good as the first. It's underpowered.
Makita power tools have an excellent reputation, and I own Makita's 14.4V cordless drill and random orbit sander, both of which are terrific tools.  However, I think they need to do some design updates on their 3x18 belt sander to make it competitive with similar models offered by other companies.I purchased this sander, but eventually exchanged it for the Porter+Cable 3x21.  There are several resaons why the Porter+ Cable is better (see my review of that sander).  Here is my assessment of the Makita.It has pretty good power.  For a belt sander, I found I needed to go back over spots repeatedly where a more powerful belt sander took off more in one pass.  The whole reason you buy a belt sander is to remove material FAST.  However, it doesn't bog down too badly and it does remove material pretty well.BUT it is made of plastic, giving it less heft and authority, which is an important factor with a belt sander.  The loading feature is awkward on this sander -- you put the sanding belt in place and then it is difficult to lock down just right.The most problematic feature of this sander, however, is the tracking function.  I loaded the belt, turned the sander on, flipped the sander upside down (as you're supposed to do), and adjusted the tracking until there was no &quot;sway.&quot;  Then I started to use the sander, and within five to seven minutes the belt was tracking off center.  Now, all belt sanders will eventually track off center, but this one does it too often.  Every time the sander tracks off center, you have to stop working and adjust the belt, so you want to get a belt sander that goes longer before needing adjustment.  This one, I believe, needs it too often.The tracking problem is even worse with a plastic-body sander like this one.  If the belt tracks off center enough, it can actually dig off a significant part of the sander body.The handle could be b etter.  With this sander, holding the handle gives you a slight out-of-balance feeling, compared with the Porter + Cable.  Also, the handle is not as prominent and easy to grab during sanding operations.Makita is is selling this sander for a lower price, which makes up for some of these problems I mentioned.  So it's a choice: are you willing to compromise on some of the nicer features?  If so, you get a sander that has decent enough power to get the job done, but could be better.
It leaves two little lines in the boards when they come out but are sand-able.  Guess someone dropped them when packaging.
I will preface my review with a blanket statement.  Every tool has its job.  For crude joinery I think this is top notch.  For fine woodworking I would never use this.  Glues are so stong now days I would just soon glue and clamp it and not have the risk of the bisqit blooming through the wood.  Again do your homework on technique before buying tools.
I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.  It is quiet and has plenty of power.  I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.  That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism. Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.  After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.  I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.  If the plunging action isn't that important, then this is a great router.  If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
I like this router but I'm not too impressed by it when comparing it to my original 90's DeWalt, DW625Which is considered by many to be the best router of all times. Plain and simple.M12v is a good router for the money and you can't beat the 5-year warranty. Why I'm not too impressed?First the negatives compared to original DW625:Plunge depth very limited. Can't use extreme long bits.The collet dept for bits is not deep enough as in DW625 and could create a problem vibration with longer bits.Soft start not that soft. Especially if you increase the speed during cut, you will get kick back.This is extremely loud router.No  collet only reducer.Plunge lock very crude.The height adjustment is coarse threaded rod and requires many turns. Recommend Router Raizer if you are using it in the table.Bit opening very small, can't swing large router bits. Will need to cut off the ears.Plunge action not as smooth.Looks like they've changed the base from older M12v's and most likely the motor quality? this base is so bad that the guide doesn't go through. I will be exchanging mine and hope the next one is better otherwise it's no way on this MALAYSIA made junk even for the price.It's made in MALAYSIA and not japan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you can find a used one that's made in Japan get it otherwise?The positives:Dead on accurate as far as the bits being 100% perpendicular to the base from all sides.Much better looking than the new M12v-2 which is the ugliest router in history.
I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.  Well, when I got it home and mounted it in my router table, the shortcomings started showing up.  The adjustment nob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the nob.  I tried it with the springs in and with them out and did not notice any difference.  The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.  Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.  I never could get the panel bit to fit right.The next year when I was at the show again, I went to the CMT booth and took a closer look at how they were using the router.  I noticed they cut out the wings in the center that were preventing the use of the bigger bits.  Also, they did something to extend the lock mechanism and had a bent wrench which allowed then to tighten or loosen the collet from the top side of the table.  In fact, they were selling the wrenches they had made up.Long story, short answer, I cut the wings off, bought the bent wrench and everything except the fine adjustment works fine.  I use a Porter Cable router when using 1/4 inch bits.  I have each router mounted on its own plate and can change them out faster than I could change collets.  It was alot less money than the other routers of its size and power and for the weekend woodworker, it is a good investment.
I originally purchased mine for toting up and down some scaffolding on a siding job, but in retrospect it's not worth the cost. I recently found the Makita 7.5" sliding miter saw which only weighs 28 lbs.  Buy the Makita  if you must have a lightweight saw. Also, the Hitachi mitering stop mechanism needs a serious rethinking and redesign. It's just way too sloppy to stay at zero. Mine has a little play which is annoying. Zero means Zero (90^deg)!!! I appreciate a stop mechanism that is sure and snaps into place with no bones about it, like the Dewalt. While the 8.5" may be the 'original' slider, you will be better served with a 10" that bevels left and right....
Just finished installing the fence.First, as has been indicated in other reviews, the instructions are not good.  The pictures don't jibe with the product (for example, the rail sizes re quite different despite what it looks like in the picture.Second, the rail is meant to ride on plastic pads, which would be fine but the primary level cams onto the rail and depends on that plastic pad, which fell off in shipping.  I called Jet and they suggested that I epoxy it into place,which I did but the cam is really tight...maybe the thickness that is the glue under the pad was to too muchThird, there is a knob by which you can tune the back fence height to match the height at the front.  But there isn't much about it in the directions and what's there is not helpfulFourth, the arrow in the window is pretty far off the rail, tough to read it accurately, though if would usually hand measure anyway.Fifth, there is not one word in the instruction about how to use the resaw capability of the fence.  The instructions simply say to attach the post with the hand knob and to center ot on the blade. Not sure why else to do with it.The fence seems solid and I cut sever long plywood strip with it to prove I could...not to bad.  All in all,  3 of 5
I have owned this machine for 3 years now, apparently since BEFORE  they made it easy to empty the lower bag.  I find it to be grossly underpowered for most machines especially for the small difference in price to move up to Shop Fox or Grizzly.  But if u do buy this unit make sure you upgrade to a minimum of 5 micron bag as the 30 micron bag only stops the chips.
I bought this for a one person shop.  My original intent was to have one hose and pull it to the tool I was using.1st, If you plan to use cheaper hose in a one tool per time system, the fact that the in-feed is on top of the unit, the weight of the hose will crimp thinner hoses.2nd, this sucker does not roll for beans. it has 4 wheels two are fixed and to rotate, if you happen to be pulling in the direction that the rear wheels are pointing (Rarely are you pulling to where you already are) you're good, if not your in trouble.I ran a more permanent system and with blast gates it has plenty of power to run jointers, planers router tables.  Just myobservations.
I have looked at several mortisers and find the jet to be a fair tool but has more side play than I would like.  I own several Jet tools, Cabinet saw, Drill press, dust collector and have been quite satisfied with the overall performance of these tools.  But the mortiser will not be one of the tools in my shop.
I've had the Jet for about a year. It's basically a good saw--plenty of power for most operations, and the blade has stayed in alignment.  However, you'll find that fence (specifically, the JETFence) is inadequate--it's easy to knock out of alignment when you're running large panels. If you buy this one, you'll be looking for a replacement fence (at a cost of $200 - $400) pretty quickly. Jet's XActa fence is much better, but of course will cost you more.  You could also look at buying a Powermatic or the latest Dewalt--both are as good or better, both have better fences, and they don't cost that much more.
I have had the saw for over half a year now. Indeed the tool assembles well, the overall instructions are clear, and the cutting is excellent. However there are some flaws that are rather anoying. The fence moves when clamped making any fine adjustment tedious, the on/off switch bracket keeps on coming loose. The plastic plugs at the end of the extrusions etc. pop out all the time and the blade guard with the splitter is impossible to align. In frustration I had to just remove that system because long pieces if wood kept on wedging the blade. Final conclusion: good saw with some anoying defects. I think that there are better deals on the market offering a superior overall quality.
I chose this machine over the Grizzly since I like its looks primarily.  But when it arrived sitting in a puddle of oil, I had doubts about my decision.  The oil contaminated the spindle sand paper except for the smaller ones that came in a sealed bag.  After the unpleasant clean up, I briefly ran the machine and it does seem to do its job.  I would prefer it had variable speed but I don't think any of the other similar machines have that either.  My porter cable hand held spindle sander does have variable speed and it comes in handy.  But the Jet is a stationary machine and that makes it easier to control the work piece.  This machine is well made with a nice sized cast iron top.  The fit and finish is superior to the two Grizzly shapers that I have so maybe my choice is justified.  I hear that others have had this oil experience with the Jet and that makes me wonder why they don't correct the problem or at least send the oil in a container to be put into the machine by the buyer.  The oil spills out of the machine when tipped during shipping, I'm told.  And why is that?  It is quite common for freight companies to be careless.  Manufacturers need to expect that and not disappoint their customers like this.  Sorry for only 3 stars Jet.  No oil all over would have meant 4 stars easily.
A two foot square smooth cast iron table top combined with a very smooth spindle makes this machine very easy to work with. I measured the spindle runout to be 0.004 inches maximum for all spindles, except for the 1/4 spindle that was 0.013.My lower rating of only 3 stars is due to 3 quality issues. The top came with chemical stains, but was smooth and usable. I had to re-wire the switch... minor but should not have been required. And third, the table inserts are not flush with the table top. This can cause a piece of wood to catch as you are sanding with a resulting cup or glitch. Jet is sending me a new set of table inserts, but I have a feeling it is a poorly machined table top. I could easily shim the inserts, but for the price of the machine I expect it to be right and I want JET to know their quality control is slipping.
The machine itself is excellent, and would get 5-stars if it could actually be delivered intact.  It is shipped direct from the manufacturer, using the manufacturer's choice of shipper.  For my order, they used Estes Express Lines.The machine and accessories were covered with leaked gear oil from the transmission. I even had to disassemble and clean the switch, because there was oil literally "dripping" out of it.  Obviously the machine was tipped during shipping, instead of remaining upright per the labels on the box.  Only Estes can be blamed for this, but Jet could prevent the problem by sealing the transmission for shipment or supplying the oil in a bottle for the purchaser to add.The left-hand table trunnion and support bracket were bent beyond repair.  The threaded part of the trunnion locking knob was sheared off, leaving a portion stuck in the threaded hole of the casting.  The other trunnion was bent, and the table lock pin was bent.  I'm guessing that something fell (or was stacked) on the top-left of the box during shipping.  No tell-tale damage to the box, but since there is no packing between the table and top of the box, this damage could occur without damaging the box.  Another strike against Estes for whatever they dropped/stacked on top, and a strike against Jet -- they should pack better, with some framing protection of the table or at least some crush room and "do not stack" warnings on the box.Jet agreed to replace the bent/broken parts, although I had to call back twice because they were having "system problems" and couldn't get the order entered.Now that it is all fixed (due to several hours of MY labor, phone calls,  and waiting for parts), it is a great machine.  Good fit and finish, beautiful flat table, smooth running.  But it was absolutely my worst tool purchase experience, due to the manufacturer's bad packaging and poor choice of shipper.Shipping damage and leaked oil seem to be common for this machine (see other reviews).  If you are willing to accept that you may need to order parts from jet and do some repair work, the reward is a great machine.  Just be ready to put in some labor to get there.
I myself as other reviews have mentioned, was (un)lucky enough to experiance gear oil all over the inside of the cabinet and into the on/off switch. After a thorough cleaning I proceeded to tracking down the culprit, turns out to be the gear oil sight gauge was leaking. So I contacted Jet and they promptly sent a replacment. After draining the oil and removing the leaking sight gauge I cleaned the area removing any traces of oil and applied hi temp RTV silicon around the outer edges ofthe sight gauge and installed it, waited 24hrs for it to cure,then refilled with fresh gear oil. So far no leaks. As far as the sander goes, It does its good job.
All the saw blade companies offer stabilizers. Some users swear by them, others think it is just a profitable little extra to sell.We all know they cut down on the depth of cut. Another thing to consider is that on some brands of saws you may have to remove spacers to accommodate the extra thickness and this effects other attachments on the saw as well. Switching back and forth from using the stabilizer is not always that easy.My own tests, done on both a table saw and an old radial arm saw,  are inconclusive. It made no difference on my one expensive 1/8" wide blade, but did cut down the noise on one of my cheaper, real noisy thin blades. On better quality thin blades the difference was less noticeable.Are the cuts actually better? Hard to tell. Normal variations in the feed rate and accuracy in the feed seem to make more difference. The goal of a perfect cut is always somewhat elusive anyway unless you set up each cut like you are making a part for NASA.On the other hand, some people do have the time and patience (and equipment) to make those machine-shop cuts and why not use a stabilizer as well? It can't hurt, and the noise reduction alone might be compelling for some people.I have used mine on a few occasions, when cutting my rare piece of really special wood. It works fine and makes me feel better. Makes the sound of sawing more...sort of expensive-like. That's worth it sometimes. It just isn't absolutely necessary.
I was not able to use it with my Makita 2703 table saw;  the arbor was to short for the Blade Stabilizer  plus a blade.  The total thickness of the two Stabilizer disks is 15/32 inches.According to Freud support you must use both disks, one each side of the blade.I gave it 3 stars because the disks looked solid, but I don't have a clue how well they do their job. Wrote the review so others would know about the thickness issue.
The blade itself is good but it comes with no markings whatsoever, no or limited directions and it is nearly impossible to get off and on your saw spindle. I believe it actually scored the threads on my spindle because now it's hard to get the nut on for thinner blades. For almost $90 I'd expect the blades and chippers to be marked.Once you do get it set it cut decent but I'd go with another brand if I had to do it over.
Maybe I shouldn't complain; I got this product on sale. However, everytime I cut a dado I have significant tear out on the back side of the cut and the bottom is ANYTHING but smooth - so I smooth it with a float. Also, the plastic holder broke, but I suppose that is just the way plastic containers are. As the other reviewers mentioned, hang on to your instructions - they are just a small piece of cardboard. If I had it to do all over again, I would read the other product reviews and invest in a higher priced dado set and hope that the bottom of the cut is close to being smooth. There are a lot of folks that like this product, so maybe I just got a lemon.
This set works well as a starter dado set, which was what I needed.  The finish it leaves will require some planing/sanding to smooth -- you'll see what I mean when you purchase this.  I still feel it is the best value right now at this price point and would probably purchase again.  I do wish the finish cut quality was better.
it's chrome finished, not like the matt black in the photo. looks pretty thick and strong, haven't start using it yet. But please update the picture
After my first use, trying to setup a precise 3/4" groove I soon discovered the recommended shim configuration for such was only a 'starting suggestion'.Would it had killed this company to have engraved the shim's thicknesses and made the various recommended shim stacking dead on accurate?Expect a lot of trial and error futzing around to get the groove you want.Otherwise, the groove was clean and the bottom smooth so that's something.
This is the least expensive 8" carbide stacked dado that I could find. I bought mine at a big-box store about a year ago. It replaced a 6" steel stacked set that I bought a few years back. It was a big step up and, for a while I was satisfied with it despite the not-quite-flat bottom it left.Last week I needed to rabbet some pine molding. I didn't have a close look at the dado while I installed it on the arbor. Upon starting the cut, the workpiece vibrated violently as it passed into the dado. I stopped and examined the dado and discovered that the outboard blades were missing a total of six teeth. I'm not sure when I lost the them, but the net result is that I'm now looking for a new dado set as I don't feel like investing $40 or $50 to have the teeth replaced.I've gone back to doing rabbets with a tall fence and my Forrest Woodworker II blade which I just got back from being sharpened by Forrest. I think I'm just going to have to bite the bullet and purchase a Forrest set as my experience with the WWII blade has been extremely satisfying.
I've owned this set for several years and have always acheived excellent cuts however last night the parts flew off the arbor - fortunately I have a cabinet saw which contained them.  My first thought, well my second thought on second thought, was I had not tightened the nut properly.  This was incorrect.  It seems I put the left and right outer blades on in reverse order.  This is easy to do since they look the same and are not marked.  The blades embedded in the hardwood and the rest is history.  Though parts are available there were so many damaged teeth it's just not worth replacing them.  I just ordered a set from a company whose name is commonly assoicated with a big bear.  Hopefully it will be better marked.  I've seen the instructions and they are way better.
The noise is aweful. There's something to be said by doing things silently with fine handtools. Then there's doing things with good power tools and smooth running motors. Then there's my sons push mower that ejects plastic balls within plastic that clicks and clatters. This motor is maybe more annoying than a plastic mower.It does the basic job, it's cheap. If you're not doing many joints or are sticking to the basics it's fine maybe give it another star for limited use. Or get a 557 for twice as much, do more, and not be annoyed by that aweful motor.
This biscuit joiner has a lot going for it. Inexpensive price tag, nice blade, fairly stable base for biscuit jointing smaller stock (NOT requiring the adjustable fence). Even with those nice features, this tool causes a LOT of aggravation. The most irritating thing about this tool is the fence! It uses a single screw on the side to create enough pressure to hold the adjustable fence in place. There is a flaw to this simple system -- IT DOESN'T WORK. If you are able to achieve a square fence adjustment and you have just about stripped the screw to get the fence to stay in place; after 2 biscuit slots being cut, it will start slipping on you. It doesn't take much pressure at all to get it to slip, either. The other irritating feature about this biscuit joiner is the sound the motor makes. I would spring for the Porter Cable or DeWalt joiners.
I bought this to upgrade from a Ryobi unit which was functional enough but which has a pretty crude fence arrangment.  I'd fairly recently bought a Freud router which compared favorably with my Porter Cable units so I tried this. The machine is an upgrade but it's got its annoying issues.  The motor's fine, the balance is good, the fence is pretty good as well although the lock on both the height and angle adjustments are easily knocked out of position unless they are very tight.  Things that are a little troublesome are the easily plugged chip chute, the sawdust catch bag which does not stay on the machine - falls off immediately.  The size of the chip chute connection doesn't fit any standard hoses I've got.  The switch on the motor can best be described as funky requiring a sliding and rocking motion.  The price is a plus the accuracy is more than adequate.  Just some rough edges.  Would spring for the PC next time but this thing does the job so I am not likely to replace it any time soon.
I purchased the JS102 few years ago and the others cost about 50% more at the time but with more features. First there was no oil in the oiler - the plastic cap cracked and I had oil all over inside the plastic case. The plastic case is blow mold and never closed right, like my cheap Chinese tool cases. Initially the I thought the cutting blade was missed aligned or too wide since the biscuits fit very loose in the slots even with plenty of glue in it, but now, after a few years, its ok, nice and tight with the same box of 1,000 biscuits I purchased elsewhere. The stick-on angle scale came off but the factory gave me a new one - never needed it anyway, all my cuts are at 90 degrees. If you have different thickness boards, the height adjustment on the fence could be a PIA since there are no fine adjustments like the other biscuit cutters. You need to make a few test cuts to make sure the slot is in the middle of the board or where you wanted it - I don't trust the scale. I have no problems with the dust bag, just empty it every 10 cuts - yes, lots chips form those slots.Now the most erratic part: the motor/gear box sounds like it has a bunch of loose parts inside, sounds like they forgot to grease the gear box at the factory or it has broken teeth in gear box. Sounds worse than my Craftman 4.5" grinder. Other than that it feels solid and it does cut well after its set up. If only they would put in one dollar more for a better case, two dollars more for a fine adjustment and a little better quality control.
I bought this tool then returned it because I found it time-consuming to set up and use. Still, it's quite a bit cheaper than the Porter Cable 557 (which I would recommend), and once you get it all adjusted (and assuming you don't need to change the setup much) it does work reasonably well for the money.The manual is plain awful. Pictures are so low-res that I can't make sense of them. Instructions on using the unit are incomplete.The tool arrived in need of readjustment. Since I've never used bisquits before, it took me a long time to figure out how it should work properly, then I was able to get it to adjust... just barely: the adjustment screw was nearly at the end of its range when I got the depth adequately set. The manual says that this adjustment should be set properly when the tools is new. I agree! It wasn't, though.The tool can't do many of the things that the PC557 can do. The fence in particular is not very flexible. On the other hand I expect that 45 and 90 are most of what I'll use, and this tool does those ok....
Item is a special circular hardwood cutting blade for the Fein Multimaster tool.  It works "OK" but really only useful for small custom cutting jobs.  Blade is brittle and will snap if bent while in operation.  Even at half price ($38) its very very expensive for what you get.
As with the other of my 3 reviews for Fein products, it's a love/hate relationship. You love the tool but hate the cost of blade replacement. I sometimes use my  cheaper Harbor Freight multi tool so as not to wear my Fein blade out.  Fein tool is great......blade replacement cost sucks.
OK.  I agree, these blades don't last for squat and they are absolutely over priced.  I think Fein is really setting itself up for someone else to take their market share.  Our company uses the heck out of this tool and gives me good reason to look for a cheaper better alternative.  Great tool though, it's saved me on a lot of things.
I love using this tool but for 3 things:Brittle blade - my first one shattered when the tool it was mounted to hit the concrete floor.Breath taking accessory prices.The blade lock lever is too stiff for my small hands - it will snap shut breaking fingernails.
Almost $40, including shipping, for a little bitty blade. That is about the same as for a 10" 40 tooth carbide tipped table saw blade. The Fein flush cut blade is a lifesaver for certain tasks, like undercutting door jambs when installing laminate flooring, but being severely price-gouged sure takes the fun out of a great tool. Hopefully someone will clone these and sell them for $10, and still make a decent profit.
It's okay as a wide span cutting device and works great in corners but it dulls quickly and heats up due to its' surface area friction factor..........a unhappy result of an otherwise nifty idea.  It is not the first blade I would reach for because I hate changing blades on any tool!
If you have the specific need for this blade, it works great. They do wear out pretty quick, but like most Multi Master tools, they are built for specific tasks and get the job done when conventional methods & tools don't work.
I have been through a bunch of these blades because they are cheap to buy. The blade is very thin, which is good for cutting drywall and paneling holes and such. The problem occurs when you need to cut any type of wood that isn't super thin. The blade gets HOT when cutting wood. The Blade is very thin. Guess what happens to an extremely hot and thin peice of metal? It warps.I have a collection of these blades with good teeth still on them that are warped like crazy.I understand that cutting with these multi-tools is a balance between speed and pressure. You don't want to go to fast or push to hard because that will create heat and chew through teeth, but you also don't want to cut too slow because that can also generate unwanted heat on the blade warping it and ruining the teeth. You don't want to push so hard you here the motor on your unit start to slow its pitch.
When the price was reduced on the real &#34;Fein&#34; brand blades I thought great, time to get some.  Nevermind.  The design of these blades is not what I expected after hearing all the hype.  My tool is a Bosch which I love, the Bosch brand blades are pricey, like the Fein use to be.  There is a reason.  The blades are stamped from one sheet where some of the other blades have the cutting blade (which is flat) attached to a heavier ring which then mounts to the tool.  (This is the Bosch design.)I have yet to find and adapter that works well either so the universal adapter just pinches onto the metal with the hope friction will keep it from moving.  Thinking I was doing something wrong (and it still feels this way!) I checked around on several woodworking forums and found many others were having the same problem.For a little over $5 per blade, it's worth three stars.  If I paid over $30 like some, I would be screaming, and then buying the Bosch blades.
I've used this for about six months now.  For the price I am satisfied. But you get what you pay for. It required at least an hour to true the sole, clean the paint from certain areas and sharpen the blade. And the blade doesn't seem to hold an edge for a long time. I think I'll ask Santa to put a Lie Neilsen in my stocking this year. For the weekend warrior, this is probably the perfect plane. But beware, the blade needs to be sharpened before use.
Not a bad little plane for the money. Keep this one in my toolbox for those occasions I'm doing a little work away from my shop. Wouldn't use it for fine work on my boxes or clocks, but it's ok for knocking the edge off 2x4's or cleaning up some trim. Stanley planes use to be the benchmark everyone else tried to achieve, but now they mostly make ok planes. They are nowhere near the quality of my Lee Valley/ Veritas planes, or for that matter my selection of wooden planes. But they are a good toolbox plane. Takes a little tuning and of course sharpening to get them to perform, but once you have them set up, they do an adequate job. This is a good plane for the money, recommend it as an inexpensive plane.
This plane was purchased for use with a Ray Iles toothing iron for smoothing out areas where a LN 62 with toothing iron won't catch due to body length.  I have a few representatives of Stanley's block planes (15, 18, 60 1/2) of vintage or antique age, and this modern plane is of decent enough quality, although the adjustment mechanism and hold-down plate for the iron seem a bit thing and cheap.  Gone is the graceful cast iron adjustment lever and it has been replaced by pressed sheet metal.  This is also true of the hold-down plate.  Luckily this one had a decent QC and I purchased it directly from Stanley, so there are no tune-up issues with it.The original iron I use here and there, mostly to tidy up end-grain, but I have better planes for that.  With the Iles toothing iron this plane works well on knots, plunging grain and other grain that normally suffers pull-out from standard plane irons.  After that using a No. 3 or just sanding down the patch (or using a thumb plane, come to that) usually does it for those areas of grain that standard irons just don't handle well.For what it is, it is serviceable.  The adjustment and fastening mechanisms don't have a solid feel to them, but they do work.Pros- Good casting and QC- Modern steel iron does a good job on end-grain- Accepts Ray Iles toothing iron, making this a far more versatile toolCons- Sheet metal replaces cast iron parts of vintage or antique versions- Japanning has been replaced by modern paint- Does not have the rugged feel of vintage or antique Stanley block planesWorth getting for the added versatility and for the price it was a toss-up between a modern or vintage version.
This is a nice plane for the price. It is fairly well built and will do the job. When i bought this I bought the Sealy and Shop Fox as well. The Sealy is well, a piece and should be struck from your list. The Shop Fox is far superior to either in machining, tolerances, and aesthetic beauty. The Stanley is not machined nearly as well and shows the parallel machine lines all the way down the sole and sides. Further it has more side play in the iron and is not tightly machined to fit with the other pieces. Having said all that it is a very serviceable plane. If you are on a budget or are going to through it a tool pouch with other tools and metal objects this is a great plane. If you are going to have a plane on the bench and it it has a safe place in your shop and you appreciate fine craftsmanship the Shop Fox is the one I would recommend. On the other hand, if you are buying this type of tool you probably rate craftsmanship pretty highly or you would not bother with this purchase.
If you have some time and skill to fine tune this plane, it has the potential to be a useful tool.  I was initially taken aback by how much refining the plane needed.  I dont mean just honing. It comes with an edge that needs work before it can be honed to the point I would call it sharp.  The other parts fit tightly, causing you to fight them just to make an adjustment. I expected better fit and finish.  I like a plane, or any other tool to work smoothly, like it was  passed down to you from your grandfather.It isn't something that a little time and patience can't fix.  And I suppose that you could make the argument that this fine tuning will make you more familar and thus more confident with this tool.All in all, it's worth the price.  Just plan on breaking it in.
I was several hundred miles from home and my shop, helping a friend with a kitchen remodel. Got to a point in the cabinet portion when we really needed a rabbit plane badly. He ran down to the local hardware store and this one was all that they had. I have several older stanley planes and they are good tools. This one disappointed me quite a bit, as it is not up to the Stanley standards I have seen and used in the past. It's pretty roughly made, the adjustments are kind of a joke and the blade doesn't hold a very good edge. We finally got it to work and finished the cabinet doors, but halfway thru I was ready to drive home and get my Lee Valley/Veritas bullnose rabbit plane.I gave it 3 stars because it will work if you mess with it enough, and it is inexpensive. I think if someone bought it as their first one, they would probably never want to use one again. Save your money and buy a good one from Lee Valley or one of the other quality makers. Can't recommend this one.
Template to install wrong.Wooden handle terrible never stays together.Other wise the vise itself is pretty good.Customer service good!
This Jorgensen vise has great features and a nice level of fit and finish. The mounting template supplied with it was spot on, perhaps it was fixed after other reviewers complained about it. I did have one significant design related installation issue however. I would have never anticipated that the vise toe-in feature, for superior grip, is machined entirely on the fixed jaw portion of the vise. The moving jaw is machined at a nearly precise 90 degrees to the guide rods while the fixed jaw cants outward from the bench about 1/16th inch from bottom to top of it's machined face. This is exhibited clearly with the vise mounting face clamped directly to the benchtop under-surface and the face mounting screws properly installed.This causes 2 annoying issues. First, a clamped object within the tightened jaws becomes tilted away from bench face. A board clamped on it's faces for example is not at 90 degrees to the bench surface. Any edge planing or joinery work must anticipate a noticeable lean towards the user. Second, my plan to embed the fixed face within the bench profile and to have a continuous jaw created by the bench edge was now totally foiled. Doing that would eliminate the toe-in feature completely, and would require an angled mortise relief of the bench top.Neither issue would have arisen if the toe-in was on the moving jaw as I had anticipated. Kind of a dumb approach for a big outfit like Jorgensen.
Not yet used.  Shortly will be used on work benches and other projects.
I hate how they force a comment! There really isn't much to say except the item was as discribed and it arrived on time and functions as it should. It IS just sanding belts. I really didn't notice any difference between these and the 3M brands.
Ordered the 120 to check it out first, since I have never used Mirka before. I'm also confused on so many positive reviews. I found the discs cut really well and smooth out of the gate, but do not last long at all. Freud lasts longer for me, just hate the universal hole pattern they have. I'm pretty much using one disc per rail and stile of a cabinet door. That's not much life. Maybe it holds up better with a heavier grit prior to 120? My planer leaves wood fairly smooth. I'm used to going 120 from the planer, on up in grits. Oh well. On the search again.
Does a good job but like the 40 grit discs it loses its Velcro stick before its abrasive is worn out.
These discs work OK as long as the surface is bare wood. If there is any finish on the wood they tend to clog up very fast especially pine or spruce. The Norton discs last longer although it does depend on the type of grit that is applied to the disc. I have switched to the Norton 5&#34; discs for my sanding projects.JJK
This product is a good sealant but it might be better suited for garden tools than a cast iron surface.It isn't all that slippery as they claim in fact i've found it actualy causes friction.I did a simple test,I polished an area of my tablesaw with a good quality car polish and coated another area with top cote and then felt the difference. WOW the car polish was clearly the winner.I called the factory to see what they recommend using and guess what,? car polish again. This product will do great on tools you use outside or in the rain.It leaves an ugly white coating on anything you spray it on.Car polish is a whole lot cheaper and in my opinion better.It cleans polishes seals and reduces friction far better than top cote.Just do the test I mentioned and you will see for yourself. Now get out there and try it.
I'm not all that impressed.  I have read so many glowing reviews on Boshield (Now called &#34;Top-Cote&#34;) and I am VERY particular about my power tools.  I take incredible care of them.  For instance, I just sold a 35 year old Rockwell Contractor's saw which I purchased new, 35 years ago.  The day I sold it, it looked virtually new.  Honestly however, when I used the Top-Cote, I felt like I get even better results simply using good old Johnson's paste wax on my cast iron surfaces.Maybe I'm using it wrong.  I followed the instructions exactly as printed on the can, but then this morning I saw &#34;The Wood Whisperer&#34;, (Marc Spagnuolo) suggest that it be left on over-night before wiping it off.  The can on the other hand suggests that it only be left on for &#34;a few seconds&#34;.I'm open to suggestions.  At this point however, I'm not impressed.
Product arrived on time and in good condition.  Top Cote is great for making a saw table, etc. slick.  I am not impressed with its rust prevention.  I live in Florida with high humidity and this product does not protect as well as wax.  I doubt that I will purchase it again.
The tips are very nice, it's easy to get the right amount of glue in just about any spot. I'm not crazy about the roller. It is very difficult to dosage the amount of glue while rolling. A separate bottle and roller are much easier to manage. Good idea, execution so-so.
If you get this on sale its not a bad kit.  I have used the bisket tip and found that helpfull and I like the roller a lot.  You only have so much working time and the faster you can get the glue where you want it the better.  Also you want full coverage but as little squeeze out as possible.  Any glue smeared on the wood and your stains wont take.  This kit would be better with about three bottles because you usually need more than one tip at a time (or tips and the roller).  Most of the tips are for wooden dowels. I could have used a few less of those.
For years I have used PC7 as my best all time glue, when I need stuff to really hold a permanent bond.  I heard people raving about this gorilla glue, so I figured I'd give it a try.  I needed to bond two pieces of stone together, and both were irregularly shaped.  Normally I would mix up some PC7, spread it, stick it together and wait overnight.  I wouldn't even have to clamp it, and the bond would be absolutely permanent.With the Gorilla glue, since it foams and expands, I knew I had better clamp them, so I did.  I allowed the glue to cure for a full 48 hours, unclamped them and gave them a real hard test...  I pulled them apart with my hands!  Not very strong, at least in this situation.  I didn't even have to pull hard, just a little twisting motion and pop...I'm sure this stuff has its uses, but it is nowhere near 'the strongest glue on earth.'  Maybe their slogan should be 'average glue with a catchy name...'
I have tried three different types of Gorilla glue and this one is the best, although still VERY average.  I cannot recommend it as it is not truly "general purpose".  While it works decently, if you don't mind the excess foaming on paper to wood, wood to wood or cardboard to plastic, it totally fails on plastic to metal or brick.  It is WORTHLESS on brick to brick (yes they are bare, unpainted bricks), and don't even think about using it to stick anything to concrete blocks.Their Product Description is all hype and I found to be totally untrue."Gorilla Glue is the finest all purpose premium polyurethane wood glue available today."* I have found several better products, includingElmer's Ultimate Glue - P9417 16Oz Ultimate Poly GlueandElmer's E9416 All Purpose Glue-All Max, 8 Ouncesjust to name two."Gorilla Glue is environmentally friendly, incredibly strong, 100 waterproof, will not freeze, requires no mixing, does not become brittle with age and will not expand or contract in the glue joint."* It is NOT incredibly strong!!  I first tried to glue a plastic wheel barrow what has a 6 in split in it with this this product.  After TWO days of drying (and scraping a lot of foaming residue) I dumped a load of dirt and it immediately split on first load.  Okay, maybe not enough surface area to make a good bond.  I took a strip of flexible plastic and roughed up both original surfaces and the new reinforcement strip and surface that would be in contact with it with 80 grit sandpaper, AND I also CLAMPED the reinforcement strip firmly, but not tightly, in 3 locations.  Again, after 3 or 4 days (home owner, don't have to use wheel barrow every day luckily) of setting time I went to use wheelbarrow.  Put shovel in wheelbarrow and let handle drop to side.  Guess what?  Yup, you guessed it, crack split again faster than cheerleaders doing splits at end of their routine!  So much for strong.* It has become brittle on two or three projects for me, mostly ones exposed to intense sunlight or freezing temperatures. And then FAILED.As to water proof & requires no mixing, I guess these are correct, but so are almost all other resin and polyurethane adhesives; environmentally friendly -- what about it is enviro friendly?  More hype to get tree huggers and green freaks to buy a product I suppose.* * Plus this stuff foams up worse than a dog that has just tried to eat a toad and is very messy to clean up and it surface even when capped tightly in bottle tends to become rock hard and requires coat hanger to break up to get to adhesive.I have relegated what I have left to NON critical small insignificant wood/paper bonding and will NOT be purchasing again.
I was very interested in finding a good glue that I could use in a snap that would make for a strong and durable joint. Well, I sort of found one. This glue does make for a strong joint ( the durability seems to be there - time will tell ), but the &quot;use in a snap&quot; part was disappointing ( 20 minute working time and 90 minute dry time, humidity dependent and 1-4 hours under clamp ). I will compare this glue to expanding  foam. Once it dries, spray foam is the closest thing to it. It never really totally scrapes off, so sanding is necessary, and it is near impossible to figure out just how much to use and exactly where to apply because of the foaming process. I will not use this glue for fine and exposed jointery, I am pretty certain it works well and as advetised, but the &quot;ooze&quot; is something that I am not pleased with - sure it gets into tight places and fills voids, but by the time I scrape, sand and dig it out and off of everyting around it - it has taken me three times longer than with other products and my details do not seem as nice by then. So 3 because it works well- just watch where you use it !
This is a well-made product, and if you typically use the same size (and kerf) blades in your table saw most of the time, it's probably worth picking one of these up.  I've been using mine for about three years, and have been pleased with its durability and stability.  I have made a bunch of shop-made inserts myself (1/2 inch Baltic birch with self-tapping machine screws to adjust the height).  I used the original insert from the saw as a template, rough cut the plywood a band saw, and used double-stick tape to attach the original and the wood insert together.  A flush trim bit on the router makes quick work of finishing.
I was impressed see this in use at a woodworking show, however now that I have it I seldom use it. I find that the powerful magnet makes it tricky to adjust.
This works well and was easy to assemble but it was missing two machine screws that hold the curved guide.  Luckily I had the parts left over from old project but nothing irritates me more than to get something, take it out of the box, start to put it together and find parts missing.
The gripping surfaces have only fair friction. I screwed a thin block of wood to the back and they now work great.
This is a standard push stick, of relitively heavy plastic.  Not to be confused with the modern versions engineered for use by woodworkers who are convinced they don't ever want their hobby to bite.  I once owned a shopsmith saw, it came with a couple of push pads and a push stick similar to this one.  I just wanted another like it for no apparent reason to speak of.  I just wanted one like the other one that married dear old dad. What?  Then you come up with your own reason.
The Big Horn was my first push stick.  It is well shaped for the purpose, and I use mine occaisionally, but I caution that it is plastic and can suddenly slip sideways on wood.  Always consider where your hand will end up if the stick slips during a cut.  I have since made a wooden paddle-type push stick (15"x6"x1/2") for the table saw, and I believe it is much safer.
I own two of these blades I bought many years ago. I thought I dulled the first one (which happened very quickly) and since the ratings were so high with this blade I figured I either had a bad blade or the wood I was cutting was too dense. So before I sent the first one back for sharpening I bought a second one.Both blades struggled ripping hardwoods. From oak to the harder woods, it didn't matter. Crosscuts left some splintering. Plywood cuts were better but not much. Cleaning the blades didn't matter. These blades mostly collect dust now. I take them out once a year or so in hopes I was wrong and didn't blow $200 of my hard earned money. Each time they go back collecting dust.For the past ten years or so I have been using a CMT ripping blade and a CMT plywood blade for the respective cuts and both easily outperform the Woodworker II.  I own Freud rip and ply blades too and even they are better. I do most of my crosscuts on my miter saw. That has a Chopmaster blade in it and finally, after many years of use, the blade has dulled. I tried two different Freud blades for the miter saw but neither could come close to the Chopmaster.Forrest makes great saw blades. I also own a Dado King and am very happy with that. I think the problem is with the concept of one blade doing it all. I've never met a combination blade I was impressed with and I've been doing woodworking for over 25 years. Buy job specific blades, high quality and take the few extra minutes it takes to make the blade change. It's worth it.
I received my blade and returned it the very next day.It had a wobble, which made cutting feel very unsafe.A blade with this reputation and price should not wobble.Also, the one cut that I made on 1/2" ply was ragged.The blade that came with my Bosch TS cut cleaner.I use premium Tenryu blades, and they are a pleasure to use.
This didn't really do anything for me.  Of course, my old makita table saw was totally stable before I put it on.  It just didn't add anything.  Maybe if you had some kind of problems with your blade wobbling, you might appreciate this.
I use this blade to cut finished hardwood molding in my picture framing shop. This blade runs so true I immediately noticed my saw was running quieter. The cuts feel like I sanded them with 320 grit paper, and chip out is virtually nonexistent. This blade actually produces finer cuts than my guillotine style molding chopper. I have put off purchasing such an expensive blade for a long time, but I am completely satisfied with this blade, and feel it's money well spent. Time will tell just how long it will last, but from the other reviews I've read, it should be a good long time. Cutting real hardwood as opposed to composites will certainly help.update 2-28-13I mentioned in my review time will tell how long it will last. The answer in my case was about 400 cuts. I am now noticing some find chipping in molding finishes. I have cut nothing but hardwood molding (actually most molding is Luan), so pretty soft stuff. I tried to contact Forrest to inquire about blade sharpening, but got no response. I am now going to order a Quinn 100 tooth blade. They are considerably less money, and have a 107 year history.  Customer service seems to be top-notch. Don't get me wrong, this is an excellent blade, but I do question whether it's worth the money, particularly after needing a sharpening after only 400 cuts. That's basically five cents a cut. Most of what I cut is 1 inch and less in width. I have downgraded my five-star rating to three.
I have 3 chopmaster blades two chop saws and one for a table saw.There very good blades but they will go dull like other less expensive blades.I rate it slightly better than my CMT blade but it cost twice as much.I like that Forrest will replace the teeth and straighten the blade but you can get very good blades for much less.
BIG GULP DUST HOODIt works ok but is hard to mount and if you use it on a lathe, you cannot get it close enough to do much good.  You need to build something special to hold it up.
On the surface, this looks like a really good idea for removing sawdust.  In reality, it does not do well.  Although I have a large dust collection system with four inch hoses and a one horsepower motor, this collector cannot keep up with dust on my lathes.  The problem is that the opening expands too rapidly.  Where the vac attaches to the hood, there is a powerful airflow.  You can see that it is reduced about twenty times by the time the suction gets to the outside of the scoop just by looking at it.  I have two other air filters running at the same time as my big vac to clear the air and protect my lungs.  Even then, I sometimes have to use my mask.A better solution would be to have an articulated four inch hose with just a slight oval opening at the end.  This should be positioned close to the work.  I know some factory rep will probably read this and my suggestion will lead to a new product.  Alas, they will not pay me.
I bought this to catch dust from a sliding compound miter saw.  By itself it gets about 40 percent of the dust.  I built a catch-box out of 1/4-inch plywood that employs the Big Gulp Hood as a funnel into the central dust control system.  The catch-box, which works, is probably 10 times the size (in area) of the Big Gulp.  Nothing as small as the Big Gulp is going to be as effective as it needs to be at any stationary tool that kicks dust in all directions.
This dust hood would ge great if the hose port was in the middle AND it came with a provision for connecting a tripod, etc. It is out of balance and clumsy to use. One of these days I'll modify it in such a way as to make it usefull. Quite frankly it gets very little use due to it's akwardness. If this hadn't been a Xmas gift I would have sent it back.
Contrary to some reviews, the smaller end of this hose does not fit Craftsman or Ridgid shop vac attachments.  You will need a special adapter that I haven't purchased yet. Very disappointing!
Anyone that has a dust collector knows how much it sucks to empty the bottom bag. I can't afford a cyclone nor do I have enough ceiling height.Pros:1.  It does separate the large pieces/particles very well. Works great with the planer and jointer. About 5% of the dust still makes it into the bag unless you let the can fill up. Then the bag gets really full. Don't ask2.  Easier to empty a can than a bag. I bought a 44gal rubbermaid trash can from Lowe's and it was a perfect fit and much larger than my bottom bag.3.  Prevents anything metal from getting into the impellerCons:1.  Hose threads in. I bought two of the Jet 4" couplers and gorilla glued them in. No more leaks.2.  No way to secure the lid to the can. Like everyone else, I just used a bungee cord.3.  I got something different than what was pictured. I think the design I received functions better. (I have one of the other ones at work)Over all, works well after I glued in the 4" couplers. It leaked pretty bad before that.
I am dissapointed. My experience with Grizzly and Wood Stock has been pleasant until today.  The issue is quality and price. This particular item has been a free gift from Grizzly in the past when you purchase a Dust Collector. It appeared to be a good idea, and it still is.  I would not pay anymore than the bargain price. This is truely a "You get what you pay for situation."  The lid is flimsy and I expected a male or female connector for hose attachment as with a shop vacuum. I tire of having to modify and improve upon a manufacturers product.To me durability is important and I buy quality products from various manufacturers. I would not pay full price for this. I will modify it and make it fit. The problem is when I have to remove debris from the separator can.  My experience with other products that are this flimsy is they must soon be replaced.When I have more time I will make my own.  Two accurate circular cuts in a "solid" lid and two adaptors.
First off let me say that it works and that it does so pretty well. However.....the item is certainly not as pictured. The way it fits my 30 gal metal trash can reminds me of a little kid trying to walk in his/her parents shoes! Waaaay too big, overhanging each side by probably 6&quot; or so. I finally had to bungee it on the can so that it would stay in place. As an earlier review noted, connection of the hoses is not that easy either. If you have the clear, wire-reinforced hoses you can thread them in like a screw. Otherwise you may need to add some sort of connector.
Unit is plastic and seems to be well made. It easily fits on top of a 5gal bucket, but does not snap on or fit tightly.  Only when the vac is running does it &#34;snug&#34; down for a tight fit.  So, it easily comes off when not in use, which is aggravating.  Also, when hoses are attached, you need to have the bucket anchored in some way or it will be falling over every time you move one of the hoses.  Once the bucket gets to be about half full, then it becomes more stable.  None of that is really the fault of the product though, but is a result of using the product.I am not overly impressed with it, but it works for the intended purpose.  Plastic holes for hoses don't look like they can take much abuse, so we will see how it lasts over time.  For the money, it is a good buy.
It is an Okay product that provides some improvement, but not great, in dust collection prior to the ingested air reaching a dry-filter equipped vacuum cleaner.  As attached to a five gallon container, the Woodstock captures about half of the incoming dust in my shop.  What you see is what you get:  the incoming and outgoing vacuum tubes simply push into to cyclone separator and are more or less securely held by friction.  Other companies make better cyclone separators at considerably higher price.  This unit is well suited for applications where the available installation height is a limiting factor.  It is not, in my view, a true cyclone separator, but rather one that functions by a physical separation of several inches of the incoming dust-laden air stream and the outgoing somewhat-cleaner air stream.  One or two competing products of similar size and function are on the market and I recommend reading reviews on such products before buying.
Okay, I admit I've never even seen this thing, but here's what I think anyway, based on the picture; this is not designed like a "real" cyclone separator, and all my reading and engineering knowledge tell me it can't work as well as if it were.A cyclone separator is tapered like a funnel.  As the dirty air enters from the side near the top, it spins around the inside wall, and as it is forced down toward the tip of the funnel it spins faster and faster.  Centrifugal force throws the denser dust & chips to the outside wall, where there's a very thin layer of slow-moving air due to friction; the crap slides down the wall and drops through the bottom opening into a sealed container below, while the cleaner air reverses direction and shoots up the middle of the separator(!) and out the hole in the center of the top (i.e. to your shop-vac).I would never believe this could work if I hadn't seen it, but it does.  If you have the room for it, and the patience to mount it, I recommend spending a few extra bucks on a real cyclone like the "Dust Deputy" (Rockler??).  Mine works great.Or build your own; there are lots of articles online.On the other hand, this IS cheap and convenient, and might be "good enough"...
I got this to solve a problem.  It works somewhat, so I am not totally disgusted with it but also not pleased with it.  I will use it till I can come up with another solution.
If I had this purchase to do over again I would have invested in better quality hose. This stuff is VERY flexible and it collapses with ANY amout of vacumm resistance. Because of this the inside surface is rougher and more resistant to airflow. I'd say it's great for applications where you need mobility because it's so flexible, but a poor choice for permanent connections to your machines.
Very Flexable, but very soft. If dryer type hose is what your application calls for, this is the stuff for you...
Hose to hose fitting which is a dumb thing rarely needed but hooked to another fitting to change a fixed direction is. Buy the coupling for it, probably two.
This is just like to review on the fitting above, I have a whole box of fittings and none of it fits my woodworking equipment or dust collector. Now they are dust collectors alright. Break out the duct tape if you want to use any of this stuff.
These are the dimensions I measured on my sample (average, for it is not perfectly round):ID: 3.747, OD 3.940The radius of the centerline appears to be closer to 3.25&#34; than the 4&#34; stated in the description.The overall (nominal) dimensions are 8&#34; x 8&#34; x 4&#34;Hope this helps.
This does not work with standard 4in pipe unless you do as I did and use a half a roll of gorilla duck tape. It is the same size as a blast gate opening. Duck taped that as well and it surprisingly makes a very strong joint.
It is well built but does not fit with other pipes. The dimensions of one side are the same as the connection I want to make so  this does no good.
Durably made reducer.Also made according to specs for the woodworking dust collection hoses and such.  The appropriate hoses fit accordingly without any coercion.  Just use hose clamps or the woodworking hose clamps and you will be in business.Pleased with the quality of plastic in which it was made from.Chris
The ID is not 4 inches so i have no clue as to what it fits. fortunatly I have a building entrance boot  that is used for coax that fits the bandsaw just fine then this fits the boot so all is good.
If you buy this know that the 4 inch end fits a hose. I bought it for my table saw but the saw and the reducer were the same size. I had to buy a coupler to connect the two,  The 2 1/2 inch end has the same OD size as a shop vac attachment, so the hose connects to it OK.
It fit 4&#34; hose on one end and 2 1/2&#34; hose on the other.  Do you have any questions?Duhhhhh.
As stated above, this reducer will not connect a 2 1/2" hose to a 4" outlet of a dust collector. Some other reviews said it did, so I ordered it anyway. I solved the problem by getting a rubber plumbing connector from the hardware store and attached the two together. The 4" side needs a 3" rubber connector. It is a very tight fit, and took some time to get it on, but it worked great and now I do not have to worry about stress on the hose at the machine end because the rubber pipe connector is flexible. All and all it worked out. I lowered the points because the company should have explained this in the place.
The big end had to have duck tape around it for it to fit snug into regular white pipe and taped on the outside for good measure. Used on my dust collecting system. The powertec 4 inch hose fits pretty good with a hand twist on clamp. I recommend.
These are the dimensions I measured on my sample:Small ID: 2.290, Small OD: 2.472, Large ID: 3.672, Large OD: 3.933Hope this helps.
These blastgates work well and are durable (as opposed to plastic gates), but the knobs are harder to use for fat fingers.
Woodstock International G1571 4" Aluminum Blast GateI've had a 3 HP dust collection system in my home shop, with about 10 blast gates, since the early 1980's.  Perhaps my experience with 4" blast gates will help you decide which type to buy:Woodstock International W1007 ABS Plastic Blast GateCons: others have reported that the plastic has broken, although none of mine have; it's common for the plastic gate halves to eventually come unglued requiring pop-rivet or machine screw repair, or gate replacement; can occasionally clog, especially if the gate handle faces downward (disconnect a hose to clean the clog); the short male pipe ends are tapered and smooth, so a clamped plastic hose can slip off unless you screw the clamp to the gate; no easy way to attach gate to wall or bench.Pros: least expensive of the three gate types; gate will generally stay open or closed on it's own, once you pop-rivet the gate halves together.Woodstock International W1142 Aluminum Blast GateCons: Cost is about double the plastic blast gates; gate may rattle (add a lock washer to hold it tight) and has to be loosened/tightened each time it's used, otherwise it will slide open & closed on its own depending on position; takes a bit longer to open/close due to thumb-screw; male pipe ends are too short for a quick-disconnect fitting; mine leak a little more than the other types.Pros: Sturdy & well made; easy to replace the short machine screws holding the halves together with longer screws, and then secure the gate to a wall or bench; aluminum sufficiently thick to drill/tap, for securing to duct-work with machine screws; can disassemble for cleaning.Variations:- Woodstock makes a D4255 Double Threaded Blast Gate, which is ideal when connecting a 4" spiral hose on each side of the gate.  The D4254 Threaded Blast Gate is threaded on one side and not threaded on the other.- Wood River makes a "Dust Collection Fitting, Self Clearing Blast Gate", which is similar to the W1007 above, except it has a sliding section that helps clear out any dust that may clog the device.  I've never had a need for this one, since (30 years now) none of my blast gates have clogged.Summary:Aluminum blast gates, in spite of needing to use the thumb-screw and having short pipe connectors, are better than the ABS plastic models.  But since all of them "work", it depends on which features are important to you and how much you want to spend, as to which type to get.Note: blast gates are sized by the outside diameter of the pipe that it fits.  Hence, a 4" hose fits over a 4" threaded section of a 4" blast gate, and a 4" steel duct fits over that smooth blast gate end.
If you were hooking hose to hose this would be perfect but it is seldom used that way and requires two couplings to be useful.
This is a great system for joinery, as all the other reviews already attest.  If I was to do it again, though, I'm not sure I'd buy the Rocket jig.  It is made of plastic and requires screwing in different-sized blocks onto the end of the jig for different thicknesses of wood.  For instance, there is one configuration for 1x material, another for 2x material, etc.  This means fiddling with the screws and blocks each time you need to join different sizes of wood, which not only is a little bit of a hassle, but also means that the screw holes will eventually get stripped-out.The included clamp is also poor quality, and I have already had to replace mine after a few projects.  There are a couple of new designs for the Kreg jigs, and I think I would get one of these before buying the Rocket jig again.
I bought these coarse screws for some plywood based projects and find that used with a Kreg Jig, they often do not pull tight, but instead strip free with little torque.
The amount of the plug that sticks up after inserting it into the pocket hole seems excessive.  I was envisioning just having to do a little sanding to get them flush with the work piece, not having to use a rasp to get it down to a point where I could sand it.  I wound up using a scrap block of oak, with a pocket hole, to hold them in place while I used a rasp and wood file to get them down to a manageable size, before I put them in my work piece.
There are to many add on items to add to this router table to make it a complete table. Unless you purchase all the add on items this table is not complete until you do."WAY OVER PRICED ITEM"
$30 for 4 ft is awefully expensive for this product.  I am happy with it's performance on my Jet table saw, however I guess it was just so smooth and vibration free before that there was not a lot of room for improvement.  It IS a slight bit better and I would give it 5 stars at $10 - $15.Now, if you have a light duty contractor saw that is vibrating like crazy and seems to be belt related, this is your ticket!
I bought this belt through Peachtree Woodworking. It definitely helped with vibration but the noise level was on the high pitched side which really annoyed me. I have it on a 10" Delta Contractor's saw. I have switched belts back and forth several times to try and pinpoint the problem. I have more vibration with the old factory belt but no noise. I'm at a loss. Right now it's sitting on the shelf.
Bought for a High School shop. Better than OEM blocks, no where near as nice as my Laguna guides.Warped the blades conically when not given a dollar clearance.
I like this for the price, but wish I had gotten another made by the same manufacturer which allows you to drill multiples of the same size hole without moving the jig.  I also wish it came with stop collars.  Had to buy them seperately.  Dont try to use without the stop collars unless you are willing to risk your project.  Otherwise, it did a great job.
There are a lot of features that are lacking on the 4112.  For one thing there sould be some extensions that allow you to clamp the machine as well as screw it to the side of a table.  I also agree with other users that there should be an eaiser way to adjust the depth of cut.  The tool works but if I had the option again I would buy a used Leigh jig.
I bought this 3 months ago and have been using it to make drawers.  The dovetail is an elegant joint.I'll start with the negatives. This product is not up to the customary Porter Cable Standards.  The bit they give you is mediocre, "high speed steel", not carbide.  I trashed it easily on some hard maple.  So you will need to buy a carbide bit...  Okay, fine, you'll have to get a bit.The next problem is that the screws used to clamp the material down are made out of cheap metal and strip easily.  I had to replace them with a higher quality screw. Having addressed these two issues, the unit works very well.So in the end, the unit is very functional and you will be able to make nice dovetail joints.  I recommend this for the weekend woodworker like myself.  If you do any production work or large volume, this will not last.  Do yourself a favor and go right to a higher end product.Finally, I'm really irritated at Porter Cable, particularly chintzing on the bit above.  Note that the design of this product is not much different that it was a decade ago so its not like they sunk a lot of money into R&D; for this.  P-C is gouging the customer on this one.
I had one of theses and it IS NOT REPRESENTATIVE of p/c quality and versatility. I replaced it with a unit from Grizzly, which has a larger table and better fence , and is about the same $$$ when you add buying the on/off switch......
The quality of the materials is fantastic!  Cutting the table to accept the plate is easy, and a 3/8&quot; straight bit provides perfectly matching  corners.  I had no trouble making the cutout such that the plate fits very  snug but adjustable corner pieces are included to accommodate any errors.  Mounting the router to the plate is easy as well and the material machines  very smoothly with no tendency to chip or melt.  The large and low D-handle  of my Bosch 1618 router fits just within the 9&quot;x12&quot; dimensions by  about 1/16&quot; when mounted diagonally; Bosch had the foresight to  position the power, speed, all bit height controls and chuck access such  that they would all be ideally positioned for frontal access when mounted  at this odd angle.  The plate is perfectly rigid and is accurately molded  with a beautiful burr-free high gloss finish on all sides.Unfortunately, some of that finish is ruined in the tedious process of  trying to chemically and mechanically remove the injury-warning sticker  from the surface.  The warning sticker is actually a danger in itself in  that it may snag the work, leading to kickback and subsequent injury and  therefore it MUST be removed although no provision is made for such  removal.  Seems insignificant, but any idiot should have had the sense to  put the sticker on the bottom where it could be left in place.I was  concerned that the &quot;slight crown&quot; would be a detriment, but at  about 1/32&quot; across the span, it really is &quot;slight&quot;.  Not  only does it not interfere with my featherboards, miter gauge, or fence  (which rides low enough to guide laminate), it honestly does an excellent  job of ensuring that even slightly bowed wood contacts the plate in the  immediate vicinity of the bit.The removable rings however, are a  nightmare.  There is no way to remove them without both removing the plate  from the table AND the router from the plate.  The raw plate can then be  supported between 2x4's while the center inserts are violently beaten out  with a heavy mallet.  I have suffered many painful injuries and badly  marred the inserts by unsuccessfully experimenting with other means of  removing the rings.  Unable to remove the rings, bit changes must be done  entirely from below the table.  The rings also cannot be re-installed by  hand but rather must be hammered in like the lid of a paint can.  As the  outer ring is hammered in, the inner ring tends to lift slightly under the  buckling pressure and one must take great care to get both rings fully  seated to avoid any snags.  The outer ring is subtly keyed so as to only  fit in one of two positions, I assume to maintain consistent orientation of  template guides.  I find the key terribly annoying and compromised in  effectiveness by the non-keyed inner insert and the confounding choice of  two possible positions.  A simple alignment line would have been much more  suitable for the rare occasions of template guide use.The rings also  have a &quot;slight crown&quot; of course, but in this case the crown is  more along the lines of 1/16&quot;.  Small stock wobbles on the peak and is  cut erratically as a result.  I have begun the process of filing down the  rings to fit more acceptably but the process of test fitting and removing  them repeatedly is very time consuming and painful.
I purchased this plate to mount my DW621 2HP Plunge Router on my table.  I followed the directions and drilled the holes from the bottom of the plate, using the plate from the Dewalt as a template.  On turning the plate over,  I was horrified to discover that three of the four holes I drilled were in  really poor locations.  One was so close to the outer ring that the  required countersink cut into it.  Two were so close to the holes for the  starter pin that they were difficult to countersink without  &quot;skidding,&quot; even on a drill press.  Because my tabletop had been  premachined to take this plate, I had to find another plate that did not  have all the features that would interfere with my router's mounting holes.  (Try to find a 9&quot;x12&quot; plate!)  I settled for a piece of clear  Lexan which I machined to fit the opening in my table and then mounted my  router.In all fairness, this plate would probably work great on larger  routers with ROUND bases.  This would get the mounting screws clear of the  features on the plate.  The Dewalt screw pattern is basically a narrow  rectangle, which is what caused the problems.
A large part of this plate's appeal to me was an implicit promise that I can use generic guides with my Bosch 1613. The 1613 uses Bosch's bayonet mount template guides. Alas, the large center hole conflicts with the requirement for dead concentricity; there is no material to mark your center finder against. To make matters worst, the 1613 base plate is oval, not round. OVAL! I suppose this is Bosch's way of ensuring that you would soon invest in a proper template guide set; but I digress. The point is that the bullseye circle marks on the plate bottom are not useful for centering the 1613's base plate.There is, however, a 2-1/2&quot; OD groove in both the gray inner insert and the inside of the Bosch base plate. A short length of 2.500&quot;OD x 1/16&quot; wall tube trapped between the two plates will force them into close alignment. As luck would have it, I must have tossed out my remaining stock of that when I cleaned the junk drawer. A reasonable substitute might be made by wrapping an 7-3/4&quot; long sliver of plastic laminate inside the groove. Alas, I'm fresh out of plastic laminate scrap, also. Maybe you'll be luckier than I, or be suitably prepared.Last in regards to installing a Bosch 1613: one of the two starter pin holes will coincide almost precisely, but not precisely enough, with a mounting screw if you try to align your router parallel to the plate edge. You'll have to mount the router at an angle to avoid this.Overall, the material is a solid 3/8&quot; thick, rabbetted to 1/4&quot; along the edges. The surface is hard and slick, good qualities to find in a table insert. It appears to be an injection molding of very high density plastic, not the dead flat phenolic sheets I'm used to. Dead concentric alignment to take advantage of the template guide insert is next to impossible. You can come pretty close, but I wouldn't want to trust any work that I care about with this &quot;eyeball-it-close-enough&quot; system. The inserts might be meaningful if the plate came predrilled and countersunk for your specific router; I see no other way to ensure proper alignment with the template guide.I give it 3 stars. It doesn't live up to the promise implied by the insert rings. You are almost better off with a generic, undrilled plate. At least then you won't obsess for hours trying for precise alignment. The oversized hole is as much a liability as it is initially useful. I would rather have seen a few blank inserts so I can plunge some zero clearance plates. I do like the hefty starting pin, and the plate didn't cost as much as top quality 3/8&quot; phenolic sheet. Not bad, but temper your expectations.
Great router plate.  No matter what everyone says, if you can follow instructions you can mount this plate with dead-on accuracy.  I bought the centering system designed by Rousseau for $6 and I would recommend you purchase this accessory as well.  It made it a snap to install.  The plate is machined well and fits perfectly.  The 'snugging' corners work well and provide a solid secure fit.  The center rings are not a problem to snap in or out.  You want them tight, so I would expect to use some pressure to remove.The only issue is the slight 'crowning' of the plate at the center.  It's supposed to make the height of the router bit constant but I find it disconcerting.  I'd rather the plate be perfectly flat.  It's how they designed this plate and I'm sure some people like it.  Not me.  I sold this and bought a Bench Dog.  I'm happy with the Bench Dog.
This table has almost everything you need from a small router table. However, I would probably spend more money next time and get a really nice router table. The firections were not as easy to follow as I woul have liked, but you should be able to figure them out ok.
A decent table, altho there is a couple things that could be improved on. first off not sure why they designed it with the router mounting plate and miter track so close to the edge. it leaves just a few inches of table left with lots of room behind the fence. now the fence can be mounted on the opposite side but that means u cant use the miter track anymore, plus that makes the door on the backside of ur work area. so if u want more room u have to sacrifice not being able to use the miter track, which isnt a huge deal to me as i dont use the track that often, but its still a bad design that could have been easily fixed. im also not a fan of the router mounting plate. there are no inserts for around the router bit and the hole is too small for a raised panel bit. i luckily had a spare plate that had inserts and i was able to cut the plate down to fit. but i shouldnt have had to do that, it would have been very easy for them to have made a larger hole and inserts made for it, even if they were just cheap plastic ones. now to be fair to this product i need to list the pros....i like the smooth melamine/mdf material the table is made out of. the fence is very well made and sturdy, i would give it 5 stars on the fence design. the cabinet is well designed and sturdy. i mounted a triton tra001 router in it and with the supplied template, it was very easy to drill the holes for mounting it. altho they didnt have it marked for drilling a hole for the height adjustment crank, but with a couple measurements it was fairly easy. but overall i was disappointed, with all the high reviews that this table had compared to the bosch ra1171 which was my second choice, altho it probably has its problems also. i should have just went with the bosch ra1181. i already have one and it has more table room, router plate inserts, feather boards, easy access power switch that can also have a shop vac plugged in so with the flip of a switch my router and shop vac both turn on, plus it was cheaper. but i didnt want an aluminum table and i wanted my router to be enclosed and i didnt go for the bosch ra1171 because it only had 3 1/2 stars. i would have sent this table back and tried it but since i was able to use a different mounting plate for this one, its working out fine
Good table and top, nice workmanship and a great service dept.Sloppy fence to adjust, don't like it.Buy it on sale.
I've seen these bucket organizers everywhere now. Of those, this is the sturdiest and most expensive. As the picture shows, you can put lots of things into the pockets - not necessarily a good idea. However, the inside pockets are wide and shallow like the outside pockets.You can sometimes find bucket organizers in the suggested-sell area just before checkout at two home improvement supply stores I've visited recently. I've also seen conventional toolbox-shaped organizers made of the same material - not ideal in my opinion. I like the plastic bucket combo because it can be set on wet surfaces without worry. I now use my old traditional steel toolbox to store small parts.The hard 5-gallon bucket can be purchased for just under three bucks - I got an orange one at a big box store. The immediate issue is these buckets have a very thin handle. That's why Bucket Boss provides a bucket grip, which I elected not to get but here it is: Bucket Boss Brand 08010 Bucket Grip. Instead, I wrapped tube-foam around the handle and taped over that with thick electrical tape. Tube-shaped foam is really cheap and can be purchased at a hardware store.Overall, this organizer is durable and a big improvement over other methods I've used to tote tools for specific jobs. It's not perfect for me though. Whereas it has plenty of wide and shallow pockets, many things don't fit into such pockets all that well. Take a look at the piture and imagine how you'll fit your screwdrivers and other tools with screwdriver-like handles. I find myself grabbing around for the correct screwdriver. This won't be a problem if you only use two or three screwdrivers.I think the inside should have included instead thin deep pockets for things like pens and pencils, and also thin narrow pockets for things like a magnetic stud finder or other things of that general shape. Too much space is devoted to wide-mouth pockets, in my view. Also, more thin pockets on the inside would have left sufficient room for things that plainly go inside the bucket like work gloves (which get dirty sometimes), a hammer, a bottle of water or other beverage, and so on. There are always things you'd want to drop inside the bucket including long tools that cannot fit into any of the pockets.More observations: No hammer holder. No loops or slats for screwdrivers - therefore, screwdrivers are kept in a disorderly way. My drill didn't fit into the patented drill holder but it's the only pocket that holds my measuring tape.I believe the reason to buy this bucket holder is because it's sturdier than others, period. Warning: It's possible to weigh this one down with many things, adding weight and defeating the portability purpose. I did it. The tendency is to want to fill up those pockets.After using this organizer for awhile, I concluded it would be better for me to have perhaps three bucket-organizer combos altogether and not try to do it all with one. Each unit would be for a separate category of jobs that come up. In other words, categorization of uses means I need separate kits, which will enable me to use this sturdy organizer as intended - for portability. Nevertheless, I'd still appreciate a different inside pocket scheme.
This BucketBoss organizer is not as well made as the original product, of which I currently own as well. The reasons are as follows:1) - The fabric is of a lighter grade compared to the original,2) - No reinforcement band stitched to the top around the circumference of product.3) - Inside pocket design seems flimsy, probably due to lighter grade of fabric.With all of the above stated, this is still the best bucket organizer you can purchase, when compared to all other brand designs It has the deepest, most usable pockets than any other brand..I suppose the inclusion of the cheaper competitive products have forced BucketBoss to lower their standards to compete in price. Again, it's still the best style/made bucket organizer you can purchase.
Neat idea- I use mine around the house.  Not sure I would use this in the field though.  I still prefer my toolbox for securing my tools.  The exterior pouches are a little small and not nearly deep enough for most of my serious tools.  I wish Bucket Boss would just have 4-6 large (deep) pockets on the exterior with a few smaller pencil/flashlight slots- they would have a winner then!  Many of the pouches on this are really impracticle to use (in my opinion; electrician/mechanic)
The bag is made of heavy rip-stop nylon that will probably outlast me.  I don't use this professionally, but I always have a lot of projects in my "off" hours.  The bag has many nice pockets (though I don't find them very useful in practice) and a sturdy zipper.The big downside is that there is no stiff bottom in this bag, unlike every other bag I've used.  Tools all slump to a heap in the center.  I'll cut my own, but I shouldn't have to.  A minor complaint is that the handle is just a nylon strap.  I much prefer the feel of the nylon straps on the 'Ridgid' brand bags which have a stiff cord in the strap.  Hard to describe, but it's a nice feel.  Ridgid has a nice 22" and a nice 17".  If you like a small bag, Stanley has a nice 12".
I really purchased this Bucket Boss GateMouth Jr. for a friend who actually carries his tools around in a canvas shopping bag.  Yes, he does.  But I see this GateMouth Jr almost every day so I feel confident to comment on it.  First of all, it has allowed said friend to organize his tools and actually know where his tools are when he needs them.  This because of the various pouches.  The bag seems well made and stands up to normal abuse on a small job.  I think the larger GateMouth would have been a better choice because more than one cordless tool can crowd things too much in this Jr version.  Also, we both agree that an open mouth bag, or tote, would have been more convenient because of it's capacity.  This GateMouth Jr has strong seams, helps you organize your tools as long as you're not carrying anything too large and it doesn't seem that any sharp object is going to poke through it - time will tell on that.  It's a little small, but if that's all you require then this is a nice little item for transporting your tools.___________________It's a couple of months since the above post.  I just want to mention that the bag itself is holding up well in it's construction, but it's developed a sag in the bottom.  This is probably because an 18 volt cordless drill is often carried in the bag.  My friend cut a piece of 1/8" stock to fit on the bottom of the bag and this helps.  He rounded the corners of the insert and this should prevent any rips.  Time will tell.  Still valid comments above, but we both wish the bag had come with a rigid bottom.  The description didn't mention this, so I guess we should have known.  The sag presented the problems you would imagine.  The insert helps.  Just to pass this bit of information along.  I'm using a Workforce tote which I much prefer.
Love the concept of this belt. I am a framer by trade, but the hammer loop in the front is too small for my 19 ounce vaughn hammer. Tape measure holder is way too big too for my 25' tape measure. Everything else is great about it. I can fit squares and nails and everything else I need. It is also perfect to carry drills around with me.
Not for use with small drills or impact guns...not for use with drill bits (will stab your self guys think about it...lol) but good for general use drill like say 18v dewalt or such...just remember no drill bits...darn that smarts...lol
Just get the hook, this holsterfits my drill fine but when you are on a laddertrying to move around it is too bulky.
It is a nice bag with many pockets and quality materials, but.... I like the 'Ridgid' 22" bag better.  It is roomier and has a stiffer bottom and better handle.  The bottom of this bag provides almost no support.  If you look around, I think you'll find better options.
I wore and used this bib job apron every work day until about the 37th time I had to pick up everything off the floor that fell out of the bib pockets after I bent over or stooped down to work. I haven't worn it since. That little annoyance simply reached the point of one time too many.A couple of inexpensive improvements would make this into a great bib. First would be a flap for the bib pocket, with some velcro to secure the flap and maybe a plastic stiffener sewn in to keep the bib flat so it doesn't form into a chute that dumps everything out when you bend over.Second would be a Y-connector in the back where the three straps come together instead of the current style connector that causes the straps to bunch up.If you work standing up and never bend over, this is a great work apron, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. If you have to bend over or stoop down every now and then, you may find it rather annoying after a while -- unless you elect to just not use the bib pockets at all.I may eventually make those modifications to the one I bought. Until then, I probably won't use it much anymore, if at all.
Bucket Boss has changed the style of this Bib Apron but they are still shipping it in the packaging that shows the old style.  My husband loved his old apron, now thoroughly worn out, and wanted another one just like it.  I went to the original source to buy another and found they no longer carried this simple style.  So, I headed for Amazon.com. I scrolled though the aprons, reading the reviews and noting the pros and cons of the various aprons until I found this one and ordered it.My husband is very disappointed with the new one.  The fabric is flimsy compared with his old one and the style is different.  The new one is like many of the ones shown, it has a strap that goes down the center of the back connecting to the neck strap and the waist strap.He will use the new one, mostly because it seems to be all that is available now. There is serious doubt that it will last as long as the old one since the fabric is now like normal cotton fabric instead of the heavy duckwear.Bucket Boss needs to bring their factory back to the United States.  I would gladly pay more to get good quality instead of the flimsy junk they make in China.
Apron seems to be durable and is comfortable - I like the material.  I read a complaint from someone about sawdust in the pockets being annoying.  I ignored that as being &#34;picky.&#34;  Lable me &#34;picky.&#34;  I don't like it either.  I keep a remote control in one of the pockets to turn shop vac and dust collector on/off.  I don't like the accumulation of sawdust around that - nor in the pockets in general.  I'm looking for a similar one with a better design.
This is a decent enough bib, a little shorter than I had hoped, but it gets the job done.  The material seems like it will hold up pretty well.  Made in Thailand.
Fits well and the quality of construction is great.  Unfortunately, the design could be lengthened by about two inches which would prevent screws, tape measure, etc. from falling out if you bend over to pick up a loose nut from the floor....
This bar clamp is handy to use and holds materials together, like having another hand.  However, it does not clamp materials as tight as a &#34;C&#34; clamp when you're sawing or hammering.
I bought this clamp to assemble mitered trim on doors and windows. It will clamp the pieces but won't pull the joint together. Turns out it is much faster doing it by hand. I am a professional carpenter and find this is too fussy to be efficient on the job site.  Also it won't accept 3 1/2 inch trim.  Perhaps this clamp is good for people who don't  need it to earn a living. I am dissapointed in this product.
This looks like a great idea, but as I clamped up a corner it opened up even though both sides were right on 45 degrees. Used other clamps to help, but still left a lot to be desired.  Maybe I got a bad one?? Have always appreciated Bessey products!
I thought I'd be able to use these to grind down an edge on my concrete driveway that had raised up about an inch. It was very slow going. After a few hours I finally wised up and bought a diamond grinding wheel instead, which worked much better (but was also much more expensive, of course).
I purchased this drill because I was looking for an inexpensive corded drill, and because my Bosch table saw is an excellent tool.  I'm a homeowner/woodworker, and I do most of my work my garage workshop, so battery-powered drills don't get me much.  This drill does fit the bill.I bought the drill, figuring that the reviews mentioning an inconsistent startup issues mentioned by the other reviews were old, and that Bosch would have fixed the issue.  But, alas, it's hard to tell exactly when and how quickly the drill will turn.  It's like the drill I learned to use 20 years ago as a kid.  This absolutely fine if you're drilling holes with conventional bits around the house -- but if your main use for this tool were to drive screws or turn a doorknob cutter, this drill would drive you crazy.Also, the motor's reduction-gear make an unexpected mechanical noise.  I took the drill apart and there was no inappropriate wear anywhere, so it's all good.  But it's just surprisingly for those of us who are accustomed to modern drills.The motor is reasonably powerful and I have yet to have it bog down on anything.It's a solid tool with decent ergonomics, and I expect it will give me years good service.  But, in the mean time, I'll be keeping an eye out for that elusive perfectly-designed reasonably-priced basic corded electric drill.
I used this to cut sheet goods to manageable size for my table saw. It is okay, but nothing special.
i bought this tool when it first came out and it has broken 3 times under light-to-medium use. i could have purchased a whole new tool by now. each time it has been the same problem, the clutch mechanism breaks. the clutch mechanism is linked to the piston that moves the blade back and forth. the clutch stalls the blade, in the event that the blade is pinched, like when cutting a stud at the bottom plate and the the weight of the stud soon shifts onto the blade, sending all that vibration into your arms. the clutch also prevents over torquing the motor. when it works, it's awesome. now i use my dad's old 4 amp milwaukee. this tool was built to last. i'm not sure why the new milwaukee isn't built like their older tools. my "super" sawzall broke, the last time, while i was cutting 3" out of a 8x12 lintel/header (in a single story) to accept a new door at the proper door height. the constant pounding of the blade against the pine lintel broke the clutch. i finished up the cut with my dad's 4 amp.after my milwaukee failed me, i considered switching to a different tool, instead of repairing my not-so-super sawzall, for the third time. i've looked at the new boschRS20 13 amp, but it doesn't have anti-vibration, like their older models. it's a beast to use and it cuts only medium fast, at 2,800 SPM (strokes per minute). i've never used the hitachi CR13A 11amp "swing-action" sawzall, but it's supposed to be twice as fast an orbital saw. it's cuts faster than the bosch. it's an older tool, with no gadgets, but is still a great tool. a great value too. the porter-cable angle-adjust TIGER CLAW 9747 is a great saw for cutting in tight spaces, where no other saw can get to, and an overall great tool. it cuts at medium speed, at 2,900 SPM. the HILTI WSR 1400PE, with "smart power," is by far the best recip saw out there, but it's a bit heavy&costs; almost 300.00(with side handle), but you can't put a price on quality. you can get a carbide blade for it, the first ever that i know of, so it will cut cinder block and clay pipe and cut out a window in stucco&metal; lath with ease. the smart power lets the motor run at consistent speed, instead of "bogging-down" during the cut, like every other tool. technically, it has a faster SPM than other saws; it just cuts faster. new in 2005, is the MAKITA JR3070CT 15 amp saw. i know previously that makita recip saws have really sucked, but this one has been re-engineered and is now the MOST POWERFUL RECIP SAW EVER! (besides the HILTI). it has all the features you need, counter-balance (anti-vibration), clutch (different than milwaukee's), 4-speed orbital, etc. it cuts very fast. dewalt recip saws are just ok. if you must buy a dewalt recip saw, like if you need it to match your yellow truck or other dewalt tools, buy the DW309k 11.8 amp. dewalt makes other great tools, their recip saws just aren't as good as HILTI, MAKITA, HITACHI, BOSCH and PORTER-CABLE.so many companies are forgoing quality and adding gadgets to their tools to get people to buy them. i just want quality. now that home depot/rigid owns milwaukee, i hope their quality doesn't drop any further.SEPT 2005: i'd like to add, that the new MILWAUKEE 6523-21 13 amp, 3,000 SPM SAWZALL has partially restored my faith in milwaukee. it is comparable in power and speed with the MAKITA JR30CT, according to stats. i just wonder if it will hold up under pressure.
I have used these blades for years in my construction business, and thought they were the best out there. But when I recieved these I noticed the teeth design was different. When I used them I could tell right away they didnt cut as well. Milwaukee should have left well enough alone.
Since the grab bar keeps sliding off, I found this awkward to use.  I purchased the higher end Milkwaukee 49-22-8510 right angle tool instead, and that one has a grab bar that is much more secure and practical to use.  Although this one is smaller for the super right spots.
I like this tool a great deal, but it only gets used when I can't use its bigger brother, theMilwaukee 49-22-8510 Right Angle Drill Attachment KitThe offset head is significantly cheaper than the Milwaukee right angle head and it really shows. The right angle head is a finely designed and machined tool, whereas this tool doesn't have that refinement. The right angle flange is especially problematic because it is not attached to the offset head by any means other than friction. So, you have to fool around with it a lot, having it fall off when you pick up the tool or simply fall down onto the drill or screwdriver chuck. It always seems to fall off at the most inconvenient times and then magically find its way under the biggest pile of the heaviest material in the area.  I suppose that if you used the tool enough, you'd get used to handling it just right, to minimize that issue, but for me, it's enough to cause me to always reach for the Milwaukee right angle tool first. I'm glad that I have the off-set head, because it is certainly useful at times, but I do wish that Milwaukee would upgrade the unit so that the thumb flange wasn't a hassle. If/when they do that, I'll buy another.
The only negative feature is that I feel theses plates should have been automatically included with the Bessey clamp, instead of being sold separately.
These are just rated &#34;OK&#34; in my shop.  They are certainly well made and they are better than the competition, but they have a fundamental design flaw in that they are a humongous pain in the bum to set up properly.If you are like everyone else and want to make a few sleds and use these as holddowns for fiddly bits of wood or a jig, you will quickly get irritated with the silly bolt setup and lack of adjustable range.I rate these as 5 stars for quality, but 1 star for usability and flexibility.  This is not MSI's fault, they are building to a design, but save yourself the pain and get something like the Kreg Automaxx instead.  Much better.  I bought two and it was like a light came on... amazing productivity increase.When MSI make an auto-model, I would certainly go with it.  their stuff, as mentioned, is very well made.
These don't work for frame-less cabinets, but for face frame cabs they let you clamp them together,fine tune the cabinet alignment, pre-drill for the fastener and screw them tight.
I purchased these Cabinet Clamps to install my new cabinets.  Overall these claps worked well but I was a little disappointed with their poor cabinet face frame protection and the small leverage screw for clamping
I read so many great things about these clamps, and the concept looked so good, I guess I expected more out of them than was really fair.  They do hold the stiles together, but then so do my wooden Jorgensens.  Most of the cabinets I install are in houses with walls that are not plumb or square, and I constantly have to shim to make them look good.I found that with the center plate that screws in toward the stiles to bring the edges flush, if you don't have the backs of the cabinets shimmed and screwed at least part of the way, they pull the right and left edges of the stiles around toward you.So I ended up using both my wooden clamps and the Claws and that worked nicely.  I would buy them again, but they are not a cure-all for my cabinet hanging headaches.  They certainly are the most innovative design anyone has come up with in a long time!
If these clamps are used as their design is intended (gluing up cabinet, drawer, etc joints), they perform adequately.  The thumbscrew works just fine for applying the desired pressure.  The adjustable head moves freely and effortlessly IF the bar is clean.  Be sure to immediately remove any glue drippings that finds its way to the bar or the next time you go to move the head it will hang up.  I used these clamps in gluing up a 2x4 laminated workbench top.  This operation stretched them (and then some) to the maximum of their capability.  Multiple clamps spaced closely together were required to press the bow out of some of my pieces.  In retrospect, a heavier duty " Pony clamp would have been better fitted for this particular job.  But if you use these within their limits, they will perform for a long time.
While these clamps are very nice, they are really expensive.  If you are looking for pipe clamps like this, you can definitely find them cheaper.  They are very handy though.PROS** Ease of use** You determine  length of clamp by the length of pipe.** Undoubtedly, a lifetime  tool.CONS** Expensive** Longer clamps tend to get awkward due to  the weight.** Round pipe can't be held as securely as square pipe.
These clamps are the little cousin of Pony's great 3/4&quot; pipe clamps.  While the 1/2&quot; clamps work fine within their limits, they do have  limits.  Applying a lot of pressure will flex a 1/2&quot; pipe, possibly  leading to an out of square joint.  I also do not think that the clamp  tightening mechanism is as well made as on the 3/4&quot; clamps, but it is  still pretty good.  I have several of these clamps and while I think they  are a good value for the money, I would suggest spending a few more dollars  for the 3/4&quot; clamps.
I had these (first clamps I purchased) and the 3/4" clamps. They all ended up at my dad's house and had to replace them. I didn't bother replacing the 1/2" because they flex too much. They might be fine with a 2' section of pipe to make a short clamp. I had a 4' pipe in mine.
I use it extensively for that quick clamping job and its ok as an instant fence. What I don't like is that it does not set square without checking first against another reference. Going thru that trouble gives me nothing extra against a homemade jig.
DeWalt makes good tools for the homeowner. I purchased this grinder because it looked and handled well. I wanted to use the grinder with a cut off wheel but found it can not without an adapter. DeWalt needs to put this information on the box. I had to return the grinder for this reason. This heavy duty grinder only does light duty tasks.
I bought this tool with the sole intention of cutting concrete for repair work around the yard. OK, OK, I know it's not the best tool for the job, but  why else would they sell the diamond wheel and supply instructions for this exact use?The fact that the guard supplied isn't rated for the 4 1/2" diamond wheel was a shame, I should have looked at the price of the "additional accessories" before I bought this thing, it turns a reasonable purchase into one I would reconsider. So, casting safety asside, I used the standard guard. In all, it's a fair grinder. I cut through 3" slab no problem, ground the edges on a set of brick pillars. The switch then started to get 'sticky' from all the dust... it cleaned out well enough, but it was an annoyance.I should have bought the Bosch.
A bench grinder is not a precision piece of mechanical equipment.Most of my grinders are Baldor.  The Baldor is quite a bit more expensive.  Another feature of the Baldor is that the motor is long and "slim".  That is nice for someone who wants to grind on a 3-foot long blade, for the motor does not get in the way.  The Dewalt motor will interfere with the sharpening of a 3 foot long blade. However, a bench grinder is not the tool to use for a long piece of metal.  The Dewalt is certainly adequate for general shop use.
I have been searching for a good grinder for a while now.As half of my tools are Dewalt, I thought I should give the DW756 a try - what a disappointment! The motor casing is at the same level as the wheel (BTW, the picture Amazon has posted is in fact of the 8-inch one, so there are different proportions!!!), so when I tried sharpening a mulching mower blade (which has a small curvature) I was unable to, as I couldn't get the blade in the proper position. Also, this Dewalt looks as a fake one manufactured in the back of a shed somewhere in China - paint drippings, strange color, etc. This is a powerful grinder though, and it is probably excellent for grinding everything else other than oddly-shaped items.I also had the opportunity to try to thePorter-cable 6" Variable Speed Bench Grinder with Light- at Lowes for 80 bucks, the 6" VARIABLE SPEED BENCH GRINDER 1/5HP- CRAFTSMAN at Sears for 100 bucks, and theDelta 23-198 6-Inch Variable Speed Grinder with Toolless Quick Changeon Amazon for 120. First of all, these are all almost identical, probably made by the same factory. The only differences are the wheel covers (some easier to take off - Delta; some a complete nightmare to replace - Porter Cable), the knobs (Craftsman), and some of the accessories. Oh, the Delta has a nice toolless system to change the wheels (I uploaded a picture there as well), but it doesn't change the fact that it is 40 bucks more expensive than the Porter and it is basically the same grinder. Of the three would recommend the Craftsman if on sale (the Porter can drive you nuts trying to reinstall those wheel covers), but all three seem toys compared to the Dewalt or the Palmgren.I also had the oportunity to thePalmgren 82061 6-Inch 1/3HP Bench Grinder with Wire Wheel, Dark Grey/Black, as there are some reviews mentioning its superiority over the Dewalt. Well, there is a huge improvement over the Dewalt indeed! There is superior craftsmanship - it feels and is very solid and well made. The wheel covers are thick cast aluminum compared to the shoddy Dewalt ones. The whole unit seems "svelte" - it is long and with a slim motor casing which allows for grinding or sharpening odd-shaped items (see the comparison pictures I uploaded). Also, this thing has very nice bearings - while the Dewalt would stop in a few seconds after being turned off (and whine while running), the Palmgren would still spin for a couple of minutes after turned off and it would run very quietly, with almost no noise. Also, there is a big difference in the resistance when spinning the wheels by hand between the two brands. There are two cons - one of the tools rests was not perpendicular to the wheel, and (as others noted) there is no wire wheel included as the title suggests. This is a great grinder and I definitely recommend buying it instead of the Dewalt!Oh, be safe and wear goggles!
This grinder works accepably so far - I just got it setup.  I find that it is quiet and nearly vibration free.  The eye sheilds are about 3/16" thick and best I've seen.  The tool rests are thick aluminum and adjust per usual.  The unit comes with a allen wrench and a holder for the wrench so you can adjust things.  The power cord is on the long side and is heavy and thick. That is all good.The bad part is aside from tool rests and sheilds, the thing looks so much like a unit one could be sold by one of those cheap tool import companies for far less - the rough paint job on the exterior of the motor, the crude but effective power switch, the lack of capacitor start.  The last thing surprised me, I've used a Sears 6" grinder for years and it starts in 1-2 seconds where this takes maybe 10-15 seconds to reach full speed.  Granted the 8" wheels are heavy.  Not a huge issue but seems like a cheap move given the brand/price point.The instructions also give some idea of where it was built and designed, instructions are not the same as for say a Dewalt router, it has low res pictures, broken english and disjointed assembly instructions - not that many will really need much of them.The comments regarding the motor lubrication, most electric motors in drill presses, table saws, etc these days are sealed for life.  You can argue about the need to lube, but unless in a production shop the point is probably academic.  Those in a production shop may want a heavier duty unit, IMHO.For a home shop or smaller mechanic shop this seems like a good grinder, but not sure if I'd buy again just because of the Dewalt name on it, seems to be the same sort of thing you can get anywhere except for nice tool rests and eye shields.
Revised: I have worked with trial and error to get the wheels better balanced (as they should have been from the manufacturer).The vibration out of the box was extensive. It now runs, what I would call, smooth enough. No major vibration spinning up, down or at full speed.It's not at all the bright yellow that is the usual Dewalt but a faded muted color.Other issues to resolve. The tool rests are a little out of whack, crooked in double axis, so for now, there won't be any "precision grinding" just lawn mower blades and such. The left black wheel guard is considerably bent/torqued which is making that side tool rest even more out of whack. Plenty of fixing over time, but sending it back to get another is equally a hassle. At least I know the shortcomings on this one and can hopefully resolve and improve the tool's usability.I just couldn't imagine paying full retail for this product with all the lack of detail in fit and finish. Dewalt, you need to up your game on this product. I've purchased other tools in this price range and even below which I would call exceptional, this one is not.
I love Dewalt products and own many of them. This is my first bench grinder and knew I'd be going with Dewalt again. I would most certainly have given this product an easy 5 stars if it werent for the assembly instructions. They were beyond pathetic.I've seen this before. A company uses all it's engineering talents designing the greatest product ever then figure their job is done. Now it's time to write the assembly instructions so they turn it over to some idiot that has no clue.When you design and assemble a power tool like this as much as they do, they tend to completely forget that NONE OF US has ever assembled one before. The drawings are so pathetic, they're more confusing than helpful and the step-by-step is just plain sad.I have a technical background and have assembled more things than you can imagine. This was just plain sad and pathetic. Have I used the word pathetic enough yet?It was a very frustrating experience, certainly not for the novice, let alone the technically inclined like me, and Dewalt should have put more thought into realizing that WE have never touched this product before so require a little more hand-holding when it comes to putting it together.Come on, Dewalt, get your act together and start pushing for those 5-star ratings you deserve.
The product arrived on time but the OEM box had been opened previously which casts doubt in my mind that the product was actually new when delivered to me.  For me, someone that is just getting use to the idea of online shopping, I don't like to see original packages that have been opened previously as it immediately makes me think that someone may have returned a problem and that problem was passed onto me.  Which may have been the case.  When I ran the grinder I found the same spindle wobble (run out, the machinists call it) other had talked about.  The yellow color doesn't even match the other Dewalt tools.  Before this product I associated the Dewalt name with high quality tools that carried a price tag commensurate to the value.  Now, I know that Dewalt doesn't always mean quality.
This tool is to hard to set up, and I can cut in a hinge just as fast with a wood chisel and sharp knife.  If I had several doors to do at one time, then I think it is more practical to use
This tool, while having the potential to be a mainstay of every professional Door Guy, has a few shortcomings. The advantages of this tool over the others are no small things. It is designed to clamp to the door not nail to it (for prefinished doors such as plastic laminate or glossy stain grade this is huge). Adjusting to a hinge size is as simple as loosening one finger tight screw and sliding the unit tight on the hinge, then tightening the screw. Setting the height of the template for each hinge on the door is simple and more accurate than most of the competitors products also (because the solid aluminum template contacts  the high edge of the door instead of being a small post in the center of the template about 1/4" away from the door edge). I have even customized mine so that I can cut just about any type of hardware that mortices into the edge of a door.On the other side of the coin, the first thing I noticed is that the template does not cut at a bevel. It only cuts at a 90 degree angle to the face of the door. So your hinge will have to be deep on the high edge of the door to be flush in the back. The screw clamps can wear out if you over tighten them because the template that they penetrate is only aluminum. Also the bases of the screw clamps can mar some of the more delicate finishes which requires some precautionary measures (tape).All of this said, I would still recommend this tool for anyone that wants to do a little work to build a multi-use template. I have used mine for Hinges, Manual and Automatic Flushbolt, Strike Plates, Roller Latches, Fire Bolts, Center Hung Pivots, Offset Pivots, Concealed Closers, and even Mortice Locks among others. You will want to start with a piece of aluminum angle 3/4 by 3/4 by 1/8 inch thick that you attach to the top front edge of the template to get a bevel.
It has amazing function, and yes, it accurate, but it does not ready to use out of the box. It needs some adjustment in order to function well. The spring is too strong, so, it bounch back hardly. Just cut the spring a little bit to reduce the bounch back force, and it will be ok. The sharp edge, it is not really sharp, because it sharpen in the wrong way, I think. It sharpen from outside in. The result is not so smooth cutting, and we have to smoothen it with chisel. We can fix the problem by re-sharpen it with diamond files. Just draw it from inside out following the angle of the square chisel. The bottom line is: this product is not ready to use out of the box, needs some adjustment, and it will perform as promised. Almost fair enough for the price. Although leaving a question: why Porter and Cable not just make the right product?
It does the job, still have to do chisel work.
Used mine for the first time today.  Very happy w/ the solid feel, and the rubber feet are impressive.  Kind of like construction or hiking boot soles.However those finger pinching metal hinges that are sure to get bent.Definitely not upset w/ my purchase, but would spend more money for solid, smooth operational hinges that lock.
This indeed is a multifunction ladder. It is difficult for one person to use as you have to pull pins in order to open or make adjustments. Using is as a straight ladder is almost impossible even with two people -it is indeed heavy duty (and very heavy too). Is does only take a little space to store it though and it did replace three ladders that were taking up space in my garage.
Subtitle: or &#34;Weight a Minute&#34;I have the shorter versions by competitors. I love them. I cheerfully ignored the comments by others regarding the weight, fully believing in my own omnipotence. Well, I was wrong. Carrying this is not a problem, but getting it up to it full height was nearly impossible. If I was 30 again... I wouldn't be writing reviews. And I'm sure that I could handle this ladder. If you very strong, or have a coworker, I strongly recommend having this ladder. It is a 12' step ladder which is very handy. I have totally no trouble dealing with it in the configuration. Oh, the accompanying CD is worthless. And I do plan to buy the stand-off attachment. The 3 star rating is for the weight. Everything else in wonderful, especially the fold-lock knobs that stay locked in the open position until you get to the next locking position. It make handling much easier.
Its steel.  Seems pretty strong.Limitations that you should be aware of:1) Heavy (x 2).2) you can't use this on a part of a roof with a ridge vent - it follows the contour of the roof - there is not space underneath to clear a ridge vent.3)  The edges are very sharp and it will dig into whatever roof material you have when you try to flip the ladder over after rolling it up the roof - you MUST rig up some padding.  I duct-taped on some left over pipe insulation.
These are steel and add a lot of weight to a ladder but the wheel is very nice and only while rolling it on the roof weight is not so much an issue.Before I found this, I used a werner ladder stand off (bull horn), lighter, more stable width and padded ends. It's a very versatile product and worked great. It just needed a roller to aid in getting it in position.Every description on multiple websites for this brand and others say they come as a single item, BUT the manufacturers recommend 2 of these hooks for safety, but they only sell them as single items and not in pairs. If 2 are necessary, then sell 2, not 1.I feel the $20+ price for a manufactured piece of steel, a swivel wheel, and powder coating is fair and then add shipping and retailer mark-up to be in business.
Dad is extremely mechanical and a great wood worker. However, he couldn't put it together. We think the medal frame is bent. That means it was bent at the factory and placed in the box even though it was bent:-( Dad called B&D; and they told him to take to the local B&D; repair center and they will fix it for him.B&D; returned the unit assembled a week later. They did it under warranty.
I had one of these since when they first came out in my area. That was maybe about 16 years ago. I was looking on Amazon for table saw accessories and saw this one for only $69 with free shipping, so I bought it thinking it would be nice to have an extra one on hand.The first one never made it and got destroyed in transit. The second one arrived a few days later. The box was also torn and the box open, but everything was there.Boy they sure make these cheap compared to the way they used to make them. I don't think this could be made any cheaper. I also don't think the clamping feature works as well as the original version. The linking of the clamping screws with a plastic belt actually makes it less effective as a clamping tool.I think the $69 price I paid is about right, but I know i wouldn't pay the $89 that it is now listed for. Why anyone would pay full price for this (listed @ ~$180) is beyond me. It is described as being able to hold 550 lbs, but I wouldn't ever load it with that much weight. I think it would collapse. I think for using it as a basic sawhorse for cutting wood with a circular saw or by hand or for using it as a portable stand for tools is about as far as I would stress it. So I probably wouldn't put more than 50 lbs on it.As long as you know what you are getting and you find a good price for it, I think you will be happy with it, but if you had the original, you may be disappointed in the lack of quality in this version.
I bought this unit to replace my (several) year old (and failing) Workmate bench. To say the new units are not built as well as the older units is something of an understatement.The top attachment is not as goodThe alignment of the screw (clamps) is not as good.The list goes on and onBut, it's still a useful item
I had one of the original workmates in my wood shop (I am a professional sign carver) for 20 years.  When it finally gave up the ghost, I replaced it with this model.  Is @ as sturdy as the old model, but too many parts, etc... I also don't know yet if I will like the dual handle clamping system - my gut feeling is it will break.  I'll keep it, but will buy another 225 model.
The Workmate WM425 is an excellent movable work table, but Black & Decker has managed to make it very likely that you'll find it damaged upon opening if you buy one.The problem is that the WM425 was designed to be shipped partly disassembled, but is now being shipped almost completely put together.  There are plastic blocks that act as large nuts to receive the bolts that hold the bamboo plywood planks to the metal framework.  The bottom part of each block has a narrow section that fits in a slot in the metal framework, and "wings" below the slot that push against the sides of the slot to resist the occasional upward force on the plank.  In normal use these plastic wings don't have to withstand a lot of force because gravity is keeping the planks in place.  When folded up and shipped in an unpadded cardboard carton, the frequent sideways forces from the truck starting and stopping will cause the heavy planks to rip the plastic wings off.  Each of the two sliding planks in my WM425 arrived with a broken plastic block.The instruction sheet that comes with the unit tells how to assemble the WM425 from separate parts.  Since these parts are almost all already in place, the conflicting instructions are confusing.  And Black & Decker seems to be in denial that the units are sent already assembled, because the customer service person proclaimed vigorously that the instructions matched the shipped units.  I had to mail in the broken plastic blocks to get replacements; this took about three weeks.---Once you get a working WM425 you'll have a very nice folding work table with a couple of limitations.  The table is fairly heavy, so folding and unfolding is a bit cumbersome.  For twice-a-weekend frequency it's OK; you probably wouldn't want to fold the table up hourly.  The second limitation is the clamping system, which slips after you apply moderate force.  I haven't found anything that required more gripping force than I needed, yet.I'm building a router table that uses the WM425 as a base.  With the middle plank removed there's adequate clearance for even a large router, and the other two planks will clamp onto cleats on the underside of the removable table top to keep everything very stable.  When I don't need the router table it'll pop off the WM425 and hang from a wall hook, and the WM425 will fold to free up garage space.Summary: Very nice folding work table which will support heavy materials and clamp fairly large pieces for you to work on.  But it's NOT RECOMMENDED for mail order.
Portable workbenches are a given for most guys but this one is not the best around. The one-handed clutch broke after 2 months, as did the handle turn for both sides. It is just a cheap piece that cannot bear much wear, but it is necessary for work space. Continue the quest, or pay the bucks. Two to three stars
This bench is an ideal addition to any workshop, basement, shed, etc.  It folds up nice and compact, and serves as a great place for quick set ups and light clamping.The 90 degree clamping feature is handy, though very limited.  It can really only clamp narrow objects, since the rails get in the way and there's only about 1" of clamping surface.  Being able to move two of the top sections is certainly a plus, though the plastic securing pegs seem like they'll eventually break.In comparison to my old 79-001 "Deluxe Dual Height" Workmate that belonged to my father and is now mine, the clamping deck doesn't have nearly as much opening/closing travel, the parts are mostly cheap plastic, and it doesn't have stiffening boards to keep the top flat.  Two of the three decks on mine are bowed, and it's never been used for anything heavy or has been hammered on.I rarely use the orange deck clamps and they often get misplaced.  A storage spot would be nice to keep them from getting lost, though I'm sure B&D; doesn't mind selling replacements :)  There are two holes in the step area that look like they might hold them, but they're a tad too small and the pegs get jammed up if you try to store them there (I found that out the hard way)
I have two workmates. I purchased the first about 25 years ago (and still have it). I purchased the second, the WM425 about a year ago thinking it would be the same, or at least close to the same unit.  But the construction is flimsier. The gauge of the metal is significantly reduced. The wood jaws are "cheaper" and the vise doesn't work as well.I just bought a copy of Scott Landis' THE WORKBENCH BOOK, which has a final chapter on the Workmate and its inventor, Ron Hickman. The chapter includes pictures of the earliest version(s), which appear to be considerably sturdier than more recent models (including the one I purchased 25 years ago!).My bottom line is that this is a well-designed product, but I'd pay twice the price to get a model that was better made.  This would be a how I would describe most Stanley Tools: by appealing to a mass market, quality suffers considerably. As my Mother used to say, "You get what you pay for." While the WM425 is a decent tool, it would be much better if it were sturdier and higher quality, with an expected price-point to match.
For the most part the assembly went well until I came to install the pins in  the 2 crank shafts.  I just couldn't be done.  So I resolved buying 1/8x24 hardware bolts to substitute for the pins; However, I had to drill out the plastic and steel shaft to accommodate the #8 hardware I used.  other than that, things are proceeding.  At this point I have mixed reactions.
I've been using this unit for almost a year now and it works for it's intended use.  The units plus sides are it's collapsible, the work center length can be made to any size you want using standard 2x6 lumber, the legs can be used for saw horses when not being used as a work center.  The negative side is it's hard to keep the table tight using the stock equipment on standard studs,  table is too narrow for most saws in my opinion, when the saw is bolted to the table (which is required unless you want your saw to fall off the narrow table) it is hard to store the table and saw as it will not sit flat due to the design of the tables mounting frame.Overall I would not buy this system if I was to do it all over again, I would buy the Dewalt DWX723 which is a much better system.
As a framer I don't know how I've got along without one. What a time saver for cutting rafters or any racked lumber.  Just keep an oil can by your side.  The only problem was after a few months the bar wore out and the entire tool just got sloppy.
Bare metal -not like the pix
I purchased this to be able to hook my nail gun to my tool belt. When working up on a ladder is handy to be able to hold it while I am working. Seems to be strong enough and the quality appears to be good. My only complaint is that some times it tends to slide up and once- off my belt while I was maneuvering around. Would be good if the manufacturer designed it with some knurling on the inside of the clip to prevent upward slipping.
There is a Worm Drive cult in the carpentry world. Grown men act like babbling little boys running for the ice cream truck whenever they hear the words "worm drive". There's no doubt that they are fine saws, and powerful, but take a deep breath. I can due virtually anything a worm drive can do with my little 10.5 Amp makita circular saw... except convert it to a 10-1/4 Circular saw.However, who really needs 10-1/4? If you are going to be cutting green 4x4's, this saw will not cut through them. This saw will only cut through a "nominal" 4x4. So... if you want to build that log cabin or timber frame out of true 4x4's, this saw won't help you. Or, if you want to gang cut a stick framed house, this saw won't help you. You'll need at least 5-1/2 inches to gang cut the modern stick framed house. I suspect that when this conversion kit was invented, 2x4 walls were code. In those days, this saw could gang cut your studs, but no longer, unless you're not building to code.If you want to cut through doubled plates, then an 8-1/4 inch saw will do the same for a fraction of the cost and far less weight. Makita's new 5008MGA, Magnesium 8-1/4 Inch SideWinder cuts 3 inches deep, 3/4 of an inch less than the Big Foot for twice the price. (As of writing this, Amazon still isn't selling the saw. It's relatively new.)If you just have to have a 10-1/4 saw, then I would probably choose the Big Foot over the Makita 5201NA 10-1/4-Inch Circular Saw. I too can't resist the siren call of the worm-driven saw, even if it's going to cost me $50 dollars more.However, if you *really* want a saw that cut's everything, the Makita 5402A or 5402NA is the saw you want. This circular saw really will cut just about all your beams in one pass and will gang cut a modern stick framed wall. The only saw that competes with it might be the Big Foot 14 Inch Circular Saw. I own the Makita. I've used the Big Foot 14 incher. The advantage of the Big Foot is that it weighs half as much as the Makita. The Makita cuts 6-1/4 inches deep, the Big Foot 14 cuts 5-3/4 inches deep.The Makita costs less.The Big Foot 14 inch saw looks cooler.Choose wisely.
i have two, i don't use them often though. they do remove stock fast while sharp but they lack control and even in the roughing process they can get away from you and really screw up your piece.use with care. don't buy it if you're 'excited' about it, or just have to have it. go eat some ice cream until the need to buy materialistic 'new toys' goes away. and it is just another new toy for most people. the next slap chop or shamwow. it has some uses but mostly stays on the shelf. if you do big sculpture it might help but then again you should have a chainsaw with big and small bars made for that kind of work.
This is a nice tool but honestly do not think it is worth MORE THAN 10 bucks.  Even at 10 inches, the shank is really small for my large hands.  Made in China like most everything, I think you could go to Home Depot and get one at almost twice the size for about the 16-17 range.  The small size and cost factor gives this a 3 Star only. I was mildly  disappointed.
Ok maybe not throw it away but not use it for your good cutting.  I have owned several of these saws and remember feeling impressed the first time I ever used one.  It cuts faster and smoother than a traditional american push saw.That being said there is NO Comparison to a real Japanese saw.  I have a few real ones now and I will never bring this saw out again unless I am cutting framing material.  The steel in Japanese is unique and it stay sharper and cuts smoother.  Japanese saw are easier to control and the Handles are amazing.  They are much more expensive but I guarantee i can cut 2-3 times faster and neater than you can with this saw.  There is little to no effort and the saw does the work.  I used a new Japanese saw to cut a Rock maple cabinet down so that it could be modified for a TV stand.  I put a nice piece of granite on top when done.  The Shark could touch this wood and the Japanese saw went right through.  I still use the shark once in a while but only when I am scared I will hurt my japanese saw.
This is a fine saw, but it is not a real flush cut saw. Test it on scrap before attempting to flush cut anything!
I bought this saw because it was an inexpensive way to try a japanese-style pull saw. I ended up really liking the pulling action, but I have had a lot of trouble getting this particular saw to make accurate cuts. The blade is just too flexible. It is excellent for making flush cuts, though. If you want to do accurate joinery with a Japanese saw, I suggest a dozuki-style saw, which has a stiffener attached to the back of the saw to keep the blade straight.
I've always used homemade versions of the tweaker out of wood and thought it was time to try the real thing.  It  works ok, but the handle is too short to lever the worst 2x6's around without getting some unneeded arm exercise.  If it was maybe 6-8 inches longer and a little lighter and still sold for the 30 some bucks, then I would be impressed.
I used the tool to reassemble a water damaged deck. I rebuilt a rotted, irregular shaped sleeper frame and put back in place about 18 warped 6" Ipe boards. I wished the tool gave me a bit more leverage with some of the most recalcitrant boards, but it did the job. I don't have a huge amount of experience building decks. I can't compare the BoWrench with other products, but I wondered if the cost of tool was high relative to the materials that went into the unit. Other issues:1. This was not a problem for me, but, if your deck is walled in, and your boards are warped at the rim joists, the tool is going to be of marginal (sic) help.2. The instructions are minimal.3. The cotter pins have a tendency to pop out. This started as an occasional problem, but it seemed to increase in frequency over time and it seemed most likely to happen when I was working with the trickiest boards. By the time I reached my last few boards, the pins were popping out on 30-40% of my attempts to use the tool. I was working on a roof deck; the entire neighborhood probably heard my cursing. There has to be a way to provide a product that, out of the box, has a more secure fastener for the clevis pins.I suggest all three of the following remedies to the issue with the cotter pin: (a) The manufacturer should supply a more secure pin. (b) The manufacturer should supply a few extra pins in the parts package. (3) The deck builder should be sure to bring extra pins to the work site.The minimalist parts components and the above defects did not make me feel that the tool was a great value. On other hand, given the warped boards I was handling, the tool was invaluable. I am not sure how I would have reassembled the deck without the BoWrench.
I lost my Estwing 21&#34; nail puller and decided to try this brand (being a bit cheaper). It's a decent puller but I find that the pointed ends on this tool are not as sharp or machined as well as on Estwings
The hammer itself is self is great and the handle is more comfortable then the 'rubber' estwing I have. The low star rating is two fold. One Amazon put a control sticker with near permanent glue on the handle which took quite a while to remove the glue residue it left behind. The handle is the sole purpose you get this hammer over other Estwings and that is a catastrophically bad place to put a sticker like putting a pin through a rain jacket.The other complaint is the stickers used by Estwing were in equally stupid places with equally strong glues (The Estwing stickers I got were not lined up properly... flapping in the breeze and suffered from the chemicals I used to remove the glue from the handle but I would have normally left them on. ).I know it is a hammer it is gonna get dirty and beat up but the glue left over was strong enough to nearly hold the hammer against gravity to my hand.  That is not something I want or need near my tool belt or other tools. That stuff  is just going to get gritty and nasty is no time and get all over everything else. I don't like buying a new items and then needing to clean it for 20 minutes before I can use it.I would suggest using those easy to remove stickers on the hammer for packaging and labeling.
I had ordered the shark puller but received this wicked looking thing instead. Too much of a hassle to return to Amazon, so I'll keep it. Right off the bat, this thing was taking indentations with just a couple whacks of my hammer. It is very capable of digging nails out, however, but the steel is obviously not very hard. The saw wrench is okay, but the large head of the nail pick makes it a little tricky to get on the nut. It will work on the fly, but a crescent or fitted wrench works way better. The bottle opener is also pretty poorly designed and takes a couple of tries before you can pry off the cap. It's a flashy tool, but I have my doubts as to how long it will hold up. Oh well, when it breaks, I'll just order the Shark again.
DeWalt is Black and Decker. Don't let the yellow fool you. Lower middle-of-the-road quality for all their stuff, in my opinion. Go Makita!
It seems to chip tiles.  I would bet this is better on concrete of brick.  Not so sure I can recommend this for tile or marble.
Great rig, agree with all the reviews. FYI, it will stain everything as you sweat. The red leather has ruined several shirts of mine. And this thing will make you sweat-
I have tried several combination squares, those made by Stanley, Wood River, several offbrand's, and now Starrett. Of these, the Starrett is easily the most accurate as a square. I tested this by tracing a line on a piece of wood that I knew was square, then flipping the combination square and retracing the same line. The lines matched up perfectly.I was disappointed that the numbers appear to be printed on the blade instead of stamped or laser etched. Having said that, the markings are easy to read and accurate, but I have concerns over how long those numbers will last under heavy use.
Swanson has been around since - what - 1929?  Well, this square looks like it was cast from a mold from 1929! The markings look very crude.  Kudos that it is made in USA, but I saw the Empire square (also made in USA) at the Orange Box store for the same price and the readability was markedly better.  I think it was this product that I intend to replace the Swanson with:Empire Level e2992 Heavy-Duty Magnum 7-Inch Hi-Vis Rafter SquarePerhaps there are some minor differences, but nothing that would make me pick the Swanson over the Empire AFAIK.
Mine went out after a while,(OK quite a while) I go to return it and their website says only one year guarantee. I Will replace it with one that come with lifetime guarantee.
I love the features and so far so good.  I am concerned about one of the other reviews that states it won't work in cold weather.  Being a tool for a contractor there is no excuse for it not working in all types of weather.  I am also not sure how it will hold up. Not that it looks cheap, but I can;t say it looks bulletproof either.  In our business I need bulletproof, so a more expensive tougher unit may have been a better choice for us.  I'll update later after a few months of use.
Was suggested to buy with the nailer set but the hose that came with the set it is really not needed.
its okay.  very little give, and very stiff.  its tough for sure and I would recommend it for sure if it was going to be the air line in your gas station the car run over to notify you that someone's at the full serve pump.  wait, do they still do that?!used plenty of air lines, and ease of flexibility isn't something you think of when you buy a line.  its cool, it was cheap, so just a head up.
Have had trouble so much from Porter Cable's vinyl hose, after reading all the reviews, bought one a month ago.So far it's good. All the reviews are true. Very durable and all fittings are in good quality.However the hose is not that flexible. It's a little better but still causes troubles - catching other stuffs on the floor - just like typical hose.
We bought a Fixer-upper, my wife and I, and as a recently retired residential designer, I returned to my earliest occupation-- arough carpenter. A lot has changed since the 70's I still had my 20 oz hammer but I was dismayed at how those little muscle skills had disappeared so I bought a little job site compressor, a package of nail guns and a package that included some brass fittings, a tire inflator, tire pressure guage and a blower and a 25 foot 1/4 inch diameter plastic hose. The hose was an accident waiting to happen as its coils rolled unpredictably around.Now, I worked in gas stations right out of High School and we had a variety of impact wrenches and Tire Man units powered by compressed air; the hoses were always rubber, they were stood up well to abuse and they laid flat and remained flexible when cool (really cold made them a bit harder to manage). I knew there was better available.That is what I wanted. That is what this product is -- it just a different color (used to be orange) and I got 50 feet so my little pancake compressor can be on the back porch while I am inside, working, and when it starts up, it frightens the neighbors pets, not mine.Amazon delivered on time at a decent price and I am content.
I have 3 50 ft. yellow rubber Goodyear hoses, but wanted a shorty for my portable compressor. The first time I hooked this up, it blew one of the ends off...turns out the crimp collar to hold the fitting to the hose was never put on one end. Amazin' Amazon replaced it, no problem, but it's still an extra trip to the post office to return it. Anyway, it's a decent inexpensive hose, but a little stiffer than the rubber ones. Fills the bill for portability.
This is a very high-quality air hose with good brass fittings but it has a tendency to "coil" much more easily than I'd prefer and this makes it something of a pain to use. I'll continue to use it but think that I'll also invest in another hose that's a bit easier to use and store (perhaps I'll permanently install this one in my shop).
Like some of the other reviews, this air hose does what it's intended to do - bring air from a compressor to a tool - with no problems. The problems arise when the air hose is subject to cooler weather. This hose is difficult to coil in warm weather - FORGET ABOUT trying to coil it when it's cold out - unless you really want to fight with it for way longer than any working man would want to. I'll keep it as an extension when needed, but I'm done fighting it; I'm switching to rubber.
YOU CAN SEE AND FEEL THAT THIS HOSE IS VERY DURABLE.ITS ALITTLE HEAVIER AND SHORTER FOR JOBS AROUND THE HOUSE,BUT I USE IT AS A SECOND HOSE TO BLOW SAWDUST AROUND.I ALSO USE IT OUTSIDE IN THE GARAGE TO FILL MY CAR TIRES.SO WHEN YOU DRAG THE HOSE AROUND ON CONCRETE IT WONT WEAR AWAY LIKE THE THINNER HOSES..GOOD PRICE TO HAVE AN EXTRA HOSE AROUND.....
I like mine , the color is a bonus.I dont use this type in cold weather as it gets too stiff. In the cold I use rubber.This is why I rated 3 stars .
Wish I bought just the stuff I needed at Home Depot.  Would have saved some money.  Quality was not a problem though I have no use for the tire pressure guage.
I ordered these along with an air stapler and also some 1 1/2" staples. I got these first. And WOW.... did I get them. I opened the shipping box to find all the staples were already out of their box and all over the shipping box. There were alot of them broke apart and some were mashed almost closed. Yes, I will be able to use the majority of them , but I will probably find another way of getting my next staples. All it takes is a little TLC with the packaging to make sure it's safe. I know all packages that go across country or across town get treated like crap, but if you pack the majority of items right, they will endure alot of abuse and still stay intact. I just hope my other staples make it through....
Not nearly as fast or powerful as a regular nailgun.  It leaves nails sitting proud when firing into engineered wood or old old-growth framing, like we have so much of here in San Francisco.  At certain angles (toe nailing)the Paslode is frustratingly hard to fire.  Depending on the angle, I sometimes have to press with two hands, which is far from convenient.  It sometimes will move the stud that I am trying to nail because I have to press so hard to actuate the thing.I own this gun and the Paslode angled finish nailer.  The finish nailer is one of the best tools ever invented, the framing nailer leaves a bit to be desired for commercial work.On the upside, it seems to be very durable, and I'm happy with the performance of the batteries and the fuel cells.  It just doesn't have the power, speed or finesse of a regular nailer.  Portability is its main feature.Who knows?  Maybe the one that I own is bunk, because the majority of reviewers here-and there are a lot of them-seem to love it.
1. The concept is great !2. I have used 3 different units that were each new to like new and found a lot of miss fires on two of them even with oem nails . I tried single strips and double strips to no avail.3. The unit that did function was good for about 5 out of 8 nails fired.4. It will not drive into treated wood fully ( 1/4 &quot; protrusions were common .5. a tooless drive depth adjustment would help in time consumption ,( in soft spruce and similar woods it countersunk well ).6. you cant bump fire and you must depress then wait for the fan to engauge before firing ( too slow ).7. dont buy one , rent it .
works well i would have liked lithium but they havent made that yeti use this in the roofing gun
I had to take this off my list because I need something that shoots three inch nails, plain and simple.  Hitachi makes one, but its not on amazon.  Up in wisconsin, we're sheathing and then adding 5/4 polystyrene, then tyvek, then 1/4 in of siding.  It leaves a 2 1/2 in nail buried just shy of 3/4 of an inch into the framing.  Working with the weight of cement siding, you'll want to have a bit more bite than that.
I have  a couple of other manufacturer's tool holders.  This one is alright, but not as good as a couple of the others.  It's longer and therefore more cumbersome. The release is good, but two of the others are more comfortable to use.
I'm not the biggest fan of DeWalt and Stanley tools by any means, having been more than a little disappointed in the past, so when I bought this my expectations were low. What can I say? It does what it advertises. I wish it was a simple flip over like the competitive brand advertises on TV. But I guess they have their reasons for engineering it this way. I found it a bit annoying having to pop it out to reverse from drill to screw, but it's still faster than manually switching or using two drills. Also, maybe it's just my preference, but to swap you push up on the collar? My brain keeps telling me to push down. Confusing?
I purchased thes to go with my makita 10.8v set that requires 1/4" hex drive.  I am very happy with how sharp these bits are but one broke on it's first use.  I already had a dewalt bit holder that these fit in otherwise I would not have purchased as a holder is key.
The steel on these bits are not strong enough. After using it for a while, the bit dulls and it tend to walk instead of biting into the pilot hole. This is noticeable especially drilling into hard wood.
So I purchased this drill bit to pre drill my face frames for fastening my cabinets together.  The drill bit it self was perfect but to me the hole size was two big but this is not the products fault this is due to a website that recommended me using this drill bit for fastening cabinets.
My 1/4 drive sockets hold and remove well enough, although removing has little more resistance than necessary.  Sockets don't feel firmly sitted, but that may be from my sockets.
I purchases about 2 of these a year for my business and they have excellent staying power.  The only issue I have every found is that the slip tends to come off the shaft after 4-6 months of what I consider to be normal useage.
It took me the better part of two evenings to get these tables installed and adjusted properly. Even after I got them the way I wanted them, during use they didn't provide the positive support I was hoping for.I mostly just use them to keep the workpiece from falling to the floor.
These are the most irritating part of buying a Performax 16-32 Drum Sander.  First of all, they aren't included with the sander.  One of those hidden gotcha's that you always run into with big power tools.  Secondly, they are a &^%$! to align and keep aligned.  I have no good advice here.  You just keep trying until, suddenly, everything works.  And third, they aren't as ridgid as something in this price range should be.The fourth irritating fact is that you really do need them.  Without, you are always at risk of uneven or off level feed with anything larger than a chessboard.  And nothing is worse than having your drum sander convert hours of painstaking work into sawdust.  Avoid the expense at your own risk.  I suppose you could build a stationary sanding table for the beast that would make these unnecessary, but if you are like me and whell things about this is the only option in town.
These need a design change that allows something other than a mallet to adjust them. As a retired machine shop supervisor, I could design something myself that would work well, but it's more trouble than it's worth, unless I have to repeatedly re-adjust them. I spent more than an hour screwing with them. Once adjusted they work fine, but installing them properly can put you in a bad mood.
OK NOT MUCH ON REVIEWS BUT HERE GOES.I BOUGHT TWO SAWS AT THE SAME TIME,ONE WAS FINE SMALL ADJUSTMENTS AND A VERY GOOD SAW.THE OTHER SAW WAS THE PITS!!! COULD NOT EVEN MOUNT THE BLADE WITHOUT TAKING THE SAW APART AND READJUSTING EVERYTHING,AND I MEAN EVERYTHING.THE WELDED IN ANGLE THAT THE TILT MOUNTS TO WAS IN THE WRONG PLACE BY 1/4 " TALKING TO POWERMATIC WAS FINE THEY GAVE A LOT OF HELP AND SUPPORT BUT FEEL THAT THERE QC DEPARTMENT SHOULD HAVE DONE BETTER THEY MUST HAVE BEEN ASLEEP THE DAY THIS SAW WAS MADE.I GAVE A 3 STAR RATEING BECAUSE ONE SAW WAS FINE AND THE OTHER ONE WAS BAD.NOTE: IF I HAD TO DO THE ADJUSTMENTS WITH OUT LOOKING AT THE OTHER SAW TO SEE HOW IT SHOULD GO IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A LOT HARDER.
I was looking for a flat tooth blade to make saw kerf finger jointed corners.  I needed a blade with a kerf as near to 3/32 as possible.  The product description of the LU87R010 indicated a 0.094 kerf which would have been perfect for my needs.  While the blade cuts nice flat-bottomed kerfs, they are not .094" but closer to .104".  I suspected that my saw was poorly aligned, but then I measured a tooth on the blade and found tht each tooth is .104".  I had a similar experience with the 30 tooth alternate tooth blade from Freud, which is specified as producing a 0.091" kerf.  If you don't care about the kerf size, the blade is fine.
This blade is to be used for ripping and that's what I bought it for. It does a fairly good job, but leaves saw marks. The lower number of teeth does indeed affect the quality of cut. This does not equal a &#34;glue line rip cut&#34; , without a pass accross the joiner. In the future I'll most likely buy a higher count tooth blade.Big Mo
Never owned a Freud blade before bought this one because of the price, its well made very sharp but what Im noticing is how aggressive this blade is. You really got to stay alert when using it, have already had a couple times where it seems to grab the wood and pull it. Maybe it just me not use to a qaulity blade like this. Im use to big box cheap blades.
I bought this blade hoping it would be a great blade at a great price.  I only used it on red oak and it burned the wood more than my craftsman blade.  It also did not leave a smooth surface, instead it left tiny scoring lines.  I sent it back and got a ridgid titanium at the Home Depot and I am happy with that one, its made by Freud in Italy.
This is a great blade for cross-cutting and angled cuts.  puts an edge on the wood that you could shave with.  If you want to rip with it then buy a different blade.  it is Awful.
I'm not sure what Sigmund was thinking when he designed these blades but they seem to have limited therapeutic benefit. Its not that its not a awesome blade. Its the quality control. If you get a good one it will deliver good mental hygiene. If its a bad one you will rue the day you bought this blade. A good one -- smooth cuts, strong and straight. Lasts forever. A bad one will show itself really quickly. I've owned many of these and would put your odds at 10:1. 10 good to every 1 bad. Recommended --but good luck on the lottery.
First of all, I am very happy with the nice clean cut I get with rounding operations using this bit. I've used it on elm end grain with no problems. Here's what ticks me off:1. The additional cutting bits that make this a quadra  are partial length and (as far as I can see) don't come into play with a simple rounding over operation. They come into play only when you do beading, which you can't do with this bit as it is. I would have bought the standard bit if I had known that.2. In order to do beading you have to purchase ANOTHER bearing and washer to the tune of about $26.3. If you decide it's worth it to part with the $26, you'll find that the bearing recommended for this bit has an ID of 3/16" The shank on the end of the bit is 1/4". Both amazon and the Freud website have the same conflicting information.Several other reviewers have had similar complaints. I would be glad to make this review more positive if Freud would provide some answers. So Freud, this is one of your customers with a problem. Your comments are welcome. Let's see if you care enough to respond.
The concept is appealing. Treat your edges with this bit and glue them together. More glue surface means a stronger joint.The problem is that one must be exact with the positioning of the bit...and I mean exact. If your're off by a hair, your error is mutlplied twice by the same error on the other board. In addition, the cut of the bit takes off about 1/8&quot; off each board. It also would have helped if the company published the center point of the bit. I assumed it was 1/2 the overall height.To be fair, this is a well made bit with plenty of heft. Running it around 18000 rpm produced the best performance. If you are interested in this type of edge glueing you might also want to take a look at the company's other offerings, particularly the finger joint edge glue bit. This bit does not need to be exacrly centered but raised or lowered 7/32&quot; to provide a match.
It cut beautifully, but after the work was finished, I found the miniscule set screw for the top bearing stop had disappeared.  Searches at 3 hardware stores told me that this set screw was special order from manufacturer, and Freud charges too much for the screw.  At least it could've been tightened from the factory.  I know to tighten it from now on, but I returned this one as a defect.
I was expecting Freud quality but I got Diablo quality.  I'm not sure why there is a difference but there is.  The set looked a little on the cheap side for the price.  I did not even try to drill with them so I don't know if they would perform well - I just felt that they were not the Freud tool quality that I was expecting and decided they were not worth the money to me so I returned them.
The cutting tool part of the set appears very well made and I didn't have any problems cutting rabbets in Maple.I gave it 3 stars for the reasons a.The 1/4 inch rabbet combination actually gives a 3/16 inch rabbet, and there appears to be no combination for 1/4 inch,b. using the assembly per the instruction sheet thebearing was touching the cutting edge (I ended up using  the large spacer), and c. There are a lots of small parts and if the plastic package had feet molded in it along with all of the small compartments it would stand level...instead it tends to fall on it's side.I suggest consider CMT another good brand.
I bought this fence to breathe new life into my old Craftsman table saw. The fence is a breeze to set up, and works wonderfly. The on caveat (and this is a big one) is the the U26 doesn't support using wing extensions, making the 26 inch to the right it advertises useless with some table saws. I returned it and purchased the Mule Accusquare M1025.
I've had this fence for a week now and have had time to use it a bit. These are my impressions based on what I observed during the installation and using it for the past week.Installation - there are two brackets that hold the front fence rail to the saw. I have a Jet contractor's saw, and the brackets didn't line up with the pre-existing holes on the front of the saw. The brackets are about an inch closer together than the holes, which means one bracket slides on completely while the other is barely over the hole. Instead of boring out and tapping new holes, I went with that. Boring out and tapping would also have to be done too close to the existing hole. The back rail went on just fine, and the fence went together very easily. When I brought the fence right up to the blade to set the "0" mark on the indicator, I found that there wasn't enough play to adjust the indicator window to the "0" mark. Instead, I had to peel the measuring tape off the front rail and move it down about half an inch, after which I could zero out the fence.Performance - overall, I'm very pleased with the performance of the fence. It slides along the rails easily and locks down securely using the main locking mechanism. The fence is rock solid with very little deflection. One thing I would like to have seen are fence sides, either laminated MDF or UHMW. They include long wood screws for anyone who would like to add an auxiliary fence side.There are two locking mechanisms on the fence: The big main one and a smaller one for use with the micro-adjuster. The way you use the micro-adjuster is you lock the fence down with the small lever, then release the big lever. This frees you up to make micro adjustments to the fence position. When you have dialed in the correct distance, you then lock the big lever down and unlock the small lever. The micro-adjuster locking mechanism on mine slips very easily, however. When I lock the small lever down and start dialing, sometimes the fence stays put and the micro-adjuster moves. If I push the fence from side to side while the small lever is locked down, it moves with little effort. I am going to see if cleaning with mineral spirits and roughing up the locking cam with some sandpaper will fix this.Overall, I think this fence is pretty good. It's certainly better than the stock Jet Fence that came with my saw (bigger, beefier, and more solid). I gave it a 3 only because it didn't fit my saw properly (which is a common saw) right out of the box and the micro-adjuster slippage. Otherwise, I'd recommend this fence to anyone upgrading from a stock fence.
After 40 years, I finally decided to 'upgrade' to a commercially-available fence ... I like my home-made one better.The illustration shown a 'finger saver' but you don't get that.The VEGA's more robust no doubt.I've installed mine 'opposite hand' ... no big deal; need to buy a right-to-left rule [from Oregon] ... VEGA recommended the 1/2&#34; metal, but it wouldn't conform to the curvature of the 2&#34;D front rail; so I ordered a 3/4&#34; mylar from Oregon [they charge you double the shipping when not ordered thru AMZN ... which doesn't offer the full line].  So the rules added $50 to the cost!I didn't need to use the rear rail ... the fence floats easily on my worksurface.I  also cladded both sides of the fence with 3/4&#34; formica-clad particleboard ... once side with T-track for hold downs and the other with a buried dado.So, with all the work I've had to do to make it a versatile addition, I look over to my trusty companion of 40 years and say &#34;what a mistake.&#34;If you have no skills and no fence, go for it.
Does not fit Grizzly G0690 saw with out drilling/tapping.  Doesn't claim to, but someone else said it fit their Grizzly so I wanted to let everyone know it doesn't fit them all.  The plastic locking handle was shattered like is got run over.  Not indicative of the product though.  Since it was broken and didn't fit with out saw modification, I sent it back.  I am sure it would have worked well, but I was disappointed to see a lack of &#34;finish&#34;.  The insert that says &#34;Vega Pro&#34; on the top of the fence wasn't cut straight and had plenty of tear out.  Just looked cheap.  The whole thing looks home made.  Not saying its a bad thing and I love supporting small business, but a little more attention to detail and dressing things up a bit would really take it to the next level.  Then again, this is going on a table saw, not a motorcycle so it doesn't really have to be pretty.
Yes, I know that the page clearly states the dimensions. I thought this was the perfect size for my drill press, but it&#8217;s really kind of small. In retrospect, I would go with larger sizes even if you measure the tool and this looks like the perfect fit. I think you'll be happier with a little extra material hanging over the edge.Otherwise these are great covers. They are light enough to fold easily, and provide the right amount of water resistance versus &#8220;breathability&#8221; (if that&#8217;s a word!). Just go with a size bigger, in my opinion.
I received two of these for Christmas. I put my delt 6&quot; jointer on one and a Delta 14&quot; bandsaw on the other. So far the jointer has worked without a problem. The bandsaw is a different story. I noticed quite a bit of vibration from the bandsaw after mounting it on the stand. As the saw had not had this problem before,I thought a little leveling would solve the problem. After leveling and checking it ,I had the same problem. My only answer was the metal in the frame flexes when the saw is running. Will have to use it on something that doesn't run vertical I suppose.
Yes, it has the expected sturdy construction, but the foot levers to raise and lower are a little hard to operate. I have a jointer mounted on one and I find I have to assist in raising and lowering the machine as I operate the rather thin foot levers. And if i'm not careful, I can lower the machine down with a thud.In contrast to the Delta design, which I have my workbench mounted on, it is much easier to raise and lower with the single and larger foot pedal. Delta's design of a single caster also does seem easier to pivot with.5 stars for srurdy construction-2 stars for the hard to operate foor levers3 stars overallIf you need a mobile base that's ready to put together out of the box, the HTC2000 will serve your needs well enough. If you're able to make the rails yourself for the Delta model, or need a custon size as I did, I would go for the Delta 50-345 model instead since I find its design easier to use.
Adequate performance for a reasonable price. Assembly is simple and fast. raising the stand up under load is a bit awkward but it does the job. Use with tools that vibrate may incease the vibration. Nothing special. If you're a woodworker you can build your own mobile bases for about the same price.
The using is difficult to put together and difficult to move.  The lift mechanisms are flimsy and tilt the whole unit more than I would prefer for equipment weighing hundreds of pounds.  I have two of the Jet mobile bases, one regular and one heavy duty much better mobile base.
It was a good stand for the money I guess... when you compare it to the price of the other stands.  I think you could make your own for less though.  Looks like all they did was get some pieces of metel, bolts and a few casters and then sell it to you for %100 profit, if not more.  Construction was easy, just time consuming.  Leveling your work piece is even more time consuming.  Good luck doing that...  It took me hours of moving the table saw on to it, then off of it, then back on, and back off just to find that I would never quite get it level.
It does the basic job, allows me to move one of my sanders around, though with more difficulty than and not as well as more &#34;premium&#34; devices I've purchased to do the same kind of job.  Assembly was neither a total pain nor a breeze.  We are talking middle of the road here: vanilla.  It is inexpensive for a reason, but ultimately does work.
The good:Made in AmericaSturdyGood valueEasy to Assemble (when all the parts are included)The bad:Apparently Americans can't count, because two of four nuts were missing, which required a trip to the hardware story.I bought my first one of these two years ago as a stand for my band saw. I rated it 5 stars that time and decided to buy another one for my new lathe. The model hasn't change a bit and still provides excellent value when compared to competitors. However, it was annoying having to delay installation because of a couple of missing nuts.If everything had been included, I would have rated it five stars the second time around.
Seems to work fine, went together ok.  The red lifts can be in the way unless you rotate them to your advantage.  Other than that, I'd do it again.
It is a little flimsy compared to my Shop Fox mobile base.  Although this one costs [much] less, so it's not a fair comparison really.  If you have the money, opt for the HTC that is designed for your saw or whatever.The thing I don't like about this one is that since the wheels are elevated one at a time and the frame is made of flat stock it twists a little as you raise your machine.  If you don't have your open stand equipment super tight, it will knock the legs out of level.  Nothing dangerous or big, just a little disconcerting.If you just can't bear to spend the extra money, this is a good choice.  Just remember the weight limit. (300 lb.)
This goes together easily but I am going to add another set of swivel locking casters on the rear to make it easier to move around the shop.  My saw has a heavy extension table and a heavy outfeed table and to park it along the wall to put it away is difficult without being able to move it in both directions at the same time. Other than that, it does the job for a very reasonable price.
I recently purchased this outfeed roller and I am in the process of returning it. The finish look overall ok but I can't fit it to my powermatic 2000.The support arm get in the way of the dust collection port (which is at the back of the cabinet). Unless you give up dust collection or do some major work in the cabinet to move the dust port it is not possible to install this product.Too bad it looked like a good addition.By the way, I ran into the same problem as another reviewer, amazon first forgot to ship one of the box. They however reshipped the whole thing promptly. Let see if returning the product is as easy.
I thought that I had reviewed this once before.  In general it is not worth the exalted price, but an ok piece of equipment.  When it arrived it was missing the support arm assembly, which the manufacturer agreed to resend and did after a week's delay. The table itself is out of level by a small amount which cannot be rectified as it is in the welding of the parts.  I asked the local fabricator and welder to look at the table without telling him what I'd found other than I could not get it level.  He came up with the exact same out of level causes and points that I'd found.  There is really no good reason that the manufacturing process should result in inaccurate weld heights.  Also the assembly book instructions did not match the supporting illustrations.  Just sloppy attention to normal detail.  It has been in use for three months and appears to be wearing ok.  I would not rate it among the better items in my shop and would look around for alternatives before buying from this manufacturer again.
I picked up both the 14 ounce and 12 ounce versions of this mill-faced titanium Stiletto from a dedicated hammer website.  At the same time, I also bought a 16 ounce Dalluge from Amazon.  The Stilettos were for my boys and the Dalluge was for me.A year and a house later, and the clear winner is the Dalluge.  Actually it pretty much won right out of the box - it's that good.The 14 ounce Stiletto suffered a lost magnet early on.  Shortly after that, the handle broke (son's fault - not Stiletto).  Stiletto was good about replacing the magnet for free (while buying a new handle).  My son chose the straight handle as a replacement because he liked my straight Dalluge handle so much.  Of course that's as far as he could go in trying to clone my Dalluge.-The finish on the handle is still too 'new'.  It still hasn't broke in, even after plenty of use.  The finish is too aggressive.-The balance of the Stiletto is off in both the 12 and 14.  It just doesn't swing as true as a 16 ounce Dalluge.  I believe Stiletto has a 15 ounce version - maybe this would balance better, maybe not.-The 16 ounce hits harder, but swings lighter, than the 14 ounce Stiletto.  It's really obvious and again may be due to balance.  It also may have to do with the Dalluge's unique Douglas head/handle mounting system.-The Stiletto has a big fat nail face that doesn't perform like the flat-top shaped Dalluge.-The titanium chipped early-on.-The mill face did not hold up well.  The Dalluge is in far better shape with far more use which included naughty catspaw and flatbar pounding on occasion.-The Stiletto is 'just ok'.  Far better than a steely, but nothing special other than it is light like all titaniums.In the market for a new hammer?  Not sure about titanium?  Elbow or shoulder problems, or just don't want problems?  Don't stop here at the Stiletto - there are more titanium hammers to consider.  Check out my extensive review of the Dalluge mill-faced hammer.  Amazon offers it at a great price, and after experiencing both I would recommend checking out the dalluge.  It has reviewed at nothing short of 5-star thus far - and for good reason.Mill face version:Dalluge 7180 16 Ounce Titanium HammerSmooth face version:Dalluge DDT16P 16 Ounce DDTP Titanium Hammer
When looking at drill presses there are machines that cost the same or less than this one and have comparable specs. (JET) However, this machine had a longer stroke and the Delta name so I decided to splurge for the "Delta name and quality".I unpacked the drill (it seemed well packed) and assembled it. The directions were ok, not great, but good enough. Cleaning the gallons of packing greasse off of the machine took some time. I plugged it in and POW, it blows the circuit breaker, and I could swear I saw a flash. Now this is the same outlet I have run my table saw from, so what gives? I decided try to try it on a dedicated 20 amp line. I try it again...It started to turn ok, but I saw a couple of blue flashes (at that time I wasn't sure it was normal or not). At least it was running.On to the "genuine delta" mortissing attachment. (extra on the Delta, included on the Jet) As someone else pointed out, you have to sacrifice over an inch of travel to install the Delta Mortissing attachment by moving the quillion clamp. So much for easy mortising and the longer stroke length. However, once it is set up, installing and removing the mortiser is not too bad.Somehow I expected it to run smoother, but I proceed to drill a few holes in some scrap wood anyway. It seems to work ok, but the motor sounds funny. Then I notice the stream of SMOKE coming out of the top of the motor. I stop the motor and OUCH, too hot to touch. I guess those blue flashes were not normal. This was after only 5 minutes of running mostly un-loaded. I check the drive belts, nope, not too tight. Just a bad motor.Even if this machine worked flawlessly out of the box I would only have given it a 4 out of 5 rating. The mortising attachment installation is sort of a cheat and deprives you of stroke length. The belt cover rattles as the machine runs. The table is hard to get very secure to the column. Even after really tightening the clamp the table will move if you bump it.If I had it to do over I would probably go for the Jet. Unfortunately I fell for the mystique of the Delta name. The jet has a metal pulley cover, where the Delta's is plastic and it rattles. Jet has a built in light socket but I had to buy a magnetic lamp to add to the Delta. The Jet has a TEFC (Totally Enclosed Fan Cooled) motor, where the Delta does not. This is particulary relevant given my bad motor experience. The Jet comes with the mortising attachment, the Delta costs extra. Both are made in Taiwan anyway. I guess the "Delta days" are past.So now I get to find a way to ship this VERY heavy motor to a repair depot somewhere. Not exactly the Delta quality experience I was hoping for. I would go for the Jet next time for sure.New info 2-13-2002Delta refused to let me return just the motor. They insist that I ship the 100 lb + head back to them so they can check the serial number. Nice. I decided to drive it to a local repair depot since shipping the head (for a DOA motor) would cost as much as replacing the motor myself!The saga continues. Apparently all of the shops anywhere near my house or my job have stopped taking on Delta warrantee work. Each one I called had the same story. They tell me that Delta is very hard to deal with and very cheap. (the actual words they used were less polite) Delta doesn't pay market rates for repairs so they stopped taking Delta work. I had to drive my drill press nearly an hours away to get the warantee honored. This has been a dreadfull experience. For your own sake please consider another brand.
These are the extra insert rings that you need for the Mast-R-Lift router system.  They are standard set found with most router plate systems.  They lock into position with the spanner wrench that comes with the router system.  They are flat and work well with the system, if you purchase the JessEm Router system you need a set of these rings.  T. King
My coworkers and I have used this stapler for a variety of professional remodeling and construction tasks.  So far, it's been very handy in situations when larger nails or staples wouldn't be appropriate and when finish nails won't hold well enough.  It's amazing how often we find uses for the stapler, and its small size allows it to squeeze into tight situations.On the downside, we've found that it often misfires (no staple comes out) or fires two staples at the same time.  We're usually firing 1.5 inch Porter Cable staples.  As staplers go, it's a relatively cheap choice that's probably better suited for occasional rather than daily professional use.I recently bought an Hitachi N3804AB narrow crown stapler that's a bit smaller than the Porter Cable NS150A, but also more solid and powerful.  So far, my coworkers and I prefer the Hitachi over the Porter Cable because it's much more reliable (the only time it ever jammed was when I fired it directly into a steel joist hanger as a test; it has never misfired or fired more than one staple either), it will fit into smaller places because it's about an inch shorter than the Porter Cable, and can sink 1.5 inch staples fully into hardwoods and knots.  It also fires smoothly and doesn't recoil.  The Hitachi is made in Germany so it's ridiculously expensive (I got mine used), but I've been impressed by it's durable all-metal solid feel, simple construction, and ample power.  Best of all, the Hitachi is not even close to as temperamental as another reviewer suggests the Porter Cable is (see below).Another reviewer suggested five reasons why the Porter Cable stapler misfires.  Since I've used Porter Cable brand staples at 80-90 PSI, these two variables (brand and air pressure) weren't possible causes.  However, the three other possible causes which are sawdust and job site grit, not giving the gun 20 drops of oil per 1000 staples, and not "gently laying it down" could all be at play on our jobs.  Here's what I think about these three factors:The other reviewer works at a cabinet shop that's probably a much more controlled environment than the old houses I have to work in.  I frequently work in the midst of sawdust, plaster dust, drywall dust, concrete and stone dust, mortar grit, metal filings, old cellulose insulation, dirt, rain, snow, and mud and my tools get exposed to all of these things.  That's why I prefer tools that can withstand and function well in the midst of a harsh environment.Some afternoons I can easily go through 5000 staples, which would mean that I'd need to put 100 drops of oil in my stapler according to the other reviewer's recommendation.  That seems quite excessive to me--I don't even use that much oil in my larger framing nailers, let alone a small stapler.  It's been my experience that it's not very easy to get much more than about five drops of oil simultaneously into the air fitting anyway.  Besides the inconvenience of having to constantly pour oil into the stapler, I prefer not to have a lot of oily residue collecting dust around the exhaust port or on work pieces.As for not treating the tool gently, I'm guilty as charged.  I don't go out of my way to abuse my tools, but over time they've been accidentally dropped off of ladders or counter tops and have gotten bumped around in the back of my truck.  My tools sometimes get used by other workers and subcontractors (who may or may not take good care of them) because that's occasionally what it takes to keep a job running smoothly and efficiently.  I think that's why some companies design their tools to withstand a certain amount of reasonable, real-world, job site abuse.I haven't used a Senco, but I've heard they're good as well.  Before I bought the Hitachi, I was going to get a Senco SKS, but now I don't think I'll need it.  The Hitachi seems to have enough power for every situation, plus it's smaller.  It's a bit difficult to find a store that carries the Hitachi 3804AB, but if you look around you might be able to find a used one at an equal or lower price than the Porter Cable NS150A.Lastly, another reviewer out of hand dismissed all Hitachi nailers as overrated and marketed to younger folks.  I have some Porter Cable tools that I'm happy with and others that I'm lukewarm about.  Likewise some Hitachis are good while others suck (read my review of their NT50AE brad nailer).  I generally think that's the case with most companies that make construction tools nowdays.  You've got to evaluate each tool a company makes and not assume anything, especially now that most US companies are no longer making tools in the US (same thing for German and Japanese companies not producing tools at home).  Plus, aren't Dewalt, Porter Cable, Delta, and Black & Decker all owned by the same parent company now?  The marketing comment baffled me because I've never seen Hitachi tools marketed in places where other companies like Porter Cable were not also marketing their wares.  Most of the Hitachi tools that I've purchased were introduced to me by older (some in their 60's) framers and trim carpenters.  One of my Hitachi nail guns is 20 years old, rusty, and still works flawlessly.  Well, that's my two cents; thanks for bearing with this long review.
So the bag itself is a nice thick canvas and quite durable.  No other color options, so orange and green are all you've got.  They fit the heavy duty jumper cables I have very well, and still have some room to give.  Don't misunderstand, the canvas is thick enough to stand up on its own with the cables inside...by no means thin.  Definitely recommend if you need to keep your cables organized and not have to look at them exposed.
I purchased my sawboss a couple of years ago. It's handy to have around. lots of power for its size. It cuts 2x lumber at 45 degrees. I like the dust chute, especially when it's hooked up to a shopvac.So why don't I give  it 5 stars? It doesn't run smoothly. Too much slop in the gears I guess. In  fact ,the main bearing went out and sheared off all the teeth on the arbor.  Porter Cable fixed it alright, but it still runs rough. I bought a Skil 5  1/2&quot; trim saw for 20.00 at a pawn shop that cuts circles around the  saw boss. You wouldn't believe it since the saw boss has a 9 amp motor and  the little skil is around 6.5 but it's true. New blades, old blades  Pine ,  oak ,plywood it doesn't make any difference the Skil blows it away .It  feels like the skil is gliding through the cut whereas the PC is beating  through with a square blade by comparison.It not only cuts faster, it cuts  smoother due to less blade runout.I thought maybe it was just my saw that  was bad so I tried some others out. Same thing . Fellow sawboss owners, I'm  sorry ,this is all true. If you're looking for a small saw , I recommend  the  5 1/2&quot; skil. If toolcrib doesn't have it, try the Bosch , it's  the same saw.
Don't expect to do much drilling with this one.  Yes, the battery holds up longer than most others, but this drill is geared down for torque.  High speed isn't very fast.  All this drill is good for is driving, so if you  are looking for power, this is the drill for you.PROS** Extended life  battery.** Plenty of torque.** Ergonomically balanced between pistol  grip (for pushing power) and T-handle (for agility).CONS** Slow.**  Moderately high priced.** A few complaints of clutch giving out.
If you have 9.6 tools, and I have a number of them, you need this battery.  Simple as that.  Is it the best in the world?  No.  Does it run the tool?  Yes.  Is it still available after all these years?  Yes.  End of discussion.
Overload trips quite easily(hence the 98lb weakling moniker). Drill better suited to drilling than driving because 800rpm speed. No clutch either!!!!!I strictly use this drill for drilling!!!!I purchased a Bosch Lith Ion PS 10 cordless screwdriver w/ racheting head for driving. I use my excellent corded Bosch 1132vsr rt angle drill for heavier drilling in tight spots the little Makita cannot handle. Makita does seem well made!!!!Had it for a few years. Purchased on clearance at Sears.
Some of the attachments do not seal well with the metal shafts because they are made of cheap plastic and are oval in shape, instead of round.  This causes there to be a gap in how the seal is made between the shaft and attachment and so you lose lots of suction.The foam filter works very well.I suggest you shop around for 3rd party attachments as these are very expensive for what you get.
I like the product. It is a slightly smaller in diameter and the material is a little thinner than I hoped, but it is still very useable and a good value.
This bag is huge! I was going to use it for my car tools, but it is big enough to hold a small car :-) Although it has several pockets, most of the bag is the undivided center section and is probably 2 cubic feet in volume. Many of the outside pockets are so small, you'd be lucky to squeeze a screwdriver blade in them. As opposed to another reviewer, my bag does not have any plastic or rubber feet, just the nylon material.If you're used to carrying your stuff in a bucket or large box, this is a big leap forward. If you're looking for something to carry a set of special purpose tools, than one of the smaller sizes might be more to your liking.
I was hoping these would be solid (like a good Baldwin entry knob) but turns out they are hollow. They don't feel as cheap as a builders-quality brass knob, but they could be better. My biggest complaint is the loud POP the lock makes when unlocking a locked knob. It could definitely wake up a sleeping spouse or child.
There's really not much to write here.  I bought a large deadbolt for the garage and just needed a very simple knob for the lower hole.  This finished matched the Schlage Camelot Deadbolt and it looks good.
I got the bright chrome version and it had smudges and it looked used. Shipping was fast and safe. I may change the rating higher if it fits and works properly.
Well, I bought mine through amazon, but it is  a westinghouse light, number 66326, and since my purchase the seller AND AMAZON  PRODUCT DESCRIPTION have changed, so it will be interesting to see if my review will say amazon verified purchase?  (it should as this is the link amazon is displaying in my BOUGHT ITEMS)The Westinghouse product is discontinued, but you CAN find it still online and at ace hardware stores.  I recommend buying from brick and mortar store to be sure product is in good shape.  It is cheap and breaks easily in shipment, BUT IT DOES THE JOB!!  If you can find an unbroken one, buy it. (Westinghouse brand)I use COMPACT FLOURESCENT Lights (CFLs) in it and it works perfectly. (which is important as one day incandescent lighting will be hard to find)  Was quick and easy to install.  Would give it more stars if its plastic black rings didn't break so easily.
As others have mentioned, these units don't last the length of their ten-year warranty. I bought this to replace a previous Heath Zenith unit that lasted about four years.The new unit doesn't feel as well-built as the previous one, and I was disappointed by one design change: The old unit had four holes that matched up exactly with the electrical box (which I presume is standard). You mounted it with four bolts. It was a stable and secure way of mounting it.The new unit has one center hole, and it mounts to a bracket (included) that you connect with bolts to two of the mounting holes on your electrical box. It looks like a workaround for a problem at the manufacturer. I can't see any reason why this new unit couldn't have four holes drilled in it like the previous model. The single-bolt mounting isn't as secure; even after tightening the bolt, it is still possible to rotate the unit on the electrical box. I'm also not convinced it makes a waterproof seal this way.I installed it, and it's working. Hopefully it will last at least four years. Update: One year later, it is still working. Fingers crossed.
They work but just barely-we replaced one exactly like this-switch got condensation in it.  Their is a rubber seal however-use it.
Had one that motion did not work right off the bat, but the other one worked ok. Very cheaply made and you can find them cheaper at a local store, much easier to return.
Had to buy a new outlet box to make this work. Guess that isn't the fault of the light. But just a huge pain. Its kind of flimsy so I wouldnt put this out where it will get beat by the wind or southern sun, but under a carport it works just fine.
I didn't like the looks of the non-stainless hardware and loose-fitting plastic pieces of this product.  So I bought some marine-grade sealant at the boat store and dressed it up where the rain, snow, ice and bugs might have gotten in.Otherwise the unit works as expected.  Have gone from halogen capsule to LED floodlamps, greatly reducing the electrical load on the switching relay in this unit.  That should make it last longer.  Since it's a mechanical relay, not an electronic relay, yes, the unit does work with LED or other ballast-based lamps.
Plus: cheap price and it works well so far.Minuses: Gasket is not concentric nor big enough to give me confidence that it will be waterproof. Includes 4 screws, but only 2 that will fit your electrical box, even though there are 4 holes for mounting.
I do not like to leave negative reviews but want to confirm what some others have said here, I purchased this unit one year ago, after one month one of the brass legs that is to shut it off seamed to cause problems so instead of it coming on a couple of times a day I now had the optition of only one on/off per day , I couldn't see why it looked exactly the same as the other one, now one year later the same thing is true of the other one and I realized it is the unit itself has a problem on the plastic leg that meets the on off legs on the back of the black knob. It is tooooo soft and has worn a radius edge on it and now it wont shut off anymore......................... very poor service from Intermatic on this model................ I have now ordered a WH 40 with completely different legs and am hoping for a lot more service life from it?????
I really like Channellock brand, but these fell a bit short for my liking.Needless to say, they look great and function well. My only con for this product is that they feel &#34;narrow&#34; or thin in my hand when I am working with them. They also feel a bit flimsy to me. I have other old vintage plier sets that are a lot beefier than these. I probably would  not have bought them had I known how they would feel in my hand when using them.
I invite anyone considering purchasing Lufkin measuring tools to review recent consumer reactions to purchases. What is being sold today is not what you inherited from your father or grandfather. This folding rule is barely &#34;OK', not at all what this company once produced. I have kept the item and reordered another rule from another company, which is significantly better. Sad.
Ruler will work and do the job.  However the fine details of the ruler are poor.  The smoothness of the extension piece is not good, and the flexibility of the sections is fair
I've been very happy with my Wiss left cut M1 (red handle), which has served me well for years.  There have been times when I needed a right cut, but managed to make the left cut M1 work.  Finally I figured I should have the correct tool... to make the task easier.  My search for a right cut snips found these.The pros:+ Good product reviews.+ Priced right & the shipping was free.+ Good quality tool.+ Does a pretty good job of cutting straight & slightly to the left or to the right.The cons:- Actually designed for straight cuts, so it can only cut slightly to the left or to the right.Closing thoughts:Looking back, I bought these thinking I'd have the best of both worlds... a left, straight & right cutting snips!  I was wrong, as these are designed for straight cuts, but can cut slightly to the left & sightly to the right.  For tight left or right cuts, you need a Wiss red handle M1 (left) or a Wiss green handle M2 (right).  I have since purchased a Wiss green handle M2.  Now I have all 3, so I'm ready for anything! :)Here's a link to the Wiss right cut M2 (green handle) that I purchased:Wiss M2R MetalMaster 1-3/8-Inch Cut Capacity 9 3/4-Inch Straight and Right Cut Compound Action Snip
EDIT - I see some weekend warriors don't know their facts. I use snips almost every day, read my link in the comments or don't, but don't try to tell people that casting is superior. It is cheaper, and that's the only reason some companies prefer it. Back to the review -Word is that Wiss has switched from forging to casting, which is not desirable in this application. Whatever the reason, these do not hold up like better brands anymore. I've seen several Wiss bite the dust on identical material which I chewed right through with my Midwest snips, also US made. Wiss is not up to the standard they once were. Additionally, the blades will not stay tight despite the nylon locknut, I'm constantly retightening them.Chances are if you're looking at a pair of these as opposed to offset snips, these would suit your needs just fine, but I'd still recommend the Midwest version, about the same price, and they'll be there when you need to cut something heavier.
Actually I meant to say these work fine for cutting open those maddeningly pesky plastic clamshell-like enclosures so many items come encased in these days. Or try a really big pair of Fiskars scissors, like Amazon's &#34;Fiskars 9 Inch Premier Titanium Nitride Shop Shears (12-96536984).&#34;
This is an intermediate or finish file, I must have been expecting a rasp or more aggressive file because this doesn't work too fast but, is good equipment for after a file I was expecting.
I own a number of different sizes and styles of pry bars and nail pullers.  This one probably gets the least use of all of them.The main reason is that there are too many very sharp points and edges right where I want to put my hands.  For some reason this doesn't seem to be a problem with other bars, even ones that are about the same size and shape.It's very strong and rigid, so it does see occasional use, but now I'm careful about where I grab it.As alternatives, I would recommend either this for prying:Vaughan B215 15-Inch Long Original SuperBaror this for pulling nails:Shark Corp 21-2036 14-1/8-inch Nail Puller-- Loren
First off, you get what you pay for. Paying 36 dollars for a 48" level doesn't get a Stabila. This level is made in China. One vial was somehow, stuck, meaning, it took a lot to make the bubble move. Therefore, the level isn't very sensitive, and therefore, not very accurate. This one's going back, and I'll just stop trying to cut corners, and get a Stabila.
They are OK for &#34;some&#34; things, however a good horsehair or rabbit hair brush is much better.  I tried putting my brush in a zip lock bag- in fact double bagging it. It was then put in the freezer.  I heard this recommended.  DON'T DO THIS! SOLVENTS STILL LEACH OUT.  YOU CAN SMELL THEM ON THE OTHER FOOD IN THE FREEZER.
I was told by a worker at a home improvement center that this brush is the best, and would avoid brush strokes.  I tried it and wasn't too thrilled with it.  The handle is raw unfinished wood, and the bristles were not fastened very well.  I imagine that with natural bristles it would be expected to shed some, but I had to pluck off several bristles off my freshly painted cabinets.  Their synthetic brushes for all paint types are quite nice, but this one for oil-based paints just isn't worth the money.  I bought aWooster white bristle brushto finish the job and it worked a lot better.
Good functionality but very loud but mine has lasted three years so I guess that it is worth three stars.Now five years this unit is going the distance very impressed but still loud. if the engineers could make these quiet I would by stocks in this product.
works as advertise, but the fan is not as quite as expected for the sonic rating...but it does the job and easy to install. I would not recommend using the light as the primary source, but it does provide enough to see and find things.
I have a Broan model 679 fan and light with the flouresent bulb.  The 13 watt flouresent buld is slow to start, not very bright and expensive to replace. I would suggest this model with a regular bulb for brightness and ease of replacement. If given the choice I would spend 2x the money and get a fan light combination that was much quieter.
You can buy this part for about one or two bucks at local hardware stores. For about ten bucks you can get an entire fluidmaster 400A series refill valve, including the seal. Changing the seal is easier than changing the entire valve, but maybe you'll want the spare parts if you buy an entire valve.Btw, this is about the only part that goes bad on a fluidmaster style of refill valve and is an easy replacement. American standard, kohler and other toilet makers use Fluidmaster 400A series valves.Part will last for about 1-7 years depending on use. Takes about 60 seconds to replace. Most common sign that it is worn out is water dribbling from near the top of the refill valve when the tank is full and the valve is supposed to be shut off.
Still to this day they are solid.....BUT this is 2014. We have technology that allows us to have brighter lights with smaller and lighter batteries. I have been issued one with my duty gear. But i never use it. I have this little AA pen light that is as bright as a 4 D cell mag light, So yeah solid and reliable. But if you want something bright and lighter get a sure fire or something.
The beam on this four cell flashlight Is dimer than my three cell flashlight.  I used to own a four cell flashlight from Maglite That was much brighter than this. I needed a beam that could reach across my property This is not it
The Mag Instrument S3D016 Black Heavy Duty 3 D-Cell Flashlight was another of my past favorites that got a lot of use. Now a days, there is a lot going on with the technology of flashlights. LED, Lithium batteries, focus bezels, etc. The Maglight brand has fallen behind a bit technologically, but is still a great flashlight for minor emergencies NOT involving looking for criminals, terrorists or signalling for a chopper pick up. The Mag Instrument S3D016 Black Heavy Duty 3 D-Cell Flashlight is perfect for a tool box but a bit too big for a deep pocket. The product is very durable and they are proven reliable. Don't get me wrong. I've depended on Mag lites of all sizes for years. But head to head , the Surefire brands have quickly surpassed Mag lite in every important aspect of flashlights - usable light power, size, durability and weight. The Mag light brand just isn't keeping up with the new technology. And that's too bad for us who value product loyalty.The Mag Instrument S3D016 Black Heavy Duty 3 D-Cell Flashlight is STILL a good value and I have several in the house and the vehicles. But they're being replaced by Surefires as they wear out.John Row
Due to its rigid aluminum construction any form of shock absorbed by the light, generally from a fall at hip level or even a roll out of the truck door, will kill the bulb.  I've been told the LED version of this light is a better option as the LED's are more durable.Personally after owning a few of these I find them to be over rated.  They are to heavy, the beam is very weak when its widened and very small and bright when focused.  I find there is no good in between.  In my opinion you can get just as good performances with a smaller 2D mag light of even the AA version.
Seems to work ok. But 4 batteries installed and I expected a much brighter light. Ok it works fine and seems durable. Its really long and thin which some people may not like
This is the great flashlight for the cost. It's very bright, and the focusing beam is very useful. They claim it's waterproof. I dropped mine in water and it still works, kind-of. It's very dim and practically useless. Granted, it sat in the water for about 5 minutes, and it had a pH of 11, so I think it went beyond the intended exposure. It'll last forever in your garage, but if you're buying it for industrial uses, don't expect it to last forever.
Don't get me wrong, I used a MiniMag for years, but then I was given a Pelican Versabrite. While the original Versabrite was not as bright as the MiniMag (and no focusing), it has a tiltable head and built in clips to mount to a hat brim or shirt pocket - useful features when you have to inspect things and take notes at night, or otherwise need light and need both hands free. The Versabrite II ended the controversy. It's brighter, no matter how the the MiniMag is focused.By the way, for a keyring light, try one of the coin-sized LED lights like the Photon Microlight. They're amazing.
I have about 3 diferent size Maglite, and decide to have a led one. Very nice flashlight, but very temperamental. Sometimes it does not turn on and sometime it blinks. When it works, it is great.
The AA Mini Mag is a reliable tool for everyday use. Here are the pro's:It's compact size and the sheath allow you to carry it anywhere you go.  If you drop it nothing will happen to it (unless of course you abuse it).  The lenses scratch easily, but they are inexpensive to replace.  The lightbulb is also inexpensive should the original blow out.  The head quickly adjusts from spotlight to floodlight, and it's quick conversion to candle mode make it a unique tool, especially during a blackout or natural disaster.  Its compact size also allows you to use it in tight spaces such as checking the back of the refrigerator, washing machine, or in your car's engine.The con's:The light is not too bright, it just doesn't hack it if you're picky about illumination.  Of course the xenon bulb is better than the type you'll find on a $1 Dorcy light, and many other cheap flashlights.  But if you've used Streamlight, Inova, Surefire, or even the new 3-watt LED Maglites, you'll be disappointed by its brightness.  If you're willing to spend some bucks, you can upgrade your Mini Mag to a 1 Watt LED light, which will provide twice as much light.  You can also buy the switch that allows you to turn it on at the bottom with a simple click.  There are some pretty cool things out there that can turn this tough, reliable flashlight into something better!  However, it is still not appropriate for law enforcement, military, security guards, etc.  It would be more appropriate for everyday household use, walking the dog at night, or lighting up the room your in during a blackout.This flashlight usually ranges between 8-15 bucks depending on where you get it from.  If you spend about $25 bucks (which would be roughly the same amount you would spend to upgrade the mini mag), you can buy yourself a 2AA battery, 3-watt Mini-Mag Lite with a holster that will surely not leave you disappointed.  It's light output is tremendous, and it is sure to blind you or anyone who looks directly onto it.  It also travels further.  It also saves battery life.  It's not your average LED-light, it's better and at an affordable price.  So you might want to give that other flashlight a try if you're picky about the brightness of your flashlights.Hope this helps!
This is the original workhorse flashlight that has been looped to my waistbelt since 1986.  It's slim, bright, and spot-focuses accurately.The issues I have with this product are:a)  Bulbs have a short average 2-3 month life span,b)  The bulb's metal tail contacts require slight spreading prior to inserting into the main body for flicker-free operation, andc)  O-rings require frequent silicone spray for smooth one hand on/off operation of the head.
Revision to older review - I liked this a lot when I got it, but it died after about a year.Just got a newer model to replace it - Liftmaster 976LM/977LM 390Mhz Wireless Keyless Entry Pad - it's quite a bit nicer than this one and costs the same amount. I would recommend buying that over this.Ordered this keypad to replace an older Craftsman keypad in the same style. WOW - what an improvement. The old keypad often required the code to be entered multiple times, and you had to press the enter button 2-3 times to get the door to open. This one is instant. Couldn't be happier. Changed over in less than 5 minutes. Works for Red/Orange learn button.
I had a Weller soldering gun for many years and it was a great unit. I used it on the farm then for six years on our charter sailboat. We left the old one on the boat for the new owners and purchased this new one when we moved into our home last year. This unit is definitely not up to the quality of the old gun. Furthermore, it did not work out of the box. I did some sleuthing and found that there was no electrical connection between the tip and the holding unit. Upon inspection it appeared that whoever put this together did so in such a careless manner as to drill the insertion hole incorrectly and bend the tip insertion legs on assembly. I had to do some drilling and straightening to get things to work. I think the Chinese need to institute a rigorous inspection and approval system such as that the Japenese started many years ago to turn Japanese products from a joke into a worldwide-recognized high quality producer of goods.
Not near the quality as the orginal Weller Model 8200 Made in USA, The silver barrels are Aluminum, The tip holders are steel rings threaded for a set screw to press tip against Aluminum barrels. The bulb is a automotive style push-in bulb,but it sets far back and you need to remove case to replace bulb.I guess Cooper Tools took over from Weller, and made cheaper less quality design.I removed the soldering gun Case halfs and found a original working Weller 8200, Put a new cord on it and installed these case halfs. I tossed out the internal parts of this new soldering gun.This soldering gun is only good for short periods of use, Not impressed with this Weller by Cooper tools.
I used it for exactly one project requiring four soldering points.  The size is right for my hand and it is light weight, but the tip fell out right after I made the last solder.  So, it's ok, but pretty expensive (even if it was cheap) for one small project.  I just hate using my big set up for delicate electronics.  Perhaps I should have gone with a better brand.
Equal in quality to a low budget one you'd see in a store.  I'd probably spend a little more and get a better quality one if I could do it over again.  But it works.
Several companies manufacture tool organizers for use with standard five gallon buckets.  This is quite a cool idea, and the McGuire Nicholas Bucket Pro 54 is fairly useful, and is one of the less expensive of these organizers.Construction:  The Pro 54 is made mostly of nylon, with some vinyl sheeting as a water resistant backing.  It seems fairly well built, and should stand up well under general use, but a sharp or pointed object might puncture the material.Exterior Provisions:  Thirteen pockets of different widths, are provided for carrying tools and various objects.  The depth ranges from 3 to 8 inches.  In addition there are a number of loops for holding longer straight items, or tools like a screwdriver, pliers, or a wrench.  The design of the pockets is kind of random, and finding an appropriate pocket or loop for a particular tool, is kind of a hit or miss process.  In some of the product photos, the tips of tools inserted in the loops are exposed, which can be an unsafe condition, and also looks terribly untidy.  The whole loop system for holding tools isn't the greatest, as you have to find a loop that fits each particular tool.  If the loop is too big, the tool can slide through and fall out.  Again, hit or miss.Inside the bucket: There are more provisions for carrying tools on the inside of the bucket.  There are six more loops, including some larger ones that could accommodate a hammer, or mallet.  There are two large deep pockets, six pen holder type sleeves, and an old style cell phone type pocket with a lid.Price: The price of the Pro 54 seems to fluctuate, so try putting it on your Wishlist, or Saved to Buy Later List, and hopefully you can get a better deal.Color:  The Pro 54 is available in either all black, black/red, or black/blue, but you color you receive is random.  Although some may find contrasting colors helpful in locating or returning a tool to its designated spot, you unfortunately can't chose the color you want.This product is presumably called the "Pro 54" because it claims in the product description that it has 54 "pockets", however this organizer only has 15 real pockets, as loops are not pockets.  Unfortunately, the loop system isn't that practical or very safe.  The layout of the pockets could be better, and providing a few with locking flaps would be nice.  Unfortunately it's hard to tell from the photos, the true nature of this product.  The Pro 54 probably looks better in the photos than it really is.  It may work well for some, and there are some good points, but the design of the Pro 54 falls short in several areas.  For possible alternatives, you can look at products by Bucket Boss, which might suit your needs better.
I can't really rate this honestly because I forgot about it and left it n place for more than 92 hours, so my 3 star is neutral, neither good nor bad.
Its a smoke alarm and seems to work well.  I was replacing some ten year-old alarms we had in the house.  Unfortunately, half of the included 9 volt batteries did not work.  So stock up on 9 volts prior to purchase would be my advice.
While it worked it was fine...started dying after a couple of years...hit it and it would start up again. Finally totally died today after 5 years.....5 years is good, right?  I have an older one that's still going gangbusters....old really is better.
How do you rate a product that you hope will never have to perform as designed?  It's kind of a case where if it doesn't do its job we'll be dead and won't ever be able to write a bad review!  This one was ordered to replace an existing, identical model.  Manufacture date was March 2011 so we'll get about 6-1/2 years of use out of it.  This product is another China import - I hope Kidde is doing some serious quality control, as my experience with China imports demonstrates inconsistent quality of production.
The item I received was red, but that better matched the overall aesthetic I'm going for in my tank.  It fit well enough, though it's a bit smaller than what it replaced (I assume it's due to stretching--that or I have the wrong size).Amazon/seller (not sure who, as Amazon fulfilled for another party) put a tracking bar code (for inventory) sticker atop the instructions.  That was unfortunate.  It's not hard to figure out, and other reviewers posted instructions, but that's still a negative in my boat.
What can you say about a vac filter.  They work OK but I wouldn't write home to mother to sing their praises.  It is an essential item but that's about all.  At least it fit without a problem.
Looks like it might have worked, but was to short for my craftsman.  Returned with no problem.  advertised length (height) led me to believe it might fit my unit but alas, no cigar.
What can I say, bought it for a 20+ year old Shop Vac. Machine still worked just no way to attach filter to it. Solution, buy a new shop Vac! Now filters fit perfectly!
And here's why...I vacuumed some liquid with this filter and it turned to mush (not really, but it got wet and nasty and had to be tossed out).The HEPA filter can handle liquids.This filter is disposable, and they tend to clog quick in my experience.The HEPA filter is washable and reusable.The HEPA filter will, as a bonus, also filter 99.97% of all nastiness down to .03 microns.The HEPA costs more up front, but it will work longer and serve you better while it does.All that aside, this filter is satisfactory IF you are working in a DRY environment. Works just fine for that. It does not like wet, and that's what shop-vacs are for (imo)
This is a wonderful little light which I do like a lot, and yet I do not recommend it.Cons:- Super dim. On fresh batteries it is rated at two lumens and it goes downhill from there. By comparison, most good LED lights as of this writing produce around 200 lumens or more (which is actually too bright but they do have lower settings usually).- The Solitaire's beam looks terrible, with dark rings and a huge dark spot in the middle (which can be mitigated somewhat by focusing the beam).- State of the art as of 1988...Pros:- Warm colored light. Most LED's have bluish or greenish tint. This Solitaire makes things look more natural than they do under an LED.- Wide floody beam. The angle at which this thing throws light to the side is unbelievable.- Dim enough not to wake up someone sleeping in the same room. Dim enough not to disturb your night vision much. Relatively few LED lights have such "moonlight" or "firefly" mode. The Solitaire has no other mode but that :)- Ideal for use inside the house at night or inside windowless closets.- Beautiful and mechanically flawless. It turns on and off very smoothly. The red and blue colored exteriors look awesome.- Made in USA!The main reason I bought this is as an antidote to overly bright, unnaturally colored LEDs which are dominant these days. I would not use the Solitaire for anything remotely serious and I definitely do not take it outside the house. With its dim light and low battery life it does not hold a candle to modern LED lights.I really like it, but I do not recommend it unless you are feeling very nostalgic for the good old days. If you want a Maglite, buy one of their LED models, including the Solitaire LED.
I know that this is intended to be a small flashlight for a key chain, but it was much smaller then I expected. It was about the size of a large lip gloss tube. I was kind of afraid of it breaking when it was first used. I ordered it as a Christmas gift, and would have sent it back, but didn't have time to replace it.
Guess I was expecting a little too much from this little light.  Being from the Mag Instrument family I was hoping for just a little more light than it puts out.  I bought this as a power failure / breaker blows need to find the breaker box and/or my battery lantern sort of light.  In complete darkness it works okay.  Outdoors it's no use at all.  For a light to keep in a drawer to find bigger lights or get to the breaker panel it will work alright, but as a real flashlight it's not gonna cut it.  First of all, and I realize it doesn't say anything on the package but I was kinda figuring that it would be LED.  But it's their standard micro filament bulb.  Second, the bazel isn't wide enough to give that little bulb any room to put out light.  Now let me be clear here, I wasn't expecting the light from a 5 cell maglight here...but I was hoping for a few lumens.  Candles put out more light than this does so unless your illuminating something less than 18" away or just using it to navigate to a larger light this doesn't have a wide variety of uses.
I have dealt with Mag lights many times in the past and always found them to be very reliable.  This was a disapointment, however, in that it didn't turn off.  Once you put the battery in, it was on for good.  It seems that you can't screw the head down far enough for it to turn off.  Truthfuly, I haven't followed up on this since postage to send it in to be serviced/replaced would probably approach the cost of the product.  Otherwise, it is a very fine instrument for your keychain (provided you get one that works)
There is a lot going on within the technology of flashlights recently. LED, Lithium batteries, focus bezels, etc. The Mini Mag has fallen behind a bit technologically, but is still a great little flashlight for minor emergencies NOT involving looking for criminals, terrorists or signalling for a chopper pick up. The mini Mag is perfect for a pocket or a ladies purse. The product is very durable and they are proven reliable. Don't get me wrong. I've depended on Mag lites of all sizes for years. But head to head , the Surefire brands have quickly surpassed Mag lite in every important aspect of flashlights - usable light power, size, durability and weight. The Mag light brand just aren't keeping up. And that's too bad for us who value product loyalty.The Mini Mag is a good value and I have several in the house and the vehicles. But they're being replaced by Surefires as they wear out.John Row
The Maglite Solitaire is a pretty cool looking tool, but its performance leaves a lot to wish for.  For the most part it is outdated by the new microlights on the market.  Lets take a look at the pros and cons.Pros:Small, and lightweight, but not as small and light as the new microlights.Adjustable beam, changes from flood to spotlight (though you might not get a lot of usable light due to the "dark rings."Comes with battery and keychain lanyardHas a spare bulb (which is tiny, so be careful you do not lose it)Useful only for a bit of light while traveling through you dark home at night, or for finding a key hole, or for nurses/docs assessing corneal light reflexes.  Other than that, not much use.Cons:Very dim, poor light.  In spotlight mode it does travel far, but the amount of light is very small and dim.  In flood mode, the light is dimmer and the dark rings caused by poor reflector keep it from providing any good light.EXPENSIVE ONLINE!! Look at the shipping costs.  The shipping charge pretty much cover the price of the Solitaire at Wal Mart.  Its definitely not worth buying it online, besides the fact that you'll be sorry you spent even 5 dollars on this light.If you attach it to your keys, it will get scratched, and the paint will begin to fall off, thus it will lose its "cool" look.There IS a LED upgrade bulb for the Solitaire, which costs around $20.  This can buy you 4 more Solitaires, or you can invest this money in a microlight such as a Photon.  Try the Photon Rex, which is a rechargeable microlight, all you do is hook it up to almost ANY battery, and it'll recharge.For a very similar light to the Solitaire, consider the Streamlight Microstream (.5 watts, 20 lumens).  This little light will even blow the AA Mini Maglite away.
It's a flashlight, what does one say about a product like this. I wanted one and I now have it.
I buy this for my backpack and works good for the price ! but is not the best! The maglite xl200 is the best for backpacking and good distance and bright!
The construction of this Mag-Lite Solitaire is really quite good.  It's very sturdy and I've had one run over by my truck and had a 150 pound (68kg) Television drop on another without much visible damage (scratches).I have received this as a gift and as a corporate tchotchke as well as having bought one and they do come in handy.  The problem is that it runs through batteries pretty quickly if you use this for anything more than looking for your keys on the ground or the deadbolt on your door when you forgot to leave on the porch light.  The lens cap tends to turn itself on in your pocket or bag... draining away the power.  I haven't ever used it as a keychain device as I don't like a lot of bulk.I haven't ever experienced the reported problem with the end cap loosening.  The best task I've found for this light is to hang it on the keyring holder in my laptop bag.  It's simply not well suited to a pocket or to a keychain, and I believe that was its intended purpose.I found the light, itself, to be fairly bright at full power, but with a more robust LED, it would probably be a better unit.  It does have a better light distance than an LED would produce, though.  All-in-all, a bit of a miss, but I'm a flashlight hound, so I still like it.  If you are looking for a good keyring light, get a smaller LED with an on/off switch.  This would probably make a good light for a purse or in a glove compartment.  I would recommend pairing it with a Lithium Battery (Technuity L92BP4 Battery, Lithium Aaa Photo Battery for example) - especially if storing in car or bag for long periods.  Make sure you tighten the lenscap well so it doesn't accidentally turn on.
The MAGLITE Solitaire Flashlight is an older design that for many flashlight enthusiasts is no longer relevant in a world of multifunctional LED, high output Lumens of light. While the Solitaire is not the latest or greatest flashlight I believe that it is still useful under the right circumstances. For me, I use this light as part of a first aid kit within my Maxpedition Janus Extension Strap Pocket KHAKI FOLIAGE (I have attached some pictures). The light is connected to a paracord lanyard that I made and fits perfectly in the bottom of the Janus in a little pocket. The reason I like this flashlight is specifically because it is not too bright yet provides enough light to see all the contents of my first aid kit when in a low light situation. Also, I can use this light safely to check pupillary reaction time. Some of the new LED high power flashlights provide too much light.The Solitaire is small, lightweight, and durable. I have never experienced a situation where the light twists on or off by itself. It takes one AAA battery and I always carry a minimum of one spare battery. Bulb life and battery life have never been an issue. You can twist the top of the light to adjust the light from a focused beam to flood but the flood setting is very weak and provides a ring effect.There was a time when Mag lights were the best you can buy but that day is long gone. Now there are many companies making very high quality, very durable flashlights with multiple settings and functions. You can also spend literally hundreds of dollars on just one high quality flashlight. If you are in a situation where you don't need the brightest light then do not discount the Solitaire as it may very well suit your needs at a very low price.
Very nice appearance and durable design, but the only problem is that the quantity of light output is sorely lacking.  This is a &#34;don't ever buy again&#34; item for me.
I used single AAA cell and 2xAAA cell Maglites and they were my favorites for years, but that was a long time ago.  I still have one of these in my glove box but it is definitely the backup of the backup.  New LED flashlights with ultrabright LEDs have much greater brightness and battery life without the deficit of a bulb that burns out at the worst possible time.  Not to mention that with a filament light when the battery starts dying the light becomes so dim as to be essentially useless.  The same "dead" battery moved to an LED light would still give a usable (if still fairly dim) light probably for hours longer.  I really loved the Maglites in their heyday, but I just can't justify buying these new anymore.  Recently I found a package of replacement Maglite "mini" bulbs in a drawer and I suddenly realized that it must be "new old" stock at least 8 to 10 years old.  I want to rate these higher than 3 stars, but I feel I'm being generous with even that much leeway due to my former love of the product.
I can't find 1/2&#34; rod in local hardware stores, only on-line shops. It works OK to replace the builder installed fan.
I gave this three stars as it arrived broken.  It is a very inexpensive item so I might just stop by the hardware store to pick one up.  This does work on most all regular 1-gang duplex receptacle.
Having had a hard time finding this locally, I ordered it from Amazon. What I thought it would take a few seconds to change took an hour. The opening for the smaller toggle switch wasn't centered properly and the holes didn't line up. I had to get a file and file the mounting holes on switch and the opening on the cover. I could have returned it but, ewhy pay shipping on it? Maybe it was just a one in a million error, but I won't buy another.
Good quality.  Wish it was a little larger.  I suppose the jumbo size, but Amazon only carries this size.  Hope it looks large enough.
I purchased two of these for my barn yard and they BOTH have problems.  There are several options for setting when the light comes on and how long it stays on.  I had them set for 'dusk' and '2 hours'.  One came on about 5:30 (Long before dusk) and turned off about 6:30.  The other came on at about 6:00 and didn't go off until nearly 9:00.  I've set the one that comes on at 5:30 to 4 hours and that is helping as it is going off just before the other one which still isn't right, but it's better.  For me, it's not enough to return them, but it is an annoyance and energy waste I have to deal with.
As others have noted, the lack of a memory for the dimmer switch/button is annoying.  Unlike other dimmers which stay on the last setting used, with the fan when the lights are turned off, the dimmer defaults to full brighteness. My fan is located in the bedroom so full brightness is a bit much for the odd bathroom trip in the middle of the night.My other complaint may seem small, but the remote control unit discolored from a bright white to a deep shade of yellow within a few months. The unit looks dirty and like it's aged 50 years -- unsightly. I realize proper operation is the most important feature, but this is the first white plastic item I've purchased that I can remember discoloring like this.
These obsolete units are needed primarily if you have the matching receiver installed in your fan and don't want to change it out, but just need a replacement remote. If installing a new remote system, you should get a newer design. I'm amazed to see these units currently listed for over $100 here from a third party seller (Gatzies). It didn't cost that when new. You can get them for $30 new on that auction site.
Well, now I remember why I don't like this 'classic' stapler.  This looks and feels just like the heavy stapler we all grew up with. The HEAVY one that takes A LOT of pressure to squeeze the handle. I just used it to staple fabric and batting onto some wood to make a headboard. There were four or five misfires and about ten staples that needed to be tapped in with a hammer. That's not as good as my old stapler from a previous project (that stapler has a front squeeze handle which I like better) that maybe misfired a couple of times. For me, the stapler is stuck in the past, too heavy, cumbersome to use, and I don't like loading it because the staples slide around too much. Does it work? Yes. Is it fun to use? No. It's priced well, and if you're not too picky then you'll probably be fine with it. It's just not for me.
This is a solid sturdy stapler for attaching cloth to wood etc.  It is very hard to load.  Works well but is not easy to operate.  It takes a strong hand.
I don not know how well this will work but I like knowing it's in the car.  I was not impressed with packaging nor the plastic holder provided by Kidde..  The arrow indicating how full the container was also left me leary...So much so Amazon replaced it....the NEXT box still not as crumbled as the first (like it had been opened/returned?)and the full indicator was the same...on green but closer to the red line....I would suggest to Kidde to improve their packaging and test containers so future purchasers are not so skittish as myself
Nice fire extinguisher for home.  Hard to rate without having used it, which I hope to avoid!  Otherwise, feels solid and as represented online.
Hey, I got a great deal. I am happy. I picked up two of these, one for the truck, and one for the rented mule, er, room I have near work.They are alright for the job.If it goes down, empty one on it and bolt.Stuff is insured or replacable, life is not. Not yet.Mahalo for the decent deal. Watch for dents.
I would have bought a bigger one from Walmart/Target if I knew better. At least, I'd buy this same one for $10. What a waste ...
While the purchase price was very reasonable, the 25' tape came with a small bend in one of the rails of the tape itself. This is, currently, not that disconcerting, however, I've been around enough tapes to know that this will shorten the life of the tape dramatically. Too bad on an otherwise good deal.
I like the idea of the FatMax, because I work alone.  I wanted the long standout that this tape offers.  That it does very well, certainly better than any other tape.There are 3 things that make this tape an aggravation to use.1. The severe curvature of the tape makes it very difficult to see the fine markings, both when measuring and then marking stock for the cut.  You really need 3 hands to make that work, which certainly defects the purpose of buying a tape because you work alone.  Rolling it to try to get accurate readings will often throw the hook off of the piece you're measuring.2. The bottom of the tape body isn't flat and constantly falls over when you're trying to mark stock, usually throwing the tape off of the work and/or disengaging the tape lock.3. The tape lock is simply far too difficult to engage completely. If you don't get it fully locked, the slightest jar will release it and then you have to scramble to catch the tape as it rolls up.I usually use one of 3 other measuring devices, theBosch DLR130K Digital Distance Measurer Kitwhich is terrific for anything that doesn't require you to hook a tape. Otherwise, I'll use aLufkin AL725 1-Inch x 25-Inch Auto-Lock Power Return Tape Measureor aKomelon SL2812 Self Lock 12-Foot Power Tape.  Both the Lufkin and Komelon are self-locking, which I find to be an indispensable feature.  I don't know why that feature isn't standard on every tape made.  Neither of those tapes have the issues with tape curvature nearly as bad as the FatMax.Having said that, the FatMax is almost always in my toolbag.  That long tape standout is also a huge feature that I use a lot. That's why I gave 3 stars instead of 1. If they'd put an auto-lock and a flat bottom on the FatMax and then charged double the current price, I'd buy 2 of them.
I do carpentry for a living and I go thru 2-3 per year!!  Same thing happens every time.  The blade gets bent during the coarse of normal use and then develops a fracture at the bend, usually right near the tip, then it tears off.  22 feet of wasted tape!  Sometimes this happens within days of purchase and sometimes it is months, but it ALWAYS happens.  Stanley used to have a lifetime warranty and you could buy replacement tapes, not any more on either of those.  For such a premium over other tapes that really stinks.  This is by far the most common tape on all of the job sites with any trade contractor too.  It does perform better than anything out there regarding reach out and smoothness but I can't get over the lack of durability.  Remember those old silver box stanley's? I know some guys who have been using those for 15 years and still use them.  This would definitely be a 5 star product if they could make them more durable.  It is upsetting because when you read the package they claim to have all this new technology to make it the most rugged tape ever.  I can't baby these things at work, they need to be tough.  All that said, it is still the only tape I like to use.  They look like you could run over them with a truck, huh? An empty wheel barrow ran over the tape laying flat and created a bend that tore 2 days later!  Maybe homeowners would never have a problem.  They should sell them with a velvet case.
It has a clear sticker on the first 4 inches of the tape, this must be the blade armor. Also they say 11 feet out straight maybe if you count the 30 degree arc. Not sure if it's worth the $$ but we'll see.
Owned this for 5 years and liked it, though in retrospect is was a little heavy for daily use.  Finally one day I pulled too far and once you do that the tape won't ever go back in.  A serious design flaw if you can cripple a product so easily and fatally.  Beware!
Stanley 1 1/4" wide Fat max tape measure.Pros:- My Fat Max stands out unsupported to about 10' 3".  Even though not the 11' claimed, it's still several feet longer than 1" tape measures.  This is the important advantage of this tape, especially when working alone, because measuring takes less time and less effort.- Case has a rubber coating around most of it, making it easier to hold onto, although that black case can get hot if it's been in the sunshine.- Tape end has the normal bottom "hook" but also has a double top hook, for grabbing that other end.- Although I don't make a habit of dropping tools, this one seems pretty tough.  (Although some reviewers have had their Fat Max's break open on falling?)- Highly rated in Fine Homebuilding magazine.Cons:- Costs much more than 1" wide tape measures of the same length.- About 1/4 bulkier and is heavier than a 1" wide tape measure of the same length.  3/4" tape measures are lighter still.  The Fat Max might be awkwardly large for someone with small hands.- Even with the belt clip removed, the Fat Max is an inconveniently tight fit in my tape holster, whereas 1" wide tape measures of the same length fits with ease.- Due to the curvature of the tape, its edges "ride" further above the surface than narrower tape measures, so you have to press the tape edge down to get that last bit of accuracy in the reading.  Narrower tape measures are easier and quicker to read accurately, since you don't need to press the tape down as often.- Bottom and top "hooks" should be longer or have micro grippers like some other tape measures.  Although usually OK, it too easily slips off what I'm trying to hook it on - this is particularly frustrating when that spot is far away, and is partially caused by how much you have to arc the tape for it to stand out so far.  I.e., the tape may be at the wrong angle to grab easily.- The sliding blade lock takes too much effort.  I can do it with one thumb, but have to press with serious oomph to lock or unlock it, and I'm 6/4 and weigh 260 lbs.  I'd say it takes triple the effort over any of the 1" measures I own.  Doesn't work nearly as well as the Stanley Power Lock, Leigh, or Craftsman  measures, for example.- Tape seems to crease sooner than narrower tapes, which means it will wear out faster.  This is probably due to the width of the tape being less flexible to twisting, and the very fast rewind rate which can whip the tape, causing damage.Other:- Not really a con, since it's not expected, but it doesn't have a lifetime warranty like Craftsman tape measures (not sure if other brands have such warranties).  I've seen construction workers bring a bag full of worn-out Craftsman tape measures into a Sears store and walk out with free replacements!Summary:For any project where long tape standout is important, this is my first choice.  For almost any other purpose, I reach for a 1" or smaller tape measure because they are lighter, smaller, quicker to read, and the blade locks works better.
I've owned this sander for a couple years now.  It's not too bad.  In my experience, it clips the sandpaper very well.  The dust collector is ok...but not all that.  Just a guess, but I'll say, it collects about half of the dust it sands off.  That was one of the main reasons why I purchased it.  I don't like the hard plastic collector either, since it tends to get in the way sometimes.  It's definately great for drywall, since drywall sands easy.The case that comes with the sander [could be better] IMO.  It leaves little room for the cord and I find myself having to force it close most of the time.  Maybe I'm rushing, but that's what I noticed.  Great price on this little sander though.  It's very dependable and has served me well.I, like the other guy noted, prefer a random orbital sander for most of my sanding needs.  It just takes off a lot more, a lot quicker (I have the DeWalt DW421 for that).
I got this to keep in my BOB bag so it will see very little use. It's a good size and not hard to handle. The quality is decent for what it is. The cut edges are rough and the overall finish is slightly below average.I knew what I was getting for $7 and I'm not expecting super duper quality. It's meant to pry open stuck windows or wooden crates. I won't buy another one but I also don't see myself using this one for any serious work.Pros: It fits in my bag and takes up no room.Cons: Meh. It is what it is.
These are cheap....now we're covered the good point.  This pry bar is too thick for trim removal jobs and that sort of thing.  It bends easily, so its not really a pry bar, except when working on a Barbie house. For good small pry bars, worth many times the difference in price, try the Hyde # 45000 pry bar or the Titan #17005.
The three colors is a nice touch.I think they should change the grey one to a different color such as purple.If you drop the grey one you cannot see it easily !!!!
The grey one is easy to loose track of in the bottom of a tool bag or inside a box, etc. the color doesn't stand out among the rest of the clutter on a job site. The red and yellow work fine. I suggest that they change the color of the grey one to bright blue for example.I have also noticed that the points are getting dull on my set........and I only use them occasionally. So instead of using the next smaller nail set to tap a nail head down, I have to use the size larger than the nail head to ensure that the tip doesn't slide off the nail and create a larger hole to patch. Perhaps they are not using as high a quality of steel or heat treatment as they need to for this specific application.
I don't usually use nail sets, but when I do... Really not much to say. This is a good price on the set.
I got these to modify some door frames for larger strike plates.  They worked well but the blades got messed up pretty quickly.  The metal seems a bit too soft.
A bit sloppy out of the box, but at this price point with a block plane I suppose that's to be expected. After some fine-tuning it's working perfectly fine. Hard to beat at this price point.
Very small plane. This plane works ok, but is a lot smaller then I expected. It feel like a plane for a small child.
I need to use a plane about once every 5 years or so.  Finally decided to trim a sticking wood door.  Naturally I can't find my plane since no one will admit to ever seeing it much less using it.  So now I need a replacement.  Not going to go for an expensive every-day plane, but do want one that is half-way decent and will do the job.  This one fits the bill, although i will say to set it up and keep it set is no small task.  Those without patience will say it is downright aggravating.  If this is you, go for a higher quality nore expensive (like 2X to 3X in price) plane.  Me, I will put up with a bit of aggravation for the light work I do.
Good:1. Solid build2. Sharp Blade3. good feel in handsBad:1. Blad adjustment cumbersome2. hand screws not machined well and have trouble making minor changes evenly between blades.Overall:1. Worth its price2. Don't expect pro grade results over long haul
This is an okay entry-level spokeshave. It's not excellent, but it probably can't be beat for the price. The iron will need sharpening, the sole may need flattening, sharp edges, burrs, and other things may need to be filed down for fit and ergonomics, but spend half an hour or a hour tuning it up and it should perform quite well. As well as a $100 or $200 tool? Probably not, but will you get your 20 bucks' worth out of it? Absolutely.
I thought I would use this a ton to scrape off little edges here and there, but it's just not that effective. My unit arrived with a poorly calibrated blade, and the adjusters are DEFECTIVE. They do not properly align with the blade making them useless.
I do not use a spoke shave very often but this on serves the purpose.  The blade can use some additional sharpening before initial use.
I bought this to cut up boxes from ordering so many things on amazon. You have to be really careful because the blade is extremely sharp. Do not try to cut anything up on your floor or rugs. It came with 3 blades, all of them are inside the knife and you need to take it apart with a screw driver to set the blade in. I thought this was a little dangerous having to handle the razor sharp blades, position it properly and the put it back together. It wasn't that hard. Not sure if all knives are like this, but it was really inexpensive so you can't expect frills. Just be careful.
In the 90's this was the first quick change knife, which I loved to not find a screwdriver to change blades.  If you try to cut drywall, shingles, etc the blade will fall out if you push hard, but great for pencil sharpening, tyvek or box cutting. As well the twine cuttter is awful for cutting fiberglass insulation as it hooks the insulation.  get a center pivot quick change, somewhat better.
To start, I would like to thank C. Pearson for his video that helped me figure out just now how to change a years-old dull blade (!) and to agree with Robert Chadwick's summary: "Good Knife --- Frustrating --- Then Simple."If you cannot figure out how to access the spare blade chamber, as I couldn't, here's how it goes --Press the black button found on the upper surface near the butt (non-blade end) of the knife down and forward until the long black chamber at the bottom of the knife levers open. The first time you may need to press a screwdriver edge into the split between the black area and the silver middle area to pop it open, if the knife is a bit gunky. I'll try to post a picture of the chamber opened to help folks.
Don't get this one, get the Stanley model above this.  I have one, and also have the Irwin.  The Stanley is better.
It's flimsier than I thought it would be, so great care must be taken when sawing molding. It works OK, so I have no complaint other then the flimsy nature of the beast. Oh, nice Stanley Mitre saw though...
Well I used it to cut a few things that were small because I didn't want my fingers anywhere near my power Miter saw. I cut them and the accuracy was reasonable for the price. Think it would be a better deal if it was around $10. I'll probably use it only when I have something small to cut.
Welp. Don't know what I expected. This does the job of keeping angled cuts clean, and gives you a good selection of angles. The pegs are serviceable for what they do. So basically, the design of the mitre box is great, but the quality of the box and the saw both leave something to be desired. The box is flimsy, and if it could be anchored to a work bench I am sure it could do a better job than it does when I'm trying to pin it to a bench with one hand, and use the god-awful excuse for a back saw in the other.I tried using the saw for 5 minutes or so, and got fed up and got my folding camp saw out of the closet, which did the job that this one couldn't in a few seconds.Conclusion - The box is well designed, but flimsy. Which I guess makes it decent.The saw is shockingly close to worthless.
One basic Miter box, the pegs work nicely only complaint is the box its self is made of a rather mediocre plastic.
This review is for the iPhone 4S replacement battery kit.Replaced my 4S battery. Specs on this battery were the same as the ones on the original battery. Can't evaluate performance yet other than 'it works'.The kit I received had a guitar pick and an extra (different) prying tool. It also had a larger pentalobular screwdriver that would work on my MBP.The original battery was difficult to remove because the prying tools broke immediately. Other reviewers had mentioned this but I was still stunned because it was immediate - I hadn't even applied any force yet. I was still able to use them to get the battery out; i however, it would have been easier if the tool had retained the prong at the end. Another reviewer had success with the guitar pick. I did not.The last thing I would note is that this is probably a single-use set of tools, unless you want to strip the screws.UPDATE:I've experienced a reduction in my cellular signal. In places where I used to get a signal (albeit a weak one) I now get no signal at all. I've turned on field test mode to get actual signal strength readings and I get numbers rangings from -68 to -120 depending on where I am.I opened the phone back up to reseat the cell antenna and observed some discoloration on the metal plate on the inside of the back panel. This metal plate is connected to the cellular antenna via the little gold spring by the battery connector. Anyway, the discoloration is similar to what you get when you heat metal and allow it to cool (think of some of your pots). There is also some marking at the same spots on the battery, but it is not 'discoloration' per se. I think that there was a thermal event which affected the performance of the back panel as a cellular antenna.I'm dinging this product another star since I think this 'thermal event' was caused by the battery getting hotter than an OEM battery would have.
Has all the tools needed to replace the digitizer on the Droid2 A955. The plastic separation tool is a bit flimsy so be careful with it and you will find it does the job ok.
This is generally a good set of screwdrivers if you are needing to work on a phone.  The Torx Drivers seem to work well and have hard/crisp tips.  The screw drivers aren't great and are almost impossible to turn.  The prying tool does work and protects the phone.  However, it is pretty much single use.  After opening one phone, the edges become too blunt to use again.  Even with the screwdriver and pry tool issues, it's a decent value for the torx drivers.
Haven't actually used these yet.  I bought them so I would have them handy when I do need them.  They seem fine.
This is a "2-Inch" mixer.  The very bottom is 2 1/4" and the spirals are about 3" diameter.  It doesn't matter if you are using it in a paint bucket but it doesn't work if you wanted to put it into a 2" diameter herbicide jug top.  I don't know if it actually dissolves or suspends particles since I couldn't get it into the container that my herbicide is in.
This level doesn't have measurement scribed into it. That was a disappointment. Not that I use it for precise measurements, but when rough ideas are enough it would have been nice.
The one you get is yellow, not red (the photo shows red).  I guess it is some type of metal, but it feels a lot like my plastic level.  It does the job, but I wouldn't classify it as "professional" or "heavy duty."  It is lightweight suited for home use.
I RECEIVED MY LEVEL WITHOUT ONE END PROTECTION; NOW I HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF THE LEVEL END TO NOT DAMAGE IT
The metal cap has come loose. This does not affect its functionality.  I will glue it back in place with silicon. Otherwise it works well.
one reviewer said it was just like the ones made years ago....I have one made years ago and this one is NOTHING like it. The one from years ago had much better steel and thicker too. It also had a metal cap so you could tap it with a hammer and it had an audiable "ping" to it when tapped with a hammer which sounded like quality. The old one also had a larger wooden head.This new one does not have any of those features. It is also made in .....you guessed it "China". It's not just Stanley who are sending their tools over seas and to Mexico. But that's a different story. If you want a "cheap" awl to get by...this is it, if you want a quality awl...look somewhere else.
The handle fell off day one...I wasn't even using it, in fact I didn't use it at all prior to it falling off.I glued the handle back on, and it's fine... But it shouldn't have been an issue..
This is good for a cheap light throw a way tape measure and more accurate than others.
I got this tape to replace a worn out Evans Rule tape measure.  Evans Rule was bought out by the L. S. Starrett Company in 1986.  The old Evans was 3/4" wide.  It is almost impossible to find a 25' or 30' tape these days that is 3/4" wide.  I liked the narrower tape for its flexibility.  1" wide tapes are a bit too stiff for my tastes.  It's just one of my eccentricities, but I miss the 3/4" tapes.  This Stanley is certainly heavy duty and should last a long time, so it's worth a 3-star OK rating in my book.
It feels clunky and cheap when you're pulling out the tape and retracting it, but it serves its purpose just fine. I bought it to toss in my tackle box, and for that, it's perfect, but look somewhere else if you need something that will last a lifetime and hold up to abuse.
This measure is light, small, and handy.  My only gripe is when it retracts sometimes the tab on the end hangs up and to completely close the tape it must be moved a few millimeters by hand.
There's not much to judge on a device like this.  It's aluminum, so it shouldn't rust.  The markings are clear and legible.  It is indeed square (90 degree angle).But I'm giving it 3 stars due to the obnoxious label on it.  It's 3" long and runs edge to edge on the long side.  When I tried to peel it off, I only got a little bit of label.  I tried a few more times with the same result.  The paper is peeling off in tiny pieces, and the adhesive is still stuck to the square.After a few minutes with a razor blade and goo-gone I'll have it off, and can use it happily ever after.  But really, Stanley, use a label that comes off cleanly and easily.
I agree with two other reviewers here: One, the contrasting numbers are easier to read. That's especially useful for old eyes.Two, Stanley QC is not great and MOST of their squares are NOT very square.No problem!Everyone needs a small "beater" square for home-projects; one they can carry easily, throw in a tool box and not have to "baby."  Superb accuracy is not usually critical for small projects, but small inaccuracies tend to compound and create big problems with multiple cuts. You can adjust ANY square like this to be nearly perfect in minutes.Here's how:One, flatten the three edges (lightly) with 180-grit sandpaper. Temporarily affix the sand paper to a known flat surface like a surface-plate, honing guide, marble tile or glass plate. Rub the edges over the sandpaper LIGHTLY until the whole surface of each edge is abraded. Don't "rock" the square as you sand, Keep the square "square." If you can't do that by feel, then use a wood block to hold the square perpendicular to the sandpaper.TWO, check the square with a GOOD RELIABLE square, like machinists squares or that heirloom Starrett you keep inside. When you find out which way it is off, either abrade more from the "fat" side or "peen" the corner to relieve an acute angle.You can "square" any small square with this method in two minutes.Don't have a machinist's square? Don't sweat.Just mark a line from any straight-edge, then flip the square and mark another line from the same starting-point. If the square is "out" the lines will diverge. Because you flipped the square, you doubled the error, so whatever distance the line is off, is TWICE the error. That tells you how much you need to correct. (for instance, If the lines are a 16th off at the end, remove a 32nd.) If you want anal-retentive accuracy, don't use a pencil; use a knife-blade to make your lines. With this method, you can get a cheap square accurate to one-or-two-thousandths over a 6-inch length! That'll make your layouts and cuts BETTER than most miter-saws.VISIBLE MARKINGS: You can make ANY square like this (with indented markings) easier to read. Apply any regular artist's or household paint to the surface. The type of paint is NOT too important. Contrasting color IS. For instance, I had a Swanson speed-square of plain aluminum, which was a light grayish tone. I used dark blue latex paint left over from another job.Slather that contrasting paint all over the square. I use a paper towel and force the paint thoroughly into each indentation. You might want to keep paint away from the intersection of the base and the plate. (It's hard to clean out of corners.)Then immediately squeegee off the excess paint. (A credit card works well for this) You will see the colored numbers clearly. To get the remaining thin-layer of color off the face, wait until the remaining surface-paint is bone-dry. (Outside in the sun this takes five minutes. A hair-dryer works too.) Use a sanding block to rub the surface. Fine grit sandpaper (240 or above) on a flat sanding-block won't touch the indented numbers or markings, ( which will still be slightly wet and shiny)  but it WILL remove the extra paint and polish the surface. The markings are crisp and legible. It really looks nice when your done!These tricks work just as well on those plastic speed-squares; maybe better! Plastic has a slight advantage over aluminum here: Aluminum, especially when it is painted Black like this Stanley, will change dimension noticeably or even warp in the hot sun. Like I said, that usually is no big deal for small projects. But plastic squares don't change dimension at all until they get hot enough to soften. If it is THAT hot out, you won't be working outside for long! Plastic squares survive falls and abuse better too. Once an aluminum tool is bent, it stays bent. Plastic is easier to sand into square and the faces clean-up faster too.BLACK TOOLS can get hot enough to burn your hand when they are left out in the sun. Shiny metal is not quite as bad. Light colored plastic never gets so hot that it burns or distorts significantly. Also, plastic is easier to abrade with sandpaper and the paint adheres inside those indentations very well. Plastic squares are usually bright orange or yellow, so any dark color of paint will look great and be easy-to-read. After you sand the surface with a sanding block, the numbers on plastic squares seem crisper; more well-defined than aluminum.So, if you already have one of these Black Aluminum squares, you can improve its accuracy for no cost in a few minutes.If you are going to buy one of these because you like the looks, don't worry about Stanley's poor quality control. Squares are easy to "repair-to-square." If you have a light-colored aluminum square, you can still get readability with a cheap painting trick in five minutes. If you are on a tight budget and want a durable lightweight square, get a plastic one which won't warp, change dimension or ruin a saw blade when you accidentally nick it. I have seen those for as little as 50 cents on sale. $2.50 to $3.50 is common. Five-bucks for a plastic square is high.You can get professional accuracy for nice outdoor projects with your cheap plastic square. Plus you can laugh at your neighbor when he picks up his hot black Stanley square after lunch!This square is not substantially better or worse than most others like it. Almost all of them are mass-produced in China to the same apathetic standards. If you know these tricks, you can make any square like this as good as it needs to be for neat projects around the house. Save your money for important things like eye-protection and good cutting-tools.Happy woodworking!
This is a fine speed square in many respects but it's lacking scribe notches and a tape on the layout side. It's a real drag not having those. I ordered a swanson speed square to replace it and now this just hangs in the shop as a backup.
I wish this did not have such a wide metal piece on the bottom. I wish it were flat all around instead of the perpendicular bottom piece which makes it impossible to set on flat surfaces.
I chose this 9.6 DeWalt three years ago because it was strong enough to do most tasks, but not as heavy and cumbersome as 14-volt NiCad models. It's been a decent performer, but its NiCad batts are a hassle. They just don't hold their charge very long any more - even after sitting on the bench only a couple of days. I now used a 14-volt Porter Cable LI for most drilling & driving tasks. The LI battery holds a charge for weeks. Worth the extra $$$.
Works as advertised, but too many holes and the numbers are too small. You very seldom need to be within 1/16th inch when installing drywall.
The Rock Ripper arrived super fast and is a good quality tool; however, it had a 10" sticker on it that left a ton of glue over the holes.  I attempted to use Goof Off but it started taking the stamped black measurements off.  Very frustrating!!!
may be they are soft by design, but if a nail get's half way (I found this is common using a flooring nailer) then it is very difficult to finish driving the nail with a hammer because they will bent super easy.
This is a light duty sander and you can expect results similar to those you would obtain if doing a final hand sanding with 220 or above paper. If you bear down on it, the motor will burn out in short order.