This has nice projects even someone just starting out will find they want to make.  Simple instructions with enough drawings and measurements make it a must have for the new Kreg Jig owner.  This will give you enough practice to make a few things and then move on to bigger and better projects with that ingenious jig.
Has some good information in it.  The projects included in the book, are at a level, that just about anyone can do them.
This book is not biased toward any particular brand of pocket hole jig and shows how to use a few of them, but most projects are built with the Kreg System.It has some handy tips for making mitered corners and how to best use the pocket hole jig for that application, and has several design plans. I don't particularly like the style of the furniture but if you have your own style I'm sure you can innovate beyond these plans.  One picky point I have is that there is one dining room hutch/cabinet in this book that has and angled face and cabinets, but the book skips right over the steps required to cut the angle in the face frames after they are built so that they mate together at an angle and create the beveled face of the cabinet. One thing you have to be careful with when using pocket hole screws is that if you want to plane or trim an assembled face frame or panel, you don't want to run a screw through your blades - they are hidden within and you have to remember where they are located before you start cutting.  It appears that if you follow these plans exactly, the proper way to cut the face frame would be apparent, but it seemed like a critical step that at least requires more mention than simply skipping to the next step.If you haven't used pocket hole screws before, this is a great book for ideas and should get you started pretty quickly.
When I recently purchased the Kreg system, I was looking for a reference to get me started.  I found this book fit the need admirably.  While I am not as madly in love with pocket hole joinery as some, this book will give you a good jumping off place if you are a newcomer to it all.
I bought this so I could make a few projects with my Kreg pocket jig.  I never did, I had so many other things to do with my Kreg I never got to this book. But that does not mean I cannot comment on its content.  I have been wanted to make the clock for a long time, there are projects in here that a young person can manage.  the instructions are straight forward and easy to follow, anything to do with the Kreg jig is easy.  I will be using this soon, hopefully.
Mine was shipped from China, took about 2 weeks I think, IIRC.  Came with the required AAA batteries.I clip it to my headboard, about 1 inch thick, it holds on there well.  Two light levels from the switch (press once low, again high, again off).  Flexi boom arm stays put once I put it where I want it.Solid purchase.
Very nice overall - two brightness settings and a good spread of light.  Works very nicely on my Kindle.  I wish the dim setting was a little more dim - I worry it is too bright and keeps my wife awake.
I had a couple of lamps burn out over the winter months.  Needed to get some spares and found this 10 pack for the Hampton bay lamps.  Fit fine, worked fine, rapid delivery.
Still looking for the 'dimmable' option--only found the on/off switch. But essentially the same light as the 'table' model, very bright yet only 3W used. Has a clamp instead of a weighted base, capable of attaching to a table or headboard no larger than 1 and 1/4 in thick. Only assembly req'd was plugging cord into plug. Same perfect black paint as table model, but cannot change bulb--permanent, so must toss entire unit if it ever burns out! Advertised @ 20K hours! We'll see...&#128521;
My study room doesn't get enough sunlight and I needed a desk light that can be clamped on to a shelf or hung on a nail. This clamp has both options. It's not very big in size and like the other reviewers mentioned it does tend to drop a little. Does bother me since I leave it in one position and it stays that way.
I purchased this lamp from Ikea several months ago, and thought it had been long enough that I could fairly give this product the four stars I think it deserves.PROS- Simple, yet still has the elegant Ikea aesthetic- Not too bright- Adjustable to almost any angle/height- Base is wide and heavy, very stable- Perfectly focused light for a keyboardCONS- Some major quality control issues (see negative reviews)- Wall plug is too wide for my tastes, takes up two power strip sockets- Not dimmableAs mentioned, there are serious quality control issues. I'm a bit of a tinkerer by nature - if something stops working I'll have it apart in no time to see if I can fix it. That said, I understand not everyone is, and I can empathize with the negative reviews for this lamp. I don't like the wall plug (double wide) but apart from the small issues this really is a fantastic lamp! I have it peeking around the side of my iMac, spreading light over my full-size keyboard. For this application it is perfect, and for what it's worth I have used this every day for several months with no issue whatsoever.OVERALLA very nice lamp that is highly-adjustable and gives just the right amount of light. Some QC issues, but overall easily recommended.
Earlier this year, I found an affordable LED reading lamp I liked at Target, but sadly, it stopped working this week. Hoping for an even better alternative, I checked again at Target, and also at Ikea. Target still offered a variation of the lamp I'd bought before, but for triple the price of this similar LED lamp from Ikea.I particularly like the compact light housing on the Ikea lamp, and the heavy base that ensures the light stays where I aim it. My only complaint is that the power switch is in the power cord rather than a toggle switch on the base as it is on the Target lamps. The light output is also a bit less, but I consider that an advantage for reading in bed.My wife doesn't like the look of the Ikea lamp, but I really do like it, so form your own opinion from the photos.Recommended.
I bought this for my mother, who is 5' tall and has small hands. I am also a small woman, though still a couple inches taller than my mom...she's shrinking...hhehe...anyway... The same year she happened to buy me a porter cable circular saw.I have used this and I have used the Porter Cable circular. This saw is a very nice quality with some good features. However it is bulky and less easy to manipulate. Mostly it is bulky. Which would be good for big guys. If you're smaller framed....or a small woman, this might be a little cumbersome. I enjoy using the Porter Cable circular saw much more, without any sacrifice of accuracy or power.This is a very good saw, but remember to play with your tools before you buy them. And think of the end user if it is a gift.
The Milwaukee 6390-21 was my first circular saw purchase.  It is fairly lightweight, quiet for a circular saw, zipped right through a bunch of cedar planks and cedar 4x4s once I got the hang of it.  (Note that I used aFreud D0740X Diablo 7-1/4 40 Tooth ATB Finishing Saw Bladefor these cuts.)  I'm not sure yet whether the adjustable handle is a must-have feature, but it is a nice option to have.  And adjusting the cutting depth and angle is a cinch.After using this for a full day I think the electric brake and replaceable power cord on the Milwaukee 6394-21 would be a nice upgrade - but perhaps not worth the significant extra cost for my DIY use.  My only other concern is the aluminum base plate, which flexes a bit under pressure.  If Milwaukee had included a stiff magnesium base plate this would be a 5-star saw.  As is, it is still a great bargain - the only other saw I considered (a Makita with magnesium base plate) was $35 more at the local big box store.
Everyone loves this saw, or so it seems from the reviews.  I like this saw as well, I own it.  I've had it for over a year and a half and I've cut everything from 1x4s to 6x6s, mostly for framing.  I still think it lacks power compared to a worm drive, which isn't all that much more expensive.  Here's what I'd like you to consider before buy a circular saw: try out a worm drive before buying anything. Brakes are a definate plus, for you don't want to slow down when you're on a roll and they make for a downright safer cut.  Also consider the $60 Skil 13amp saw with a laser.  Skil is a great name when it comes to circular saws, and what a great price.  If you want to spend more look at the Skil worm drive saw.  If you want to buy milwaukee, buy the version of this circular saw with a brake, you'll thank yourself later.
Generally, a good saw. Comfortable to pick up and get to work, but not the kind of tool to set down or store carelessly due to the aluminum shoe easily bending.Saw does get up to speed a bit slow, and it does throw sawdust around. It helps to practice a bit and to use the sharpest, finest blade you can for the work at hand. It's tempting to let the motor do all the work, but stick with good sense and let the proper blade do the work.I generally enjoy the saw and have a great deal of confidence in it getting the work done. I would give it a higher review, but it's not a tough tool, just a good one.If it lasts a few years, I'll be happy at this price - although I would have paid extra for a detachable cord and a rip fence to be included in the giant red box...
This has been a good router for me.  It has good power, and the soft start works well.  The controls are easy to use.
Still havent used them but they came immediately and will be handy later on. Hopefully I will make a great project from having them.
The guides were well made and fit my router perfectly. The only problem I had was that the case was busted when I received it. I would recommend this product. A good value for the price.
I've used these before and they're OK, but as others have said they're NOT stainless steel. Brass runs along templates more smoothly and won't chew up your expensive bits so much if something should happen to come loose during operation. A nice brass set from Woodline (Woodline USA WL-WTS 10-Piece Brass Router Template Guide Kit) costs less and includes an adapter plate too, for using PC-sized guides in a large-based  router such as the Makita 3612.
The collet works great and does what its suppose to do, but I think if PC is going to charge me 300 dollars for a VS 3 1/4 HP router it should come with a 1/4&#34; collet.
The Porter Cable 1700 series comes with a 3/8&#34; collet.  Go figure.  That's OK if your a production shop, but they should sell the darn thing with a 1/4&#34; collet because it costs a fortune and their customers probably have a lot of 1/4&#34; shank bits.
Granted this thing is accurate and well made (almost bomb proof) but why so heavy and bulky.I dont think it's necessary.I love porter cable products and have used them for years.My edge guide came as a freebie with a package deal I bought.I use it and  have no complaints about it other than it being just too big and heavy.If and When I buy a new edge guide it will be the porter cable model# 5043,it offers the same level of accuracy but without all the bulk. Now get out there and round something over.
I have used this guide a few times since its purchase and find it quite satisfactory for the times I need an edge guide.  It is heavy, solid and stays in place.  Not complicated to figure out.  Overall, it is a good accessory to keep on hand.
This is a really accurate easy to use router guide.  I wish I could figure out how to mount it to my skill saw for breaking down plywood.The guide is easy to use, pretty intuitive, and does a very good job of what it is supposed to do:  guide the router.I've used it with Porter-Cable 690 and 890 series routers and it is a cut above the old style with two rods.  It also works with the plunge base of the Dewalt 611 trim router.The things I don't like are probably minor to most people.First, if they drilled and tapped the open end, and put a plate there:  You would have a storage place for all the extra bits they give you to adapt it to different routers.  I bought this guide for use at work.  I've had the same guide for about five or six years now at home.  The pin to make it work as a circle guide was lost about a month after I bought the one at home.  One of the guys that works for me is a hobby machinist, so he is going to drill and tap the body, and make a plate for the end so we can store the extra parts in the guide.Secondly, the indicator sleeve could use hash marks at the 45-degree points, which would let you adjust to the nearest 128th of an inch, and interpolate to the 256th of an inch.  Again the guy who works for me can make the change.
I'm pretty new to using routers, and edge guides.  I've had some trouble  learning how to setup the edge guide for accurate depths.  However, that is  part of my learning curve. The Edge guide was very easy to install on all  the PC 693PK router bases I have.  The micro adjuster also works well.  I  expect to become more proficient at using this edge guide soon, and I'm  sure I'll be even more happy with it then.
Works great with my porter cable 690.  Use for fluting, or whatever you need a edge guide for. Recommend to anyone.
Works as advertised, handy to use, not diffiuclt to set up and prepare, I like this edge guide a lot.
I have not used the guide yet but the directions that came with it are very clear and the guide is very well made. I am looking forward to having a project that I can use it on.
As a novice at routing, I was puzzled for a while when I bought router bits that would not fit through the hole in the router base. Lo and behold, after reading an Amazon review I learned that you could buy an optional sub-base with a larger whole that would accommodate larger bits. I needed to round the edge of a 1" piece of oak, and the rounding bit has a "shoulder" that needed to be above the work surface. So the larger hole in the sub-base enabled me to raise the bit so that only the curved portion engaged the wood. Evidently the thinking behind the smaller hole is to make the router more stable for hand-held use, but I found it no problem to work with the larger hole. I totally agree with whoever said that this base should come standard with the router - with as much as router tables cost, you need this flexibility to maximize what you can do in the hand-held mode.
I needed a router sub base with a larger diameter hole for a couple bits that were too large for the standard sub base that came with my Porter Cable 690 router.  This has a large enough hole to fit my Freud 45 degree chamfer bit and a large cove bit.  The fact that I can see through the base is probably a bonus.
...be an accessory.I bought my first Porter-Cable router when my trusty 25+ y.o. Craftsman finally bit the dust. I figured routers were pretty simple devices and they are all generally the same; the same bits that fit my Craftsman would fit the Porter-Cable. Wrong. I tried to use a 3/4" round-over bit. The bit would not fit the hole in the stock base plate. I (and a lot of others) couldn't believe Porter-Cable would make their classic router without the capability to accept any non-pro grade bit. I had two different sized collets so why not two base plates?This thing is clear, made in Mexico, fits the router perfectly and allows you to use a full range of bits. Yes, you can make one if you want or buy this one and wonder why it wasn't included in the first place. For that I knocked off a star.
not a perfect fit - would be nice to get hardware with it - but for certain uses the see-through is wonderful!
Not much to say, well made for the most part, all metal where it should be. My PC690 fits well. The depth adjustment rod is a little sticky. I think it has some burrs on it. I will pull it off and clean it up for easier use. I should have bought this in a kit with fixed base and router together.
I've owned this router for more than 10 years.  It is dead reliable.  I prefer the D-handle version as it affords better control.  The 690 line is still THE standard reference for routers, though the design is aging.  I would expect that anyone buying this router would be quite happy with it, but as more and more routers come available with variable speed, soft-start, better adjustment mechanisms, shaft locks, etc., the decision is harder than it used to be.  10 years ago I would have given this router 5 stars.  The quality hasn't changed, but the market has.  If a basic router fits your usage, however, you've found the right one - and without maintenance worry on features you don't need.4 stars for showing its age.
This saw has alot of power.  It is heavily constructed and comes with a dust chute that can be pointed in any direction (see picture, it swivels around).  Well balanced and the ergonomics are good.  If you use a circular  saw on a daily basis, this saw is right for you.  If you are a hobbyist  that uses a circular saw not so often, buy something less expensive and  save the money for another tool.PROS** Power.** Blade cut is  clearly visible.** Easy blade change.** Good depth adjustment  system.CONS** Poorly designed case.** Moderately expensive.
This hose is reasonbly priced. It is sturdy and flexible. It fits all my porter cable power tool with dust port (routers,sanders).Its length is conveniant and allow me to run the hose all the way to the ceiling and down to my workbench.My only complaint is that the hose requires an adapter to be able to fit on a standard shop vac port.
First, let me say I love this saw. Very strong for it's size and cuts plywood with great ease and precision. Unlike another reviewer, I find the fence to be just fine.My two gripes are the small adjustment knobs on the fence and the power trigger. As a middle aged man with the beginning stages of arthritis, I find the knobs can be difficult to loosen, a little bigger or an oblong rubberized knob would be nice. My other issue is the lack of a thumb safety on the trigger. It's easy to actuate the saw just by picking it up if you aren't paying attention. I get used to it myself but others who may be using the saw on a big project with me have commented on it. If you are a lone woodworker that becomes familiar with it, I imaging you might view the lack of a thumb safety as a good thing, one less annoyance. For me, the lack of one is not a good thing for the general population.I'll also mention that the blade choices for these are a bit limited so make sure you look into that at the same time you look at this saw.For some of the negative reviewers here, perhaps you are expecting a lightweight trim saw to be as strong as a full size worm? If so, you are using the wrong tool. This is a great saw for plywood and trim, with the right (sharp) blades. If you want a saw you can fling into the box, toss around the job site, and power through ply with a dull blade, look elsewhere.
talk about getting down to business.  this saw chews up wood,nails,pipe, whatever gets in the way.  it definately outcuts the milwaukee.  i like the weight of this tool. it makes those overhead cuts alot easier. just rest the saw on top and let it chew its way through.i deducted a star for two reasons: 1: there is more vibration than the milwaukee(what else do you compare a saws all to),2: the quick change chuck is a little difficult at times.  it likes to bind up and you will need a plier to twist it free.  not a real tight bind, just too much for fingers.overall, if mine was lost, stolen, or broken, i would not hesitate to purchase the P-C again
I've owned two of these over the years. One was the older model and the one you see here. They are very durable. They will cut anything you want to cut with power to spare. The quick change blade clamp is very simple and  very useful . The orbital action is great for speeding up any cutting job  in anything except metal. Just watch for splinters. The variable speed  makes it much easier to start a cut.  The only complaint I have with the  saw is that it vibrates a whole lot. My hands go numb after only a few  minutes with this saw. If Porter cable would put a counter balance in like  Milwaukee , this would be a 5 star saw.
I always wanted a belt sander but never had an actual need until I started a shop workbench consisting of a 2x4 laminated top.  Once everything was glued and dried, I pulled her out of the box, attached the dust bag and adjusted the belt tracking on medium course sanding belt and let it rip on high speed.  I was pleased at what quick work the sander made of smoothing the laminated top.  Only light pressure was required for the sander to do its work.  The sander fit comfortably in my hands with very little vibration.  The dust bag was able to capture some of the dust being generated but just as much went airborne.  I guess this is to be expected with any belt sander though.  The variable speed came into play when I need to smooth some uneven edges on the cabinet carcass.  By dialing the unit down to a medium-low setting I was able to control the amount of material being removed safely.  Keep your eye on the electrical cord as I found out the hard way it can be grabbed by the belt and yanked up into the sander.
I don't often use a belt sander, generally preferring a planer for heavy material removal, but I picked this one up anyway thinking it might come in handy for some renovation project.  These are my admittedly novice impressions of this tool:- A bit difficult to control- Prone to unintentional "sanding" of objects (e.g., the power cord)- Very, very loud (a high pitched scream)I don't really understand the last one, as my stationary sander is a relatively quiet tool.Needless to say, I have ended up not using this tool as much as I had hoped, but if you have the right application for it, it's probably worthwhile.  I generally have the highest regard for PC tools, and this has done everything it claims, and is relatively easy to adjust and change belts.The most memorial moment I've had with this tool was plugging it in once with the switch turned on. GO TOOL GO, TILL YOU RUN OUT OF CORD!!
I've owned/used several belt sanders over the last couple of years.  This is one of the best.  Powerful, somewhat heavy but well balanced. Because it is somewhat heavy and powerful, I save this for the tough wood, like oak or cocobolo.  (I have a Bosch with a sanding frame that is awesome for finish or delicate work.) The motor does run hot, as another reviewer noted.  The dust collection bag works darn well for what it is.
you could turn the thing upside down to make quick adjustments to small pieces of wood, it would be near perfect. It's a great combination of size/wieght/price/performance, but it wont sit upside down without building a jig/stand to hold it.In most instances, this is not an issue. But when it is, it's a fairly annoying design flaw.
nice and solid to keep it from wandering too much. feels like it should last a while. i use mine only occasionally so i can't speak to its longevity. variable speed is a nice feature. before this, i had only used my dad's old black and decker....needless to say this one blows that one away!
Great sander, ample power, belt changes and tracking adjustments are a snap.  However, one time during use, I inadvertently let the power cord get too close to the drive wheel.  The tool sucked the cord up, wedging the cord between the sanding belt and the tool housing, and grinding the motor to a halt.  The cord was easily repaired, but the drive belt (which connects the motor to the drive wheel) was shot and needed to be replaced.  The moral of the story is to keep a close eye on the cord, and keep it away from the drive wheel at all times.  Other than that, the tool has performed flawlessly.
This a fine quality machine. It really is very basic and quite simple in its design. Although not as refined as some sanders out there this unit does one thing well. SAND.The ability to adjust the speed is a must on any sander.This tool will easily withstand the daily rigors of loading and unloading your work truck.I do recommend upgrading the sanding shoe and I wish porter cable offered that as a standard.From the rugged american craftsmanship to its simplicity and fair price this tool is a big hit.Two thumbs up on this one.Now get out there and sand something.
A while back following a major wallet-emptying experience buying new windows for my house I decided to save money by recycling the 60 year old case molding.  Having admired from afar the Porter Cable 9444 I finally  felt justified in purchasing one.  It was the right thing to do.  This  machine with it's 1.8 amp motor has the power to remove material  surprisingly fast in small places while giving you excellent control.  Despite the seemingly small footprint of the sanding pad and the  accessories, this machine cut far faster than I had hoped for.  Over 640'  of molding that had been badly re-painted several times came clean quickly.  There was always a profile head that matched a particular nook or cranny.  Originally, I had thought to use the 9444 only to do the grooves and tight  places, but I found it fast enough to do the faces and edges of the molding  as well - it was easier (and safer for the molding) than getting out the  belt sander. When you use this machine your hand circles the entire motor.  This is not a perfect feeling and I found myself having to stop at times to  rest my hand.  However there was far less vibration transferred to your  hand that I expected.  Porter Cable seems to think that you will never  need a place to store extra sandpaper in the ubiquitous molded plastic case  - there is a place for everything that comes with the purchase but nothing  extra.  When will toolmakers realize that they are missing a free  marketing-moment by this sort of shortsighted design?  I consider these  gripes somewhat minor compared to the overall excellence of the machine. If  you only have occasional tight-place sanding to do, there is probably a  less expensive rodent-like solution out there.  But if you have a seriously  large project to do or are in the trades you can't go wrong with this  machine.
I make furiture and do some restoration work. This sander has been a time saver. I do not know how I would improve it. Others have told me this unit is hard to hold for extended periods, I have not found that to be the case. It cleans up very well. You will find it simple to change profiles and sand paper. Heat build up has not been a problem for me. This is a quality tool that has a fine fit and finish.
I'll admit that this is the best 1/2 sheet sander on the market and has been for 30 plus years.  Simple to use, vibration free, reliable as the day is long and a high quality finish are all part of what you are buying with this model.So why have I given it a 4 star rating?  Two words, dust collection... or lack thereof.  For as long as this model has been on the market PC have still not given any serious consideration to how to effectively collect the considerable amount of dust generated by this tool.  There is a boot PC sells as an add-on that fits over the base.  However, unless your only sanding flat surfaces AND are willing to drag a vacuum hose around you can rule this accessory out.  Something, anything would help especially with so much dust control regulations being imposed by various government agencies, work place safety boards, fire marshals and insurance companies.Other than that a great tool that will basically last forever.  Highly recommended.
I own quite a few sanders, and in my opinion this is one of the best, although not _the best_.Other reviewers have done an excellent job on focusing on all the positives, so I won't waste time restating what they wrote.For the price there are a few things that could be improved on:1.) The old 330 has a metal housing, where as this one is plastic. Granted, on a cold day the plastic is probably more friendly, but I like the feel of the metal housing better.2.) The new 330 isn't made in the U.S.A., where as the old one is. For the price, it should be made here.3.) The new 330 is rated at 14,000 RPM, where as the old one is 15,000. This probably makes the brushes and bearings last longer, although the brushes don't seem to be the same quality as on the older unit. Either way, the extra 1,000 RPM helped a lot when trying to avoid swirl marks with a course grit. The 340 is also 14,000 RPM, but 1/2 the price.4.) The new 330 isn't counter-balanced as well as the old, perhaps because of the lighter plastic case.5.) The 330 doesn't have a dust collection system, unlike the 340. Granted, if you buy a 330 you probably have a downdraft table and don't want the drag of the vacuum hose to interfere with the feedback of the sander, but it would still be nice.6.) You pretty much need the tool to install the sandpaper. Everyone I know (including me) who has a 330 uses PSA paper because of this. Bosch has an ideal setup on their 1297DK, which is also a nice sander, but 12,000 RPM.With that said, this is still the best unit available for purchase that I've found. The hand grip is very comfortable, it's fairly quiet, and the vibration is low enough to not cause numbness after extended periods of sanding. Because of the price I'm giving the new 330 4 stars, although I'd have given it 5 if they kept everything the same from the old 330.
Unlike some other users, I've replaced my belt sander with this one.The good points of this sander have to do with it being very powerful and a random orbit sander.  Powerful is good for smoothing large surfaces quickly.  Quickly is good for me because I hate sanding so much (I own at least seven electric sanders -- I must hate it).  Random orbit is good, frankly, because you never get the surprises that an instant of inattention with a belt sander gets you (I am in awe of those of you who get perfect results every time with a belt sander -- you are better than me).  This machine is nearly as aggressive as my P-C belt sander, and much less likely to carve low spots or dig in an edge.The bad part is that it is much harder to handle than a smaller, less powerful random orbit sander.  It took me a while to develop a smooth technique with it, and it still sometimes wants to &quot;walk&quot; off the work piece.  I use it for preliminary sanding on flat surfaces before assembly.  I think it would be a poor choice for sanding small parts of an assembled piece, and a disastrous choice for something with a lot of different surface levels close to each other (a rolltop desk, small table, chair, etc.)I use it where I used to use my belt sander, and finish sand by hand or with my small random orbit sander.By the way, it sands like mad.  It's fast.  It's aggressive.  I love it.Recommended.
Item was delivered in a very timely fashion.  Exactly what I ordered, just wish I could find 5 hole sand paper locally
I bought this for a spare & have not used it yet. Will keep for future replacement when it is needed
In reading others reviews, I made a slight modification to this pad.  The original pad had a much stronger base to the pad.  When installing this pad, I removed the foam from the original pad and sandwiched it between the new pad and sander.  So far I haven't noticed any of the stripping or lose fitting complaints from other reviewers.  It was certainly much cheaper than purchasing a new sander.
Like most reviewers, I had to replace my original pad after it started to fall apart.  Thanks for the reviews that suggested to put a #6 washer to make it last longer.  The only reason it is not 5 stars is Porter-Cable should not require you to add a washer or a replacement item.
I was not aware I needed to keep one of these on hand until my sanding pad fell off during use after a few years of infrequent but heavy use.  Good ol' Amazon had this in stock and prime shipped to my door in two days, vs. having to look around town.Not sure what the folks who had trouble with sticking were talking about, perhaps they had the wrong disks.  This is the same as the original, and my disks have to be forcefully peeled off.Wish they didn't fail in the first place, but since it does this is a great replacement.  If you are in a professional environment, keep a replacement on hand as you can't predict when it will fail.
I'm not sure how to rate these pads.  The sander works well, as do the pads WHEN NEW.  But, they deteriorate fairly quickly and throw pieces of rubber about as they begin coming apart. Wear eye protection.
I have used my 2 333's for over 2 years.  I have never had a problem with them and have found that they are the most used sanders in my shop.The top palm grip is comfortable, which is important to me as I have smaller sized hands than my fellow woodworkers.  The variable speed adjustment knob is located in an out of the way place, ensuring that you don't accidentally increase the speed while working on your project.The hook and loop setup is very nice.  I have yet to have any problems with any of the hook and loop sandpaper I have used on the two that I own.  None of the paper has ever slid off.I have had a slight problem with one of the dust collectors.  On one of my machines, the collector keeps popping off unless it is secured with masking tape.  Aside from that, the unit collects and pushes dust away properly.  I would still suggest using a mask, however.
I've always admired the Porter Cable build and this is no exception.  It is a great saw, but definitely invest in better blades.  I couldn't give it five stars because changing the blade is somewhat of a hassle.  Installing the blade, no problem.  Try to take the blade out, problem!!Also, Porter Cable needs to offer a better warranty.  The fact that they only offer a 1 year warranty concerns me.  To me, it means that they are not confident in their product.  Milwaukee on the other hand, offers a LIFETIME warranty.
Typical Porter Cable high quality.  Plenty of power, nice cut.  The negatives... The blower is a joke.  PC missed the boat on that one.  Blade changes are a royal pain.  Getting them in isn't so bad, but try getting them out.  {:-(  All in all, not a bad saw.
This is a very powerful jig saw. It cuts really good. I use it for most work as substitute for my circular saw. I found high quality Bosch T shank blades work great on this saw. The thing I hate is the clunky quick change system. But when I use the saw I forget about this problem. It does blow dust but I don't care about it as long as the saw is great. That'swhy I am giving it only four stars.
I've not owned another laminate trim router, but I have to say that this does a great job on laminate.  I've just completed a set of countertops and backsplashs and it does a fine job.  I've not seen the problems with height control that some mentioned but then again, I wasn't doing anything especially tricky.  It runs very smoothly, is easily handled in one hand and is relatively quiet.I would heartily recommend this for countertop makeup.
I am a big fan of Porter Cable tools, I own many.  This PC laminate trim router works fine,  It does exactly what it's supposed to do, cut laminate but I'm not overly impressed with the motor.  I have used several trim routers, this router has an odd vibration to it, tough to explain.  I probably wouldn't purchase it again.
Received biscuits look good to me at a glance.As some other reviewers complained, there are some numbers of biscuits with defacts in size, shape, or thickness.However, the number of defacted biscuits are very little(not 30% from other's review, I think less than 2% in my case).Even though the number of defacted biscuits goes upto 20~30%, I think the price is still very cheaper than buying the biscuits from local home centers.
I have too have purchased the 1000 biscuit assortment. For the money it's a fairly good buy.  Yes, I have encountered biscuits that are thicker due to moister absorption. Even keeping them in sealed plastic bags will only delay the swelling, and this is a limitation of the material.  There is a solution, purchase a "Biscuit Press".  Tom Foster designed and sells a tool for this very purpose. It allows you to squeeze the thicker biscuits back to a thinner dimension before insertion, and they fit just fine.  For more information see Link: [...]After I started using the Biscuit press to compress biscuits to a consistent size just before use I haven't had any problems with too thick biscuits.  If you use a lot of biscuits, this tool is a must.  This step will eliminate the biggest limitation of this biscuit problems.
If you keep these in water and humidity proof ziplock bags, they are fine.  About 95% have no problem, but quality control is a bit lacking and some bad ones are inevitable at this price.  All disks are made to absorb water and expand to form a very tight bond when coated with wood glue - that's part of what makes them work.  They come in non-resealable plastic bags and are fine when they arrive but if you use some and don't put the remainder in something water tight, they will expand and become too big to fit.  That's not just these, but ALL wood disks.  It would be great if they came in resealable containers, but they don't, so have some gallon size ziplocks on hand when you open them and don't get them wet.  Great value.
before you judge the quality of these biscuts on my review, keep in mind that they are being kept in less then airtite conditions in a rather damp basement. Most of the pieces which i remove from the bag are, in general, perfectly normal, but there are a few which do take a bit of persuasive action with a rubber mallet to make fit. no huge problems, however. I would recommend.
Biscuits work as they are intended.  Appear to be accurately sized and are of consistent quality.  Reasonable value for the money.
There is not much to say about biscuits. The do work very well and I have gone through about 500 of them with no problems. They seem to be very uniformed and I have not had a joint go out on me yet. I have been building with biscuits for a few years and have always had good luck with Porter-Cable products.
I bought this for my 18V B&D flashlight. It fits a little looser than the orginal and I was a little worried that it wouldn't work, but it works just fine. I haven't used it long enough to comment on bulb life.
When I bought the light many years ago It worked great and was plenty bright.  I took to strapping it onto the handlebars of my bicycle (with a pad to prevent damage) for commuting home at night from work.  I really like the quick forty five minute recharge cycle and I have two batteries so is easy to change out.No other bike light I have found at any price comes close to that quick charge and simplicity.  Anyway . . . the bulbs eventually went after LOTS of use and I went looking for new ones.  At my local tool supply I found them and headed for the counter.  NINE DOLLARS ! ! ! !  (for two bulbs; now ten plus).That's stupid I exclaimed !  For twelve volt flash light bulbs.  I can get the same thing at the local mom and pop hardware store for less than a dollar each; dollar sixty nine tops.  Five dollars each from Dewalt what a mark up !  Thievery !  etc., etc., etc., etc.,OK I am singing a different tune now.  I just "invested" in two genuine Dewalts after several years of using the hardware store ones.  Partly because the cheep ones are getting hard to find and because I remembered the light being plenty bright back when new and hasn't  seemed that way for a while now.  Even allowing for the darkening that happens to the glass on the bulb over timeI put in the new bulb and ran it for a charge worth.  Quite a difference.  The light out put is whiter than the basic cheep bulbs, the spot on the road is larger for the same pitch, it actually seemed to get brighter on the second use even though the battery was lower annnnnnd it ran longer than with the cheep bulbs for the same charge.  I can say that because the run time is within a minute or less for each commute period.  I guess I am back with Dewalt bulbs for the difference they make.
I bought these for my Milwaukee M12 (12-volt) products since Milwaukee, unbelievably, does not make 12V bulbs and puts 14.4V bulbs in their lights which appear dim and yellow.I take away a star for either Amazon's poor packaging or DeWalt's poor protection because, in my first shipment, one bulb was exploded with glass dust all inside the package.This is an "XPR" = xenon PR bulb rated at 0.7A.  I noted that one bulb had the filament centered, while the other was off-centered and did not give as uniform of a pattern as a result (contributes for taking away a star).
I've used a number of these lights in the past and they all broke after dropping a couple times.  Which in theory, would be my fault, but with Dewalt, and this being a work light, it shouldn't.  Either way, I bought one of Dewalts "snaking" lights and have dropped it NUMEROUS times without so much as a hiccup!  Either way, it's a really good light that lasts a LONG time on a single 18V charged battery!
Great addition to an 18 volt Dewalt drill set.  The head rotates to vertical.
Used this for a week along with theDEWALT Fluorescent Area Lightfor lighting in the evenings at my cabin.  (I can charge batteries at a neighbor's.)  It performed well:  bright and easily carried with the battery attached.  Seems stable on the battery, doesn't knock over easily.  I didn't have much cause to use the pivoting head but I can imagine uses where that would be handy.  Battery life is decent, but for the price it would be nice if it was LED so you didn't have to worry about bulbs and the battery life would be longer.
The DeWalt DW908 18-volt flashlight is a nice piece of equipment and great to have around the garage.  Purchased it because I have five or six other DeWalt 18v tools and a couple batteries, and they are all outstanding quality.The light delivered to me has the smaller footprint (for lithium batteries), though my toolset still is based on NiCd batteries and chargers. That was not a problem as it still fits nicely on the NiCd battery... matter of fact, I think that the bigger NiCd battery probably gives this light a much more stable base than a smaller battery would.  Does make it a bit heavy to carry around though, so this light stays in the shop and does not hit the trail with us.The light works well and the position selector for the rotating head makes it easier for me to get the light to shine on just the right place that I need it to.  Similar to comments in other reviews, I was a bit surprised by the lack of intensity of the light though -- it might be just a tad brighter than your typical 2-D cell non-LCD flashlight.  Maybe I have become spoiled by all of the CREE LCDs flooding the market these days, but I did expect a brighter, whiter light.On the flip side, this light's reflection will not blind you when under the car working. It puts out just the amount of light needed, and the swivel head helps direct things nicely. Looks like some reviewers got the spare bulbs with theirs, and some did not... we were on the 'did not' side of things, but that is OK. Already have a couple spares order and sitting in my shopping cart waiting for me to checkout.If you are looking for a good, sturdy flashlight head to run on your Dewalt 18v batteries, this one will work. It is not the brightest or the lightest on the market, but the price and utility are right. If, like us, that is what you seek - then I recommend this light to you.
PROS- It's good and bright, Of course, powered by an 18V batt, that runs circular saws- this light darn well ought to be bright! &#60;g&#62;  Also, it stands well (stable), using the heavy battery as it's base.  Finally, my tired old eyes sometimes have trouble seeing the thin black MagLight, but, even in the dark, can always spot the bright yellow trim on the DeWalt.CONS-  Swivel head will not rotate to 'lower' the beam, requiring light to be laid on it's side.UNKNOWNS- I bought this mainly to exercise my DeWalt batteries, so I have no comparisons with other similar lights. I've had none of the problems (2 star reviews) with bulbs or quality, but then I've only owned this a few weeks, so I can't comment.EXPERIMENTATION &#60;g&#62;  This light WILL accept the 14 V batt. HOWEVER it must be carefully latched (wiggled in, and 'pull' checked). Otherwise it can fall out, in accordance with the 595th corollary of Murphy's Law, which states  &#34;A poorly latched battery will fall out at the highest height above the concrete garage floor&#34; &#60;g&#62;
I am tired of my Dewalt XRP batteries always dying an early death and having to buy more. I bought this because 1. it was relativelycheap and 2. I plan to use it as a means of &#34;using&#34; my batteries and recharging them before they die.  I hope it is worth it.
Nice, but not their snake light.  The Dewalt snake light is much more useful.  Yet, this is cheaper and there are uses so having it around is a good thing.
If you already have a dewalt 12v cordless tool - this flashlight is great.  I always keep my backup batteries charged and I have good light whenever I need it.It's fairly well built and will provide great usable light for more than 30 minutes.  The head of the flashlight rotates so that you can position the beam where you need it.Should it be cheaper?  It used to sell for $ 34.00 and now costs $20.00.Sounds like a good deal to mecaslo
Been using this light for nearly 5 years for all kinds of work in attics or under houses. I've always been able to rely on this thing for difficult to spot wires or for work in a dark closet when mounting panels for security systems. The rotating head is also very handy for that perfect angle when working in odd locations. I do wish it had a clip or hook that would attach to 2x4's in the attic. That is the only reason why i only gave it 4 stars.
It sure is nice having a flash light that I always know there is a fresh battery in.  This is the case because I have multiple of the 12-volt DeWalt batteries and always keep one on the unplugged charger fully charged and ready to swap out for a dead battery. This flashlight is well balanced and feels nice in the hand and turns on and off easily with the thumb of the hand holding the light.  My only complaint is that it eats the battery up pretty fast. I am unable to make a run to the outhouse and back without the flashlight going dead (or at least very dim).  And I don't stay seated long.  I end up turning it off while seated.
Only reason the 4 instead of 5 stars was that while I was waiting the few days it took to get here I found it locally for about $4 cheaper but that was okay since I got what I wanted for a price I was willing to pay (MUCH less that retail) and for less than what most local stores had it....if I had ONLY checked EVERY local store....
Works great combined with my other 18-volt Dewalt tools, though I did replace the bulb with an LED from Super Brite LEDs, much brighter light and longer battery life, though battery life is pretty long anyway.  Really handy to set or lay it sonw and bend neck around to get the light where you need it.  Would be handy if it was a wider beam though.
This is a replacement for an old one that finally wore out.The only draw back is he fact that you have to balance the head just right to keep the unit from tipping over.Other then that, this is a fine product to get light where you need it hands free.
This flashlight is a very good flaashlight overall.  Its 18v pattery provides long lasting bright light for close objects.  It's "flexible snake" handle can be used to hang the light anywhere and aim it where needed. It would be an ideal light to hang under a open car hood to light up the engine compartment.However, after I received my DeWalt flexible floodhlight, I found on Amazon a black aluminum LED flashlight ("3 Watt Cree LED 3 AA Tactical Flashlight 180 Lumen Long Throwing Tight Spot yet wide moon light Torch, 7224bk") which uses 3 AA batteries and produces 180-200 lumens of light. A typical flashlight with an incondescant bulb will normally be WELL under 20 lumins, including the DeWalt flexible floodlight. At close objects it has a very small, bright center beam, but a very broad overspill beam allowing the user to view things not in the main beam very well. For illuminating distant objects, the small center beam gets broader with the distance from the object. It will illuminate objects 400-500 ft. away. I purchased the LED flashlight on Amazon and consider it to be one of the best flashlights I've owned. The way that LED flashlights have improved (compared to incondescant bulbs) is amazing. I use 3 re-chargeable AA batteries in mine. They get 3-5 hours per charge. In about 6 months I've only had to recharge it one time, and it gets lots of use. Unlike incondescant bulbs, the LED should VERY rarely, if ever, need to be replaced.
I got this when I began working on a rental house owned by my mother.  This was very useful because it let me work at night when I'd otherwise have to shut down.  The use of common batteries with the other Dewalt 18V tools is what makes it so useful.I use it as an area light, bouncing off light-colored walls to light up an entire room (and it is a little dim for this).  I still carry a flashlight as a backup and I'd recommend the same to anyone using it at night, since you may knock it over, plywood may fall on it, et cetera.  It can be used for task lighting.  I suspect that the other Dewalt 18V flashlight might be better for that, though.The design of the light, with the flexible neck, lets you set it up in all kinds of positions.  The advice given in another review - set it on its side - should be taken to heart, as I think that's the most reliable way to use it.  Setting the light on the battery base and extending the neck can make it unstable.But this is a very useful light which can be used in many, many ways.  I think that, because it's so useful, one is tempted to use it just a little bit beyond its ability to balance itself.  With that caveat, highly recommended.
I always thought this thing was kind of a joke. While it is combo filler, it is also very usefull, the flex is rigid and stays where you point it. At least sofar being only 2 weeks old. Bright enough to see, this is not a surefire. I even hung it from some pipes and it worked. I grab this light for more jobs that I ever thought I would.An multi LED version or better yet a combo LED/incandescent would be a good redesign for the nano version. I dont like the feel of 100% LED lamps.Anyways, very good lamp but didn't come with extra bulb, hence four stars.
I really like this light. I brought this one to replace the first light I have had for a several years.  The first one was out of warranty and the flex broke near the base of the base of the light. It still worked, but you couldn't hold it in position.  Hoping they have improved the design. You can bend this to just about position to get light on something and free both hands to work on it. Uses the standard Dewalt 18v rechargeable batteries. Has a spot in the light to carry a spare blub, it's near the blub, remove the cover like you are going to replace the blub and you will see the small hole to drop a blub in. My first one came if a spare, now they don't. The blub lasts a long time, but if you don't want to be without light drop in a spare just in case. I own three different Dewalt 18v lights and if I need to work and free both hands this is the one I pick off the shelf. I gave it 4 of 5 stars because of the concern it too may break the flex again and need replaced. Amazon's price was great, cheaper to buy the new light than the part to repair the old one.
Easy to install and works fine. Reason for only four stars is because they sage a little from weight; although I don't think enough to affect the cut.
How did I use the saw without these.  (My wife knows!)  Glad I bought them as they are very handy.
Works great, all metal parts. The only downside is they do not lock in for transportation. I need to keep a bungee cord handy. A clip would be nice to have seeing this is for a portable table saw.I have the model attached to the cart with wheels. This puts the saw sideways when moving and storing upright which makes this even more of a problem.
This scroll saw is as advertised.  I had a lesser model that I started out on and it had a lot of vibration.  Intricate patterns were difficult to cut since the vibration would break the tiny pieces of wood.  There is NO vibration with this saw.  It is solid on its base and everything has easy access.  One item that I added was the &#34;Lifter&#34;, which I purchased separately.  It holds the arm up when changing blades or rethreading.  Dewalt should consider adding this item to the saw - it works great.
In the last 3 months I've tried 4 different scroll saws, 5 counting this one. All the others were ridiculously difficult to install and change blades. And they all had big holes in the table with a plastic insert with big slots in them making it difficult to make square edged cuts and cutting out small parts. I don't know why they put all those plastic guards around the lower arm.Now this one is so easy to use compared to the others. The blade clamps are made for plain end blades and it&#8217;s no problem to clamp even one of the smallest sized blades.As for doing inside cuts, no problem. One of the other saws I tried had this big clear plastic guard thing over the end of the upper arm and blade clamp. There was no way to get a blade up through a work piece to do inside cuts. With the Dewalt all I have to do is loosen the clamp off of the blade and I can raise the arm a couple inches leaving plenty of room to line a work piece up with the blade then lower the arm and clamp the blade in place. The only thing needed is a small block to hold the arm up while getting the blade through the work piece.The blade tension adjustment is also way better than on the other saws I've tried out. It's a little lever right there on the end of the upper arm and you only have to move it about a quarter of a turn to release the tension. Best of all it has markings to line it up with and I can feel it sliding over little notches as I turn it so when I find a tension that works good on a blade I can get the same tension every time I re-clamp the blade when moving it to another inside cut. The main thing you have to remember is you can&#8217;t lift and carry the saw by the upper arm.The speed adjustment is easy to use and the saw responds well and keeps a smooth action through its whole speed range. The on/off switch is big and easy to use right on top. One saw I tried it was down under the table another had it half way back on the side of the arm.About the only complaint I have about it is for the price, it should come with a work light. Even the cheapest poorest quality saw I've tried had a light on it. Almost $500 for it and they want another $30 Bucks for a work light. And it would be nice if they threw in the stand for it too for that price. It&#8217;s a sweet machine but I think they want a little too much just for their name. That's why I didn't give it the other star.
I wanted a scroll saw to help cut out model airplane parts quickly. I did a lot of reading and settled on this saw and promptly received it a few days later. Bent. It is very heavy and feels sturdy but after running it for a few minutes, I noticed it had a knock at RPM's above speed 4. A quick google search later showed that this was a prominent problem from older models. After inspecting the machine further, I noticed it was cutting at an angle. No problem, just adjust the set screw and the thumb screw until the blade makes a right angle with the table. After maxing out the adjustment, the blade was a solid 1 degree off. On smaller work pieces, this is barely noticeable. Try to cut a circle on 1" thick wood or stack cut and you will quickly notice that the parts are all different. I took a step back and noticed that the machine's entire top arm was bent about 1/4" to the right which explained everything. A call to DeWalt support later and they said it will be a month before they can look at it. So, I simply bent the thing back - by hand. If I am able to bend this cast iron by hand, it isn't very strong. Now the knocking is gone and the machine cuts straight vertical cuts.Now that is worked out...for the performance.The machine is very quiet, about as loud as a sewing machine. It also vibrates very little.Blade insertion is very fast and easy. It takes only a few second to thread the blade though a hole and reconnect the blade.The top arm swings back to give you room to thread the blade and set things up. The bad thing is that it is not spring loaded. The material holder came down on my finger nail by accident because of this. (It slipped out of my hand while trying to thread a blade through a hole) I have to prop the arm up with a block of wood until I can rig up a spring system.The blade tension is very repeatable and easy to adjust.It is pretty strong, it didn't slow down once while cutting out 1 1/2" thick wood.I recommend waxing the table with finishing wax to make it slippery. Without the wax, materials snagged on the keyhole. I also recommend taping a bag under the bottom arm to catch saw dust. If you are electronically inclined, rig up a small LED near the bottom blade holder. It is hard to see the blade down there because it is dark. I also recommend getting a small lamp and taping another bag to the right side to catch sawdust on the top.For $500, I would recommend looking at the 16" excaliber. This saw isn't bad, but it being bent out of the box but a very bad taste in my mouth.
Already own one of these and its 15 years old so thought it was about time to get a new one. Strange that it feels different than the old one, yet they are the same. One just new. Feels like it was made overseas but still will take some time to become familiar with it. Hope for the best. Initial cutting good but still different. Just hope it last like the last one.
The Dewalt DW788 is my first scroll saw. Haven't even used someone else's before. So I would really like to thank everyone who took the time to write a review on it and the other scroll saws at amazon. It was the primary reason I chose the Dewalt.I make boxe's, all kinds, shapes and size's. I have pretty much quit using metal fastener's, hinges, knobs, catch's, etc. I really enjoy making my own out of wood. Have been using a multitude of power and hand tools to make my own, but thought a scroll saw would allow me to make even smaller, more intricate pieces.Assembly was very quick and easy. I added rubber feet to the base of the saw as it will sit on a workbench not on its own stand. Have a small shop, every thing has to be mobile. I also purchased a foot switch as everyone I talked with about scroll saws seems to feel it is a necessary safety feature. With a combination of the rubber feet and a rubber pad, the machine doesn't move at all, even on speed 8. Vibration is very minimal, and luckily the saw is at the perfect heighth when sitting on the bench. The dust blower works adequately, but I am going to rig a vacuum source up somehow. Changing blades is a bit of a challenge at first, but I think with time and practice it will become much easier. I also have rigged a swing arm lamp to use with the saw, old tired eyes ya know, need all the help I can get.I mostly use hardwoods, and thickness's up to 1" so blade selection and speed are going to be critical items. So far I probably have spent 10-15 hours just practicing, using differant woods, blades, speeds, feed rate, etc., and taking a few notes to help later on. I am very happy with the results so far. Have made two sets of decorative hinges out of mesquite and am very pleased with the small kerf I was able to achieve and how well they fit and function. They took a bit of time to produce, but I know that will change as I become more practiced and comfortable with the machine's ability and of course my own.I spent a lot of time researching scroll saw's before purchasing the Dewalt. It will not be used everyday, but hopefully will be used a lot for a long time. So I wanted a machine that would last a long time and I believe the Dewalt will do the job for me.Recommend it highly.
I had gone through 2 "cheapie" scroll saws over the past several years. I do a fair amount of fret work and intarsia. I finally have a machine that holds the blade tightly and is easy to thread into pilot holes.the blower works great. Having the arm tilt is an invaluable feature for me. I am not crazy about the hold down...the arms are too far apart for some of the small work I do. But other than that, a fantastic machine, and getting the stand free is a great incentive. A built in light and blade holder would nice added features.I just completed cutting and building a very intricate clock that was all fret work with this saw. It's outstanding to operate. Changing the blade and re-tensioning from one hole to the next is fast and easy to do. I like the extra long air hose on the saw; it does a nice job of keeping the work area clear of dust when cutting and it adjusts easily. This saw also runs very smoothly and quite. If you enjoy doing fret work or making small detail cuts this is the saw to have.
I have owned this saw for a couple months. I have played with it enough to get a feel for it but I have not worked with it enough to be an expert.Strengths:1) The cast iron table is nice (large and smooth)2) The saw doesn't vibrate hardly at all in fact I don't even have mine mounted yet. I have simply put it on a work bench and the saw stays put.3) The saw does make very nice cutsWeaknesses:1) It's heavy for moving (is also part of its strengths)2) It seems to be a little underpowered for larger stockOverall it is a nice machine with a fairly hefty price tag.
I have been an amature woodworker for some time now but I'm new to the scroll saw.  I bought this one because I thought it would have little vibration due to it's mass.  Was I ever right!!  Others have said that it has a small amount of vibration, but that doesn't do it justice; this saw doesn't vibrate. That alone has made it a wonderful tool for me.  I can concentrate on learning fretwork instead of wrestling with vibration.The one downfall is the &quot;hold down&quot;. While simple to use, I have a hard time getting the right presure on the workpiece.
I received this stand, along with the saw and the light, from another online Tool website for a great price.  The saw is great, the stand is great, and the light is junk.This stand is a bit tedious to assemble, but the included drawing helped a bit.  The instructions make it very clear they want you to bolt this thing down, but don't worry it.  I suppose someone tipped it over on a dog once, so they added this to the instructions to reduce liability.  It is a tripod, so keep the kids from playing monkey-bar with it and you'll be fine.The instructions also say to keep the stand bolts a bit loose until you set the saw on it.  I found this to be wise.  It lets the parts all settle in prior to tightening and made for a rock solid platform with no wiggle.This stand really is a nice comfortable design and, had I purchased it separately for the Amazon price - would have been more than pleased.
This is not a real heavy duty stand but please consider it is just holding a DeWalt scroll saw. Once it's all bolted together it is quite ridged and stable. It does what I need it to do.
It's a solid stand but it has minor problems. The instructions are not detailed at all, some of the parts had to be slightly twisted to fit, it does not include securing screws for the scroll saw but comes with extra short screws. The back height is adjustable but they don't tell you which hole to make it level. The stand is very solid once put together though
This stand is made of fairly sturdy steel and should last for many years.  Well packed and came later than the scrollsaw itself.  I would have given this item 5 stars but the directions sure could have been better and there are no protectors on the bottom of the legs to keep them from scratching the floor, just holes to bolt them to concrete.
Easy to put together, and once the all the bolts are tightened it is solid.  Great addition for my DW788
The Dust Hood was exactly what I expected, was packed well and delivered as promised--Thank you. bogie sends
The dust hood changes everything on the planer.  Were once was a pile of dust and fibers covering half the garage, now there is so few chips you could count them.  I hooked the planer up to a 1 1/2horse delta dust collector with a 4 inch line, but my shop vac worked ok as well.  Definately a good buy.... but the mounting is a little shacky with the way the screws go in to the point where you might screw things up if you do it too often.  Basically, you have to leave it on, which wouldn't be bad except that you can't close the outfeed extension with the dust hood on.  This means that there is not an easy way to transport or store the planer once the hood is mounted.  I had to build a stand on wheels after I added the hood which took up alot of space in my small shop.
I bought this dust hood to replace the original plastic hood that came with the planer. The screw holes had all enlarged to the point where the screws were not doing anything any more, even with washers.  I was pleasantly surprised to find this one is metal and is not going to develop the same problem.  Fits perfectly and feels nice and solid.
definitely a *major* improvement over not having one.I remember having a bit of a problem getting the screw holes in the hood to line up with those in the planer, but no hig hammers or powertools were required to overcome this minor hassle.The silliness is that you can't flip up the outfeed with the  hood mounted, and unmounting the hood each time isn't rational.  My planer is mounted under a workbench, and I just left plenty of clear and in the back.I'd say this ought to be bundled with the planer - which is a  great planer by the way - this tool produces *volumes* of chips!  some form of dust or chip collection is a requirement, packaging it separately is just a form of gouging.I've never noticed any chip compression pitting as described by another reviewer - either with or without the hood.  btw. I'm using a 5.5hp Sears shop vacuum with it.
I owned the C10FS for several months (it's a good tool) but then sold it to buy the DW708. Here's why: better capacity, more power, better fence (try to find a C10FS on a jobsite that still has those cheesy plastic things), better guard (ditto... most carpenters jam or remove the Hitachi guard), accurate, readable and repeatable mitre setting (try to set 1/4 degrees on the Hitachi), a bevel left feature that actually works (banging my knuckles on that stupid knob thing was the last straw on the C10FS), and bevel stops that adjust with a single wrench instead of using a hokey jam nut system. The dust seals on the slide rails are rubber and work better than the felt ones on the Hitachi. The camlock mitre adjust takes a little bit of getting used to but works very well. The only caveat on the DeWalt is the big blade, and that was the original reason I went with the 10" Hitachi. I had bought a DW705 (12" chop box) when they first came out and still use it to frame, BUT the 12" blade deflected way too much for finish work. The solution is to spend the $$ for the Forrest chopmaster blade (actually two of them so you can keep them sharp) as the DeWalt, Freud et al 12" blades are a waste of money. Another very worthwhile (although too much $$) accessory is the quick-release clamp, which switches sides and adjusts VERY quickly.
I have had this saw for over a year now, but I only used very briefly until about 3 months ago. I had a major remodeling project done in the house and I used saw heavily on cutting Brazilian cherry floor planks, walnut for the trim, and some moldings. I never used other miter saw or sliding compound miter saw before this one. So my review is solely based on using this saw. When I bought it, I wanted the best based on my own research on the subject. So here is my findings from the use of saw and hope it will give you what you looking for in a tool review.The GOOD:Works out of box, no assembly needed.Clean balanced move on the sliding rail (back and forth) and head (push down and let it up).Miter adjustment easily and lock down handle works well and tight.Easy to read miter degree marks.Cuts bevel nicely once set. Stock blade works well. Better, smoother result with better blade.Easy to change blade.Very good ergonomics on the handle and switch position.The BAD:Has to be careful with the fence extension when do bevel cutting.Need to take the extension fence off for certain cuts.Hard to read bevel scale.Tape the wrench in its hole or you will need replacement soon.Loud, very noisy loud.Don't use top handle since it's out of balance no matter where you secure the rail.The UGLY:The dustport gets nothing but dusty.No dustbag, well, like it works anyway. No support extension.No hold-down clamp.>Don't take me wrong. I like DeWalt tools even often the times I found they are over priced. I do own their planer, table saw, biscuit jointer, jigsaw. But like any other quality tool maker, there is always room for improvement. This is a high quality saw and I will keep it for a long time.
I'll just hit the major points:- Very solidly built.  Very stable.- The electric brake is so much more convenient than I expected.  You can switch out workpieces within about 2 seconds of a cut.  Now my table saw bugs me because it takes so freakin' long to spin down.- It should have come with at least some worthy accessories.  The vertical clamp (DW7082) would be a good choice, IMO.- The dust bag is completely worthless - without a vacuum-assisted dust collection system, sawdust rockets out the back of the machine.  Even with a vacuum-assist, you'll be sweeping up afterwards.  If this is really an issue, maybe sawing isn't for you. (*laugh*)- The depth-stop system is shady.  If you press a little harder than "last time", the saw will bow down a little more.  It's very inconsistent.  Don't depend on it for a "real" dado.  That said, it is very convenient if ultra-consistent depth isn't important for a given task.- The over-45 degree angle cuts are more a marketing gimmick than really useful - it takes more than trivial adjustments to bring this setup around.  And then you have to un-do everything to get the stops back to 45.- When I was researching this saw, I read several complaints about the sliding arm bearings "shifting" or being a shaky (which would result in inconsisent cuts, of course).  These people obviously do not read manuals.  Just adjust the bearings using the tool in the back of the arm.  It takes maybe 30 seconds to do a very thorough job of getting the sliding arm very tight (tolerance) and exact.- Yellow is a good color for tools.- It comes more-or-less set up.  It's always a little disheartening to open up your new tool to discover a bunch of metal bits and a few baggies of screws.  You can make some sawdust within a few minutes of opening the box.  It did take some adjustment to get it to where I was ready to *use* it, but nothing major.  A minor point, but still pleasing.- The handle being perpendicular to the blade and shifted towards center makes it not only more ergonomic, but also you can cut with either hand.- The fences are very nice - they are tall, very sturdy and stable, and adjust/remove with only one wing-bolt.- Of course the dual-bevel is great (though, honestly, gratuitous - still, I'm a fan)- The cam-action miter base is superb.- The adjusty-tool stores right in the back of the arm.  Very convenient.- The included saw blade is mediocre.  It's great for chopping 2x4s or something, but it's not appropriate for "pretty" lumber.So - I really like this saw.  If there was a 4.5 star option, I'd go with it.  If it was less or came with accessories (other than that dust bag), I'd give it 5.
The Dewalt has taken center stage in my basement shop, right across from my table saw. The Dewalt has the most cutting capacity on the market and the double bevel is extremely handy. Sure beats flipping long mouldings around. Bevel cuts are repeatable on both sides of the saw using the positive stops. For bevels greater than 45 degrees, I recommend the old fashion way; A table saw with a miter gage or a block plane, as this feature on the Dewalt ...No complaints on accuracy.Pros:I Love the cutting capacity of the slider and the tall fence is great, just remember to slide it out of the way on miter cuts. I also like the 15 amp motor, plenty of power. Slides smoothly.Cons:The blade it comes with is a throw away, but I saved it for grunt work. My base is not machined level and I have to wedge shims in the back to prevent the saw from rocking (It is bolted down). The accessories could have come with the saw at this price. It throws sawdust everywhere.
I rushed to buy this dewalt saw when I saw that just above $250. Didnt read reviews or anything. Too bad it was a mistake. Was not surprised when Amazon notified me. Love Amazon tool section
This is a fine saw.  It has been an acurate work horse since i bought it six months ago.  The standard blade was ok but required upgrading for fine trim and furniture work.This this is BIG.  It's not especially heavy, just big. It takes up much more room that a standard miter saw. The sliding mechanism is the primary culprit. The old saw stand in my shop, is now a laundry cabinet in the basement.  I had to build an all new, BIGGER, cabinet.It takes up about as much space as a Radial Arm Saw.  It costs  more than than a RAS.I not unhappy with the performance at all.  It does require the new cabinet for cutting large stock.  The stability on heavy wide stock as demands the unit be anchored well too.Make sure you need a sliding miter.  You may be better off with a RAS and a standard miter saw.
This is my fourth compound miter saw and my third sliding compound miter saw. This saw allows piece of mind. You basically know that this saw will cut whatever stock you have, within reason. This is a very good tool, it is thoughtfully designed and has some real advantages and falls slightly short in only a couple of areas. The BOSCH 3915 ( 10&quot; SCM ) is a fine tool, but only bevels one way, its toggle clamps are quick and easy to engage ( more so than the DeWalt vertical clamps, which are still effective ).I prefer the cast in angle markers on the BOSCH over the DeWalts painted on gauge or Hitachi's C10fs which are too hard to read because they are painted the same seafoam green as the base and they are too small. The detents on the BOSCH are superb, the DeWalt's are also very good, and the Hitachi's are not as plentiful or crisp. The cam action lock down on the DeWalt is great, but the BOSCH's screw type works very well because of its large knob, much easier than the smaller Hitachi's. Regarding the cam lock on the DeWalt, I was really impressed how well it locks down even a degree or less next to a major detent. The adjustable fences on the Dewalt are superior to the Bosch's which only one side moves, and the Hitachi's are too short to be very useful. For the most part the BOSCH has a very nice base, but the direct drive motor and mount is fairly old technology. The Hitachi is a nice and fairly compact saw with a great motor, very smooth start up, but the base needs updating. The DeWalt is a great compromise. It does not fall way short in any category that I can see based on owning the other two saws mentioned. The accessories not being included is a little disappointing, I believe that for the price of this saw DeWalt could atleast include the dust bag. Generally speaking though, I believe this saw is woth every nickel when you consider the other saws are very good, but have distinct shortcomings, the DeWalt really does not in my opinion. I have mounted this saw on a mobile custom cart with locking wheels and storage beneath, I mounted the the Rousseau extensions and stop system on my cart and it is extremely solid and useful. So far, although not perfect - this saw is the best of the current choices. Hope this review helped you.
I have owned the DeWalt vertical clamp for about a year now, and it works well on my DW703 compound miter saw.  It is a bit large and clunky, and your finger can get slightly pinched by the release button, but the clamp is solidly built and holds tight every time.  If there is a fault, it's with the miter saw itself.  The holes for the clamp post in the saw's base could be placed better, and the saw wasn't designed with other clamping methods in mind.  In many instances, the DeWalt clamp is the only possible way to hold the work piece in place.
As several other reviews have said - definitely a good idea - Of the various accessories for the DW708, the one I think should have been included with the saw (or at least priced more reasonably). If it was...I'd give it 5 stars.  Sturdy construction, particularly considering it's an offshore-built product. It is a bit wobbly until you clamp it down on the workpiece, but that's forgiven due to the ease of removal (for switching sides, removing for steep beveling, etc).
The clamp worked just like a clamp should.  It is very easy to set up and move to and from either side of the saw.  The only fault is that it would be nice if it were just a little bit taller so that it would be easier to swing out of the way over the fence without having to move the fence.
After obtaining the DW712 8.5" SCMS from Amazon, found this DW7082 material clamp (now part #153650-00) listed on servicenet.DeWalt.com. Purchased and found it to be very solid and strong in holding power. With the quick release button, setting the height is very fast. This is the best clamp I've used (have owned 4-different brand sliders), but also one of the more expensive hold downs (reason for only 4 stars)!
I have used it a little but find it slows me down, so I only use it when I really need the clamp.
As stated by most, the clamp works very well. It's also on the high side price wise. Dewalt should give a discount for buying 2. 5 stars for functionality, 4 for the price.Update. I used it so much I purchased another and use both on longer pieces.
If your reading this you discovered that your Dewalt came without a clamp. This is the mother of all clamps. Heavy duty is the word I would use. Fits perfectly in the oversize hole in your Mitre saw. Reaches over the oversize fence on your mitre saw as well. I tried to find any other manufacturer clamp to use as a substitute but no this is it for Dewalt. You 'have to' buy this one if you want a clamp. You either return the saw or give up and pay the ridiculous price. Is it a $80 part. No. Its more like a $40 part. Do you have a choice no. Do you need 2? I don't think so. Its massive. Has a quick release on the screw down. Good size knob you can work wearing gloves. Does all this make up for the price. No.
I read in several builders forums I frequent that these stops were a joke..........until I used em'! I don't know what those people were talking about.Maybe they just never gave them a chance. I know I had the pair I bought with the saw the year the saw came out sitting in a drawer until just recently when I had a gazillion feet of crown to do. Slapped those babies on and was happy as a pig in.....I too wish they had a quick release. Thats kind of annoying when I need my saw for something else.I like the tip someone here gave about drilling new holes for bigger crown. If that situation arises for me I think I'll give it a try.
I am not a pro, just a dedicated homeowner with a lot of experience.For limited crown molding cutting, you could definitely do without these stops, but you would have to spend more time. They are really simple stops that just bolt in place on the table of the DeWalt saw. If you put a secondary wood platform on the table, you may have issues. I just have the saw and they mounted fine.SO, since I have had these I have done several major projects with lots of CM and have not been disappointed. They attach easily, are super sturdy and simple. If you have an appropriate DeWalt saw, just get them if you are doing CM.
Stops work fine for cutting crown molding so you don't have to cope inside corners. The stops fit fine but are over-priced.
The Crown Stops work great and are easy to adjust and store.  They make cutting crown fast and accurate.
Pro - Works as expected.Cons - Have to completely unthread to remove it doing a different cut (not crown), should be quick connect. Should come with the saw and have a clip on space to keep them between uses.
I have these on my DW708 and the really help. HOWEVER they arent long enough for really large crown and I would like them to incorperate a quick release device . This would prevent time consuming removal when switching to different materials .Beyond this they are very nice .
These stops made my job a lot easier when cutting crown molding. Saved a lot time and money. This is a must have when cutting crown molding.
I am a Framing contractor and have owned four of these saws. They are light-wieght,comfortable and come with a great rafter hook. The only drawback is that I don't feel they are quite as durable as my skill saws. That said, I will still keep purchasing the DeWalt, simply because I like the feel. I give it four stars, maybe four and a half.
Well, I have yet to buy a DeWalt tool that I haven't been happy with, and this saw is no exception.  This saw makes consistent cuts and has a ton of great features.  I would make two suggestions when buying it that some people may overlook:First, I would buy a quality blade for use with your intended projects rather than the one included (it cuts, but as with most blades included with saws, probably isn't going to satisfy your needs)Second, I would strongly suggest picking up the optional rip fence (DW3278).  You can usually find it up for around $10.00, and it makes long straight cuts infinitely easier.  Definitely a good investment!Nevertheless, I am extremely happy with this saw.  THe only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the included accessories (and lack of an included rip fence).
I am very pleased with this saw. My brother owns one and I decided to stop borrowing his and purchase my own. I love it. I only wish I would have purchased it sooner.
I am normally a Craftsman tool man but lost my last Craftsman Circular Saw to a shop fire.  This is my first DeWalt Circular Saw and I am impressed.  It has everything my Craftsman had except a lazer guide.  It is considerably lighter than my Craftsman.  It also has an extra long cord which helps me.  I recommend this DeWalt Circular Saw to anyone needing a good dependable saw and will probably be buying more DeWalt products in the near future.  JJF
The downside is that it is quite heavy, though that can be a advantage to keeping the saw stable when starting a cut.  The aluminum base seems very rigid and gives confidence on keeping the cut on course.  Nice hard case with space for a few additional blades though you have to be careful stowing the cord to keep it away from the blade.  Hard case is much better than the bags supplied with my other DeWalt purchases.  Warning - no fence is included - you have to buy the over-priced $20 DW3278 fence separately.
I have had this Jig Saw for Almost 3 years now.  I don't use it daily, but it does get more than its fair share of abuse.  To this day, any problems with it have been due to my inexperience.One thing to keep in mind with any saw is having the right blade for the job.  Ask your local home improvement expert which type of blade is right for your project.  When I first used the saw, I was using an all purpose blade to do everything.  After experimenting with a few different types on differend stock, I learned just how much difference they make.For me, this saw has worked great on everything from from countertops to crafts and beyond.  It is more than powerful enough for a casual woodworker like myself.
I've had my 321 for a few years now and yes there are some problems with it. To me they are not that bad though. The first problem is that some blades don't seat tightly. I've had some that will come loose once or twice, but i just tighten them up a little bit more and that solves the problem. And it does not take 20 - 30 minutes to change the blade some reviews have said, more like 20 - 30 seconds. The second problem is the dust blower on the saw. Don't get me wrong; it blows air pretty good, just not where you want it. Most of the jigsaws I have used have the same problem. Other than those problems, I think it's a pretty good jigsaw. It's powerful and cut's nicely. It will use almost any blade and cut's straight and clean
This is the third finishing sander I've owned (I got it free when I bought my compound miter saw) and of the three its the best in terms of sanding quality and noise.  However, I'd go with a random orbit sander to get better quality.My biggest complaint is that the dust attachment (DW4111) comes separately (and is not carried by very many suppliers, including Amazon).  The dust bag that comes with their random orbit sander pulls apart and fits a standard 2 1/2 inch dust hose.  Why couldn't they do that with this one?
Great little brute, Ive tried to stall it out but it just wouldn't stop. It handles 36Grit with no problem.The only drawback is the dust it creates is more than that little bag is going to hold. Get the the sweeper attachment part #DW4111 worth the money if your going to use this in the house or shop. that is why I give it a 4 star. Amazon.com should sell the attachment !!!! hint.
This little tool sands well and gets into tight spots, but it runs into trouble if your holding it horizontally (sanding baseboard, etc.).  The dust bag immediately lets go and falls to the floor.  It's more of an irritant that a major problem as the dust collection isn't that great anyway.  For the money, it's a pretty good sander and unlike the Makita model, it does hold up.
Overall a great sander. I have dropped,stepped on and kicked this tool(not on purpose but I have very small shop)and it keeps on going. The case has stayed in great shape and I use the sticky backed sandpaper and the pad has not come apart. I would give it 5 stars but the on/off button is hard to work. It is sealed in a rubber cover and when you turn it off sometimes it comes back on because the cover causes you to think you fully depressed the switch when in fact you only pushed part of the way.
Great power, adjustments, and accuracy. This tool should last me a long time and help with alignment of my projects.
This is really a mixed bag, on one side you have the good price unless you buy at retail, than it`s way overpriced.I used the prior model for years at my job, no real problems but also nothing to brag about.One thing I never liked was the size of the case, but it was a nice and sturdy metal one.When I saw that they changed it to a new plastic model I was hoping for more space, but the new case seems even smaller.I do not know what is going on with the engineers at Dewalt but this is not good.It is not easy to get all the tool and all the parts in there and the cable is bent pretty goodwhere it comes out of the tool, not good since that is always a week point.The handle which houses the trigger was loose, not a big deal since tighten 2 screws solved the problem,but not sure if that should be the case with a brand like Dewalt.I checked the the line up of the blade and it checked out okay but the fixed shoe does not line up with the housing,so in the end blade and the fixed shoe do not line up.It`s not a lot but I will see if that causes trouble.One improvement are the new adjustable anti slippage pins.UPDATE: I looked at the tool more closely and the misalignment was due to the fixed shoewas not aligned properly at the factory, but with loosing two screws and realigning it seems fine.I was debating with myself if I should return it or not but for now I am going to keep it and see how it works out.Update II: After aligning the shoe I did quite some work with itand it worked without problems besides the poor dust control.
I have owned my Dewalt biscuit joiner for many years and it has always performed great.  The initial setup is very easy and I can make dozens of biscuit holes in no time at all.The only complaint I have, and its a small one, is the dust bag.  It does fill up kind of quickly and will sometimes spill out, especially when its filled with fine dust from MDF panels.  Wood seems to have lots of curly-q pieces that stay in the bag.  I found that if I empty the dust bag after every ten holes it works great.  Emptying the bag is very fast, so its not much of an inconvenience.Its a great tool that has held up well under repeated use.
I've only owned this for maybe a couple months now, but have used it plenty.  I went to the hardware store and got my hands on this jointer, the Freud and the PC.  I chose this b/c1. It was on sale,2. the PC (to me), was too big bulky (although the PC's has a much better fence than the DW)3. I like the fence better on this than the Freud.The BJ was perfect right out of the box.  Everything was aligned perfectly.  A lot of people complained about the handle being attached to the motor, where as the PC, it's not.  I would prefer the PC method as well, but I'm noticing that when I use it, I put one hand on the fence, holding it to the material firmly, and the other pushing the BJ into the wood.  So I don't even use the handle.My only gripe, like most, is that the dust chute clogs up all the freakin' time.  When it's clogged, it'll blow dust right up your face.  What they need is a larger chute opening.The noise is not an issue to me (ear protection), but I agree, it's loud.
Usual Dewalt quality standards.Works great and if not abused, should last a life time.Good value too, for it is and what it can do.
This is my first biscuit jointer. I was leaning towards the PC 557 when I started looking, but after I visited local store and handled both, I picked this one. Not only saved [money], but this one is more comfortable to handle to  me and the trigger switch is awesome to use. And for the things I make, I  won't need the smaller knife anyway. The only problem with this machine is  the dust control. The dust bag does not work at all. It will make a mess  after a few cuts and get the chips all over my face. So I picked up Porter  Cable 39332 Vacuum Hose for 1&quot; O.D. Dust Ports and couple of adapters  hooked up to my Jet dust collector since DeWalt does not make any of those.  Now I am a very happy camper.
The price was good (for a DeWalt product) and the shipping was relatively fast.  I mean, you have to pay for quality and DeWalt makes some high quality tools for sure that not only last a very long time, but hold their value in terms of trading or selling in the future.  The joiner works well and is pretty close to being 100% accurate.  It's a good tool and I'm glad I have in my shop!
I've used this joiner for aligning panels and attaching face frames.  The adjustments for angle, depth, and biscuit size are all very easy to use, and accurate.  The machine has plenty of power and cuts through hard maple with ease.  I would've given it a 5, however the small dust collection bag they provide with it seems to be useless (the chute keeps clogging).  I just use it without the bag and clean up afterwards.
This tool does a great job doing what it is designed to do.  It makes nice, clean, consistent biscuit joints.The one thing to keep in mind with this tool, even if you have used another biscuit jointer in the past, is that you will never be able to use it consistently and correctly without reading the manual.  I'm as guilty as anyone when it comes to using a tool directly out of the box, but It makes a huge difference when you really know how to use and adjust a piece of equipment like this.  Take the extra 15 minutes, read the manual, and you will enjoy this great piece of machinery for years to come.  Several of the complaints you will see listed in various reviews are due to simply not knowing how to correctly operate the unit.  My father has the more expensive Porter Cable model, and finds this one superior to it.  Look around on amazon and you may be able to save even more money by purchasing the less expensive reconditioned model that carries the same warranty!
I have had machine for two years, it was one of the first woodworking tools that I purchased. Biscuit joinery is easy and fast and creates strong joints.  Biscuits are, in fact too easy, I am just now trying to move up to dovetailing and box joints.I use two indispensible jigs that I found in woodworking magazines.  ONE puts the joiner on a flat surface with four clamps in a 90 deg work area around the joiner.  TWO is a support jig (shape of the base of my machine, with wood inserts that raise the machine making the cut heighth adjustable) that allows me to cut miter key slots in boxes and frames with the joiner.  This is really KEWL with contrasting wood such as ebony or purple heart.  Both are built of 3/4 plywood bases, stored on a shelf until clamped to my bench.  I apologize for not being able to provide magazine name(s) or date of issue.My machine has functioned flawlessly except for two broken dust port adapters.  Replacement parts were ordered over the internet from service center in Spokane and received within five days.PROS-1. Mechanical heighth adjustment;2. HD construction;3. 8' elec. cord;4. Fence is accurate, easy to read;5. Sturdy carrying/storage box;6. REALLY LIKE the trigger positionCONS -1. Dust collection;2. Dust collection;3. Dust collection;  Tool has a rectangular dust port that requires a plastic adapter (broke two so far) which has a 1 1/2" OD male end that inserts into the dust collector bag.  USE A VACUUM or dust collector! I had to order 2 1/2" - 1 1/2" adapter thru woodworking site as Lowe's and Home Depot did not carry them.4. Cuts slots for 0, 10, 20, and M size biscuits.  Most are too big for the projects that I usually do.I bought a cheap detail biscuit joiner (red and black brand-five letters starts with a 'S')that does R1 - R3 biscuits to supplement the Dewalt.  It is NOT the quality or as user friendly as the Dewalt.THINGS I WOULD CHANGE:1. 135 deg. fence for making slots in 45 deg miter joints2. Longer fence to help overcome inertia of machine trying to move sideways with torque of blade.3. Ability to use smaller blades for FF AND R3 biscuits.WOULD PURCHASE AGAIN:  No, I would try the Porter Cable because of the 135 deg. fence and FF biscuit blade.  Would probably regret losing the toughness of the Dewalt.  If I only did cabinets and bookcases (big stuff) I wouldn't have anything except the Dewalt.  Yes, I know there is a 'L' brand out there but ..... I would have to win the 'L'ottery first.
I just got this and have used it to make about 60 test cuts in oak of varying thickness for 0, 10 and 20 biscuits. I didn't encounter any alignment issues as others have mentioned so either I got a good one or DeWalt has improved their quality control. It has enough power to do the job and with the angle adjustments is flexible enough for almost any application I can come up with. The case has enough room to store the joiner, tools, vacuum attachments and a handful of spare blades.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5...The vacuum bag clogs very easily (don't they all) and once clogged, needs a screwdriver or other poking tool to get the chips out of the exhaust chute. Also, the base is too thick to cut 1/2" without the work being raised up slightly. The depth adjustment has settings for 0, 10, 20 and manual. It would be nice if it also had a setting for FF but since I've never had a need for FF, it's not a deal breaker.Bottom line, for the money it's hard to beat and if I was going to buy another, I'd have no problems buying the DeWalt.
This is a very solid and well built plate joiner.  Not really a must have for the wood shop but it comes in handy.  It does what it is suppose to do with ease.  Good tool to add to the collection.
When I got the tool, the fence was not alligned with the blade.  The slots on material would not line up parallel, and did not fit well.  The fence is attached with two screws, and is movable.  Other machines (I also have a Makita) use a design with two machined, parallel surfaces, and this is not a problem.  With the Dewalt, it is.  After aligning the fence, the machine works, but out of the factory, it was not even close.
I did a lot of research and many people complained about &#34;the tolerances&#34; or the machines being &#34;off&#34; by a micro millimeter.  Here is my experience: I'm a dowel guy, but i recently purchased this tool to speed things up that don't need the strength of a dowel.  I'm quite happy with it.  There are some big advantages in assembly of cabinetry to have a plate jointer!  When you place a biscuit, you have a little play to work with so even if the machine were 'off' by a millimiter, it's really no issue at all.
This was one of my most-used tools until I started using pocket hole joinery.  At that point, biscuits took on more of a specialty role for me.  My DeWalt 682 has seen a lot of use, though, and is still as tight as new.  It comes with an excellent blade that stays sharp for a VERY long time, and the tool has plenty of power - it feels effortless.I have only one complaint about this tool, and that's its dust & chip collection.  The outlet is a bit small and plugs when using the bag.  So badly, in fact, that I've taken to clearing it out after every few holes.  I use the tool with a vac whenever possible, and the port stays clear.
Wanted to join two pieces of butcher block together to make a table top.  Biscuit joiner made the job seem easy.  The tool is a breeze to set up and use.
I bought this DeWalt to replace a Freud jointer that died after only a dozen or so cuts.  The positive reviews on this site played a large role in my decision (it's the only DeWalt tool I own).  I also considered the Porter Cable (which looks bulky) and the less-expensive Ryobi (which of course you can't get here on Amazon).I've had this jointer for over a year now and have put it to moderate use with home woodworking projects.  It seems to be of good quality.  The tool is lightweight and I agree with other reviews that the trigger placement is very user-friendly.  However, I have one annoyance with this tool that I just can't seem to get over.  I use this primarily in oak and pine, and the dust chute clogs with chips after just 2 or 3 cuts.  The chute seems too small for the amount and/or size of the chips that are extracted.  I am constantly removing the dust bag to clear the chips from the tool. Perhaps this problem could be avoided with a dust collection attachment, but bulky collection hoses can be restricting, and the bag otherwise does a great job catching dust (until it clogs).I suspect this DeWalt will last a very long time.  But if I were to buy another biscuit jointer, I would be very tempted to try the Ryobi at half the price.  It too has very good reviews, and the specs are comparable.
I won't bore you with repeating the specs or features of the biscuit joiner as the other reviews cover them quite well. I've had this tool for about 6 months now and am delighted with it. I had the porter cable model which is quite a bit more expensive. I found it to be bulkier to use than the DeWalt and a lot more likely to slip away from your alignment marks than the DeWalt. This cutter has pins on both sides of the blade that go a long way to help keeping the cutter in line with the wood.. The only drawback is that the dust chute will clog with the dust bag installed when cutting into long grained softwoods.Having owned both the porter cable and the Dewalt I must give a big nod to the DeWALT. Smaller and easier to use and a few $$ less.
The Router Edge Guide does a superb jog with keeping the edge tight while keeping the area clear of shavings.  The fine adjustment allows for minor adjustments without question.
I purchased this guide for Dewalt's new trim routerDEWALT  DWP611PK 1.25 HP Max Torque Variable Speed Compact Router Combo Kit with LED'sand it works as advertised. The guide only works with the plunge base but that isn't a problem for me because the plunge base is more stable in my opinion. You should attach a wooden fence to the guide too to get more accurate results and so you don't mar the piece you are routing. My only complaint is that I now need to find and purchase a hose and/or adapter that fits this guide and my shop vac.
I have owned ny DeWalt for about eight months. Sometimes the on/off switch gets caught but really no trouble. I have probably put close to 500 hours of heavy duty work with this. C &amp; D side plywood, raw wood as well as refinishing. I just had to replace the pad today as it losts its grip on the sandpaper. But again a very minor problem. My sole major problem is how hot the handle gets after about two hours of consistent sanding. However, the finish is beautiful and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
I figured that if this thing survived the job I purchased it for, it would be doing good.  It has that and quite a few more that were just rough.  So far (knock on wood) I haven't experienced the switch problem or dust attachment problem that other reviewers have had.  We almost always use it attached to a vacuum.  And that's one of the reasons why it probably gets more use than some of our other sanders.  The vacuum attachment works better with it than on our other sanders.  So far, despite a lightweight appearance that would make you suspicious of its durability, it's still sanding through some rough territory for us.
Other reviewers are correct, this is a terrific little sander with one problem, the switch is tricky to operate.  The switch is too small and the rubber dust cover over it makes the action of the switch awkward at best.  Getting it to turn on or off can be a two or three attempt task, this should be a no-brainer for DeWalt to fix in future production.  Other than that the quality of the finish it produces is excellent, noise level acceptable and the dust collection is a major improvement over the old 1/4 sheet sanders.  I typically use this sander immediately after my 1/2 sheet Porter Cable (with no dust collection) and the DeWalt sucks up all the dust left behind by the PC.  Highly recommended.
This little sander is a wonderful tool. You can get glass smooth finishes relatively quckly with the right discs. I won't go back to plain orbital sanders. they're too slow and leave too many swirl marks on your work.  Incidently , I find myself reaching for my Porter Cable R.O. sander more  often , because it has less vibration, and causes less numbness in my  hands. They are very comparable in features and price.
I have had this sander for the last year. It has been a true godsend as it is used almost every day for two to three hours. The dust collection piece is great until you get up to the 220 grit which seems to somehow escape the collector. My only gripe is the palm area will heat up after about an hour or so enough to make it somewhat uncomfortable. However, it does the job right everytime.
I've had the sander for about a year now and it is pretty good overall.  The compact size lets it go into tight workspaces.  It is light weight and can easily be operated with one hand.  This weekend I spent about 7 hours sanding and even after several hours of continuous use it worked well.  I have a couple of small complaints.  First the dust bag does tend to pop off frequently, which can be a messy nuisance.  In addition, the dust collection is poor.  Most of thet sawdust ends up in the air.  Next you can really feel the vibration in your hands.  After about 2 hours my hands feel like they are falling asleep.  Also the unit gets very hot after prolonged use.  It won't get hot enough to burn you, but it does make it more uncomfortable to hold.  On the plus side, it has a good quality compact case that holds plenty of sandpaper.
This sander really does work fine, it does the job it is designed to do. I do have a couple of complaints though. Firstly the dust bag is basically useless. Mine has broken twice and when it is in place it is largely ineffective. ( Actually though, I fail to see how a ssnder's dust bag can work without a vacuum, but anyway)  and the other gripe is the power switch. Mine is in a dust protective booted cover, that I usually fail to properly toggle, so when I start to sand, it will turn off - or the worse case it turns back on when I am setting it down.  I can say however, that this unit has held up through the years that I have owned it, dropped it, loaned it . . . So I have no question as to its durability.  I cannot base it on any comparisons with other RO sanders, but I can say I have got my moneys worth over and over.
I dont know what to say about this tool that hasent been said already. It is of very good quality and powerful as well. If you look around at other drills I doubt you will find anything that even comes close to this tool.The chuck is top notch,In my opinion one of the finest made.The level mounted in the drill body is a great idea,it really works well.On the down side I wish the body had a rubber grip like the cordless model and putting it away in the kit box puts a weird tweek in the cord and can be tough to do in a hurry. other than that this item should be in you tool box or shop as of yesterday. A real winner. now get out there and drill something..
I am posting because the product desription is not correct. Otherwise, it does appear as advertised. I cannot comment on the drill's performance because I have not used it yet...so my star rating  doesn't count for much at this point...I will update this review when I start my first project.One of the reason's I bought it was the "Made in USA" description in the "more technical details" link...but when I got it, it said "Manufactured in Mexico." This may not matter to others, but it is better to be accurately informed before you buy...also, a case would be a nice addition for such a nice-looking and powerful tool! Good luck to all!
This is a great tool for the price . One of my guys bought one. It drills pretty well in any material. Except masonry. It's not so fast that you burn your bits in steel. The torque is quite impressive . More than my Milwaukee  Magnum. You could easily hurt yourself with this bad boy. But that means  you can use some pretty large bits and hole saws with it. Some times when  all your batteries are dead (if you forget to charge them) you need a  corded drill just to remember how nice the cordless one are.
I did a lot of looking around at medium right angle drills. The drawbacks on the Dewalt is no variable speed, and no reversing. So it may be prone to stripping screws, and now way to reverse them out when they do. Ouch. For straight drill of holes it is great.If you have air around, and don't need to make large holes in 2x12s, the air driver Porter Cable is sweet. Has air pressure, to create torque and variable speed adjustments, and has reversing capabilities, and is the best price on the block.My pick is the Makita 110 volt model. It has the largest amperage motor in the medium duty range, has variable speed, reversing, and an adjustable speed limiting dial, an LED light to illuminate your work, and is guaranteed to last the lifetime of the tool.Next is the Bosch with a slightly weaker motor at 3.8 amps, and doesn't have the speed range of the Makita, even though it is at the same price. Nice overall tool though.Then comes the Milwaukee 55 degree angle drill. Fine for additional leverage while drilling, but could be a problem for deeper access areas when making 90-degree applications. Especially important in crammed quarters, when you would have to swing the body out the additional 35 degrees to get a 90-degree angle.Black and Decker makes a lightweight unit, and will suffice for the occasional weekend warrior.The Dewalt unit, fills a niche, but is a very good example of getting what you pay for. If it were not for the no reversing, and no variable speed capabilities, and for making the paddle switch so long, that gets in the way, even when you don't want it to, makes the unit, strictly for those who are price conscious first, and tool conscious later.Wake up and smell the Makita. :-)
I don't know why I waited so long -- I purchased this to do my basement -- makes doing any sheetrock job -- especially ceilings -- exceedingly easier than doing it the old way with a cordlesss drill and dimpler bit.It takes a little practice to get used to how fast you can work with this, but even taking your time loading screws, it sets them at a perfect depth everytime which saves a HUGE amount of time in the long run when mudding.I'm holding back 1 star to see how well the tool holds up over time, but 25% of the way into my basement project, I'm extremely pleased with its performance.
I'm not a big fan of Dewalt, but even the worst companies do at least some things right.  Dewalt did this one right.It's built well, works well, and it's priced right.  What more do you need?Setting the depth is foolproof, and the depth stays consistent.I use it more often for cement backerboard with durock screws than I do drywall.  But for either job, I'm totally  happy with its performance.If you're a homeowner/occassional user, the price puts this in the realm of serious consideration.  If you've got three or four sheets of drywall to put up, you don't need it.If you think you'll do more than one project in your lifetime though, spend the 90 bucks.  It's SO MUCH faster than the cordless drill approach.  And you won't over/under drive your screws (assuming you set the depth correctly to begin with, of course).One word of warning to the casual user - Remember that this is a professional level tool. The instructions assume you're a pro.  You won't just pick this thing up and start using it like a pro.Expect to have to practice a little with it first, until you get the technique down.  You typically run this thing all out at top speed without letting up on the trigger between screws.  Most people have trouble until they figure that out.It's not a regular drill where you have to slowly bring the screw up to speed. With drywall guns, the bit doesn't turn till you push the screw to the wall, when it catches it drives the screw at top speed, then stops turning once it hits the right depth.  It all happens in the blink of an eye.You can't be overly careful with the thing, you have to put a screw on and jam it in with one quick decisive motion.  Being timid with it only gets crooked screws driven half way.I'd recommend using the shortest screws you can get by with until you get profficient with it.So there's a bit of an art to it (and this applies to all drywall guns, not just this one).  But nothing you shouldn't be able to pick up very quickly.There are other good ones out there, but nothing I'd recommend over this one.And if you're thinking cordless - don't do it.  Cordless tools have their place, but this isn't one of them.  As mentioned above, you want to keep this thing pegged as you're popping screws in.  Having a power cord attached to you is a very small price to pay for never having to worry about a constantly diminishing battery charge.(oh and only 4 stars because the instructions really are kind of useless, and I think they should include a case with some extra bits - they have to box the thing anyways, how much more would a blow molded case cost them instead?  50 cents?...  The tool itself gets 5 stars)
I've had this installed on my contractor's saw for over a year now. It works great. Kickback almost eliminated. Recently the spring on one of the anti-kickback pawls broke. I fixed it, then it broke again. The thing still works though. The pawls are adjusted to hold the wood very very tight. Sometimes too tight. All in all, it's a great product, and should be priced at around $50 to $75 dollars.
Delta's information is best described by a four letter word starting with an S.  So the next guy knows:  I successfully installed this on a 10" Left-Tilt Contractor's Saw, model number 36-979.  I was only able to use one screw, however it is attached and solid.  I had minimal difficulties installing and aligning.  At some point I may machine some form of block to act as future lockdown.  My 36-979 came with three holes around the bracket, and I had to play a bit to find the one that fit best.  Once on, it works fine.
This outfeed table is well worth the price paid. Assembly took me about half a day, but I wasn't in any rush. It color-matches the light grey of the Unisaw nicely. I really like the 12" fixed portion of the table- it helps on follow-through for smaller work pieces which don't necessarily require use of the full outfeed table. I'd like to reiterate what one of the reviewers said earlier that, unfortunately, when the table is not in use and hanging down adjacent to the saw, the single support leg of the table completely blocks the saw's exhaust port. I would rather see a support leg on each corner of the table, which would allow access for a 4" hose to attach to the exhaust port AND would provide a bit more stability for the extended outfeed table. A hose can still be attached, but the lowered table will not be able to drop to a completely vertical position. I would still recommend this table.
I've had mine attached to a jet cabinet saw for about a year now. I experienced poor packaging too. Though not severe enough to send it back, one of the corners came buggered up. Mine is particle board....or a very low quality MDF. The sides are skinned with a melamine rather than a laminate.Ok, that's the bad. This table works, and works well. I wrestled with building my own but in hind site it would be tough to make one as sturdy, light, and with folding capabilities. My shop is in my garage and it's sometimes shared with the car, so having a folding table is nice. The design is very flexible so it should attach to almost any cabinet saw (requires some drilling in your cabinet). It uses lots of angle iron and fastners but the instructions are enough to get you through it. Once installed it makes sheet cutting a breeze. I can't believe I used roller supports for so long. It's expensive for what it is....basically painted angle iron, fastners, and a cheezy table board. But it works great. I would buy it again.
Mine arrived yesterday without incident.  No damage to the table at all but I can see how others have had problems.  Packing was not the best.The unit is very easy to install - it takes a couple of hours.  I own a late model Unisaw and all the holes are pre-drilled in the cabinet for this table which made the installation very smooth.Regarding other comments about cutting the table - Either I missed it in the instructions or they took it out, but I didn't see anything that said to cut the table if you're installing it on a newer model.My only complaint is with the 5/8" carriage bolts they ship with the unit. In a couple cases, they are barely long enough to get any thread on the nut and fit the pieces together.  It's a very minor thing though and in the end it went together easily.Fit and finish are good.  I can never understand why Delta uses cheap particle board when there are much better materials available. With care though, it appears that it will last as long as the rest of the tool.
The hardware for this Outfeed table, fit perfectly on my 31-L31X Delta Unisaw, and went together well.  All hardware, for the table,  came packaged in a box, inside the main packaging box, and was delivered intact.  The two laminated table sections were not delivered intact.  Amazon delivered this item on time, but Delta blew it in the packaging,.......big time.  I returned the first order because the table sections were loose and the corners on both table sections had been broken.  The fixed section of the table was very warped.  The next shipment wasn't much better.  Three corners broken on the laminated table sections and the fixed section was warped, but not warped as bad as the first one.  I was about to return this item also, but I talked with Amazon and told them what was happening about the defective packaging that Delta was using.  I told them that all I really needed was the hardware and I could make my own table out of plywood, using the broken sections as a pattern.  They gave me a discount to keep the second shipment, and I was extremely pleased.  The hardware seems to be very well designed and with minimal effort, one can fabricate their own table sections.  I did notice on the fixed table section that the miter slots were way out of being perpendicular to the leading or trailing edge. It looked like the slots were cut when the section was not squared up in the cutting machine. This table is definitely an asset when cutting sheet goods or long boards.
Overall this is a nice product, but make sure you read the directions from front to back before assembling. You don't have to cut anything on the newer Unisaws. Fortunately, I heeded that warning from other reviewers. I have a slight ding in the corner of the out feed table. Don't think this was from shipping since there was no damage to the carton, and it was packed well. Probably mishandling at the factory. After seeing this and the maximum 1/64" thickness of the lamination, I plan on banding the sides with hardwood. It won't be long before I add my own dents. I agree with other reviewers. The instructions are horrible.  The mistakes in the instructions have been there for a long time. Correct them Delta!  It does work and save me space when folded down. The brackets are nice and heavy. I gave it a four due to the horrible instructions and thinness of the lamination.
Amazon supplied me the Mobile Base, Delta 50-333, that goes with my 6" Jointer, Delta 37-275.  Shipment was quick, and I'm very happy with the Mobile Base purchase.The Base is generally well designed, beautifully made, and easy to assemble.  Moving the 225-lb. Jointer is a breeze using the Base, yet the Jointer is stable for use when the caster wheel is raised allowing the 2 corner feet of the Base to contact the floor (4-point support).One safety flaw in the Base: it doesn't appear that the mounting hole patterns in the Base & Jointer were designed to match up.  There are 8 mounting holes in the bottom of the Base and 4 mounting holes in the bottom of the Jointer, but a bolt will go through both at only one corner.The top-heavy Jointer should be bolted to the Mobile Base at all 4 corners because otherwise, the Jointer could tip over if you hit a bump moving it around or in the event of a mild earthquake.  If the Jointer could be bolted to the base at all 4 corners, it would be much less likely to ever tip over.
Found this for my Delta Jointer and was excited because it was $10 more than a universal kit and its much sturdier since it's welded. works well. rolls pretty good for small wheels. Good value if you need some wheels and dont want to raise up your tools.
I installed these blades as replacements on my Delta 22-540 planer and was very pleased with how sharp they were and how easy it was to install them.  Once installed these knives have done a great job for me on red oak, q/s white oak, pine, and poplar.I have owned this planer for years now and I find that these double edged knives are a great value.  By flipping them over when they get dull they last me a long time.
these knives are ok. they don't last too long as they are only steel, not carbide. next time i would spend the xtra and get carbide ones. these knives go dull in just soft wood, as is expected from a steel knife. these delta knives are good for what they are.go carbide.
I purchased this stand for my belt/disc sander and it fits perfectly.  I also discovered it is just right for my bench top drill press so I purchased another.  Nice and sturdy with convenient storage underneath.
The Delta 12&quot; drill press is OK for a bench top model.  I was disappointed in the chuck as it tends to stick and requires using the key at all times rather than just for final tightening.  Also I believe I would rather have had the 5/8&quot; chuck that comes on the 16&quot; floor model more than the 1/2&quot; chuck supplied with the 12&quot;.  For the extra hundred and fifty (approx) bucks I should have bought the larger floor model and got better capacity, longer quill stroke, larger and more stable table for mounting fences and jigs, etc.In the 12&quot; presses defense, it was and is the nicest of the benchtop models I have seen.
I was very impressed with the 12&quot; Delta benchtop drill press.  The 12&quot; handles everything I need it for and also has an impressive number of accessory toys available to upgrade it (mortising attachement, etc.).  It weighs a ton so I would highly recommend finding a place for it and mounting it there--it's not a lot of fun to try and move around.  As for the lamp accessory--it's worthless.  That's why I rated it a 4 versus a 5.  It attaches with a magnet...and then it slides down and falls off.  Overall, I would recommend this product without reservation.  Just supply your own light.
This is a good drill press that is working fine for me.  After reading some of the other reviews I made sure to set the chuck well using a medium sized hammer and a scrap block of wood.  To tell the truth my only complaint is how long it took to assemble this but since I only have to do this once, it really makes no difference.
I'm getting exactly the performance from this tool as I expected. If you want a compact unit, this will do. If you need something with larger capacity, better get something bigger. Speed adjustment is very easy. The chuck is a bit sticky and I broke teeth off the chuck key right away. Maybe it was my fault, but I've used drill presses for years and never had this happen. I started using the other side of the key after this happened, and SNAP! it happened again. I'll get a quality key. BE CAREFUL!
I purchased this machine about 3 months ago...I have used the drill press for making holes as well as sanding with various size drums on many types of wood. The machine has worked very well on all occasions and I am very pleaased with its operations.The only two draw backs are 1.) the need to use the chuck to get the bit either tightened or loosened from start to finish, can't use my hand to get most of the way there and do the final tightening with the chuck and 2.) the finish isn't very good. I know the finish does not affect the overall performance, but sends a negative message about the factory's pride in workmanship.All said, I would buy this machine again as I think its cost and performance match up well.
&quot;For the money&quot; is the key phrase here. Compared to buying a dedicated mortiser or doing it by hand this tool is chpear than the former and quicker than the latter. The good things are that it does work. Once you have it installed, aligned, and tweaked it seems to work fine. I use it in oak without a problem. People who are burning or breaking bits may need to adjust the position of the dril vs the position of the square chisel. Or maybe they have a defect of some sort. It seems to help if you back out often and allow the bit to clear itself of debris.Now for the bad. The molded plastic case seems like it doesn't really fit. There are not slots for all the piece and no matter how you put the parts in it doesn't seem quite right. This seems like a pretty obvious mistake so I assume Delta is just too lazy to address this. The setup requires a bit of patience and time. If the bit is not exactly square to the fence you get some wacky looking holes.  Lots of fussy screws, knobs, etc.Overall this is better than not having a mortiser and the price is right. I would buy it again since I don't want or need to invest the money or storage space required for a dedicated mortiser.
I almost sent this thing back, since it didn't fit correctly on my Craftsman 15&quot; drill press.  Once I did some necessary modifications, however, (a couple of washers as spacers, mounting it a little lower on the quill collar, etc.) I was able to get it to work and decided to keep it anyway.  Most of all, I like the versatility this kit adds to my old drill press. I figured I needed a dedicated mortiser clogging up my little shop as much as I need a (square) hole in my head!I don't think the set-up is that bad - although I quickly disconnected Delta's &quot;handy&quot; spring loaded spline wrenches on their fence hold-down bolts.  (I don't know how your supposed to start the bolt on the nut with those things getting in your way - I just keep them handy for final snugging)Anyway, I find set-up to be a simple two step process: (1) slip on the collar and the load the desired size mortise bit/chisel, and (2) bolt the auxiliary fence to your table.  Too keep everything square, I just clip a 12-inch ruler or straight stick to the back side of the chisel and set the fence at the desired clearance on both ends of the ruler.I find the whole set-up time similar to setting up a dado on the table saw - it takes a little measuring, but once you've done it a couple of times it's no big deal.I probably would've given 5 stars if this had fit my drill.  I still can't figure out why it didn't, maybe I'm reading my model number wrong...
I've read other reviews regarding this item, and have to agree Delta really got lazy with the kit case for it. Things are jumbled into it with no place for them to be, just piled on top of other components, wherever there's room. The tool itself is what I expected, does the job, and fits my drill press fine. For a shop with not a lot of available space, versatility is a must, and this is a reasonable alternative to a bench top mortising machine.
I purchased this attachment a couple months ago, and it has proven to be a real surprise.  Since it is an inexpensive tool, with the more inexpensive chisels and bits included, I didn't expect it to be a precision tool, but  it really does well.  I have now used it to make mortises in red oak, white  pine, and southern yellow pine, and am glad that I didn't spend more money  than I did.  The other reviewers are absolutely correct that set-up is time  consuming, but for a hobbyist woodworker like me, it does the job  efficiently, cheaply, and well.  I would definitely purchase this item  again.
I purchased this for my Delta Platinum Contractor's Saw with Unifence.  Installation is pretty straight-forward, although I have to modified my Rockler outfeed table a bit to accommodate one of the mounting brackets.  Once installed, the blade guard works very well.  I particularly like the easily-removable splitter -- very handy when I am using my sliding table.  My only gripe is that I wish there is a vacuum port in the blade guard.  The saw dusts seem to be focused to fly directly back at you -- I guess that is a good reminder not to stand directly inline with the blade!
I use a Delta X5 contractor's Saw as my primary table saw.  I do just enough dado and tenon work that it spends most of its time without the blade guard or splitter in place.  As the Delta is set up, removing and re-installing these is just bothersome enough to appeal to my lazy side.  I finally put in a Merlin splitter a while back, which gave me some margin of safety, but the simple truth is that I needed a blade guard that floated over the blade.  After some price and feature comparisons I decided to use the Uniguard.The Uniguard is one of the least expensive, and actually has a lot of features.  It has a split guard, which means that, on short cuts, the guard is still down.  It has an accessory tray and a place to mount an upper switch.  It is one of the few guards that can be altered to fit a wide variety of saw tables.  And it even looks cool - or as cool as a table saw add-on might look.I trimmed about 9 inches off of the upper pipe to get the Uniguard to fit with an acceptable overhang for my table placement.  As you can see from other reviews installation can be a bit exciting, especially if you are trying to do it yourself.  It's actually fairly simple, but the weight of the main body of the guard is enough to make things awkward.  The Merlin splitter won't work with the Uniguard in place, but the supplied splitter is quite good, and nearly as easy to switch out.One everything is in place and adjusted the Uniguard is a pleasure to work with.  It never seems to be in the way and there is plenty of clearance.  If you are looking for a reasonably priced blade guard with a lot of flexibility, the Uniguard is worth serious consideration.  Especially if you have a friend to help you install it.One interesting thing.  Klutz that I am, I managed to bring the guard down into the blade and take a chunk out of the middle piece (the 'upper' guard).  While the saw continued to work fine I discovered that there is a wind tunnel effect under the guard and the blade would whistle loudly.  When I put in the replacement part (Delta parts and service is excellent, by the way) I found I had to carefully adjust the guard to get rid of the noise.  Now it's fine and I'm back to being a happy sawyer.
The Delta 34-976 Uniguard blade guard and splitter is a good choice for your Delta Contractor Saw or Unisaw (and works with some other brands).  There are similar and superior products out there (Excalibur by Sommerville Design, Biesemeyer, Exaktor, Brett Guard; search google for "Tablesaw Splitters and Blade Covers" for a review by Kelly Mehler), but the Uniguard  is very good for the price.  I have only minor complaints: no integrated dust collection (as in more expensive units), and it took longer to install and align than I expected.Once installed, the unit offers a world of convenience and safety compared to the splitter and blade guard that came with your saw.  For non-thru cuts, you can easily remove the splitter without tools, but still have the benefit of the blade guard.However, the big U-shaped tube may get in the way of cross-cutting long pieces of wood.  On my Delta Contractor Saw with 32" extension table and the Uniguard installed, I am limited to about 62" to the right of the blade.  A workaround is to loosen then bolts on the big tube and swing it back down and out of the way, but of course you won't have a blade guard (unless you re-install the one that came with your saw, and you won't want to do that).  The other workaround is to have the long part of the work to the left of the blade, but then you don't get the benefit of the extension table.As others have reported, the package is rather large and somewhat heavy, partly because of the wood used to crate the unit.  Mine arrived in excellent condition but was missing three flat washers for 3/8" bolts.To install the unit, you'll need some wrenches (socket, adjustable, etc) of the usual sizes, both metric and fractional inch hex keys (Allen wrenches) of various sizes including the somewhat unusual 8mm size, and (if using an extension table to the right of the blade) a 9/64" drill (I got by with a 1/8" drill).  A square and steel ruler are useful for adjusting the splitter.I suggest you put a towel or rug on the floor when setting the U-tube down, to avoid marring it.  Another thing I learned the hard way was that while installing the U-tube, which is quite heavy, you have to keep an eye on it until the screws are tightened.  While looking down at one of the bolts, the top part of the tube decided to swing down and bonked me pretty good on the forehead.  The tube is very heavy, and I was momentarily stunned by the blow, but it served as another reminder to be careful in the shop.The manual suggests that if you have a 30" Unifence and table extension, you can cut 12" from the large tube.  I suggest that you refrain from doing this until you find your saw too bulky with the Uniguard installed.  The extra 12" on the tube may come in handy if you want to have a work piece that is more than 52" to the right of the blade.For step 25, I was unable to position the blade guard in a way that the blade cleared both the splitter and the blade guard when the blade is set to 45 degrees.  The solution is given in step 26, which I didn't notice at first.Overall I'm satisfied with the unit, and believe it will make using my table saw both more safe and more enjoyable.  I'll save time over having to remove and reinstall the old blade guard the way I used to, but considering the time to install the Uniguard, payback won't come for awhile.UPDATE: I decided to build an outfeed table for my saw.  Most designs expect to use the same holes in the back of the table that are needed to attach the big tube to the saw.  As a result, having this blade guard installed seriously complicates attaching an outfeed table.  I ended up using a piece of iron plate (hardware store) to join the wooden outfeed table, using the same bolts that hold the big tube.  It works great now, but it was difficult to design, build, and install.UPDATE 2: I'd like to get an Incra TS-LS fence system, but the screw holes on the back of the saw are required by both the Uniguard and the Incra system.  I don't know if it is possible to have both installed on the saw at once - maybe by drilling some new holes?UPDATE 3: I got the Incra TS-LS fence system.  It IS possible to install that fence system, and then install the Delta Uniguard Saw Blade Guard.  Basically the brackets for the blade guard mount to bottom of the TS-LS real rail.  It is straightforward and reliable to have them working together,  and I'm glad to have them both on my saw working together.  The Incra TS-LS is a dream fence system for my table saw.
I bought this because I have an older Unisaw which can be difficult to fit into one of the other bases.  Let me way that ripping down wood to fit into the base was fairly easy (because of the aforementioned Unisaw).  However, the base does flex some because of the use of wood when popping it up.  I think I would have been better off using some 1-1/2" square tube instead of wood.  Probably would have ended up stronger and it would have been easier to acquire for me.The next step will be to see if I can make one of the extension kits interface with this base.  More to follow.Jun 2011 Update:I finally swapped out the 2x4 douglas fir for 1-1/2" square tubing.  After drilling it out, priming and painting, the metal was installed without issue.  I can say the base is far stronger now than it used to be and there is no flex when "popping" the stand up on its wheel to move it around.  As a bonus, semi-gloss Rust-Oleum paint blends in with the original Delta paint, giving the base a more factory made look.All in all, very much an improvement.
This stand is, all in all, pretty good. I have it underneath my bandsaw, which is a somewhat heavy tool.  When I step on the pedal and lift the stand onto the three wheels, it's rather top heavy and tippy when I roll it around.  I think the three wheel design might be better for a shorter tool with a lower center of gravity, like a jointer perhaps.The assembly is easy enough and I've had no problems with quality of the stand so I have nothing to say in that regard.Under a lighter/shorter tool I think this stand would be great.
I actually bought this base to attach to a piece of machinery that fits in a closet. The base hardware (angle brackets, wheels) are solid, and if you use a hard wood like oak for the 2x2 sides, the whole thing is solid as a rock.However, the foot pedal sticks out several inches, and it actually got in my way a bit. In addition, if you are like me and wanted to store something in a closet out of the way, you need at least 8-12" of extra space to accommodate the petal. I'm sure the petal is not a problem for most people, just something to keep in mind.
I am using this stand for a compound miter saw. For a light tool like this, pine rails ripped from 2x4s work just fine. If you are trying to support a major league table saw or something closer to the 300 pound limit, then follow Delta's advice and use hardwood.I bought an HTC mobile stand for my table saw, in part to compare the two models. On design, the Delta wins. The freely rotating front caster makes the unit very maneuverable, much easier to move around the shop than the HTC. In addition, the lever in front gives a much greater range of motion, so it lifts the unit much further off the stationary feet. The two units are roughly equivalent in difficulty of assembly. Do your own measurements for the wood; the unit will take a tad more than the 1 1/2 inch square cross section recommended. I also recommend drilling the bolt holes with a drill press if at all possible. I don't own a drill press, so I couldn't get the holes drilled perfectly square, and the unit looks like it was assembled by a drunken sailor. It works great, but I can't really blame Delta for the appearance.One downside to the Delta is the need for the hardwood rails for heavier equipment. If you don't have a lot of scrap hardwood lying around, you should include the price of the wood in your price comparison. You should also have access to a planer and joiner to square up the wood, something that wasn't necessary with the pine.
I received the Bosch 3915 today, and of course had to test it out.  First of all, I was impressed with the overall quality of the saw and was very impressed by its weight.  It's heavy, and I have yet to find a really easy way to pick it up and move it around.  I'm assuming that it's meant to be mounted on a bench or stand, as opposed to being moved around from place to place.  I was also impressed with the manual, since it seems to be written in English and for the most part explains things very clearly.  Often, manuals that come with tools made in other countries suffer in their translation.  I did experience one situation that was not explained well in the manual, however.  I tried cutting a dado by using the depth stop feature, which in itself is easy to adjust.  The problem I encountered in making a dado is this:  When the piece of wood is placed on the table and pushed against the fence, the blade does not make a uniformly deep cut all the way through the piece because of the curvature of the blade.  I assume that there are two solutions to this problem.  One would be to turn the piece around and make the same cuts from the opposite side.  Another wouuld be to put a second piece of wood against the fence and then put the piece in which you want the dado in front of that piece.  Either of these methods is rather inconvenient, but maybe I'm missing something.  If anyone has a solution, please let me know.Previous to using the saw, I checked all of the adjustments as explained in the manual and found that they all seemed to be set perfectly.  I also cut several test pieces and checked them for squareness and various angles; they were all perfect.  I haven't yet used the saw for crown moulding, so I can't comment on how well it does for that purpose.  As far as the operation of the saw itself, I was generally satisfied.  Since I have been using a miter saw that has a vertical handle most of my life I had no issue with the handle on this saw.  I do realize, however, that some folks prefer a horizontal handle.  The one feature I don't like is the placement of the power switch lock-off button that has to be depressed before the power switch can be pushed in.  No matter how I contort my hand I can't find a comfortable way to depress both buttons at the same time.  On my other miter saw, the lock-off button is perfectly placed so that both buttons can be easily depressed at the same time.Lastly, I have to agree with other reviewers about the uselessness of the dust bag.  I tried turning it it every direction possible, but nothing helped.  It doesn't collect much dust regardless if I make chop cuts or sliding cuts.  And, yes, I do slide the blade from front to back as explained in the manual.  So, overall, I would give the saw 4 1/2 stars, but since that's not possible I gave it the four stars because of the lock-off switch, the dust bag, and the dado situation.
I have had this saw for 6 months now.  I use it often and well it is a nice saw for the price.  I think there are other saws out there that have more bells an whistles than this one.  Having a horizontial tigger like the Dewalt would be nice, kind of cumbersome with the saftey trigger on the left.  My biggest complaint is the saw blade.  After only using it for 1 month I noticed burning,tearout,and bogging down on the motor.  I changed the blade with a freud ultimate cutoff and what a differnce a blade makes!!  Slices wood (walnut,maple,redwood,and mahagony) very clean and precise.  I have read that the Makita has a nice blade included with their model and the Hitachi with the LAZER sounds cool ($500.00) but this saw was good for the price.  The dust collection is middle of the road ,but to be fair I have not seen many that work that well.  It did come with a hold down clamp that works ok.  The base is kind of large too...luckly I was able to land a Werkart cart that fit it perfectly and all and all Ive turned it into quite the compound miter saw.
I've had this saw for over six months now and am extremely satisfied.  It's very accurate, easy to adjust and is particularly good for cutting crown molding.  The blade which comes with the saw is OK for basic stuff, but has excessive tearout.  For fine work you'll need a good 80 tooth blade.It's a little awkward for a left-hander at first, but easy to adapt to.  The biggest complaint is the dust extraction - the dust bag is almost useless, and hooking a vacuum to the dust port makes no difference:  dust shoots straight out the back, hits the frame and disperses in a huge cloud.  This makes it impossible to use in a customer's home; if it's a row house, finding a safe, convenient outdoor spot for it can be tricky.  Wintertime complicates matters.  One reviewer said, so what if it takes an extra hour to clean up - it's a terrific saw.  Well, it is a terrific saw, but time is money.
I bought this saw in June 1999 at Home Depot.  I do lots of custom trim work.  Mantles, Judges Paneling, Column Trim etc.  I haven't found accuracy to be an issue once you square the blade, table and fence.  My tolerances are 32'nds but I know some guys deal in 64'ths  What I do very much like and use is the Vernier scale which allows me to accurately cut in 1/4 degree increments. Other than that the saw works as advertised.  I reluctantly cut aluminum screen framing for my cousins' porch and got metal shavings in the swivel mechanism.  I disassembled the table from the base and cleaned and lubricated the mechanism.  It works good as new.  Then I realized that metal filings could have gotten into the motor.  I won't be doing this type of cutting anytime soon but that was 5 years ago and I haven't had any issues.  Things I don't like are: the sawdust bag intake.  It collects about 1/2 the sawdust generated.  Also like others I have had trouble with the guard.  I keep putting off taking the saw to Bosch and having it repaired. I've tried to replicate the deflection problem discussed in some reviews but couldn't.  I also have noted that the blade brake doesn't work as effectively these days as it did when the saw was new.  So after 10 plus years of use I can say I believe I got my moneys worth.
I like this saw.  I use it as often as I do any of my other circular saws and I mainly use it to break down 4x8 sheet goods, including some hefty 7/8&#34; flooring.  I love the size, weight and balance of this saw, and it doesn't seem to lack for power either.  It does seem loud for it's size and power.  High quality carbide-toothed blades are difficult to impossible to find for this saw, which is a pity because I would love to get more use out of it than I do now.  For cutting laminate and composite materials cleanly, there's just no getting around using a high tooth count carbide tipped blade, which as far as I am aware, is not an option for this saw.
I got this saw to replace my 18v DeWalt 5-3/8" cordless trim saw, which is underpowered and can't handle much more than thin plywood and short cuts on 2x4s. The Skil saw completely blows it away in terms of power. I did like the fit and feel of the DeWalt better, but that was probably due more to the fact that it was cordless than anything else. The Skil saw is a terrific alternative to bulkier and heavier 7-1/4" circular saws. I almost never need to cut wood that thick except on my table saw anyway. I have a feeling my 7-1/4" circular saw is going to collect a lot of dust now that I have added this smaller Skil saw to my shop.The only reason I gave it four stars rather than five is that it didn't come with a rip fence and because the arbor hole in the saw blade that came with it is considerably larger than the arbor on the saw. The rip fence can be purchased separately, but it seems kind of chintzy that they wouldn't include it. As for the blade, well, I'm not sure what they were thinking.
Nice saw. I have a great makita saw , so why this saw too. My makita is larger and much heavier. This saw is a dream to use and it really saves my strenth. Dont throw that big one away however you'll still need it for angle cuts on your 2bys. I do so few angle cuts I used it once on the two jobs I did. I am just like everyone else I hate to spend the money on tools I already have. After using this smaller saw, I must say if you do any amount of building this is amust have tool. The weight difference is a big factor in the handling of your saw over the length of your job. Old school you bust your butt with everything, if you dont have to , don't!!! TRy IT bro's, you'll love it . I ain't a contractor I am just a homeowner with a huge honey-do list.So, make it easy on yourself and bother the old lady by spending that money. A great double bonus for me.
I bought this unit some time ago and finally got to use it remodeling our basement. I have a 12inch compound sliding miter saw in my garage but the thought of lugging that thing down stairs to cut base moulding didnt float my boat. Then, I remembered my Bosch 1640SVK. Yes, it has limitations but none that was a deal breaker. I placed a 3/4 sheet of 24x96 plywood on a couple of saw horses and I was trimming and nailing like a Pro. No clouds of saw dust, no dust vacuum running although SVK does have a 2.25 port. I can sight exactly where I want the narrow kerf and it does the job.I will have this fine tool outside when I re-do the screens on our three season porch.Thanks Again Bosch!!!
It's strange how a tool I never knew existed will drift into my awareness and within a few weeks I will have developed a need for it. I am not so much into fixing things because I like the work, it seems to be because I am fascinated by equipment and will learn a trade or skill just to use whatever new device holds my attention at the moment. And it comes in handy, especially in a case like the Bosch Fine Cut saw.. When I first saw one a few weeks ago my first thought was, "How cool. But silly. A power handsaw. Is that not a great oxymoron? And what would you use that for?"I liked the way the unit was reversible, the backbone of the saw action is integral to the blade and all the main unit does is provide power. The blade attaches and snaps over to either side in seconds. There are presently only 3 blades available, a coarse, a fine, and a true flush cut fine blade that will only run in one direction due to the offset. I would expect a carbide blade or an abrasive of some sort will be coming soon, as I have often needed a way to trim metal in a similar manner. But still I was unconvinced.About a week after that I got a project to remodel some cabinets in place and instantly discovered "what for". But I resisted at first, thinking I could pull it off with a Japanese backsaw and a recip, even though there would be some problems with scratching the cabinet interior. Before I could get started, I was called to replace a broken board in a redwood pool deck, a five foot section had snapped off of a 12-footer. It would have involved clearing away a railing and everything atop the good wood to remove the long piece and then trim it and replace. An hour, just for that.I picked up the saw immediately. ($99.00 at Lowes) along with 2 extra blades, as I have read they are somewhat delicate.It took longer to run extension cord to the job than to fix it. I marked the broken board to the length of the repair piece and put the Bosch to work. Two minutes, max, I had a perfect cut without a nick on the adjoining boards. One more job like this and the saw has paid for itself. It is hard to find that in a tool.(Added later) - Well, there was that job- replacing a water-damaged bottom panel under a kitchen sink. I probably wouldn't have even considered the job if not for this saw. A little hard to handle in close quarters, but I had the old panel out in about 20 minutes, with no damage to the cabinet. Like surgery.There may be other units out there that perform as well, I have seen cheap jamb saw for twice the price, and I have heard a plate joiner can be pressed into service for things like the deck. But the Bosch was in the right place at the right time for me, and I am very satisfied with the purchase.
Pros:- "Flush Cutting" means the blade literally slides on the surface and cuts protruding wood to that level.  For example, you can cut a piece of wood poking out above a sub-floor so it's flush, since the blade will slide on the sub-floor itself.  Of course, you can cut above the surface, as when shortening door-jambs because you are now installing ceramic tile and you want it to be under the door trim.  In such cases, this little gem of a tool is a God-send.  I'm not aware of a competing electric tool, and although a manual saw could work in a pinch, this saw does a much better and faster job.- The flush-cutting blades are quickly reversible, so you can cut right to left or left to right; depending on which is more convenient.- Accessories include other types of blades, with rougher teeth or for ferrous metals (aluminum, brass, copper).Cons:- While the Bosch Fine Cut saw is a first rate tool, the miter table attachment is nearly useless. During a recent house renovation, before my DeWalt sliding compound saw was on site, I tried one last time to use it for productive work. No luck.  This table attachment was so unsatisfactory, it was tossed it in the trash.  The piece of wood to be cut vibrates way too much, even when clamped, for a quality cut.  Besides, the unit itself, including the "fence" is just too darned small for most woodworking tasks.  It might do a barely passable job, if you plan to grout the joints, and paint the work, but it is wholly impractical for a cut that needs to be smooth and accurate.  Any electric miter saw, or a decent manual miter saw, would do a significantly better job than this tiny miter attachment.- Of the half-dozen Bosch tools I own, this is the only one with a lousy tool case.  It's cheaply constructed with plastic latches, plus the electric cord, saw, and accessories all have to be perfectly situated for the lid to close.Summary:- The 1640VS (Bosch Fine Cut Power Handsaw) does not include a tool case, miter table attachment, or clamps.- The 1640VSK includes the tool case, the miter table attachment, two Gross Stabil 6" F clamps, and a clamp to hold wood to the miter attachment, while cutting.The saw itself is mainly for remodelers or serious do-it-yourself types, since it's a speciality tool you won't use very often.  When you need it, however, you'll be mighty glad you own one.My advice is to get the saw only (Bosch 1640VS) and a decent aftermarket tool case.  Amazon sells the Gross Stabil clamps individually.  Also, search Amazon for "miter saw" and you'll find some electric models for $100 or less.  You'll spend a bit more in total, but have a much better setup.5 stars for the saw and two Gross Stabil clamps, 1 star for the tool case,  0 stars for the miter table attachment.
Buy these blades and not cheap blades - you get what you pay for in power accessories. These are like Sharks - it will handle wood cutting. I use these in my Dewalt Jig Saw on high variable speed. You want be sorry. Pay the few dollars more. Hope this helps.
I have only used one of these blades a couple of times since purchasing, as I have a lot of other saws that i use for most things i cut, but the blade did what i was supposed to do very well. Very sharp, and nice smooth cuts. I would recommend buying these blades over something cheaper, the results are worth the extra money.
These blades cut great.  Nice clean cut on veneered products such as the side of a cabinet, etc.  Only downside, and maybe it's just with my Festool jigsaw, when ran at high speeds (cutting) these blades make the worst high pitched noise you've ever heard.  I can't even explain the sound but if you don't plug your ears it will literally make you brain dead.  You can feel your ear drums resonating in your head!  And again, maybe it's just my saw or my ears but it's painful.  If I am only making a 5&#34; cut with this blade I will literally walk off the job site to my truck and get my ear plugs.  It's that bad.  Other than that the blades cut great!
Blades work great.  Get a smooth clean cut, however the laminate edges weren't perfect but I didn't expect them to be.  The irregularities were microscopic and easily covered by my drop in sink.
I got these blades to use in a "Rockwell Bladerunner" saw.  They fit nice, cut good, and are a decent price.  They don't seem to be able to handle quite as tight of radius as the blade that came with the Rockwell for scrolling without the piece vibrating.  These blades are a little shorter than the blades that came with the Bladerunner but work fine for my needs.  If you are wanting to cut a thicker piece of wood you might want to get a slightly longer blade.
I do not use this as rip guide but it is great for circle cutting. Hard to read scale and yes the plastic is not the best material for a guide like this,but as a circle cutter it works.
Cuts through materials of all types (with the right blade). Extremely easy to control due to the comfortable barrel grip. Blade change is quick and almost effortless. Dust blower is effective but requires the use of wrap-around eye protection. I do seem to have trouble keeping my cuts perfectly square but this is the plight of every jig saw user (small shoe, difficult to keep flat on cutting surface). Overall, I am very happy.
I bought this saw and have used it a lot in refurbishing an old house.  It is a powerful and excellent saw and it cuts exceptionally true even through very thick stock.  The only problem some people might have with it is that it is quite large and heavy.  I have large hands so this is not a serious problem but thank God I did not buy the even larger Bosch model which is REALLY huge!  Also, changing blades is a pain if you do not do it all the time since the procedure is overly complicated.  No wonder they put it on the barrel of the saw!
In 1982 I had a nice Makita sabre saw.  A friend (a man with unusually small hands) urged me to try his Bosch barrel grip saw.  It was great!  Returned the Makita, bought the Bosch.We use this saw all the time.  My wife even cuts 2X4's with it -- she doesn't like to use a circular saw.  It cuts today as it did in '82.SO WHY SHOULDN'T YOU BUY ONE FOR YOURSELF?  The blade change.  It has gotten worse and worse over the years.  Now I can change a blade in however many tries it takes.  My wife won't even try any more.Get the new model.  Everyone is raving about the ease of blade changing.
I will start by saying that I have owned and used several other jig saws, and this one ranks right at the top. Vibration is minimal to nonexistent, and the variable speed and orbital settings make it possible to get smooth cuts in any type of material. I also purchased the combo 30-pack of Bosch blades, and found them to be of outstanding quality. I cannot add anything to what has already been said of the comfort and power of this saw...it's all true. However, I did find a flaw that I thought was worth mentioning. When I first received my saw, I made several practice cuts in different types of material of varying thicknesses using different blades. These were all straight cuts, and I found in every case that the saw base was 3-4 degrees off of perpendicular. I carefully checked and rechecked, making sure that the saw base was flat to the material during the cut, and always had the same results.... Since the saw only has fixed angle adjustments on the base, no fine tuning is possible. Correcting the problem is only possible if the base plate is shimmed. I used layers of tape on mine. I know that a jig saw is not a precision tool, and that the blade can deflect on course/swirled wood grain and on curved cuts, but this defect seemed excessive. On a piece of 2" dimensional lumber, the saw produces a straight cut that is 1/8" out of vertical. Certainly not as good as other saws that I have used. Overall, I am very pleased with the saw, and would still recommend it for its power, versatility and stability. I would give it 3 1/2 stars, because it is certainly an above average tool. Almost perfect!
I own somewhere around a dozen Bosch tools, from jig saws to cordless drills.  Every one of them shows a high degree of fit and finish, with good ergonomics and precise controls.Although I like the performance of this router and will certainly get good use out of it, I was surprised that the fit and finish were not as I would have expected.  The adjustment knob is loose and sloppy, although the adjustment  seems to be pretty precise.Someone else mentioned the lock-on button being recessed too much. While I agree it could protrude a little more, it does function.  If it sticks out too far, you could accidentally pop it on and surprise yourself.  But the button is too small for its recess and sits off to a side.  Plenty of room for dust  to get in.  Again, it was surprising to see this lack of tolerance on a Bosch router.Other than that, the router itself just seemed to lack that polish and precision in plastic molding I see on all of my other Bosch tools.I wonder if the economy and some leftover Skill engineers are taking their toll on Bosch standards?
I purchased this router on a recommendation of a fellow woodworker. Overall I am really satisfied with the router.  Do plan on adding a tiny bit of lube between the base and motor for smoother adjustments (thus only 4 stars).  Other than that,  the soft start is great.  Power is smooth and delivered.  And the D-Handle is a must have for safety reasons.  Even with one hand the router feels much safer than the knob versions out there.  The weight of the unit isn't too bad, so this one can be held for durations without issues...This router is has a variable speed knob on the top making it yet even more useful.I own several Bosch tools and I haven't had any problems with them. They continue to work, job after job.
I just got one of these, so what I offer here are just my initial impressions. If I think of anything to add after using it a while I'll update or replace this review. I originally bought aPorter-Cable 690LRVS 11 Amp 1-3/4 Horsepower Fixed Base Variable Speed Router, but was disappointed in the adjustment mechanism, so I decided to go ahead and spring for this. The Bosch isn't perfect, but I can tell I'll be happier with it that I would have been with the Porter-Cable. So here are some thoughts:- The Bosch's fine adjustment mechanism is smoother than the Porter-Cable 890, which I'd tried in a local store, and of course the Porter-Cable 690 doesn't even have a fine adjustment mechanism. Bernie is right when he says you can't run the entire range of the height just by turning the fine adjustment, but I think that's a tradeoff to have a more sensitive and accurate adjustment mechanism. The fine adjustment mechanism has a range of 7/8", so to move the bit more than that you have to use the course adjustment to move the motor up or down into the next notch. Since I want precise control over this adjustment, I prefer the Bosch system over the Porter-Cable's.- I think Bernie must not realize you have to rotate the motor to remove it from the base. It slides straight up and down for the course adjustments, but when you get to the end of the motor's travel you can rotate it and it will come right out.- The handle is too big in my opinion. Specifically, the grip is too far away from the router, unless your index finger is 1.25" thick, which mine is not. So the grip is about 1/4"-1/2" farther from the router than it needs to be and than I'd like it to be.- This may be by design to prevent turning the router on unintentionally, but the trigger requires way too much force in my opinion. The router weighs a little over nine pounds and I can hold the router by the trigger without turning it on. I don't see how you could use this thing for any length of time without making your finger sore.- Some people have complained that the trigger lock button is too recessed to use easily, but that's not been my experience. If I hold the side of my thumb against it while I pull the trigger it locks just fine.- The motor on this thing feels smoother than that on the Porter-Cable 690RLVS, and quieter too. The result is something that feels better made than the PC motor. The soft start is fabulous, and variable speed is a real plus. As far as I can tell, Porter-Cable doesn't sell a variable speed D-handle version of the 690, so this gets the nod there too.- The depth locking mechanism had to be adjusted, as the motor was sliding around with the lock on when I got it. I guess there's a reason for that, but I don't know what it is, and I couldn't find any instuctions to tell me how to know when I had the correct tightness.- The cord has a little label wrapped around it telling you to read the instructions before using it and all that. I only know that because I can read French, as the warning was only provide in Spanish and French. I guess Bosch thinks English speakers don't need to be told to read the manual before using it. LOLSo far I'm very happy with it, and happy I returned the Porter-Cable and got this instead. I'm lookin forward to having a lot of fun with this puppy.
Very smooth motor. Soft start ramps router up to speed smoothly. Very good power. Do not really care for D handle routers. Thought I'd try it. Really just wanted the EVS motor from the router for my router table. Did not work to well in table as switch works only intermitately in table because of dust. Switch worked fine after blown out w/ compressed air. Milwaukee 5625-20 production router now resides underneath my benchdog router table. Well made router that gets a one staer demotion for faulty switch. Now motor gets used in my fixed base/plunge base 1617 kit when I need variable speed.
The Bosch 3107DVS 5&quot; won top honors in a major woodworking magazine, and well deserved. It is aggressive enough to remove a lot of material fast, yet gentle enough with a reduced speed for fine work as well, thanks to the variable speed. The dust collection is perfect if hook it up to a shop vac. I use a vac with a 2 1/2&quot; diameter hose. It is larger than the intake port on the sander, and what that does is allow the vac to pick up that one percent of the dust that escapes around the edge of the sander. Even the expensive Fein setup does not get every drop of dust. The 8 holes in the base suck up most of it, but the dust generated at the edges escapes. The 2 1/2&quot; diameter hose, attached to a regular size roll around shop vac, leaks real bad around the fitting, so it sucks way more air than the sander allows, and that even picks up that last little bit escaping into the air.The vibration of this sander is next to nothing. I used a cheap vibrating sander for a while, and my hands started to throb. The Bosch 3107DVS you can use for an hour with no discomfort.All in all, it is the best sander out there. I had bought the 6&quot; version and absolutely loved it so much, that when one of these 5&quot; models became available to me in a deal, I grabbed it. The advantage of the 5-inch is that the paper is available locally. If you are ever in a pinch, the 6-inch paper is tough to find. By the way, buy the Mirka paper for these here at Amazon. It is a deal. The local home center sells the Norton paper, which does not hold up like the Mirka. With the Mirka here you get twice as much paper, at half again as much price. So not only does it last longer, and give you a more even job, but the upfront price is better as well.Now onto the glitch. The 3107DVS has a single screw holding the pad onto the base. That base is an oscillating cast piece with 4 indentations that accept the 4 prongs. The whole inside of the unit is well greased. Even the edge-rim that it rides on has grease on it. The problem is that the cast piece and the sanding pad are often (not always) covered with grease as well. So you have a wildly gyrating cast piece, well greased sometimes, a single screw is holding that on. They do install that screw with MEDIUM duty loctite from the factory. What I did was clean the grease off of the mating surface only with some alcohol, replaced the loctite on the screw, and added an INTERNAL tooth multi serrated lock washer to the holding nut. They sell them at Home Depot. Bring the nut with you and match it up. Bosch uses metric size bolts.Home Depot has been making room for their newly acquired Rigid line of tools. They bought the factory. Consequently they put some of the existing line up for clearance, and this Bosch sander is one of those items.The woodworking magazine that rated this sander the best, also gave the Porter Cable best value award. It is less money, not the same level as this Bosch, but does a nice job. If you go into spending more money, you can get the Bosch 6&quot; which doesn't have any glitches, or the more expensive Porter Cable. Both of them are highly recommended.So there you have it. A great sander with a glitch that can be fixed. After looking at it, you might even have something further that will prevent the pad from ever working its way loose. Once it does, then the ridges holding it in line, move beyond the indentations, and can create damage. So it is important to deal with the problem.By the way these Bosch sanders have less vibration than the expensive Fein sanders. I love Fein equipment, I have the RT-1800 Fein router, which is best in class, and the Fein Multi-Master kit, and love it as well. But after using both sanders, I prefer these Bosch's for their lower vibration, and equally aggressive material removing capabilities.So if you want the best for less, get the Bosch. The glitch is why I gave it 4 stars. Hope this helps.
Yes it is heavy, yes it vibrates, however this sander kicks butt, when it comes to removing wood. The dust collector is a joke like the rest of the sanders I have used. If you do not have a vacuum pulling the dust they just only work for only seconds. All in all a good product that is NOT made in China.
This tool performs very well. It sands very quickly. Faster than my Dewalt and Porter Cable palm grip R/O sanders. The variable speed is very useful for sanding face frames on cabinets or other tricky spots. The dust  collection works O.K. A shop vac helps a lot though. The only problem is  that some times the pad comes unthreaded from the mechanism and flies off.  Maybe some thread lock would help. I'm not alone with this problem. I saw  others' comments posted on Bosch's chat room about this. Don't let that  stop you from getting an otherwise good tool. Just periodically check the  screw on the pad.
Except for the dust collection bag, this is a great belt sander.It is light and managable yet still has more than enough power. The ergonomics are good (the hand grip area could be a bit bigger--those of you with bear paws for hands, beware).The dust collection bag isn't so good though. The bag collects just as much dust as my Porter Cable. But emptying the bag is a real hassle. There is no zipper. Instead there is a cheap plastic clip.  Mine cracked after just a few changes. (UPDATE:  This bag sucks. I retrofitted a Porter Cable bag.)Also, a sanding frame is available for this machine.UPDATE:  I first wrote review in 2004.  My machine is still going strong.  I've replaced the graphite platen several times. This is a wear item. Available from Bosch for about $3 each.  I've also replaced the pulley belt because the belt stretched and was so loose it jumped teeth on the pulley.  About $6 from Bosch.  Five stars for durability!
UPDATED AFTER 8 MONTHS OF USE:  I finally got the sander repaired by Bosch service - turned out a part had apparently been installed backwards in the tracking mechanism.  Now the sander works perfectly, and has held up to lots of use in recent months.  Tracking now works just fine - I was unlucky and got a defective unit originally, but the design and features are wonderful when it's properly assembled.  The slim size is very maneuverable and easy to use - I love this sander now, despite the initial problems that were a pain to get corrected.UPDATED AFTER 6 WEEKS OF USE:  Everything I loved about this sander is still true....but it simply won't track the belt.  The belt slides off the outside of the sander even with the tracking adjustment screwed all the way in.  It was just a little quirky when new, and has become steadily worse with repeated use.  Bosch tech support seemed puzzled...suggested returning it through Amazon as the quickest way to get a replacement.  Unfortunately the 30 day return window has passed, so I'm left with taking it to a local service center who will return it to Bosch to repair/replace.  In the meantime I'm without an essential tool for my business.  I bought this sander based on Bosch's reputation and am quite disappointed.And to clarify some other reviews - the box doesn't state "MADE in Switzerland", it says "ASSEMBLED in Switzerland".  No word on where the components were manufactured, but I can guess.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  I needed to replace a 20 year old Sandcat 2-1/2" sander that had served me well but finally wore out.  I looked at a lot of 3x21 sanders, most seemed bulky and ungainly.  This sander is smaller and easier to handle than most 3x21's and very ergonomic to hold.  The switch is convenient and easy, and having preset speed limits on the switch is very handy.  Love the extra long cord too!  The tracking can be a little bit finicky, but overall I'm very, very happy with this sander.  I've been giving it a workout in my hot garage on 100 degree days - it continues to run like a champ.
This tool lasted only 5 hours before breaking.The current project is 250 sf of hardwoord flooring in my own house, with another 350 sf to follow. The wood is milled Austrialian brushbox, which has above average hardness but probably softer than oak. I decided renting and using a commercial floor sander was too risky, and that a hand held could get the job done. My 15 year old Black&Decker; (3x21, 3.4Amp, hot, noisey, no dust removal, no switch lock) would bog down with 120 grit at a slow rate of coverage and require frequent vacuuming. So I upgraded to the Bosch 1274DVS (3x21, 6.6Amp, quieter, 1-1/4 dust port), gambling that the size and power could spin 80 grit at a reasonable rate of coverage.The other rave reviews about the ergonomics are true. Getting a dust port was fantastic in that, when hooked up to a medium size shop vac, almost no dust was put into the air or left on the floor during sanding. The machine remains cool under continuous duty and the switch lock allows your hands and fingers to relax. I still need headphones with both the sander and the shop vac going. As for muscle, I can report that Bosch's 6.6Amps are good enough for DYI'ers to make two passes (250sf, 80 & 120 grit) in about 6 hours.Unfortunately, the tool did not last that long. About 3 hours in, I had a power cord accident, something that never occurred in 15 yrs with the B&D.; The cord was swept into the slot behind the rear roller. The motor is screaming, the cord is flying around, the machine is twisting out of my grip. It took about 8 seconds to get control of the machine and figure out how to unlock the power switch. During this time I am wondering whether I will get this thing shut off before I get electrocuted as it gnaws through the cord. Unfortunately I was killed. No, just kidding. Cord extraction required some strong tugging and a large screw driver to pry away pressure from the roller. The tough rubber cord survived and is in acceptable condition. I then did what anyone would do (with the exception of a Bosch engineer), wonder why they could not make the slot just a little smaller or the cord just a little thicker. Much later I found the user manual warning "The cord can be dragged into belt housing and become entangled with the pulleys." Nice.So the machine went back into service, only with a thump-thump-thump. After two more hours, I noticed the power drive was starting to slip unacceptably. I took the tool apart, looking for some kind of clutch mechanism in the gear train. Found a lot of German high precision and material quality, but no clutch. While reassembling the machine, I found the trouble. The rubber drive belt was missing teeth and starting to wear through. Bingo. During the power cord accident, the cord jambed the drive roller but the upper drive gear continued to spin, taking out teeth in the drive belt.I calculate the cost per hour of buying this tool and consider blasting Bosch with a zero-star rating. Instead I decide to include their service & repair organization into the total picture. Logging online, I find that in this metro area (Silicon Valley) they have several affilated drop off shops and one factory service/sales center. I stop by the factory center, buy a $7 belt out of local stock, and install it myself. After one day of down time the machine is now back on the job and works fine. So Bosch is back up to four stars, but only because their service organization and inventory saved their butts.
Very powerful, well built. It's very easy to change the sand paper. Just a simple lever to release the tension and pull off. Dust collection works pretty well.
I really like this sander and have used it to sand a modest size deck (9' x 20') - lots of sanding belts but the sander was flawless.  Don't like the bag so much but not a big deal either.  I pushed this off my work table and broke the front handle but was able to get a replacement for five bucks at ereplacement dot com.  I have used this upside down which was an unexpected feature based on its flat top.Update.  It has been years and I still find this sander very useful.  By the way the deck I sanded had grease spots from a BBQ and it took a bit of sanding to get to clean wood so I could paint it.  60 and 80 grit sand paper did the trick.  The weight of the sander though not excessive helped in the sanding and it was mostly a matter of guiding the sander around the deck.  The cord is decently long which helped.  More than 6 ft, I would guess around 10 ft.  Even though I use a 12 gauge extension cord almost all the time I find the extra few feet handy.It is loud enough that i use ear protection.  Don't know that it is recommended but I am careful about these things.  Except for the drills I use ear protection with most of my power tools.
The dust bag on my sander is not the same as the one depicted in the image on the site.  The one that came in the box is cheesier in design, and lacks the bracket/strut shown.Also, the suggested accessories are limited to sandpaper rolls.  No dust collection attachments, no upgrade for the bag.The sander itself is powerful, easy to use, and does the job I wanted it to do.
This is a great sander for a homeshop that is also a great buy for industrial use.  Inexpensive and agile.  The belt system used on this sander makes the workpiece highly visible.  Also it is easy to keep from  dipping.PROS** Inexpensive** Lightweight** Very  agileCONS** Not the best tracking system** Dust collector blows  off (or gets in the way) alot.** Requires alot of blowing out.
I bought this particular drill for two reasons:1: I really did want to support American labor and get a USA Product.2: I needed a slighty heavier duty "small hand drill" size of drill.The drill is a bit large to handle at times, but is much smaller than the lightest duty 1/2" size drill.  I can drive a #12 X 3 1/2" wood screw into dense pine and it does not even slow it down!  It is well made, does not leak oil, and will probably last for the rest of my life.On the USA Product:  This is frustrating to say the least.  It says Milwaukee WI in large letters everywhere; and, all the info you can get on line would leave you believing that you are getting a good American made tool..... even the price is high enough to be USA made.  Then, in really small print on the very base of the manufacturers ID tag on the drill, it says "Made in China" and that is the only way you find out that you have been had..... again.SUMMARY: It is a good drill, and does do the job well..... but, though they took the jobs to China, we pretty much still get a higher USA price!  I am disappointed by that.  Had I known it was not a USA made drill, and it was just another, pick a "China vs. China" product, I would have bought a less expensive unit like Sears, B & D, or Skill, etc. for about $25 to $30 less money.  I do think that we need to demand that Amazon require these folks to list where it is made in the listing.... that is only reasonable.UPDATE:  I have used this drill for while now to do some really HD type of screw driving and drilling.  It is one stout drill!  You had better hang on because it has VERY good torque for such a small drill.I still hate the keyless chucks, but this one has the best keyless chuck I have used to date!  Enjoy.
This drill has great torque, it will twist your hand off if you use the the old "hold the lock ring while you spin the chuck to tighten the bit" method.  I could do that with my battery powered Dewalt 18 volt drill without incident.  Using this drill you better not do it!This drill will handle anything you throw at it, but I greatly dislike the chuck.  You can not get it as tight as a normal keyed chuck and some of the materials I drill though cause the bit to slip.  It is especially prevalent with the small sized bits.I would give this drill 5 stars if the chuck was keyed!
"Wow... 'Me-Tal.'" - Bart SimpsonYou just don't see stuff like this anymore (at least I haven't since I was a kid). I love mine and can't wait to put my 5.5 amp Magnum Hole Shooter in it. My fiancee digs it too and she could care less about the tools. Plenty of room in the top tray for additional hand tools, bits, and other accessories.I knock one star off because I thought the foam protective material was glued somewhat carelessly and there were some scratches on the interior of mine that seemed avoidable. Don't get me wrong. I fully expect this thing to scratched up over time. I'm not one of those daft idiots who buys a Ford F150 and then refuses to actually move anything with it for fear of scuffing the paint or getting dirt on it, (full disclosure: I'm really more of a proud '2001 Civic EX owner but I still hate those guys), but I would prefer that the paint scuffs and scratches be my own. These were all on the interior though.In any case, through this and other products, Milwaukee has converted me from a web developer with fixer-upper ambitions to a full-on, Tim-Allen parodied, tool nerd.Equally cool, is the case for the Milwaukee carbide drill bits I got, but I won't review those until I've actually used them.For all the time I've spent pissing on brand loyalists on the web, Milwaukee may have made a total hypocrite out of me. Oh well, at least I can be fairly certain none of my tools will be mediocre.Now do I get the V28 combo kit a year before I really need it or do I just content myself with some completely gratuitous M12 toys and hold out for an M28 line that may or may not appear next fall? Or do I just buy a freakin' 15 amp super sawzall and put out an ad on Craigslist to come destroy !@#$ for people for the cost of new blades and high-risk emergency medical insurance?
Nice solid carrying case w/convenient tray for bits ets.  First one came damaged, top was dented in.  Just not enough padding for shipping.  Amazon was great and sent a new one immediately.  Case is somewhat pricey thats why I only gave it 4 stars.
Strangely, I found this in a clearance bin. I had always wanted a small right angle drill and so here was one, cheap, and it was a Milwaukee, a brand that has been good to me. I did no research and did not anguish over the purchase like I usually do.Every major tool company offers right angle drills. They all have their unique features and all would be best at some particular task. This drill is quite versitile and I grab it for many jobs that do not require my heavy Milwaukee 1/2" wristbreaker.Sometimes I would like to have a true right angle small drill to turn to, but this handles almost every task.The trigger is too easy to activate by mistake and it is quite sudden. It goes from 0 to full speed with even a slight depression. Likewise, it takes a light touch to use the variable speed feature. Reverse is out of the way, for better or worse.Let's be realistic: not too many of us unplug our drills when we change bits. I place one finger under the trigger when the key is in the chuck. I recommend that little safety move to every user.Although it is now 2006 and nobody has figured out a good way to store the key, the chuck itself is good qualityAll in all a good drill that is very useable for most tasks, is light, powerful enough for normal drilling, and has ok ergonomics. My big Milwaukee drills have lasted forever, so I expect this to last a while. Minus a star because of the happy trigger and I am still mad about the key.
Obviously, I wanted a drill that would be able to get into tight places for various types of assembly and remodeling. For this it works quite well. I feel it is a better choice for all purpose drilling at odd angles than a right angle drill which tends to hit framing, duct, plumbing . .. . unless you are at or close to that right angle. When attempting to align the drill for a hole that is reasonably perpindicular to the surface, can be a little tough to guage, but for me the flexibility of the 55 degree head outweighs that benefit of a dedicated right angle drill.The paddle type switch works quite well,sometimes too well as it can be easily turned on because of the way your hand wraps around the housing and switch. It won't take long to figure out different hand positions to avoid that. The reversing switch is a bit awkward to reach while drilling, but in tight quarters once you have twisted your hands and arms to reach that tight spot, it is nice not to have to worry about inadvertantly hitting the swith to change directions; however, that being said, it works against you when you need to reverse the drill and have to back out of that tight spot or manuever your other  arm to the drill to switch directions. The keyed chuck works well, and the drill is basically comfortable and very useful. As for the reversing switch, I have not yet thought of a better location or type, but time may solve this minor gripe. Nonetheless, this is a typical Milwaukee product so far, it is well made, has a durable chasis and will probably run forever. I bought the steel carrying case to hold various auger and forstener bits which I tend to use a fair amount with this drill, the removable tray and the extra space of this box is very handy to grab and get to work, without having to pack up each time you use this drill. Nice tool to have around when the neighbors aren't asking for it.
You're in the bigs now-This will be a step up for many folks from the typical household rechargeable "stick" drivers that typically must plug into the wall to recharge, typically taking overnight to do so, only to typically die after just a few 3" x 3/16ths wood screws into an untapped piece of typical southern pine [don't even think poplar].  Milwaukee, for most in the trade, has been and continues to be considered as a manufacturer of first class but no frills tradeline tools.Sometimes hot ain't so hot-Previous versions of this model had problems overheating the batteries and as you are probably aware, heat and batteries isn't a good combo and one that you'll sometimes get with "frys"; some units reportedly caught on fire and suffered a complete meltdown.  However, this was a rare occasion and most cases of overheating just led to a very expensive and curiously short-lived battery[streetprices around $40-$50 per batt].None-the-less-Milwaukee redesigned the charging units [old Vs new = cooling vents on side Vs cooling vents on top respectively].  Another distinction between the old spontaneous combustion chargers and their safer successors is the handy little built-in bit compartment on the original charger has been removed.Twice removed-Sadly, Milwaukee as have many other manufacturers, moved the production of this model offshore, Japan specifically, but has not suffered in build quality as have many other tools making this journey.What goes around-Japan is now considered to be the Asian counterpart to "German engineering" and thier factory workers are paid premium wages, often in short supply leading Japan to respond by allowing more immigrants across their borders to fill the gap left behind as the majority of the Japan's workers moved into the technical valley from the industrial park, "uninterested in doing those kinds of jobs".  Sound familiar?Build it and they will come-There are some relatively new kids on the block that directly compete with this stick driver, most notably Panasonic's facsimile [a worthy adversary] and newest of all managing a more innovative form factor is Bosch's Ion stick driver, both of which cost a tad more than Milwaukee's version, but arguably have some advantages over this "classic".Two speeds better than one?Hellsya! Especially when that speed is doubled.  As with all powered drivers, the inverse rule of higher speed=lower torque ability applies.  Hence, the greatest power differential is between lowest speed+highest torque setting["6" on the somewhat obscured scale]which can easily strip out sheetmetal and wood screws, Vs highest speed+lowest torque setting which can let you just snug that switchplate screw without hearing that soft but very unpleasant and all too familiar "crrraccck".But have no fear-Unlike many lesser competitors, especially "household" stick drivers, Milwaukee's torque settings offer a wide and *precise* range of torque settings for most applications [6x2], any even better, the very tactile ring and positive torque detents which are handily[but not so visibly]located on the ring just at the business end of this driver. Furthermore, the detents on this very tactile ring aren't limited to just six positions as the numbers would suggest, but many intermediate positions for that "just right" setting that can snug your fastener perfectly into place.  For heavier applications, a little bee's wax or soap on the threads goes a long way and also helps to keep things from going squeak in the night.Faster baby, faster-The addition of the higher speed [400rpm] lacking on Milwaukee's less expensive model actually makes this stick driver capable of being a stick drill[a goal to which many stick drivers secretly aspire], but only for those with either a great deal of patience and time yet perfect for that decorative solid brass hinge on that music box you've been promising your ______ since _______."I'm giving her all she's got, Captain"-Ok, four-hundred revolutions per minute is less than half that of the slowest speed of cheapest cordless drill but still good in a pinch and great when you have many many many screws.It's a matter of perspective-One warning: some may look at the pictures above and erroneously surmise this stick is capable of bending into a perfect right angle.  It does not.  More like 70deg or 120deg, it's a matter of perspective.What's this thingy for-While not a rubik's cube, this stick driver offers some very nifty controls. As mentioned previously, the torque setting is located on the black ring surrounding the bit holder: a perfect place and a perfect feel. Just below and very close without being in the way is the speed switch, not variable, just two clicks, forward=low, backward=fast.Just below is a curious little sliding "safety" switch that moves side-to-side, unlike the speed control.  Slide to the left and you can't engage the motor unless you are really really determined.  I'm not convinced this is really necessary or even desirable [try getting that one little screw tightened that you can just about reach and. . .$#^$!  You get the idea.  Oh, now you can look for that screw that just fell off and bounced over. . .er. . .$)@#$!Oh, here it is-Just below the questionable safety switch is a "momentary" switch[read "must keep pressing"] allowing your thumb to easily toggle the power in either direction.  And if you aren't already aware, "reverse" can be a very good thing and just like that time you got your car stuck in the mud, being able to toggle between forward and reverse quickly can be real handy.  However, unlike that particular fond memory, you won't hear any gears grinding.The bottomline-So how does this all translate in the real world?  Wonderfully. . .if your criteria are precision over brute force and versatility over speed. This model has survived many years with little modification.  All the controls are placed where they should be placed, feel how they should feel, even after many years of use, and even after enough time has passed that most of the fine print etched onto the plastic housing has become unrecognizable.  The heft is enough to let you know you don't have a toy in your hand [approx. 14.2oz w/batt], but light enough for either gender and even for those challenged by limited range or motion that would restrict the use of a "manual" screwdriver, and balance is good [about 55/45 w/batt].Does it come in colors?This is one of those crossover tools that is as appropriate to find in the bottom left kitchen drawer of a designer kitchen as it would be to carry in a battle-worn not-so-pretty toolbox.  The bits supplied are good quality standard 1/4inch hex feed that firmly snap into place without fearing an "accidental discharge" or feeling wobbly.  The durablity, size, weight, power, precision, versatility, and feel means autotechs love these for interior work, A/C mechanics love these for control panels and tight spaces, woodworkers love these for attaching hardware to their projects, and I hear tell trade carpenters in California use these to frappe their eight dollar Starbuck's mocha lattes'.Sorry, no chartruese but you do get a very nice, heavy, polished drill chuck attachment to show off to your friends or take down the neighbor's plastic, faded pink flamingo with the missing leg at about forty paces, gratis!  Apparently, their engineers have been locked away for the last decade and someone needs to get word to them that hex-end drill bits are no longer just a distant dream.It's all that and a bag of chips-So why the four stars?!?!?!  Well, as stated, this model has been around for a long time. I mean a *very* long time.  Long enough to design an improved case layout to allow for an unshifting collection of bits and a special place for the very shiny, but not-so-cheap and decidedly overwieght close-quarter angle attachment with that odd thumb? brace that usually manages to fall off before you reach whatever it is you're trying to reach.  Battery life is fair, not great[you will need the two batteries], and the charger could be faster.  These issues may appear nitpicking to some, but for the hundred bucks Milwaukee has been collecting for each of these and for the three decades they've been collecting, are these things really too much to ask for in return?AX~
This light works good, but I was a little dissappointed in the "belt-clip" that was supposed to "conveniently hook" to my belt.  The one I received won't clip to anything, and near as I can figure, you need another part of the "system" to attach to your belt for it to work.  Now I'll have to find that part or else jury-rig something...
There's nothing spectacular about this work light, it works as well as other 18-volt xenon bulb work-lights on the market. The pivoting head adds some versatility & the "clip-lok" receptor is convenient if one has the belt clip. Considering the cooler running, clear white, low energy consumption, LED work lights that are now available, these are becoming dinosaurs.
I absolutely love this saw it is smooth and does everything a miter saw should well. The blade it comes with is a true finish grade blade( i would recommend buying a cheaper blade if you plan on using this to cut framing lumber with and using this blade exclusively for trim as thats what its made for and it does it very well and you quite frankly you would be wasting it on framing lumber.) The motor is silky smooth and quiet yet it has plenty of power. The slides are smooth, the table shifts places and detents effortlessly, and the dual bevel works flawlewssy. I use this saw strictly for trim which is what it does best because even though it has plenty of power this is definetly a finesse saw and I think if you can afford it youd be better served with another saw for rough work and keeping  a good blade on this and using it for trim. Its so percise i wouldn't risk banging it up on a framing jobsite. All in all this is a true percision machine only two things stop me from giving it 5 stars. The fence could stand to be higher, wider and just plain beefier also bevel detents at 33.9 would be nice but hese are small complaints for such a precise machine.
I just finished a very long session with the Makita: more than 250 hard maple planks that I'm milling into flooring. I'm very satisfied. The saw is very well designed, the action is smooth, and the fences were set up accurate right out of the box. I traded up from a Dewalt 12-inch (non-sliding). With the non-sliding saw, I'd have to flip wide boards and clean them up later with the table saw. With the Makita, I can cross-cut 12-inch wide planks, no table saw necessary. The trigger lock mechanism takes some getting used to, but once you've used it awhile, you get the hang of it. My only real complaint is that the saw could use a more powerful motor (how about a 15-amp like the 12-inch).
I love this miter saw, my only problem with it is that I have to keep truing the fence, and it seems a little to fragile to take on the job site.  I think one of my carpenters is forgetting about the soft start and plunging the blade into the wood before it comes up to speed.  The price has dropped and I would definately recommend it.
Amazon shipping has never let me down. I received the miter saw within three days of ordering it (standard shipping). It was packed well and I tested it out. It is well built and I have several projects where I will put it to work. The price was good and I would recommend it.
I've have had this saw for many years and it works very well.  It is lightweight, rugged and dependable.  About the only drawback I see is that it is not the easiest miter saw to align w.r.t. fence perpendicularity to blade. It can be done, but it may take awhile to align perfectly and it doesn't seem to hold alignment as well as it could, so I have to get our the squares to check alignment before attempting any finish work - work which I usually reserve for the table saw or Festool anyway, so this is not much of a problem for me - after all, this saw was intended for jobsite construction, not fine woodworking.  I should also mention that my model does not have soft start electronics.  The amperage spike when you start it is noticeable as is the considerable torque.)I have several Makita tools and they have all proven to be both reliable and durable.  I wouldn't recommend this for finish work (e.g.as a primary angle station in a framing shop) but for the price, it's a good value and sturdy and great for construction.I should also mention that the dust collector works quite well for an open miter saw.  I use a 1 1/4 hose and a shop vac, and this seems to get 85-90% of the dust, and the station itself stays remarkably clean from cut to cut.  only a light dust drifts  to the table top.I should mention that the replacement parts seem to be only available through online dealers that charge enormous shipping fees (though the parts are reasonably priced).  I've replaced some switches, brushes, cords, etc. over the years and invariably the shipping exceeded the cost of the part.  On the positive side, in my case the parts haven't failed that often.Simple Miter saw design, reliable, and competitive price.  Recommended.afterthought: I've come to rely on accurate laser guides on the modern tools.  My Makita L1040 has years of life left in it, but lacked a laser guide.  Oshlun makes a laser for this saw (Oshlun LG-M01 Miter and Portable Saw Laser guide - $22.49 @ Amazon) that works great on this saw.  See my review for details.  There are several other brands of laser guides that may work as well, but I haven't tried them.
Our company purchased 1 of these saws about 6 mo ago and it has been a pleasure to use. We install hardwood flooring and so we need a saw that is lightweight yet powerful and reliable. We have used many table saws through the years including 10" Hitachi jobsite table saw, Ryobi, Tradesman, Skill, Delta, and have found that they don't even survive a year before the bearings go out or other major problem. I have noticed some key design benefits on the Makita that may help with the longevity of the tool. Makita has a dust port that exhausts the dust out the back of the saw so that it does not get sucked into the motor. My only small complaint is that the switch is located on the right side which is harder to use for right handers since you are normally holding the material to be cut with that hand and would normally turn the switch on with the left hand. Perhaps this is some sort of safety feature or maybe it's designed for lefties. Overall it is a great saw. The reviews noting that the fence is inadequate for precision work are true, but for me the lighter weight of this saw in comparison to the Dewalt makes it more desirable.
The factory fence sucked bad. I added the Rousseau 2600 fence system and it now a different saw, plenty of power, now very accurate. I use the portable setup in the bed of truck, sitting the saw on the tailgate at least 3 times a week ripping material for jobs. Bought this saw for $151 atHD so even happier at that price. Rousseau was $101 with all the Amazon deals available at the time, $30 off, Gold Box, and A9. Believe it or not I still like my old 2708 better.
I own a Makita 2702 which is nearly identical to the 2703 except that the 2702 can only handle a max. 8 1/4 in blade. I'm not sure if the 2702 is even available anymore. I like the light weight and portability which makes it a very good job site saw. The electric brake is also a nice feature. I bought the saw about 8 years ago and have used it on quite a few carpentry jobs.  Recently, I upgraded the 2702 with a Rousseau table and a dado blade set. The dado blade will only cut a maximum 1/2 inch wide dado becuase that is all the arbor can handle. I also built a crosscut sled which wasn't easy because the miter slots are only about 3/16 inch deep.  This saw really isn't a woodworking saw but will work o.k. for rough carpentry or small home projects. The arbor is loose which creates a lot of runout, which can leave saw marks and burns in the wood (especially hardwood) during ripping and crosscutting operations.  If you plan to make furniture, invest your money in a decent (heavy cast iron) cabinet saw.
If I have but one complaint about this saw, it is that they need to put the blade on the left side.  That's it.It has a great feel. Good power to weight. Built tough. etc.I bought it when my Porter-Cable 753 was out  on loan to one of my crewmen.  I do not regret making the purchase of this  saw.
Just another favorable review of one of my favorite power tools...The  weight is right, the handle angle is right, plenty of power, and it works  every time.  I bought this saw to replace a cheap DIY-special Black and  Decker and the difference was a revelation (of course, any  professional-quality tool would have been a revelation).The saw has  lived in indignity under my side bench for years, getting hauled out for a  variety of tasks.  I am a woodworker hobbyist and amateur household  carpenter.  I use this saw for the occasional garden shed, rough-cutting  sheet goods,  and to make sets and furniture for theatrical productions (I  married an actress).  In my light-duty work the saw is a marvel.I cannot  speak to its suitability for a professional framer, but it works great for  me.As a side note, I kind of lust after the left-bladed Porter-Cable,  but I worry about safety.  Is a left-handed blade more dangerous for a  right-handed woodworker?  You can see the blade more easily, which sounds  good to me, but it would put the blade much closer to my left hand (i.e.,  my movable clamp).  Just a question for thought...
Solid construction, comfortable fit. Like all Makita tools I've bought, it has lived up to high expectations. Beyond wood I've sanded down lots of metal -- an old file cabinet, a credenza -- from its 30 year old enameled  surface down to brushed metal (also primed it with some paint remover). I  agree that the dust collection is useless, but this is true with most tools  not hooked up to a vacuum system.Lastly, a hand orbital is never going  to give you the removing power of a belt sander. It is meant for finer  applications and if you have to take off lots of rough surfaces, you'll be  frustrated by the lack of power. At the same time a belt sander will erase  twice the surface that you intend. If you've never used power sanders  before, I'd recommend borrowing or renting one first to figure out which  type you'll use most frequently.
I just switched from my DeWalt 423K to this Makita. The Makita definitely takes off more than the DeWalt. However, I would rate them both even for comfort and the Makita's single downside for me was their dust collection system. It spews out of the bag constantly even though I can find no holes. It also does not collect as well as the DeWalt and is more difficult to install. However, it is extremely powerful and does a wonderful job.
GREAT sander, does the job wonderfully, rugged (I've dropped it _so_ many times...), but there's a BUT: the vibration causes my right arm to go numb. Vibrates my funnybone somehow, and the numbness takes days to go away. Maybe it's just me, or maybe that's just something this type of sander does, but as much as I use it, I HATE to use it for that reason.Oh, also, be careful of the skitter. Good technique required.
Replaced an aging B &amp; D orbital sander with this little gemReplacing an aging Black and Decker orbital sander with this little gem was a great move.  The higher rpm ability of the Makita cuts my finish sanding time in half.  Due to its lightweight, sanding time is only limited by the durability of the sand paper.  Only time I stop is to change the sheet, which takes only a matter of seconds with the pre-cut  paper and clamping system.  The agronomical design fits comfortably in the palm of my hand.  Only minor draw back is the location of the on-off switch.  Sander can inadvertently be turned off during use.
This is a reasonably priced, good quality, seven inch diameter, wool buffing and polishing pad.  It is pretty thick and deep, and has a 3/4 inch diameter hole in the middle.  The pad is designed to be secured by the hook and loop system.  `Hook and loop' is a generic term for Velcro type fastening.  One advantage of hook and loop is that you can change pads quickly.If you have concerns about the reliability of hook and loop, the system is reasonably secure.  The `hooks' on your buffing wheel, need to be in good condition, and not damaged or bent up.  The `loops' are the fuzzy part on the back of the pad.  Push the pad and wheel together, and give them a little twist to make sure there is a good `bite'.  Test run the buffer at low speed and see how it feels.  If it seems secure, you can gradually increase the speed and pressure.
I bought this router a couple of months ago from Amazon and have used it a fair amount in that time. The deal Amazon has going can't be beat and if you're considering buying this machine, do so from this site. I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too. The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly. The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well. The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing. It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use. Those are the good points. There are a few points of contention which I have. The depth scale is a joke and I wouldn't use it for anything but a "ball park" measure. The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so. This entails wiping the rods, blowing compressed air into the housings, and lightly lubricating the rods with silicone lubricant. The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned. Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance. I plan to get a Porter-Cable for table mounted use but will be using this machine for most if not all of my hand held use. Overall this tool is very well worth the price and I have no regrets about my purchase.
I love the performance and features of this router. For the money, I'm not sure you can do better. It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great. I bought this specifically for a router table I built, and it has performed flawlessly in that capacity. I've done some hand-held routing with it and it works good for that as well. Smooth plunging mechanism. The guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid. The only thing I hate (and this pretty much goes for any router I've used) is changing the bits. It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up. Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
BEEFY! Nowhere close to this price will you find as powerful and reliable a router!  This will drive panel-door bits with ease!  Very happy with my purchase.
It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty. But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record. I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits. Also stuck a couple of o-rings in the collet like a previous reviewer suggested & have never had a stuck bit. Have to clean, buff & lube the plunge rods once in a while but I see that as a non issue because any router should be periodically cleaned anyway. So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that. Happy woodworking!!
This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses. Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig. The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation. It is a heavy but well-balanced machine, which is an asset when maximum stability is desired. The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate. I used this router to plow out 3&quot; raised panels in oak without phasing the beast. This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit. The router is also equipped with an adapter that accepts PC guide bushings. The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy. The only complaint I have is that the 1/4&quot; collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4&quot; bits. I purchased an aftermarket slotted collet that does the job. The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately. However, now that the kit comes with the height adjustment knob, I'd say jump all over it. This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine. Wish I could give it 4 1/2 stars.
Have used these for years - a reliable blade, thicker and more stable blade than the LU87R, has 1/8&#34; kerf, always smoothest of cuts.
This same fence came standard on my 21" 3 HP Jet bandsaw. I've had it for over a year now and it has worked well for me. Granted, I don't use my band saw a lot and I never had a fence on my 14" bandsaw , so I've nothing to compare it to except the Beismeyer on my table saw. It' not as hefty as that, but is sturdy and accurate and for that price I think a good buy.
Does not fit the Porter Cable band saw's 16"x16" work table -- falls short.  I managed to drill a couple holes in the rail (making it un-returnable) before realizing that the fence wouldn't actually span all the way across the table to have the back end rest on its rail.This is, of course, not the fault of the manufacturer.  It seems like a quality product that might stay true even without having the back of the fence supported (and I'll continue to use it).  The indicator over the front rail's rule sits far enough above it that parallax makes it hard to determine what measurement it's actually indicating.Easy to assemble, nice packaging, and quick shipping.  Worth considering if you have a saw that it fits.
I would have given it 5 stars but the resaw guide is not very tall and I will have to make my own. I love the guide and don't think that I would give it up. It was easy to install and adjust and has not needed a reset. I have used it so many ways and it have not given me a bad cut.
To cut to the chase, before getting into a lengthier discussion about the dust collector, I give a qualified high recommendation to the machine to a beginning wood worker that has nothing else for dust collection.I purchased the DC-650 when they still made them in the blue paint scheme and used it exclusively until the purchase of an Oneida 800 CFM cyclone dust collector about 3 years later.  For those of you who already know about static pressure and CFM, please skip to the next paragraph.  This next part is not to compare how well either device works, but merely to inform about some of the basic science behind how air moves and to further describe the real operating effectiveness of the machine.  The DC-650 functions at 650 CFM with clean (or mildly seasoned) bags as supplied.  Also, the top and bottom bag must be empty of any dust or chips to be near 650.  The last major part that affects the machine's ability to reach the 650 mark is the length and type of ducting/hose attaching the unit to the tool supplying the debris for collection.  For example, typical spiral wire hose is very restrictive.  A long length can be even more restrictive.  This restriction is known as static pressure.  Increasing or higher static pressure means a decreasing or lowered CFM when based on a non-loaded fan static pressure to start.  Bottom line is the DC-650 pulls 650 CFM at zero inches of static pressure.  The 800 CFM cyclone dust collector I have hard piped in my shop with all metal smooth pipes and long sweep elbows pulls 800 CFM at 8" inches of static pressure.  While it's only 150 CFM more when reading the box labels, when the going gets tough the Oneida-800 can keep up with my 15" planer like it's nothing.  The DC-650 starts bogging almost right away because of the introduced static pressure restriction, flexible hose and the bottom bag starts loading with chips thereby reducing the surface area of filtration which further restricts and reduces CFM.I kept the DC-650 on the side for occasional use, but found that the supplied bags leave a lot to be desired for filtration.  I would highly recommend purchasing replacement bags that filter down to 1 micron as soon as you can afford them.  Otherwise you'll find a fine layer of dust settles on surfaces in the shop when you're done working.  That also means you're breathing that fine dust.  In my case, I purchased a pleated filter very recently.  That boosts the surface area of the filter, decreases the size of particle filtered and allows the machine to breath better in order to keep it closer to the 650 mark.  I also use it to clean up the shop floor now rather than sweeping because it sucks so well.If you already have a Shop Vac, even with a 5 gallon separator, this will blow it away.  I would also highly recommend adding a chip separator to this machine when working with planers or jointers and keep the pipe or hose as straight and as short as possible.  Happy woodworking!
This collector does a fine job. It has great power and makes little noise. I ran hundreds of feet of hose and bought all kinds of blast gates and attachments for everything I could think of. It works but only for one tool at a time. I guess I'm trying to do too much with it. It will run all day without a complaint. I bought a remote start for it though . I think it's a good thing to have. If you have a small shop you can't beat this unit. It has a little more power than some of the others in this price range.
I've built several projects with this mortiser over the past year.  It has done a great job.  The stop mechanism works great, it's sturdy, and the chisels that come with it are plenty sharp.  I've built about 4 tables with this machine, and I am currently building a cabinetmaker's bench, which requires me to bore mortises about 3 inches deep.  Since I am using poplar for my base it didn't bog down the motor like maple would, however, the base wasn't wide enough to accomodate the large legs.  No biggie:  Rockler sells an extension table for this model that I am considering buying.I wish they would have included mounting hardware (like my Delta drill press), so that I could mount it without any further trips to the hardware store.
This is a handy little tool! It makes nice, neat mortises if you take the time to set up correctly. For straight-forward mortising, it's a snap. More challenging situations require some ingenuity and patience, but it's worth the trouble. Glad I read the reviews....mine was bent in shipping also. The motor fan housing was mashed right down on the fan blades. Just took the housing off and laid it flat on a table and carefully bent it back where it belonged. No problem. They do need to pack it more carefully.
I purchased this mortiser a few weeks ago and have made many practice mortises and a few real ones in a piece of furniture I am building. I can't speak to the durability of this product, but I can talk about everything else. It came promptly from Amazon, no parts were missing. Setup was simple. I've seen some people complain that the platform isn't parallel to the fence. This is a total non-issue. All you need are a few pieces of paper to act as shims, a t-square, and about 5 minutes... and a phillips head screw driver. I took off the platform, squared it to the fence, and added a few pieces of paper until it was square, then tightened it back down checking again to make sure it was still square. Setting the machine up took about 10 minutes total, then installing and squaring a chisel took about 5 minutes. I am giving this 4 stars because my 1/2 inch chisel just didn't work well at all. I would give 4.5 if I could recognizing that most of what I paid for was the machine and not the chisels, but I would have expected all 3 chisels to have been in top shape. The 1/2 inch kept burning my wood, I increased the auger lead and it worked a lot better but still not great. I'm going to be buying a new 1/2" chisel. The action on the rack and pinion lever was really stiff at first, I added some WD-40 and it got a lot better. Really easy to use, really smooth, I would advise facing the opening in the chisel forward instead of to the side. I am now looking at buying a Jet bandsaw just because I appreciate the quality in my mortiser.
Although the Jet has the same limitations as most other benchtop motisers, it is one of the best out there. It feels solid, it does a decent job of cutting mortises, and the motor has held up well. The supplied chisels are decent too. It could use a better fence positioning mechanism, the hold down need to be redesigned (preferably like the Multico), and I'd like to see a clamp that holds the work to the fence. I returned a Fisch mortiser for this one.I've used the Jet to cut more than 800 mortises in western red cedar without a problem. More mortises in oak, mahogany, hard maple. It does have a tendency to burn the harder woods, but it doesn't clog, and it doesn't stall.
If you utilize mortise and tenon joints and have been creating them with a router or a drill press with a mortising attachment, you will really enjoy this product.  There are several positive attributes about this tool and one negative.Positive Attributes:1) HP is quite adequate.2) The chisels and bits I received were very sharp.  They believe that they would serve the non-professional well.  I usually use Clico bits, but I recommend that you at least try these before you purchase an expensive set.  You might be as pleasantly suprised as I was and you could save yourself some money.3) Fit and finish is very good.4) The column mounts to the base structure with capscrews.  The Jet engineers were thinking, because they provided two assembly hole patterns.  The second hole pattern allows you to turn the head around 180 degrees.  This will enable you to mortise stock one or two inches taller than normal designed capacity without a major setup changes.5) Good quality for the price.One Negative attribute:If you have read any of the reviews of mortise machines, you will notice a common issue with bench top mortise machines is the hold down fixture.  Jet is considered to have one of the better hold down fixtures.  If you have used drill press with a mortise attachment you have lived the pain of setup and hold down.  This machine is by far a huge improvement over a drill press attachment.  However, this hold down fixture could also be improved.  Mine is not parallel with the base surface or square with the back fence.  This allows the stock to rack slightly when withdrawing the chisel from the mortise.  It doesn't take much movement of the wood to bind the chisel in the mortise.Note:I am upgrading to the Powermatics floor model because of the improved hold down, the translating table, and the larger chisel capacity.  I am very happy with my Jet mortiser and do  regret purchasing it.  I just want more.Operator errors to avoid:A) If you try force the chisel and bit, you run the risk of  elevating the temperature of your cutting tools and ruining the temper. Try to keep the wood from smoking.B) If you force the cut faster than the helix on the bit can  remove the chips, you can induce too much heat into the cutting tools and could stall the motor.C) The HP is fine.  If the wood is smoking, slow down.D) Lastly, it seems too obvious, but be prepared to mount  this to a table or some other ridgid structure before use.
I purchased this tool to replace the drill press mortising attachment I had been using.  This is so much more convenient and a bargain if you can find it on sale.The tool is great and had no defects when I unpacked it.  Assembly was easy. If you pay attention during setup and use care while operating, this tool will cut perfect mortises every time.  This is not a production machine but is perfect for a small shop like mine.  It does require some skill on the part of the operator to ensure proper setup and use.My only complaint is that the chisels needed some clean-up work to improve their finish and some sharpening.
I'm a Delta fan and read the earlier Amazon reviews on JET'smortiser. I passed over the Delta model because of these reviews. TheJET is quickly and easily set up and it runs smoothly. Very nicely designed. Adjustments are simple and quick. The hold-down should have a horizontal adjustment to prevent binding on the upstroke, but that's a minor matter...
First of all, I must tell you that I am very glad to finally have a table saw.  I have been shopping for over two years and was not really sure I wanted the Jet until the Christmas tool sale at Lowe's. Had it not been for that I can't say that I would have committed to this saw had it still been at full price.Actually, the Jet was my first pick but I had since developed some doubts about them.  The bargain price lured me in (much better than here,) but if you're like me you want to know what I like and dislike about it.First the bad, in order of personal annoyance:1. As I had stated, I have upgraded with the cast wings from Jet (Big $$$$) but in the end it was worth it. 'Nough said.2.  The fence and miter gauge.  They are both just OK, but to get real accuracy you will need to spend at least another $400-$500 to replace both... the cheapest (...)  Or for a total of $950-1000.00+/- (saw included) for good controllable, stable set ups. (edit: Though I had come to terms with it after much playing around, but found a newer Micro-Adjust fence on eBay. An improvement to be sure. I'd still replace the miter gauge, (Delta seems to make a nice one that doesn't cost too much) but it is usable as long as you check it carefully after EVERY adjustment.  Don't rely on the scale or the "flip-stop" (it bends easily) to do it for you. It won't! Trash the "JetFence."3. The dust collection "hood" stinks! I will replace this too. (Edit: I made my own. See my review of the Jet hood #JW1005 and I'll tell you how.)4. The safety splitter and anti-kickback paws are nearly useless. They are difficult to install and uninstall when necessary, real knuckle busters. OK, we all know that most people who actually USE their table saws remove these items most of the time, but I would use them more often (I'm a safety guy.  I like my fingers right where they are) if it weren't for the time and effort it takes to uninstall them when I need a dado blade, or am running 4" tall material through the blade. You can replace these with aftermarket quick release/quick setup items for around $430.00. What a bargain. }:-(  That's nearly as much as the saw originally cost.5. The drive belt: Before I made any important cuts with this tool I immediately replaced the drive belt with a PowerTwist Plus A20-60. My cheap Jet now runs smoother than my neighbors' more expensive Delta. (Please see my review of this product for complete details.) It's WELL worth the $30.00 investment.6.  Mostly the manual was enough for setup. As others here have said, I set mine up in about four hours except a few areas where I found it lacking: It was a little vague in the area of converting the saw/motor to 230 volt operation, like what current (amps) it would draw at 230?  Should I install a 20 amp plug, receptacle and breaker, or a 30 amp? (Answer: Install the 20 amp if you convert); Also a few more suggestions about lining up and leveling the side extensions would've been nice, like how to bend them more accurately; and finally, not all of the various hardware bags were clearly marked and I found myself guessing... correctly as it turns out, at what hardware the manual was referring to.Note: For those who have read other customer reviews here, mine did come with it's own blade.  It's a 40T, carbide tipped, and it ain't bad either!  It does leave a little to be desired in the cross-cutting department.  I do get some tear-out with it, but it's OK.  I will replace it with a better one eventually, but it is quite good for a "get acquainted" type blade. (I did!  See Freud TK406, F60T.  For $35.00 you can't beat it with a Forrest.)The good:1. The motor is strong and starts, and pulls evenly to full speed, and can be converted to 230v operation.2. The arbor assembly is strong and smooth (gear, not belt) operating.3. The blade (see above comments.)4. For the most part the saw was easy to setup.Suggestion: No matter how much room you have or don't have, get a mobile base. Jets' own works well and is easy to set up but is a little clumsy in actual use.  The Jet base has four individual wheels (back)/casters (front) to lock and unlock which is not so convenient when you have 30, or 52" fence rails to get around, and it doesn't allow for easy side-to-side movement either. On the other hand, my neighbor recently set up a Ridged Herc-u-lift on his Delta (he said, "$50!".)  Four casters that come up all the way when not in use and a one foot pedal operation. I am not a fan of the "Big Orange" but I should have done this.My recommendation: If you are set on getting the Jet, get this model with the cast iron wings (suffix:"CW2" Usually about $100 more, and it will cost you a LOT more ($250.00+ freight) later to do it as I did) and if the funds allow, the Xacta fence though the new Micro-Adjust fence from Jet is an improvement.If you are cutting a lot of sheet material plan on building or buying a side table extension and an outfeed table. They're easy to build yourself and make a nice first project. (See Rockler for hardware kits.)I hope this helps you decide and Good Luck with your own dreams!
This was my first Jet purchase.Runs very good. I never liked the Jet fence though, it seems a little short and I wish it had more support on the outfeed side.I ended up buying a xacta fence II which is made by HTC. Was like night and day.This functions almost like a cabinet saw, at least in my dreams with these additions:I replaced the v-belt with a link belt which made the saw quite and a bit smoother. I also replaced the manufacturer supplied trunion bolts in the saw with the PALS (Precision Alignment System) which allows you to micro adjust your blade's alignment.Assembly as all my Jet purchases have been a breeze. Until it's time to align the belt and apply tension to the belt. That is the tricky part with a one-man assembly.
Installing this upgrade was a snap. The instruction sheet was barely useful, but the installation is simple. Alignment is unaffected by the riser and the increased resaw capacity is great.The blade supplied didn't hold up, but with a good blade my Jet 14" cuts beautifully with the riser in place.
Very nice addition to recreate the standard Jet bandsaw into something much more versatile, and price was great.  Amazon shipped really quickly even with Supersaver.  The instructions are generic for all the bandsaws in this stable (wood, metal, meat, Jet, Powermatic, etc.) and some of the instructions do not apply to the Jet.  Luckily Jet tech support is pretty easy to get on the phone.  Don't bother with the blade that comes in the kit--have your own on hand.  I followed Lonnie Bird's recommendations in The Bandsaw Book and have been delighted.I installed the riser at the time I got the saw, so it was no problem as a one-man operation.  After reading the other comments I was surprised at this.  Given that this is my first bandsaw, it was really pretty simple except for the !?#&!!@*?! power switch relocation.  Would it be so hard to put a one sheet addendum into the box?  The guy at tech support was nice about it.The thing that frustrates me about the finished product is that I have to readjust the cooling blocks if I change the height of the guide assembly significantly.  That is, the post doesn't move perpendicular to the table.  I've tried everything to look for something out of alignment but can't find it.All in all, this really cuts you loose with resaw capacity.  Too bad it's not standard equipment.
Way-back-when the first really good small band saw came out we bought it and loved it (the R-brand which is now the D-brand).  A while later JET came onto the market with a 14" but being reluctant to change something  that wasn't broke we kept our R-brand for many more years.  One day someone  offered us a lot of gold for our whole woodshop and the old enclosed base  band saw went with it.  Later we started a new shop that produced models  and prototypes for other shops.  When outfitting the shop and generally  being in like with our wallets slightly more than our machines we  considered the JET 14" for the first time.  After a few trials and a lot of  jabber on the jungle telegraph we took the chance.  At that time the open  base was a new thing.  While not as svelte looking as the enclosed base we  soon found that it was easier to clean up after and we could store stuff  underneath - valuable space for those once-in-awhile jigs.  It also seemed  to run quieter without those flat sheetmetal walls.  About the only thing  the D-brand has over the JET is the quality of the motor but that was not  enough to convince us to part with the extra money.  The JET 14" has very  good everything else and is a valued piece of equipment in the shop.  Of  all the 14" saws it is clearly amongst the best - which is good as it is  also one of the least expensive.  Hints: Buy the frame extension - it does  not weaken the frame measurably and you will enjoy the added working  height.  If you do not buy it now you will accumulate blades which will not  fit if you buy it later.  Use a 3" 45 degree PVC elbow modified to a  clamshell to fit over the lower guide and blade to provide better dust  extraction.  Keeps the sawdust off the lower wheel.  Wear safety glasses.  Pay attention: this is not a machine where you want your attention  wandering unless your goal is to receive disability payments.  Somewhat  enigmatically I still wish we had the closed base.  It looks better.
This is an excellent blade it's  very sharp and produces a finish quality cut.You can cross cut anything and the results are always perfect.The expansion slots the thin kerf and the carbide teeth balance out nicely resulting in an excellent blade.This one is worthy of re-sharpening...eventually. Now get out there and cut some wood.
I mainly purchased these to replace the standard thrust washer that came with my tablesaw. So with that in mind, they work great.  As for the stabilizer part, I don't think they add much for standard kerf blades, or at least I don't notice any  appreciable difference.  I don't use thin kerf blades as a general rule so I can't speak to their usefulness while using thin kerf blades.I hadn't really intended on using both pieces when I ordered them, again intended to replace the thrust washer. One added benefit that I didn't think about is that it shifts the blade over, in my case, to the right.  Now I can reuse some of my old chewed up zero clearance inserts!I do only use the outside stabilizer with my dado set.
The stablizer maybe make a little difference but I think that it also depends on the quality of the saw blade, the laser cut blades are a lot more true then the stamped blades
This item does what it is supposed to do.  It about eliminates blade wobble.
Freud SS100 Dado Shim SetThis product does what it says it does. Is it really necessary? Probably not. In order to size a dado precisely, you measure to approximate the set of dado blades used to the desired width. Then you start cutting test grooves in scrap stock and adding or change shim thicknesses and cutting another test. Depending on your skill and luck, you may get it right in several tries.It is just as effective to select the dado blade set, with no shims,  for a groove a little undersize. Then make a slight rabbet cut on the inserted board (shelf) to fit the dado, like fitting a tenon to a mortise. Use a piloted rabbet bit in a router to make the fitting cut. Once adjusted to depth, you can repeat the process accurately as many times as the project requires.I bought the shim set because I thought I was missing something, but I probably will not use it much.
I've made hundreds of cuts on this 6" dado set over the last 5 years.I've been happy, but it's not perfect, and I think Freud sometimes charges for their name when less expensive competitors are about as good. I would tryMibro 491071 6-Inch Stacking Dado BladeorOshlun SDS-0630 6-Inch 30 Tooth Stack Dado Setif I needed another set.The case is well designed. Saves you time, and saves the blades. The red plastic wing nut thingees both cracked, but Freud sent me new ones when asked.It would be nice if the shims were factory labeled. You need to clean, measure, and mark them, and the marker writing eventually wears off.There is sometimes a little blow-out on the cross-cuts, but any dado set will do that. Use a scrap of wood against the trailing edge.
if you are like me and not ready to spend [money]on a dado set, look no further.  this baby performs.  i chose the 6" for my 10" delta contractors saw. i believe this is wise to compensate for the lower horsepower of my saw.  a smaller blade will have more rpm's than an 8" or 10". its physics.  anyway, i like the case to keep it all organized and it comes with a handy guide that tells you what chippers and shims to use for certain cuts.  quite handy for undersized plywood.  big carbide tips that look like they will stand up to several sharpenings.so why did i only give it 4 stars?  someone at freud  just got off break on friday just before quitting time and shorted me an 1/8" chipper. Quality control cost ya a star Freud.
Clean cuts.  Great for low horsepower saws.  Nice flat bottoms in my dado cuts.
This is a good setup, overall. Tearout in CDX plywood and hardwood is minimal; I haven't yet cut dadoes with it in birch plywood or any other expensive veneered lumber so I can't rate it in that area yet. It doesn't make glass-smooth bottoms in dadoes, but neither does it cost what a Forrest stacked dado head cutter does!
It no way effected the performance of the product, but the ones i received were silver and the ones advertised where black. The one issue I had durning set up, using the 3/8 set up that the chipper and the two outer blades carbon  kept bumping into each other and it took me about 20 minutes to figure it out. Hopefully I don't have to use that set up to often.
I would have liked to get the Freud dial dado set, but don't use a dado blade often enough to justify the cost. Unlike some other reviews I read, my set was good quality and gives me a clean cut. I use a lot of Freud blades and with normal maintenance they have served me well.
Do yourself a favor and alway do a test cut.The big box stores only sell crap as plywood thesedays at ridiculous prices and some of the shims aresometimes not spot on.  I've labeled all mine withsharpies, but I alway test on a piece of scrap.  If youhave ever screwed up a carcass getting in a hurry, you'llknow what I mean.  Not that I've ever had that happen.  Ha!
Item performs as expected for a $100 tool accessory.  Would consider  purchasing again if there were a need for another.
I purchased this dado a few weeks ago and I would purchase it again. It comes with 2 blades, 3 chippers, spacers and shims. It's really easy to setup for the thickness you want even if you need the spacers or shims. The more common widths typically use just the blades and chippers and are really fast on setup. For example, one blade will give you 3/16 and 2 blades for 1/4. 2 blades and 1 chipper for 3/8, I've only had to use shims once on an odd ball width I needed. I have noticed some minor splintering on some edge cuts on pine, and I made a 3/8" dado that was 1/64 short, but you should always do a test cut first anyway (at least one test cut for a new width) and then you could just add a shim. I think this Dado is definitely worth the price, I'm pretty happy with it.
I'm a casual woodworker.  This blade performed the tasks I needed it to do.  It's a little hard to set up and get the correct cut width.  Once I got the hang of it worked well.
Nice set and an interesting 2 sided chipper wing.  Does not cut perfectly square corners as the item description may allude, but it is very close.
This is a great set.  It measure a few thousandths off when I get into anything above a 1/4&#34; just on the small side so I have to shim it into place.  The small guide to the sizes is pretty darn close to right on and is great to use.  The packaging/storage is a plastic case that works great.  I wish there were directions but basically it has shims on one side with the blades and then spacers on the other side with the chippers.  Blades are heavy duty, make a solid cut and a pretty awesome noise on my table saw when it's runningCons:- The surface that is cut when using the dado set leaves very small grooves.  This doesn't affect my projects so far since my dado's are internal but it if you had any of it exposed it would need to be cleaned up- The cut leaves two small over cuts in the corners of the dado.  If you raise your saw up so it is supposed to cut 1/4&#34; the entire middle will be exactly the same but in each corner of the cut there will be a small corner that is a bit deeper in the shape of a triangle (blade).  If you have any exposed dado's then you need to cut a bit shy of your final and shave it into place.  This isn't ideal but for 1/3 the price of the nice sets I can't complain.
I have used this tool to place hundreds, if not thousands of biscuits on all kinds of projects.  The fence can be a little tough to adjust, as it tightens with a wing nut on each end of a threaded rod.  You must turn both ends at the same time to get a tight grip.  I find that I use it without the fence most of the time.  The blade is mounted such that it hits the middle of 3/4&quot; stock just sliding on the base.  I clamp my work to the extension table on my table saw and just slide the biscuit joiner on the table surface.  It is easy to hit your marks on edge joints this way.  For right angle joints, I use a guide clamp (like a Tru-Grip CT24C) squared on the workpiece (i.e. the side of a bookcase) so the base of the joiner rests where the bottom of the shelf will be.  It is easy to make a verticle plunge into the board resting on the table.The depth of cut is easy to fine tune, and there are positive adjustment stops for three sizes of biscuits.One thing I don't like about this tool is the &quot;clattering&quot; sound it makes while running.  I have run this machine quite a bit and never had a problem, but it has sounded like a loose bearing from the time it was new.  The fence could use some improvement, but that is easy to work around.If it ever breaks down and I have the cash, I'd like to try a Lamello.  That's the one Norm has on the New Yankee Workshop!
I purchased this as a first plate jointer to get some experience with how they can be used in my projects.  I haven't experienced the issues with noise that several reviewers have noticed.  Considering many of these jointers can go for double the money, and that my projects are relatively basic, this seemed to be a good match.  I think this is a great unit for beginners or as a backup unit.UPDATE FEBRUARY 2009 - When I bought this unit, I figured it'd be good for maybe a year or two.  Four years out, it continues strong.  It has an annoying tendency for the chip chute to clog up from time to time, which takes a bit of effort to unclog.  But it does great work, and with a little bit of care ensuring your alignment is clean, it works well.  Wish all of my tools were as bulletproof.
I use this joiner to build solid wood panels for table tops and cabinet doors and for this it works fine.  The tool seems well built, has adequate power, and I do not need a tilting fence for beveled joints.  The fence height adjustment could be a little easier, but I almost always use 3/4" stock so I rarely have to adjust it. It does make a disconcerting rattle when it is shut off, but this seems to be normal.  The price is also reasonable for what is basically an angle grinder with a fence and carbide blade.  If you are a typical hobbyist like me, then this joiner is all you'll ever need.  Save yourself the $...that you would need to spend on the fancier models for biscuits, glue, stock, etc.
The jury is still out on this one folks. I received the router quickly after ordering it and I was impressed with it when I saw it. A good solid machine. I was not too impressed with the edge guide. It appeared to be cheaply made and the coating was flaking off of it in rather large sheets. Oh Well...It was a freebie anyway so I didn't get too excited about it. I set the router up in my router table (which is why I bought it in the first place) and switched it on. It started fine, the soft start feature is great. I started routing a 1/16" chamfer in 1/4 inch oak and got about half way through the first cut when the router quit and gasped a small puff of blue smoke. That was about all she wrote. It wouldn't start again. I went through the bother of removing it from the table, repackaging it, and taking it back to UPS to return it. I did ask for a replacement rather then a refund, as I have several Freud tools and have been very pleased with the value and quality they offer. I trust that the router I had received was one of those rare lemmons that happens once in a while. But for now I can only rate it with one star. When I receive the replacement I will update my rating accordingly and give it a fair rating based on the tools quality and performance.I will say this for Amazon.com, they make the return process as painless as possible. It was much easier then many store returns I have had to make.UPDATE - I got the replacement router (very quickly I might add) and after a bit of a delay got it mounted in my router table. This time it performed as I expected. No problems this time. The machine ate through red oak with no problem. Each cut was smooth, and trouble free. This router has power to spare, at no time did it hesitate or bog down, (I must admit that on one occasion I tried to do so).The only reason it gets 4 stars rather then 5 is due to the base plate. It is made of pliable plastic, and in my opinion not suitable for use as a hand held router unless the base plate is replaced. It does not appear to be perfectly flat and could cause imperfections in the cut. Freud should upgrade to a rigid phenolic plate. But otherwise a great value in a power tool.
The old Craftsman finally died after many years of faithful service, so I purchased the FT2000. I already own the FT1000(see separate review), so figured I might as well have a matched set.I have to agree with other reviewers, the "manual" is dismal, get Router Basic's and The Router Handbook, by Patrick Spielman, and you won't care about the manual. I bought this monster to mount in a table so the weight isn't really a big deal, and put it to work almost immediatly on some red oak (what is the deal with red oak? doesn't anyone like pine anymore?) I am shaping for a chest project. Some reviewers have compared the noise to a 747, I think it is more like the Space shuttle taking off, but with ear protection its not too bad. Started out with the speed setting on 5, but dialed it down to 3, it had no problems swinging the 3/4 beading bit and did a real nice job. I like the adjustment knob and the on/off switch, both easy to use. Had no problems with the collet/nut as some reviewers had. I thought I might have to beef up my 1/4 phenolic plate, but it handled the weight just fine. Finding screws to mount it just took a trip to the hardware store and we were in business.Didn't get a case with it, but don't expect to remove it from the table so won't miss it much. The guide will end up stuffed in one of the bin's in my shop hutch and will probably live out its life there. The finish could have been better, but I don't plan on displaying it, and it doesn't effect its operation. Overall I am pleased with the router and plan to buy another to install in another table, and leave it set up with a 3/4 straight bit for cutting dadoes. For the price and what you get, power/smooth operation/easy adjustment, I don't think you can beat the deal. I think its a perfect table router. Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the "manual".UPDATE-APRIL 2005  I've had this router a little over two years now and it is still performing extremely well. I have used and "abused" it a lot and have had zero problems with it. Still highly recommend this router to anyone.
Most people here seem to have extreme reactions to this router.  My review will fall somewhere in the middle, though closer to the positive side.  I use this router exclusively for free-hand work, preferring a smaller,  lighter model for table-mounting.  I would suggest that anyone who buys  this router use it freehand, as it is too tall to be mounted easily to most  router tables.Positive features first.  One thing it definitely has  going for it is power.  After researching several of the  &quot;high-powered&quot; routers (DeWalt, makita, Hitachi), this one was  obviously better.  You get about another 1/4 HP for a price that's still  reasonable.  Also, the router comes with a very nice height adjustment  mechanism that usually costs extra with other routers, such as DeWalt.  The  router is easy to hold when doing free-hand work, and because one side of  the base is flat, it is easy to run across a straightedge or a jig (as  compared with other routers that have round bases).  It is relatively  quiet, considering the power it has.Now the negatives.  The router has  an awkward power switch that clicks up into position.  For comparison, I  use the Bosch 1617EVS router, which has a toggle switch that turns on and  off with a light push.  This is a relatively small matter, especially when  plunging (in my opinion) since you usually turn the machine on, then SLOWLY  move it into the wood or lower it into the workpiece; you're not trying to  hurry up and plunge right after you flip the switch on.  The plunging  operation of this router is accurate, but a little stiff.  Again, not a big  deal, although I suppose other routers edge it out in this category.  The  last negative I have about this router is that it comes only with the  1/2&quot; chuck.  I have many 1/4&quot; bits, but I cannot use them with  this router.  This, again, is a relatively small matter, since 1/2&quot;  bits are preferable anyway.  Also, many of my 1/4&quot; bits would never be  used free-hand.  But, comparitively speaking, other router have an edge in  this category as well.The bottom line for me is that the power and  height adjustment features outweigh the negatives of this router, and, when  you compare the price, it seems to edge out DeWalt, its biggest competitor.  With many of the negatives, we  aren't talking about anything bad, we are  just saying that this router is ever so slightly behind other routers on  the market in some ways.  But for use as a free-hand router, it's got to be  in the top of its category.
I read about the blade and bought it.  It works great.  Only thing the blade is really brittle and easy to break.  Another thing it's expensive.
fine teeth and leaves a good edge need to have for special cutting in the blade selection of the fein multimaster
This really helped me rip out old linoleum from our entryway. I used it for probably ~4-5 hours and it still has plenty of life left in it. Simply flip it over once one side becomes dull as the other side usually has sharpened from its use. It has a nice balance between flexibility and rigidity.
The blade itself is good quality, but what you get is not exactly what is shown in the picture.  I ordered the rigid scraper blade a what I got was the same blade that I already had, which was not my intention.  The blade is semi-flexible.
This served my husband's purpose. He felt it could have lasted a little longer but was satisfied with its performance.
blade works as designed and certainly a must for the blade selection for fein multimaster, great for fine cut shipped fast
I don't think we can quote prices in reviews, but I got a good deal from amazon.I used these blades to cut vinyl siding. I had over 100 feet of siding that needed to be cut into bundles of 16" for trash pick up. That means that I made 80 cuts with it, through a medium quality siding. It cut through like butter.Now, just a tip for plastic cutting. You need to play with the various speeds on the Fein tool. There is a "sweet spot" where it cuts like butter. It is fast enough to cut, but does not melt the material.It worked great for my purposes, can't comment on other materials.
Ok, this is no Lee Valley, Lie Neilsen plane etc, and the title marks it as contractor grade anyway (not fine cabinetmaker) so I wasn't expecting a perfect tool. out of the box the product seems strong and quite well made. The sole is as flat as it needs to be for the type of work the block plane is used for. All adjustment features seem to work well, although a little stiff out of the box until you use them a little more, then they start to free up a little and are easier to adjust etc.The blade itself is ground at 25 degrees and mine actually had a bit of a ding in it out of the box, however, the manual states the blade should be honed to 30 degrees anyway, so after about 20 minutes with a diamond sharpening stone and plane blade sharpening jig, I was able to remove the ding at 25 degrees and then hone a nice sharp edge at 30 degrees. A few quick tests of the product and it worked great.The secret is in the sharpness of the blade. Hone a very sharp edge on this block plane's blade and it will work just as well as a block plane costing 10x as much. The block plane makes a great addition to any contractors/carpenters kit bag, or even for the fine woodworker too as long as you are prepared to spend that 20-30 minutes tuning it up to shape straight from the box.
The product is not bad. Like many of the previous reviewers, it is not the best plane that you can get. But, for the price, it does its job very well. I recently purchased an older house and am remodeling it. This plane has been very useful to shave down doors in which I can't fix by adjusting the hinges. As one of my carpenter friends told me: "An expensive tool is no good if you don't know how to use it."
Sturdy with an adjustable mouth and blade tilt.Understand you will need to prep this before use. The sole is not precision ground but machine rough, so you will need a granite block and sandpaper or a set of flat block diamond hones. Once you have your sole (and sides) honed and flat you will need to sharpen the blade. There are several jigs and sharpening tools to assist in this. After all is done apply an anti-rust agent such as wood wax or Boeshield.Once prep'd this is a great plane.
I love the feeling of a sharp plane slicing through wood. Stanley has been making planes for a long time and they really know what they are doing.  You might veiw this as a plane kit. When you get it you will have some work to do on it. First you will probably need to lap the sole,and the back of the iron.This will remove the grinding marks from the factory. Then you will need to hone the bevel on the iron. Depending on the wood you are planing the angle might be right. Since this is a low angle plane 25 degrees is good for hard woods. You could even go as low as 15 degrees for soft woods. If you spend a little time tuning this somewhat rough tool up you will be rewarded by that feeling of slicing through the wood like it was butter. I prefer my Lie Nielson block planes over these.They are works of art and they perform like they are. But they cost several times more than these perfectly adequate stanleys.
Don't get me wrong, you can't do any better for the money, but...Blade doesn't hold edge for long, lateral adjustment control is constantly in the way and moves the blade when you're planing, sole needs additional flattening.For this price it's expected to spend some time getting it in working shape, and afterwads it does perform ok, but leaves me wishing it had a better blade (especially since you'd commonly use this low-angle plane on end grain).
I've looked at Lie Nielson and Vertitas low angle block planes and concluded that I don't deserve such works of art. I'd be afraid I'd pick it up with glue or paint on my hands or drop it on the concrete floor (ouch). So, I bought the lowly Stanley low angle block plane. For what I do, it suits me. The fit and finish is a little rough but it works just fine and the price was right. Out of the package it was fairly sharp and it did an excellent job.
This is not the best quality but was fixable in about an hour.  First the front adjustment bolt weld was pretty shabby. Lots of flashing.  Filed down.  Then the japaning spilled into the front opening.  Had to make a jig and file throat and blade bed smooth and true. The base was warped  (cupped in the center)  Took a while but sandpaper took care of that.  Blade dull, sharpened.  One thing I can't fix is the two and 1/2 turns of play in the adjustment mechanism.  I'll have to get used to that. It actually looks like it is designed that way.  Doesn't much matter but shows a design that could use some improvement..  All told this is not what Stanley used to make but it has the basic design that makes it worth the twenty bucks or so after it is tuned up.  Would I buy again?  sure. for twenty bucks it is serviceable.
This is a good general purpose plane for trimming long grain edges and for chanfering. I recomend the low angle block plane for end grain work though. What really impressed me though was how tough it was. I accidently dropped it about 4 feet onto a concrete floor and it didn't have a scratch or crack on it.
Plan to spend an extended amount of time tuning this plane and sharpening the blade. I am operating on a very limited budget so I had to go with the cheaper route for my planes. I'll have the plane set up nicely when I'm finished with it, but it is a significant amount of work out of the box. The sole wasn't flat, the mouth wasn't square, the bed wasn't flat, the blade.... basically a butter knife, and it did take a good few hours to make it a decent tool. For a plane of this size, it wasn't a huge effort, but it is an effort and it is time spent tuning rather than time spent working wood.If you can afford it, get the rabbiting block plane from a highly reputable name instead. If not, go ahead and get this one but don't cry when it takes you hours to get it into good shape.
Stanley has been making planes for a long time. They do know what they are  doing. I have a few of these around for general purpose work . I also have  some Lie Nielsons and I love them but I keep them safe and out of reach of  others'. I don't care who uses the Stanleys. I know if they get ruined ,  I'm not out much. With a little tuning a stanley will do a respectable job.  Lap the sole and the iron ,put a good bevel on it and it will cut  aggressively or produce a fine shaving. The adjustable throat is a must for  avoiding tearout. I like the low angle version of this plane a little  better. It is easier to control .It also makes a finer cut. It won't cut as  deep however. To get a better plane you will have to spend at least twice  as much so this is not a bad deal.
I purchased the plane even after reading the bad reviews. I have own many Stanley planes some antiques and son giving to me by my grandfather. I have always been very happy with them. So, I purchased this rabbet planer with the purpose of cleaning up the middle ridge made by a dado. When I first got the plane, like you need to do with all planes, I tuned it and adjusted it. The plane works great. I have been using it with no problems. It did take a bit of time to adjust. If you are not sure on how to adjust the plane or the tuning of it, you can e-mail Stanley's service department and they will be glade to mail out the information on the model you have. I would and more then likely will purchase other Stanley plane in the future. I gave this four stars because nothing is perfect.
I purchased this vise a couple years ago and I am pretty happy with it. I mounted it to my workbench and it holds material well. The only issue with this vise is how it is shipped. It is literally placed in a box with no padding/packaging and by the time it arrives at the door the box looks like it barely survived a war. Regardless, the vise is very heavy and solid and it was not damaged during shipping. I guess when a product is build like a tank you can just slap a shipping label on it and send it anywhere in the world unscathed.
I've used the Jorgensen Bar Clamps for years. Bought some other clamps as they were cheaper.  Over the years I know when I am picking up a Jorgensen Clamp.  Fit and finish does well in my workshop which rusts tools! Needed a good vise. It was highly rated and I am impressed by the company. Have yet to install it but it looks well made and it is sturdy.Down side is they need to have a better set of instructions. Can't find anything when I Google it. Some You Tube Videos by ambitious woodworkers, but companies should be doing it!
A well engineered product released after they 'got the bugs' out.  Doesn't sound very American.  Jorgensen has a well known reputation and they seem to want to maintain it.  The metal is clean, all parts align and the size and weight are a good mix for most applications.I would only suggest two additional things.  The handle's end caps don't fit well (sometimes).  Do not force them on or they will split.  Lightly taper the handle and either screw, glue or do both. 'J' could send 3 to avoid user problems.  Secondlyly, I would like to 'J' supply a pair of hard wood inserts for the steel jaws.  TJS
Sturdy, heavy, and machined well. It's easy to use.  Mounting it to my bench was straight forward and only required one person, though two might have added some efficiency. Wish they had supplied  a way to affix the bar-end caps - I ended up using some tiny wood screws, but it wasn't as simple as it might have been had there been a pre-engineered method.
I ordered the 3 x 21 and am very satisfied with the durability of the belt.  It tends to be very aggressive longer than some and cleans quite well with the crepe cleaners available for such a purpose.  Stands up to the heat of a prolonged run.  I will buy more when I get through the box.
This will clog just as fast as any other paper I've used on shellac.
The purple belts does me the best job they last a long time I will tell my friends to get the purple belts
These may cost a bit more but they last and save time not to mention money.  Use them to remove material that has not been coated with any type of VOC poly or paint and they will outlast other types of belts.  They are too good to use in a situation where heat and goo will clog the grit .  Better to use a cheap belt first then go to these for efficient quality removal.  Clean the belt often with a belt cleaner especially if you think it is getting so hot that it is melting the finish instead of abrading it.
I don't know what I and my guys would do without having this for our finish work in remodeling places.  It so convenient and the price is right.
if you are doing a large project this is the most cost efficient method for sandpaper. only downside is you must cut it in the right form to fit your sander.
the adhesive does not stick to wood as much as I would like it to.  The pieces come off too easily.
Paper works fine.  I bought for getting nicked chisels back to a useable state.  Unfortunately when I went to pull it off the granite slap it left all the paper and adhesive behind.  Took quite a while to get off.  I'll have to stay with the 3M version instead.
Been using this product for years. Stands up well. Still need to shop for decent price. Good value although I've bought it cheaper.
I have purchased every grit of Mirka sanding disks from Amazon, and I find them to be good quality.  The price per disc works out to be a great value if you purchase them in packs of 50.I used these disks on my Bosch random-orbit sander.  The hook-and-loop backing is strong and holds on through rough sanding.  The aluminum oxide sanding material lasts for a good amount of time.  I've used them on a variety of wood surfaces, and I have used them to remove paint, and they last long enough to take down a lot of material.  I have bought other brands of sanding discs that do last longer, but the Mirka discs definitely hold up well.The discs are packaged in a sturdy box with a cover, which makes it easy to dispense them as needed.  Also, having them stored in a box keeps them clean, which helps the hook-and-loop function.  This actually helps out a lot in the shop.  Other brands come wrapped in plastic, and you have to find a container for them, or let them sit on a shelf and get full of sawdust.  I appreciate this extra touch.The paper stock is somewhat thin, but this does not really affect their use.  Since they are stored in a box, they stay flat.  Other brands, which are stored in bags, get curled up on the edges.Bottom line: these are good quality sanding discs that last for a good amount of time, are a good value for the money, and are packaged in a convenient way.
Good sanding pads and a good value for the number you get. They work well with my DeWalt orbital sander.
This is my third box of this stuff, and I don't see any reason to buy anything else. I have used a few brands of discs. most are OK. this is as good as any, and better then most. paper is nice and thick and holds up well. the stuff stays sharp. There are better brands, but they tend to be about 75 cents a sheet. This stuff also beats the pants off the crud you get at HD too
I use them everyday, they last long, are strong, give me a good sandpaper and I am happy. These make me happy.
solid product for the price. works terrific on my orbital sander and it's way cheaper than Home Depot or Lowes.
Sands well but seems to clog faster than other brands I have used.  I use a lot of cedar which is oily and that may be the cause.  Oak or other less oily hardwoods might be different.
great paper.this has been my standard for sanding since i bought my first orbital sander.i used up all of my paper but now ive switched over to diablo paper.it fits any 5 inch sander and compared to mirka with shipping diablo is about 25 cents cheaper per pad of paper.it also lasts longer.but either way mirka is just as good just a bit more expensive.
The sanding with this product is very nice and lasts a very long time. Worth the money.Timothy the tool man
The Mirka brand of sanding disks were delivered promptly and in good condition.  The abrasive disks appear to be good quality, and fit the standard hook and loop 5" sanders. I ordered some in several grit sizes and all seem to be of good quality.  I have only used one grit size so far, but it performed well.  The cost of the Mirka disks was lower that several other brands, so if the performance is equal they should be a very good buy.  Since I haven't used them to any extent at present, I can't really comment on how they compare to other brands, time will tell.
In comparing these to the Norton 3x sandpaper, it's obvious that the latter lasts noticeably longer BUT it costs a fair amount more too.  These discs are pretty good, and definitely good for the price.  I make bed frames for a living and just sanded a walnut one with these.  I think I used 3 discs.  Granted, I didn't start at 120 grit (my planer leaves a pretty good finish), but I probably would have used only one of the aforementioned more expensive discs.  But I'm back here buying another box of these because they do a good job and last a decent amount of time, certainly long enough to make them worth it.I won't buy any sandpaper that isn't stearated, disc or sheet or whatever, because it really does make a difference in how well it performs and how long it lasts.  The sheet sandpaper from a certain discount tool store with a boat-dock-related word in its name is a total worthless joke compared to this stuff.
I use these in my Bosch sanding tool and was happy to see them available on Amazon for much less than I pay for them in local stores.
I use Mirka for different grits of sanding - I am very please with this company and than goodness Amazon carries these type products. You will not be disappointed on product nor price. Hope this helps.
I gave these to my daughter, a professional wookworker.  She had them on her Wishlist.  She used them but gave some to me to use.  They worked and stand up just fine.  A good investment.
I have purchased every grit of Mirka sanding disks from Amazon, and I find them to be good quality. The price per disc works out to be a great value if you purchase them in packs of 50.The 220-grit discs do a great job leaving a silky finish on wood.  I use them on cutting boards and table tops, and when you're done sanding with the 220-grit, you are ready for applying finish.I used these disks on my Bosch random-orbit sander. The hook-and-loop backing is strong and holds on through rough sanding. The aluminum oxide sanding material lasts for a good amount of time.  I have bought other brands of sanding discs that do last longer, but the Mirka discs definitely hold up well.The discs are packaged in a sturdy box with a cover, which makes it easy to dispense them as needed. Also, having them stored in a box keeps them clean, which helps the hook-and-loop function. This actually helps out a lot in the shop. Other brands come wrapped in plastic, and you have to find a container for them, or let them sit on a shelf and get full of sawdust. I appreciate this extra touch.The paper stock is somewhat thin, but this does not really affect their use. Since they are stored in a box, they stay flat. Other brands, which are stored in bags, get curled up on the edges.Bottom line: these are good quality sanding discs that last for a good amount of time, are a good value for the money, and are packaged in a convenient way.
This is my 2nd 50ct box of these MIRKA's that I have tried and I think they work well.  They last better than most and the price is good.
I purchased this Mirka product, their assorted grid 50 pack and their wet-sanding 9 x 12 sheets in 4 grids. There are probably better sanding products than these but they are a good enough value.
Inexpensive but the hook and loop lasts longer than the ones I purchase at my local hardware store.I purchased these to finish sand drywall and they do a good job. The holes line up perfect with the holes on my sander. When connected to my shop vac the dust is minimal while sanding drywall.I only wish I could get more life out of each pad. I may be expecting too much from a product at this price point.
I have purchased every grit of Mirka sanding disks from Amazon, and I find them to be good quality. The price per disc works out to be a great value if you purchase them in packs of 50.With the 320-grit, you get an amazing, silky finish on your wood surfaces.  You can stop sanding at 220-grit, but if you take another step to 320, the wood really is beautiful to the touch!  I use these discs all the time on cutting boards and table tops.I used these disks on my Bosch random-orbit sander. The hook-and-loop backing is strong and holds on through rough sanding. The aluminum oxide sanding material lasts for a good amount of time.  I have bought other brands of sanding discs that do last longer, but the Mirka discs definitely hold up well.The discs are packaged in a sturdy box with a cover, which makes it easy to dispense them as needed. Also, having them stored in a box keeps them clean, which helps the hook-and-loop function. This actually helps out a lot in the shop. Other brands come wrapped in plastic, and you have to find a container for them, or let them sit on a shelf and get full of sawdust. I appreciate this extra touch.The paper stock is somewhat thin, but this does not really affect their use. Since they are stored in a box, they stay flat. Other brands, which are stored in bags, get curled up on the edges.Bottom line: these are good quality sanding discs that last for a good amount of time, are a good value for the money, and are packaged in a convenient way.
These discs provide a mirror smooth finish off my Dewalt orbital sander.  Great for an oil or "clear" finish.  The backing on them is high quality and they stay on the sander pad very well.  They don't last quite as long as the Norton 3X brand, but at this price, I'd rather have a fresh disc more frequently anyway.
I use these with theBosch 1250DEVS 6-1/2-Amp 6-Inch Random Orbit Sander with Vacuum Portand they work well. Mirka offers good quality sanding disks at affordable prices thus they have become my standard sanding disk. All in all, a recommended product.
Mirka sanding disks aren't the highest quality -- there are other higher quality brands but cost much more -- but they are good! And for the price they offer a great bang for your buck especially when you know you will be clogging them up.Mirka sanding disks are my go to brand -- good quality at great prices.
I have to admit I was a little skeptical of this product before purchasing it but I decided to order it to put me over the "free shipping" cut-off amount.  I have not been disappointed.  The various heads allow you to put the glue where you want it very efficiently.  The dowel hole heads and pinpoint applicator have been great.  Also the roller head is very efficient for large glue-ups as the glue is distributed evenly and results in very minimal squeeze out.  The only thing you have to stay on top of is cleaning the heads as soon as you complete the assembly of your project.  It is not a big deal and nothing more than running them under some warm water for a few minutes.  You're then ready to go for the next project. I keep it in a convenient spot on my workbench and would recommend it, especially if you are looking avoid to paying shipping charges.
This is simple and straight forward. The roller works very well...I will tell you not to let the glue dry on the roller, while it may not stick to the roller it is not easy to get off once it does dry. When you are done take a couple of minutes and rinse off the roller in the sink.The rest of the attachments are a cool idea but the hassle of changing them out makes them less friendly to use than the standard nozzle on a regular carpenter's glue bottle.  I love the roller and use it all the time and that makes this item worth having but I wouldn't get excited about the other attachments if I were you.
Great gift idea for the woodworker in your life.  I use it often and got it on sale with free shipping.
I've used this to apply woodworking glue to many projects.  I find the roller isn't as useful as using a scrap of wood as a spreader, however the tips are very useful in situations where access is tight or visibility is an issue should dried glue remain.  It's worth the money.
I have used this glue for a number of projects, but it is a little difficult if you have a large area to spread glue on or a complex assembly to line up; it sets fairly quickly and gives you a very strong joint.The biggest gripe I have is trying to clean up squeeze out, especially in inside corners.  A wet towel will pick it up if you work quickly, but that tends to spread a thin coat of glue on a wider area.  Scraping the wet glue up with a little shingle seems to work a little better.  After it is dry, the wood that has even the smallest amount of this glue on it will not take stain evenly.  The only solution is to sand or use a cabinet scraper to get to a layer with no glue.Overall, this is a good, strong, versatile glue, but you should try to limit squeeze out to avoid cleanup problems.  If you are going to paint your project, it is no problem, but if you want a natural wood look, this looks unnatural.  I prefer polyurethane glues that do take stain (such as Gorilla, available on Amazon) when doing natural wood projects.  Polyurethanes are also better all weather glues.  They have a whole different set of quirks which I explained in my review of Gorilla Glue.
This glue seems to be a staple amongst professional woodworkers.  I like the bottle design, which squirts the glue in a more controlled fashion and is easier to clean.  Here is my summary of pluses and minuses:1.  This  glue is very strong.2.  The glue sets very quickly, so you have less  working time.3.  If you get a lot of squeeze-out, it's difficult to  clean the glue off the wood.  Heavy sanding is necessary to remove traces  of the glue.But if you are careful, this glue pays off.
Good:  Extremely strong bond.  Versatile over many types of surface applications. I glued the foam back together on a set of Oakley ski goggles two days ago.  Slope tested yesterday, it worked excellent.Neutral:  Water activated.  You have to wet one side before applying it.  Limited shelf life-squeeze the air out each time, and next time I'd probably buy the 4oz version  unless you're using it constantly, because it goes a long way.Bad: Foams a lot for a glue, and has a tendency to squeeze out from tiny cracks under compression.  This means you have to sit and monitor it and wipe off the foam as it comes out.  Silly boy you say, just use less glue....I did!  I had about twenty feet of a finished wood extender to put on our new kitchen cabinets to we could get the crown molding to fit.  By the end, I'd learned to put the glue on towards the back of the piece so it didn't squish out the front, and was using a very thin bead as well.Bottom Line:  If I had two pieces of something to glue together and didn't worry about seeing some glue lines, I'd reach for this.  If I had something I planned on showing a finished face on, I'd use regular wood glue.  Depending on the strength I needed, I might use this, but I'd be very, very careful, otherwise you could wind up with a hard foamy mess on a finished surface.
This type of Gorilla Glue is a reasonable glue for crude jobs where you wish to fill small cracks.  It is not a good glue for situations  you want to sand over wide cracks to get a smooth surface.Gorilla Glue 50008 is a urethane glue, so it resembles honey.  It is sticky and messy.  The cap on this particular product can be conveniently left attached to the bottle by a plastic strip so you won't loose it,  but if you leave it attached  you'll find the cap inconveniently springing back in front of the spout as you are squeezing out glue.The fact that urethane glue is messy  is significant because it sticks well to skin and won't completely wash off even before it hardens.  On your skin it quickly picks up dirt and becomes a dark crusty patch.  You end up with hands that look lilke a mechanic's but you can't wash them like a mechanic - not with  Lava Soap, mechanic's hand cleaner, acetone, or  brake fluid cleaner.  Gorilla glue has never irritated my skin.  It's just a cosmetic problem.  You have to let it wear off, which takes about 4 days.  There is no practical way to clean Gorilla Glue out of fabrics.  If you want to keep your hands clean, put lotion on them and use rubber gloves.  Expect drips of glue to fall on the work table and on the floor and remain sticky for hours.Like honey, Gorilla glue becomes viscous in cold weather.  When the glue gets cold,  seconds tick by before you can begin to squeeze glue out of a half empty bottle because you must wait for it to flow down to the spout.  So it's best to store the glue indoors.With its cap on, Gorilla Glue stores well for months.  Getting the cap off may require a gentle twist with pliers, but the spout and cap are a durable plastic and they can take it.  The dried sheet of glue on them comes off cleanly.  (For this reason, I don't recommend trying to glue such plastic with Gorilla glue.)The scenario for a good glue job with an old fashioned hide glues is well known.  The things to be glued are supposed to fit together "naturally" and tightly.  There aren't supposed to be cracks.  The pieces should have "clean dry" surfaces.  You apply glue to both surfaces.  You spread the glue out o a even film on both surfaces, not simply squirt a squiggly bead of glue.  The surfaces are clamped together with the "appropriate pressure".  This means they aren't clamped so tightly that it builds up stresses that will spring apart when the clamps are released.  You can wipe excess old fashioned glue off when it is wet.  Some say it is easier to wait until the glue is leathery but not hard and peel it off with a chisel.Some of the old fashioned scenario doesn't apply to urethane glue.  It's best that pieces  fit together naturally and tightly.  Gorilla glue tolerates moisture and, in fact, the directions say that the surfaces should not be too dry.  Ideally one would spread the glue evenly on the surfaces, but this is a messy job.  Since Gorilla glue foams as it dries, it somewhat spreads itself out.  It doesn't spread to a miraculous extent.  If you pull apart surfaces that were glued with squiggly beads of glue, you will find patches that are bare.After you clamp pieces together you can wipe off excess Gorilla glue and this somewhat helps in the final cleanup.  However, more glue will ooze out as you wait for the glue to harden and that  takes overnight.As well as flowing for a long time, urethane glues foam.  Gorilla glue foams slightly more than Elmer's "Ultimate" urethane glue.  (Urethane glues don't foam to the extent of urethane foam sealants that you buy in spray cans.)  You have to clamp things together securely or the foaming action will push them apart.You cannot wait till Gorilla Glue is leathery hard and peel the excess off because after a blob gets a hard surface the inside remains tacky for a long time.The hardened foam of excess glue is dense.  It's tougher than styrofoam.  A belt sander makes quick work of sanding it off if you sand it all off. (If you only sand the top off the foam, you'll just expose the insides of thousands of glue bubbles.)  In places you can't reach with a sander, excess glue can be chiseled off., but it leaves a fuzzy reside that must be sanded off by hand.  You can leave the excess glue if you aren't concerned  about appearance, but direct sunlight darkens it  and makes it deteriorate.I often use Gorilla in simple carpentry projects that are held together with both screws and glue.  I trust the screws to hold things together.  The Gorilla Glue mainly serves the purpose of filling the gaps in joints that are too small to fill with wood filler.  I find it a good product for this purpose.Gorilla Glue sticks to itself unlike glues like Titebond.  Theoretically, you can touch up a Gorilla Glue job by adding more glue.  I never do this since I'm not relying on Gorilla Glue to hold things together.I rate Gorilla Glue 4 stars out of 5 as a filler of small cracks.
1) Elmers "Ultimate High Performance" is a Polyurethane (PU) glue and it's as good as Gorilla (another PU Glue) (As far as I can tell) but cheaper. also used the PL brand glue and can't tell any notable difference between the three. Have not used Sumo and from what I understand it sets up faster and as a result apparently has a much more limited shelf life (this is generally not a good thing - see item #2)2) This has a limited shelf life and you probably don't need as much as you think. PU glue foams up and you use a LOT less than other types of glue. 4 oz should be more than enough for most people, 8 oz is a BIG bottle - I can't even imagine buying the 16 oz bottle. PU Glues suck moisture out of the air so unless you plan on using it up within a year or two, a LOT is going to go to waste. Don't ask me how I know this.3) PU Glue is FANTASTIC for lots of things but woodworking glues are still better for woodworking. They are stronger and you can't clean PU glues up with water the way you can even with the waterproof Titebond products. Also if you use biscuits you will have to moisten them separately to get them to swell.4) KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN AND ANIMALS! PU glue is waterproof and will swell and harden inside the digestive tract creating a blockage. There is NO antidote and surgery is typically the only solution. There have been MANY cases - just search Google "Dog Gorilla Glue" Wear gloves (rubber or vinyl) and use lots of wax paper.5) Aliphatic wood glues (Like Titebond II) are still better for wood to wood bonding. Fine Woodworking did a test (Issue #192) and found Polyurethane glues to be about half as strong.[...]If you've found this review helpful, please let me know!
I bought two of these inserts and have already put one to use. They are well built and appear to be a quality product.
I have a DW745; this insert is advertised for other models but the manufacturer includes the DW745 on the instruction sheet.. Another reviewer explained why - when the DW745 blade is extended to its highest point the trunion hits the insert and pushes it out. The remedy is to route out a cavity matching the one on the original metal insert. Leecraft doesn't mention this but should for safety reasons or it should route the cavity in the manufacturing process. .My insert was damaged; it appeared to have been dropped. One of the tabs on the end was mashed and partially broken off. I didn't see it before I opened the package and the broken tab wasn't in the sealed package. I presume it happened before it was placed in the package.Neither of these issues will impact my use of the insert. I have no reason to run the saw with the blade at its highest point with a zero clearance insert for anything I do. I can easily route out the cavity if I ever do. The insert fits well and is otherwise of high quality and should suit my needs for a long time.
Nice product overall. One little issue with it is that it has the fit adjustment screws only on one end and one side. (not to be confused with the height adjustment screws - which are fine)  This means when you adjust it for a tight fit it pushes the insert against just one side and one end. I have a DW744 (Dewalt) table saw and the cutout for the insert is a little rough on the sides. The insert rides up a little as you push it sideways with the one screw. I had to grind off some of the rough casting areas on my table top with a Dremel tool to get a snug fit. It just irks me when manufacturers settle for &#34;good enough&#34; when they could approach perfection so easily. It would be a simple fix to put a screw on both sides and both ends for fit adjustment (for us who live in a less then perfect world).
UPDATE: I have cut a slot on the back of this plate so that the riving knife will slide in. It still works just fine with no flexing.**********************ORIGINAL:I bought this for the DW745 table saw. The unit IS compatible with the DW745, it says so right on the packaging. BUT it requires some router work for proper safe use with the DW745 type 3. Maybe it worked without modification for the DW745 type 1 or type 2, I have no idea.On my DW745 type 3, when the blade is raised to the top height the motor housing comes up very high, just about 1/4 from the table top surface. This insert is about 1/2 thick so it interferes with the motor housing when the blade is raised. The motor housing will push this throat plate UP, causing a potentially dangerous situation of blade binding or worse! The DW745's factory throat plate (insert) has a cutout/notch on the underside so that the motor housing comes up and into the notched-out portion of the insert. This Leecraft insert does not have that same notch/cutout, so I used my router to make a cutout, using the the factory insert as my measurement reference.Since the insert is extremely sturdy to begin with, this additional notch did not compromise the plate at all. It is just as stiff and flat after the modification.Now, it works beautifully. It deserves 5 stars on performance BUT I would have liked to know that such a modification was necessary so I'm giving it a four. I could have easily ruined my blade, insert and/or workpieces!Also, the color is not red. Mine is a tan color with a speckle pattern, it looks just like it was cut out of a kitchen counter.As a sidenote: you can easily slot the back of this plate so that the riving knife will slide in. There's nothing in this design that will prevent you from doing that. The plate is so thick that such a slot will probably not cause ANY flexing anyway. However I am not going to bother.
I purchased several of these a couple years ago, they fit well, but as noted by other reviewers you can't use your splitter and gaurd when using these inserts. Plus if you cut a lot of dadoes, you need one for each size. About 6-8 months ago I discovered Betterly Tru Cut inserts. These are made from high quality machined aluminum, made to fit your saw. The blade section has a removable phenolic insert. While the main insert  cost's twice what the Leecraft does, you only buy it once. The phenolic inserts come two to a pkg and cost half what the Leecraft does, so if you need a lot of inserts, I do, then you come out money ahead with this system. The winning part of this system for me, was that you can still use your blade gaurd and splitter, as the insert is milled to fit your specific saw. Therefor it is grooved to accept the factory guard and splitter. It has enough adjustments on it to keep even the most [...] level nut happy and locks into the saw table with compression. It is very solid. The fit and finish are excellent. Changing inserts is a breeze and you don't have to go thru the leveling routine every time you change an insert. If you only need one insert then the Leecraft is probably a good deal, but if ya need more go with the Tru Cut.
The picture is missing small fins that could be mounted to both sides of the body of the unit and act as horizontal featherboards.  The magnet is remarkably strong but the same trait also makes it hard to fine tune the position of the featherboard once it is stuck on the saw table.  Otherwise, it is a fine accessory to have for your table saw or router tables.
If you've got a lot of wood that's the same width to rip, this featherboard is a great help!  It locks onto an iron table like a suction cup, and is hard to move without using the built-in cam.  The built-in cam makes it easy to move when you're ready to reposition it.Here are the only things I don't like about the product:1)  If you're not doing a lot of repetitive cuts, it's sometimes more trouble than it's worth to set it up.2)  If there's ANY dust on your table, the effectiveness is immediately reduced.3)  The plastic holddown makes a loud SLAP sound when you push the wood past it.  You get used to it, but it does cause one's attention to be diverted sometimes, and that's not great.Having said all those negative things, however, I'd rate the tool 4 stars out of 5, and I use mine on my table saw at least 2 times a week.
I received this feather board for Christmas 2005 and have already used it on one project.  Because I already own the Bench Dog feather board, and liked it pretty well, I used that as a benchmark to compare this model.First the good:1. The magnetic base is very strong yet releases easily with the tilting lever.2. The flexible strip that puts sideways pressure on the board you are cutting is stiff enough to do its job, yet flexible enough to bend easily when adjusting the unit.3. The price is fair for what you get.As for bad marks...1. I am disappointed in the flexible strip that holds the workpiece down to the table.  It is not adjustable for height and seems to be pushed to its limit while cutting anything that is a full 3/4" thick.  If you have thicker stock you will have to remove this for the cut.2. When using on the table saw as I near the end of a cut, when the end of the board slides out from under the hold down there is a startling "SNAP" noise made as the plasic hold down slaps onto the saw table.  Of course you never see that coming because your eyes are on the blade where they should be.Overall, I like this tool and have found it to be great for jointing the edge of panels that are usually a challenge on the jointer.  As for table saw use, its not a terrible design by any stretch of the word but I much prefer the Bench Dog feather board for that application.
I used to swear by these and had them on my saw at all times, even used them on just about every cut I made.That said, when placed in front of the cut, they will always get in the way of you pushing the material...When mounting in the back of the cut, it always got in the way of the riving knife, blade guard, or pawls...And if attempting to install anywhere in between, then beware of the blade itself...This is becuase 99% of my cuts are thinner rips, these are less problematic when use cutting large sheet products.Ive finally compromised in removing my pawls, and only installing one wheel in the back of the blade.And feather boards on the front where they wont be in the way as much as these tend to be.It took a new saw upgrade to even bother to make the change, but im very patient.They do a great job of pushing the stock down to the table and pulling it in to the fence.Probably saved my behind without me even knowing it, but you have to negotiate your particular set up.Still, Im glad I got them way back when.
A must accessory for any table saw
Yes, anyone who might need this device could build it! I build one out scrap 2x4 a few years back for a specific project. This one is more compact,easier to use, much lighter, and in a well thought-out configuration. I, far-and-away, prefer to use jigs to make things then to build jigs.
I didn't give this item a bad review, because it is well made, and seems very rugged. Unfortunately once I had the item in hand I realized that the way it is designed to work you cannot use it on a small homeowners saw, or to cut very long pieces. Just keep this in mind. Mine is useless to me, with a bench top saw I could only cut a 12" piece using this tool.
I bought this tapering jig prior to tapering my first table leg. It was inexpensive, I was inexperienced, 'nuff said.  The surprise came with its performance.  Although I am confident that I could bend this thing in half  if I was in the right mind, it does a really good job of guiding my  workpiece through the saw.  The adjustment feature is simple and easy to  use, but the &quot;graduated scale&quot; is a bit hard to use accurately.  To set it up, I simply adjust it by eye and then measure from the blade to  the trailing edge of the guide.  This trial and error usually takes no more  than a minute or two, and the jig stays locked on my final setting for as  many cuts as I need to make.  Although there are nicer, more expensive  versions out there, you cannot beat the value for the money with this tool.
Very useful tool and make well enough to withstand use. This model is intended for shorter materials up to 24&#34;.
Great item for saving your fingers when cutting close to the blade. I only wish it was a bit thinner to get cuts closer between the blade and fence.
A push stick will help keep your fingers away from table saw blade.The handle on this one has a nice shape and the notch makes gripping thick wood easy.  If you do a lot of thin or long material you may want to look at a  Stots push stick (Amazon sells those too).
The feather board is supposed to lock down in the miter T-slots with these flimsy square stamped 'nuts'. I couldn't get those to work, but the standard (non T-slot) method pulls a cone headed screw up that pushes the plastic out and this holds very well. The featherboard is not as strong as a wood one but it seems to hold pretty well, how much force do you need to hold the wood against the fence? (I'm responding to the negative reviews here). The push stick is a necessity for a table saw, the push block would be more useful for a jointer (which I don't have) than for a table saw, but I've used mine when dadoing small stock. Overall - happy with this starter set.
Works good, even though they look cheap, they perform well, and save your fingers, and prevent kickbacks.  Cheaper than having a visit to local ER.
If you don't have any of these, buy this set, and buy it now.  Don't risk your fingers or health.I use the push block on the tablesaw and jointer.  The featherboard I use on the tablesaw, bandsaw and router table.  The  pushstick is used on the tablesaw and the router table.  These tools will  get used a lot.The only draw back is the push stick is not great for  thin material.  For thick material it works fine.  I like something more  like the Stots push stick for thin material.
I could have bought this blade at hundreds of outlets but Amazon had a good price and I got free shipping. But even at full price this blade is worth every penny. I've had mine on my Delta saw for about 6 months. Don't try to run this blade on a low power saw. It really needs full sized power to cut well and not burn. It will cut glue-line smooth in many hardwoods, especially closed-grained woods like maple and cherry. But in soft wood I still had to plane the edge smooth for gluing so keep your jointer plugged in. In oily wood it has a tendencey to want to burn but it's not too bad. A fellow woodworker has used his for five years and it still does not need sharpening. A good product. One addition, this blade as good as it is, is made even better with the addition of stabilizers.
first some background: i got a new ridgid miter saw and used it for a while. i replaced the stock blade with a freud 12" crosscut blade and was blown away by how smoothly it cut.after the stock blade on my new bosch table saw got a little dull i decided to upgrade to this one. i used it right away to rip a piece of 2x4 douglas fir. i wasn't too impressed. it left a smooth cut, but didn't make the cut any easier on the motor. out of curiousity i went with a freud 24 tooth rip blade. i found it to be an easier cut, but it wasn't as smooth on crosscuts (which makes sense since it wasn't designed to crosscut). my conclusion in these tests is that the forrest blade is nice if you have the power of a cabinet table saw, but probably won't work for those of us who can't shell out 1k for a table saw. it's freud for me from now on.
Cuts great.  Very sharp. No wood burn on long rips.  Blade was off by 4/1000 when measured with a dial indicator.  Much better than my previous Freud blade, but expected a little more accuracy at this price.
I got the Woodworker II about 1 week ago for my Jet contractor table saw. Before I used the blade, I first tunned up my table saw using a micrometer, to make sure my review would be less biased.I set the blade to be within 3 thousandths to the miter guage. Then I tuned up the fence to miter slot to be within 1/1000th with a micrometer.  After this the blade cut well, but didn't sound any quieter (that some people have reported)I compared the blade vs. my Dewalt 3215  10" blade. The Dewalt blade is supposed to be designed to be as good as the Woodworker blade. I choose pine since softwoods are actually harder to cut smoothly than hardwoods (that's why woodworker's like hardwoods - they machine easier).To the feel of the hand I found the cuts to be the same.  Using a 10x loupe I found the Woodworker II to be a slightly better cut. However, one could definately see the circular blade marks from either blade with the loupe.  To the naked older(50's) eye, you have to look at the cut in strong light holding the wood at a sharp angle to the light to see a hint of the marks.The carbide teeth are slightly larger on the Wodworker II vs Dewalt, so it should last longer (if you are one to get your blades resharpened).  The blade comes with a nice 3 page "how to get the best out of your new blade" instructions.  DeWalt simply has "how to use" on the back of their packaging but their printing process is less legible.If you can get the Woodworker II discounted below the normal price, then I think it should be considered. However, the Dewalt Series 40 blades are very good too, and tend to be more reasonably priced.
Forrest blades are always well-made but I would suggest you purchase their latest blade as this one will leave triangle shaped bottle that you must flatten out with a chisel. Forrest has redesigned their news blade with flat tooth to remove the triangle shaped wood.
I bought this after reading all the positive reviews because I literally have a ton of hard maple to rip and am building lots of cabinets requiring furniture grade ply. I want accurate cuts with no tear out.The carbide tips feel and look of premium quality.The blade is noticeably heavier than my other 4 blades.  The heft of blade compared to others probably accounts for half of the ripping power this blade offers do to its rotational mass. It would slice your finger off with no problem. Over all I have used it for 2 days of cutting so far and definitely notice a difference over my other premium blades that I had bought before spending the money on this.I am using a crosscut sled to cut my cabinet bottoms and stretchers to exact length. When using this I am getting tear out on the bottom of the plywood. I did not get this tear out with my other 60 tooth blade. It is noticeable. However, when not using the cross cutting sled and ripping the same plywood it saws flawlessly through the wood.My feed rate has increased with out a doubt. It leaves a good edge on the  maple and certainly a better cut than the 24 tooth blade I was using before.Is it the all in one blade??? I would have to saw no. I am not all that satisfied with the crosscut on ply. It does the job just fine on hardwoods though.So all in all, if you are using this for hardwoods it is exceptional. If you are ripping, this blade is perfect. My only beef is that the crosscut on plywood is not where I need it to be. I will use my 60 tooth for this.Overall I believe it is a great addition to my shop and it will be in the saw 75 percent of the time. I am suprised more people do not have this issue.And yes, it is a zero clearance kerf on the sled.
This blade rips 3&quot; stock just as effortlessly as it crosscuts 1/2&quot; stock.  It is fairly quiet and does leave silky smooth crosscuts.  Cuts in formica or delicate veneered plywood are perfectly splinter free.  No tendency to kickback.  Rip cuts, however, are not always smooth and do  often require jointing; not that I know of a better blade, but for me this  is not the miracle blade it is stated to be.  I really don't think the thin  kerf is worth all the hassle and would definately buy the 1/8&quot; next  time as the stabilizers are pricey and interfere with the throat insert  (especially a zero clearance).  I had to shift my table to allow even the  standard insert to fit, then I routed out the bottom of the zero clearance  insert for clearance at max depth and now I curse whenever attempting to  utilize the kerf for a rabbet or such.
I've been using this blade as well as it's thin kerf model for about 3 years now.  I also have a couple of Tenryu Gold Medal blades that I've been using for the same amount of time.  The Forrest rips a bit faster, while the Tenryu cuts quieter and smoother, especially on cross cuts.  Both brands are high quality, but for my most demanding, finest projects, the Tenryu is my go to blade.  An added benefit is that it's a bit cheaper than the Forrest.  If you already have a Forrest Woodworker II or are looking for an excellent table saw blade, I'd seriously consider the Tenryu Gold Medal.  It might just make you set aside the Forrest for those less demanding jobs.
My first purchase of real quality blades from Forest.  These reviews seem to come to early in my opinion.  But so far, I am pleased with the results.
I bought this stiffener to try to reduce some tear-out that I was having on the bottom side of melamine during cuts on my table saw.  Usage of the stiffener did not eliminate the tear-out, but it did reduce it by around a factor of 5.
I can't complain about this dampener too much, except to say that it will diminish the depth of your cut... you won't be able to raise your blade as high as before (it'll hit your throat plate).  That's the only complaint.Now... on the positive side... well, gee... if you're using a Forrest blade and you haven't warped it or something, the blade's cutting wood like hot butter anyway... So why use this?  I've noticed no perceptible difference when the dampener is attached, yet still... I leave it on.  I guess it gives me a little more security knowing that my blade is more rigid than without it.  But does it improve the quality of the cut?  Not as far as I can tell, and I cut a lot of hard, white oak.Still, if it protects your blade at all, it's worth having... if nothing else, for the extra peace of mind.
This is a great product, especially for the thin kerf saw blades. The cuts are super smooth. However, it does limit the depth of cut and it must be removed to use the entire available depth of the saw blade for deeper cuts.
I have been using Forrest blades for over 35 years and have always had nothing but the best service from the blades and the company. Last year I replaced one of my old 12" Freud 96 tooth black coated chop saw blades with the 12" Forrest Chopmaster blade. Could not sharpen it any more. Before I baught the Chopmaster, I tried the new red coated Freud blade and it is not as good as the old black coated Freud blade. Don't no why, just not as smooth or as clean as the old black blade? The Chopmaster cuts as clean or cleaner than the old Freud blade with a lot less effort. The only problem is that the Chopmaster will tear out when the blade exits the back edge of red oak. The bottom is chip free, and the cut is polished, just chips the back edge. It will not tear out on maple, cherry, white pine or any other wood that I use. Never had this problem with the old Freud blade. I guess I'm just picky! Except for this one little thing, I love this blade and I hate not giving a Forrest blade a 5 rating.
This one cuts great and stays sharp longer than the other blades I've used.  But it is spend'y.  Smooth, nearly no splitter, cuts with a polished edge that needs little to no sanding.  I can't compare it to a Ridge Carbide and Tenryu blades yet, but it has equal or better cut than the Freud sliding miter saw blade, and it holds its edge longer.  I'll compare it with the RC and Tenryu blades when I get them and update.
I've been using this blade quite a bit over the past few weeks and I'm a bit on the fence about it.Mind you, I'm a new hobbyist, so this is just my opinion from my own experience, comparing it to the Makita blade that came with my slider.Firstly, for some reason I feel like I'm using a specialty blade for everyday use and that doesn't sit well with me. Every time I use it I feel like I'm dulling it and should be saving it for special occasions. When I use my rip blade on the table saw it feels more appropriate than using the ATB general blade ... unless I'm doing finer cuts. Maybe I'm being silly?I've noticed a fine tearing on the top of every cut with this blade, which surprises me. I've experimented with a narrow scoring cut, followed by the final cut, thinking it was from the blade coming up through the piece and cutting on the up stroke. I really don't remember seeing this with my Makita blade. The cut surface is very smooth, no doubt. Cutting 3" maple left a surface that requires no sanding.It does take noticeably longer to cut with this blade.Overall I do like the blade, but it might take me a few more years of experience to become more versed in the differences and suggested uses. i just assumed that buying a really expensive blade would leave no doubt. I don't know if this review will help you, but I guess if I'm not blown away you may not be either. Just my opinion.EDIT: I happened to notice in a Forrest ad yesterday a phrase bragging about the lack of splintering on the bottom side. Got me thinking. Remember how I said I'm still green? Well, I tried it this morning and noticed that the bottom side is indeed super clean. The splintering does happen (as suspected) as the blade is exiting the wood from the top. So now I have to assume that it's just common sense to cut with the face side down. I wasn't aware of that and will try that from now on.
This is typical Forrest quality, but this Dado-King set does not cut a flat-bottomed Dado.  At each edge, there is a slight &quot;ear,&quot; which is deeper than the rest of the bottom.  This is where the teeth of the outside blades cut the edge.  That's the negative side of this blade.On the other hand, it cuts with very little tearout, even on plywood, and is very easy to set up.  It also comes with very good instructions that take the guesswork out of how many chippers to add to get the desired width.Overall, a great set... but with a slightly different grind on the outside blades, you could have a flat-bottomed dado, and that would make this a 5-star set.
The unit seems to be well made and after buying over a hundred dollars in fittings, I had to use duct tape to make it work with myKobalt shop vac. Disappointed to find that none of the vacuum systems have the same fittings.
I got this about a month ago and took it with me to HD and L's to find a matching trash can. The jet unit seems to be better made and more rigid then other dust separator units I had looked at. It has 2 foam gaskets, one on the outer edge and one about 2 1/2 to 3 inches from the edge. I found that the inner gasket fit the 30 gallon Rubbermaid Brute plastic container with about 3 inches of overhang all around. I tried the 44 gallon Brute container and voila! It fit perfectly on the outer gasket with no overhang. I bought the 44 gallon container with the optional wheeled dolly, connected it to my Delta 50-760 1 micron collector and now have what I think is the perfect 2-stage home-shop dust collection system.A couple of other things:- You need to use a good quality 4" hose to thread into this to get an airtight seal. The thinner collapsable hose will leak. No clamps are needed with good hose and you'll get a good airtight fit.- It's easy to bump this off of the trash container when the system is off. I used a cheap c-clamp to hold it in place on the trash container, hence the 4 stars. Jet should include something to keep this centered on the trash container.- It's amazing how well this thing works! I had to open it up a couple times to look because there was no dust in my collectors bag!- Much easier to empty (especially with the wheeled dolly) than the usual fight with the dust collector bag.
I got this separator for my Jet DC-1100.  First let me say that it doesn't look exactly like the picture.  The holes look more like Lee Valley's 'Veritas' lid.  The intake into the dust collector is dead center while the intake into the can is on a drastic angle to form a "cyclone" effect.  Mine was $41 from Amazon with free shipping...I see it's $28 from some other vendors now.  I think it's really worth about $28 in materials.  It's worth more than $41 in value.  I looked at the other lids that are basically a 90 deg. PVC elbow imbedded in the lid.  This one is a lot more aerodynamic.  It is a large lid.  The largest diameter can it fits is about 23.5-24.5", while there is a second internal ring that fits cans around 21.25-22.25".  Even the 30 gallon galvanized steel trash cans I found are closer to 20.5".  I did find that Rubermaid Brute 44 galon trash cans are a perfect size (although I haven't tested their implosion resistance so I can't say anything about that).  And with horse country all around me, my local Tractor Supply has very thick (nearly 1/2") plastic feed barrels that are 24" diameter, tall and very durable.  About $20-25 will get you a nice can.  That's what I chose.  I figured it'd be quieter than steel anyway.  Back to the lid...it's got a foam gasket that has qualities of memory foam (slow to bounce back but shape conforming).  I have high quality ( a.k.a. expensive) 4" clear flexible tubing and it does "screw" into the holes.  It could be a little more snug in my opinion.  I will probably rig something to make the fit a little more air tight.  All-in-all I would still buy this again...or the Veritas because there's not much else out there without dropin some $$$ on a real cyclone.  If you have a dust collector and can't fit or afford a cyclone this is a relatively cheap upgrade.
I had a choice in hose selection when planning out my DC system. I figured I needed about 50 feet in connection my 6 pieces of equipment. I could either purchase this hose or 5 ten foot lengths of the &quot;other&quot; black hose. I bought this 50 foot hose and one ten foot section for comparision. I'm glad I got this hose.Granted, the 50 foot hose is not as thick, but it is thick enough and sturdy enough for all my applications. It is much easier to work with, more flexible. For the price, this hose is the way to go. Even in cutting the hose, I had to poke a hole thru the hose with a pointed pair of scissors. The semi-blunted end of the wire cutters would not poke a hole in the hose!!The ten foot hose has to be cut in the exact length needed, it will not collapse if cut too long. If cut too short...... The 50 foot hose will collapse, and if you have a machine on coasters, then when properly planned, will expand when the machine is used. The 50 foot hose arrives in a box that is only about 4 feet long, the ten foot hose arrived in a box much larger and is not compacted (it can't be).This hose gives more options, the only negative thing in comparsion to the 10 foot hose is, it is not as rigid, or stiff. Which can be a positive thing.
For the price, you can't complain about this hose.  However, you should know that this hose will not hold up under a lot of suction.  When I put a 4" to 2 1/2" adapter on it want's to pull together.  Like I said though, you can't complain for the price.
This is not a hose that you would even think about for running permanent duct work but if you have mobile tools, are trying different placements for you tools or need a collector line to run around the shop for clean up, then this works great.  I use short lengths of this to run from my blast gates to the tool inlets simply because I have a new shop and have found that I need to adjust placement of my tools fairly often.  If I had used inflexible or expensive hose, I would be reluctant to move them and just made do, but since I bought a box of this, I can leave some extra on each gate and reposition my tools with ease.  I roll out my planer and don't have to connect and disconnect the hose since it simply expands and contracts as needed.  I also have found it works well when you have to run it across the floor (no other way to get it to my table saw) and accidentally step on it.  It collapses and springs back much better than my old ankles do.
Work well for me since I have it, hope it last another year or so since material not tough enough for moving the hose around.
Its not as flexible as the clear stuff and does not have an embedded wire.  But as a permanent attachment to machines you want to have a bit mobile on your shop floor, they are inexpensive and I think rugged enough to survive without getting punctured easily.
Inexpensive vacuum hose that works well in many applications.  Not quite as stiff and strong as the more expensive hose, but I needed some short lengths to connect to some tools, and this worked out just fine. It does not collapse under a strong vacuum pressure. The thin vinyl covering over a spiral wire makes the hose very flexible. Just pull the length you need out of the 4' long box and cut it off. It will require a hose clamp to attach tightly to a hose coupling or tool coupling.
I was a little hesitant in ordering this after reading the initial user reviews here, but went ahead and bought a couple anyway.  After attaching the two quick disconnects to a 10' flexible clear hose (made by Jet), I have been using it on various woodworking machines and my dust collector.  So far, I have not experienced any of the disconnect problems expressed earlier.  Perhaps the problem would occur if a shorter and less flexible hose is used.  But these quick disconnects are a godsend for my small garage shop with most of my woodworking machines on mobile bases.
Its an elbow..what can you say...but really its clean no stray platic...was slightly undersized so i had to wrap a bit of duct tape around it to tighten the seal so I knocked a star off for that
bought this to make a Thien baffle in a metal trash can, and it works awesome. I only had to clean out a little burr in the middle of the elbow to make it perfect.
Like others, I'm not certain what you can say about something like this, so I'll mention what I do know:-It has no holes in it, except on the ends, so doesn't leak air, other than where it should.-It's smooth on both ends, so I can fit it inside of black sewer pipe I've cut into couplers, or into flex hose.-It bends air, which, I believe, most straight pipes can't do.-It doesn't glare under intense shop lighting.-It's ends are not over-sized, so I didn't have to grind anything off to get it to fit in couplers and hoses.  I should note that I, like another reviewer, I had to gasket it with WD-40's companion (duct tape) to insure an air tight connection between it and other four star air handling components.-It doesn't need batteries.Now for the cons:-It didn't come with a free, three horse power dust collector, with a one micron canister filter [and a cyclone extractor].-It didn't come with batteries (but see the last note in the positives above).-It's not clear if this one starts low and bends up to the left, or starts high and bends down to the right.-I had to turn my monitor until I got one that went in the same direction I needed.-The one I got was much bigger than the one in the picture (which turned out to work in my favor).If you can get past the cons, noted above, this will, probably, be just fine for your needs.
I use this as an extension to my Incra router fence. It works perfectly as a connection between the fence dust outlet and my overhead dust hose.
In all fairness, there is nothing &#34;wrong&#34; with this item.  I use it as part of a dust collection system in my shop.  It's just that there is nothing to make it warrant five stars.
ALTHOUGH THIS IS A NICE PRODUCT,I FOUND THE "Y" FITTING TO BE MORE EFFICIENT THAN A 90 DEGREE INTERSECTION.THIS PRODUCT IS PRICED BETTER THAN TH E JETJet JW1017 4-Inch Elbow
As with every T, Y, or any other piece it directly abuts.  I found that 4" PVC has a bit greater diameter and I have a mitre saw, so I cut off a LOT of 2 1/2" lengths and used gorrila tape (great stuff!!) on each of the fittings or Gates to fit.  Can't tell you how many rounds to make, as every piece of PVC pipe seems to be a little different, but at least it is consistant for each piece of PVC.  For me it was somewhere between a round and a half, to half a round, to get a secure tight fit.  These take the abuse well that it takes to get everything tight.
As others have noted, this adapts a 4" hose to a 2.5" hose. Such a step-down is useful if you run larger hose throughout most of your shop then drop down to the smaller house where required. This simple adaptor does that task properly. No problems.
If your worried about this thing fitting STOP !! This fitting fits inside the standard 4&quot; collection hose no problem.As for the reduction end it's also true and mated with my shop vac hose just fine. Here's a little helpful hint.If your having problems with fittings or your dust collection hose has a weird tweek in it and wont fit up under your machine like you want.Use a heat gun or a hair drier to slowely heat up the hose and then position it however you need to. Now get out there and collect some dust.
A long fexible 2-1/2 inch hose makes vacuuming a car so much easier.  This adapter fit my shop vacs inlet snugly making the vac more useful.  The smaller hose wasn't cheap, but it's worth having & using.
Actually, the fit between the bandsaw 4&#34; port and my Shop Vac 2-1/2&#34; hose is really very good.Couldn't beat the price, either.  :)
Well does what it suppose to do...reduce a 4" vacuum hose to a 2 1/2 hose.If you are looking to reduce I would highly recommend.
A little plastic adapter that does what it should.  Buy it if you need it.  Be aware the measurements are the outside diameter of the adapter, so you can't slip a 2-1/2 or 4" OD fitting onto it.
This ended up doing what I wanted but not as slickly as I hoped for.  The description didn't give me a complete picture of how this would work.  I had hoped it would slip over or into the 4&#34; exhaust on my bandsaw, it didn't.  It also is 4&#34; so I cut it down to about 3/4&#34; lenghth and duct taped it to the bandsaw.  My 2 1/2&#34; shopvac hose fits perfectly on the other end.  I'm happy with this arrangment since it kept the price down for the modification.
Combined with a "plumbing-dept" rubber pipe connector, these work well for all my shop tools. The plumber connectors are the key as they are available for every standard size port you might need. They come as 2:2 or 2.5:2 or 2:3.0 etc. They use a clamp on each end so the ports are tight and right. Order several at once or you pay more for freight than the tool !!
This item was a recommended "...people also buy..." when buying the Delta 50-359 12-inch Planer Connect. They do not connect together. Each have the same OD & ID. Searched everywhere for an adapter or PVC pipe with the right dimensions; no luck. Used Gorilla Tape. Works great.
I have several of these on my dust collection system and they work well and does not seem to leak much.  They are solidly built and should last for a long time.  The only minus would be the lip that you put the hose on, it could be a little longer.
A blast to use open the gate air goes through close the gate and it doesn't. It could be slightly tighter so the door stays fully open in the upright position, Lay it on its side and it works better.
I purchased four of the gates to use on my collection system.  They are very easy to use and install. The only thing that I wish that they had was a stop built into them to keep them open when in use in the vertical position.  I had purchased a competitor's gate to finish the system that had this stop in them and it really helps to be able to mount the gate vertically and not horizontally to help keep it open. All in all, it is a great item and recommend it's use to anyone.
for the price these work great they were easy to install and operate, i am able to control the airflow to the different machines in my shop, these are great for a home shop
These are high quality and far better than the band type.These are clean looking and fit over the ridges on the pipe instead of crushing them. They tighten up with a screwdriver or wrench and really sinch down tight.Because the dust collection hose is made with a continuous ridge and not seperate sections. You will have to cross over some ridges on the collection hose but, it still comes out clean.Forget the old rubber hose type clamps and go with these you wont be sorry. Now get out there and clamp some hose.
Its an inexpensive clamp. I use a wrap of half width duct tape on the duct to give the flex hose and band clamp a bit of bite to help keep them attached. Its not a 5 star clamp but it is decent.
Great design and works really well.  I wish it had come with some double sided tape to attach it to the floor, but easy to do myself.
Bought this item to increase the efficiency in my shop and garage and it functions very well for the purpose intended.
The product does the job; no complaints. Mounting tip: Mine is mounted with tape onto a smooth (not polished) concrete floor. To get a great tape seal I first cleaned the floor with a solvent, let it dry, then used shiny aluminum heating duct tape, the kind with a paper backing. That tape has amazing sticking power, and is much better than regular duct tape.
My first impression was that it was too thin and flexible but I've had no issues with durability.  Installed with 3M double-sided auto body tape for a strong tight mounting to a smooth concrete floor (suggest cleaning floor with lacquer thinner, MEK or something like &#34;Goof-Off&#34; first for good adhesion).  Makes shop clean-up a breeze.
In addition to the other comments (which I found to be right on the money), I would add the following. I have been using this tool for about a year mainly to sharpen kitchen knives. I do a lot more eating than woodworking so I thought I would add my experiences with this tool when used specifically for kitchen knives. My knives are both the modern stainless steel and the vintage carbon steel. I use almost every shape and size of kitchen knife, so I've tried this tool on a broad spectrum of knives. When I first started, I used the guide for knives and followed the manual to a "T". This produced good results, however the edge of the knife often had slight changes in angle resulting from trying to maneuver the knife guide up and back to follow the contour of the knife tip. After some experimentation I found that doing the knives by hand and using the angle guide to make sure I'm starting at the correct angle produced the best results. It also allowed the precise control to grind just right so you create a little lip on the opposite edge (just as it is explained in the manual), which is hard to do consistently on any curved surface when using the jig. It is also much quicker than having to put each knife in the jig and re-adjust the depth for proper angle. Additionally, when sharpening long knives with the jig, the buffing wheel often gets in the way when grinding and vice versa. When you have mastered doing knives by hand I think you'll find that it is much quicker and produces better results than almost any other kind of sharpening. Speed is important when you have 30-40 knives to sharpen and you'd like to do something else with your weekend.This machine does make a mess with water and buffing dust just as others have noted, but if that's the price of cool sharpening with the added quality of leather edge buffing I'd rather deal with it than dry grind.
I have been using this system for about 9 months and I am very satisfied. This machine works wonders on straight edge blades such as chisels. But beware, sharpening curved blades, such as knives and plane blades, requires practice to acquire a certain finese.For example, I sharpen my hand plane blades so that they have a slight to substantial curve on them. My scrub plane has a substanial curve while my smoothing planes have a very subtle curve. The curve eliminates the "edge bite" that results when a straight plane blade is used. I use the multi-purpose jig for plane blades and it requires a bit of practice to get a really nice edge. Still, using the Tormek for curved blades is probably easier than water stomes but not much.I bought a lot of the accessories and boy, are they expensive. One of these days Delta will make a knock-off Tormek that sells for half the price. Some of the accessories are great, such as the scissor sharpening jig and the knife sharpening jig.  But who in their right mind would need to sharpen an axe to a razor sharp edge??  Just use your regular grinder.Certain accessories shold be included in the basic package, such as the diamond truing tool, because the wheel WILL become out of round.
I am a professional handyman. I've owned my Tormek now for two weeks and I have sharpened (or tried to sharpen) every blade tool I own (and there are lots).Overall, I like this unit. Compared to the bench grinder / occasional hand sharpen I used to do, this thing is so much better. It can be accurate enough I'm convinced you could resharpen razor blades!Neither + nor -, here are a few things I learned after opening the box:1. The unit is now shipping with a DVD video, not a VCR tape.2. The 100+ page book which comes with the unit does a good job explaining what the attachments are for and how to use them. You can download this book for free from [...]. Wish I'd seen it before my purchase...3. If you are used to a "fixed" support similar to a bench grinder, you'll need to get SVD-110. Most (all?) the other attachments pivot about the Universal Support which makes them useless as a "just plain" support. I found the SVD-110 a much more useful attachment for me than the SVA-170.4. If heavy axes, masonary tools, concrete chipping tools are your concern, the bench grinder gets a "good enough" edge -- and is a lot faster to use.5. If you are not cash short, a second Universal Support will pay for itself in convience. Then you leave one set up for grinding, one for honing.Now the "but" parts ...I thought some design features would have been better handled in such a high-end system. Specifically:1. The power cord is a short 6'. It should be 2 (or more) feet longer.2. There is no flange along the top right edge of the green motor housing (next to the grinding wheel) to catch stray water which spills onto it when you run the blade you are sharpening right-to-left over the stone. There *should* be a 3/4" flange there to redirect that water back into the plastic reservoir cup. As it is, you have to sop up the puddle every few minutes.3. The SVH-60 (chisel attachment) has two problems. First, the screws which hold down the clamping plate are too short by at least 1/2". They open wide enough for wood chisels (~1/4") but not enough for a cold chisel or masonary hammer. Second, while two flanges along one edge are there to assist you in getting the tool perpendicular to the stone, these are often unusable due to the particular configuration of your tool. There should also be engraved on the clamping plate a series of "sight lines" parallel to the stone to help you to visually align your tool.4. The Universal Support bar is too short by 1 or 2 inches. It is easy to inadvertantly run your jig right off the open end. The bar should be longer and, perhaps, a hole should be drilled in it near the end so a T-shaped "stop pin" could be used as needed.5. The SVA-170 (axe attachment) is too small for most axes, though it works great for hatchets. Using 2 wing-nuts and steel slots, the unit should be made to allow both longer and thicker axes. As it is, I decided the unit is pretty much worthless for axes -- and I'm back to the bench grinder for these.I can't comment on attachments other than SVH-60, SVD-110, and SVA-170 as I haven't used them.
I originally purchased this system because I was having trouble getting good symetrical, sharp fingernail grinds on my turning gouges.  The way the system's jigs are set up, its very difficult not to get great results.  All of my turning tools have never been more sharp!  Since then I have purchased other jigs and find they work just as well as the turning tool jig.The only negative thing I can say about it is the price.  Very expensive initially because you'll probably want to get a jig or two along with the machine for your specific needs.
Replacement bit is just that.  If you have the system you probably love it like I do.  I also use a PC pocket hole machine and like the versatility of this system, especially the fact that you can plug the hole.  The only complaint I have is that I dropped my original bit on the concrete floor and it broke in half, luckily I had purchased this one prior and I was able to continue on my project.
I use this tool a lot. I had one break and their customer serve was perfect. I decided to buy a back up.
I've found that the fine threads are more versatile than the coarse.  These screws can only be used in softer lumber and plywoods.  By contrast, if you're careful to use lower torque settings, the fine threaded ones work in all wood types.This screw length is the recommended size for all Kreg joints involving 3/4&#34; to 3/4&#34; workpieces.  An unbeatable price at this volume.
I buy these to use with my kreg jig. Work as good as a screw should i guess.It's so easy to buy and free shipping with prime. I very busy during the day, so it's nice to be able  to sit back and order when it's convenient.
Kreg may have the best screws for pocket jigs.  While other may suffice, these are very good based upon the depth of the wood material you are using. Hope this helps.
These plugs are red oak, and they matched all of my recent oak projects perfectly.  However, the moisture content varies considerably between plugs, meaning that some fit and others are too snug to go in.  The Kreg website suggests microwaving the plugs as a workaround to this common problem, but in my experience that did not work.  As a result, I had to sand some of the plugs, and discard another 5-10% that were simply unusable.Also note that the Micro and HD jigs are not compatible with these plugs.  Kreg used to manufacture micro plugs, but I haven't been able to find those in any stores (including Amazon).
These plugs work great.  I don't think I'd have the patience to cut my own when I need to either hide pocket holes or, use them as part of the design.  As good as they are I've given 4 stars because of price, otherwise they are a 5 star product.
tight enough that they will hold in the hold without glue, not so tight that you will loose the gap around them and the stock they are put in.they come long with the idea of sanding them flush.
I'm ambivalent about exposed, finished (plugged) pocket holes.  Face it, they just aren't as attractive or decorative as, say, exposed dovetails.  The fancied-up project you see in ads with contrasting color plugs doesn't improve things much, either.Plugs DO work ... mostly.  The basic problem is that the edge of a pocket hole is typically not very clean, so while the plug can be seated and glued in quite firmly, the effect at the edges still isn't pristine enough to my eyes to for finish quality.  Other reviewers have commented on the large amount of protruding plug that has to be trimmed & sanded, which I wholeheartedly second.I personally think the best use for pocket hole plugs is for painted work, where the plug can be made completely invisible.
Over all I am well pleased with my purchase.Stand- very well made. Simple to put together.Top-Well made and easy to attach.Fence- Well made, not as easy to put together. The fence is not very difficult but not the easiest part for sure.8 inch ruler that measures depth of fence doesn't say which side to stick it on the metal side, make sure you do the right side. Plastic insert screws with metal nut for holding the sliding part of the fence.  Metal nuts don't fit on plastic screw inserts best in the world.Kreg says that there are two metal plates (supports) to keep the top from dropping. This is true but they are not attached to the stand but attached to the top. Seems it would be  better attached to the stand.Overall I am well pleased and would buy again.
Let me get the zero stars for Amazon out of the way first. To be fair, I have bought a bunch of stuff from Amazon - my first stop for shopping. I've only had to return one other item, and that return was handled perfectly, since I just dealt with their computer system. But this time, I had to deal with their customer service people.I ordered this item, using the Amazon Prime free shipping program. It arrived right on time. There were three boxes in the shipment, one for the stand, one for the table top, and one for the fence. All three had obviously been dropped, presumably by UPS, on a corner. During assembly, it came to light that the table top was smashed on the corner where it was dropped. I contacted Amazon to return it, and the past 2-1/2 weeks has been a nightmare of really bad customer service. First of all, they sent me a UPS paid return label. For one box, not three. I sent an email and asked for them to fix that. They sent me another one, same deal. I then called customer service. Fast forwarding to today, of the five times i have spoken to the Amazon customer service, on only two of those times have I been able to understand the person on the other end of the phone. The rest of the time, it has been someone with a very heavy accent who mumbled.On the first call, they told me to put the whole thing into one box and send it in a single shipment. I reminded them that it was unlikely that UPS would pick up a box that weighed in excess of 200 pounds. So they said that they would have UPS pick it up at my office. Except that they didn't tell UPS to do so. Call #3 got them to actually tell UPS to pick it up. At the wrong address, and only one box. Call #4 got cut off after waiting for 15 minutes to get transferred to a supervisor. Finally, on call #5, I talked to a very delightful lady who seemed to understand what needed to be done. We'll see -- they are supposed to pick it up tomorrow.When the return process first began, they entered a new order for a replacement. It was scheduled to be shipped in June. I can't wait that long, so I told them to give me a refund. Sure hope I get it. In the meantime, I bought this router table at the local Woodcraft store. Paid more, but I have the table in my shop now.Now about the Five stars rating for the product itself. This is a really great router table. I gave this review four stars, because Kreg was partly at fault for the damage mine received. If they had designed their packaging better, the damage probably wouldn't have happened. The padding in the box was a piece of styrofoam 1/4" thick and some corrugated cardboard. MDF is not that sturdy. It needs at least 2" of foam padding.But the table itself is wonderful. The stand is built like an Abrams tank, and the table is a nice size. The fence works exactly like they say it does. Square and easy to use. So the product gets five starts, Kreg gets four stars, and Amazon gets zero stars for bad customer service.Update 5/7/08:  I've used the router table quite a bit now.  It is still as great as I noted above.  I've started to build cabinets and drawers in the stand below the table top, but find there's not a lot of room for that. The sawdust collection is pretty good above the table, but the floor quickly gets several inches deep in the stuff that falls through the opening in the top.  Part of my cabinet plans below the table include a fix for that.It is now about two weeks after I wrote the above review. Five additional contacts with Amazon just resulted in UPS going to the wrong address again to pick it up. But a conversation with the UPS guy at my office may have broken the stalemate. He said he'd be back this afternoon to pick it up.  Grand total contacts with Amazon customer service are now in excess of ten, and the latest advice of the pickup says I may be charged for the return shipping costs.  For a damaged item.Update on 6/25/10:  Now that I've used this router table for a couple years, I still love it.  But, I managed to misplace the two plastic rods that are used to move the left side of the router fence out for special work.  I contacted Kreg to buy some new ones.  Maybe I am cynical, but I was surprised to have them tell me that they would be happy to send me a new set at no charge.  We talked for a few additional minutes and I got some tips on using my router table.  Friends, if you don't have a jointer but find you need one, this table's for you!  Use those plastic rods to move the left fence forward, put in a long straight-cutting bit, align the left fence with the bit, and you've got a jointer.  Works great.  I jointed about 150 linear feet of 8/4 oak and edge-glued it with perfect results.  I may still buy a jointer, but that purchase has gone down in priority.  Thank you, Kreg, for wonderful customer service and product support.And let me add one more item:  Woodpeckers ([..], many items sold on Amazon) sells an aluminum plate to install a Porter Cable 121 portable oscillating spindle sander into a router table.  I bought one of the plates and the sander.  I now have a table-mounted oscillating spindle sander that is the rival of anything Delta or others sell, without taking up nearly as much of my shop space.  Fantastic setup.
When I bought my cheap Harbor Freight table saw (these used to be sold by Craftsman for almost twice the price) I knew better than to expect to do a nickel test.  When I finished tuning it, finally getting the blade square and pulley's aligned, it was still a 'nickel launcher' rather than anything you could consider smooth.  I took off the drive belt and took a closer look and found that it was about 30% thicker at the splice.So I KNEW the PTP would help...KNEW it would solve much of the problem.  And it did... beautifully.  I doubt it would start and stop with a nickel standing on it (at 3hp it snaps to life) but there's no vibration now while it's running.BUT BEWARE:  I bought my PTP in spring, but in Texas, without air conditioning, it's not very enticing to work in my shop during the hottest part of the summer, so I tend to only rush in and out to do small jobs.  I walked in the other day and found I'd left the blade all the way up, which leaves full tension on the belt, and since the motor is heavy and spring loaded, it had stretched the belt and was sitting at the bottom of the range.  I lowered the blade height and oops... no blade spin.Soooo, I took the belt off and removed a link and she's good as new, but I'll have to remember to run the blade all the way down each time so it doesn't happen again!  I'm horrible at remembering to detension my bandsaw as well, so I'm predicting it will happen again.Don't get me wrong, I'm still happy as can be with the little marvel of a belt and will buy them anytime I have a v-belt causing trouble.  I just wanted to pass on this one caution to the other users down in the hot hot summerlands.  Good luck and happy woodworking!Ed
Good:  (1) heavy, beefy, and stable clamp on wood (2) good line alignment visibility.  Could be better, but still is good.  There is a port on the side that allows you to view the white line to align with your wood marking.Bad:  The jig arrived with the center dowel guide (black part in the middle) loose.  I did not know that, and hole wiggled.  I had to tighten up the jig with an allen wrench to make it usable.  This product should have gone through quality check before sending out in this incomplete condition.
I would give this 5 stars except the hole sizes were not engraved on the side as per the description.  I contacted the company and they said they no longer engrave the holes sizes to save money.  I told them they need to change the description.  Even the package it arrived in said the hole sizes are engraved.  I had to put tape on the sides and mark the sizes.
It's not a Leigh, but much better than the [price] DT jig that came with the DT course at Woodcraft.After struggling with the old metal/plastic unit on drawer boxes in the past, and having seven more drawers to do on a new project, I decided to pick up the Porter Cable 12" unit. Several mags have rated it a best buy and it seems to live up to the reviews.Unlike the other unit which had a plastic template, the PC has a 1/4" machined aluminum template. This template requires a 5/8" guide bushing (supplied) and it fits like a glove between the fingers of the template. I measured the clearance on several fingers and they all were within .003-.004. This makes it much easier to use than the old 5/16" bushing and two passes for each finger.Assembly was pretty straight forward and the limited directions proved OK. After adjusting the side stops and template position, I set up the 14 degree, 1/2" bit to the suggested height and made my first cuts. These were somewhat loose so I raised it a 64th at a time until I acheived a snug fit. This entire set-up process took about 60-70 minutes.I then set up and made dovetails in both 6" and 8" Poplar. The joints were all snug and both ends had evenly spaced pins.Overall, I would rate this unit as a very good buy. The fit and finish and the quality of the unit was excellent. I will admit to being somewhat jaundiced, but after my experiences with a somewhat inferior unit, I found the PC to be a big step forward.The unit comes with the required guide bushing and a HSS DT bit.
I've just recently purchased this jig.  My main reason for the purchase was the cost, not too much, but not the cheapest - I'd say that it is the optimal jig based on my experience.  For a little over $100 and free shipping, this is great.  I did have to play with it to fine tune it, but you really should get to know all of your tools this well.  The only thing I don't like is the way you adjust the depth of the cut by turning a lock nut.  This is an extremely inaccurate way of doing things, but unless you change the thickness of the stock often, once you have it set, you will not have to mess with it.  All in all I made beautiful, tight dovetails on about my third go at it.  The features I worried about most were its capacity.  Be honest with yourself, how often will you dovetail boards thicker than 1" or wider than 12"?  While the latter is more plausible, I think if you get to that point, your woodworking is serious enough to invest in a larger jig.  This definately beat my expectations.  I just wish PC would devise a system for guaging the depth of cut on the tails so you were sure that your right and left sides were equal.
The table is heavy, straight, and solid.  Fences came in good condition.  Having the front switch is a nice plus.  (But why can't these folks include an extra switched receptacle for my vacuum?)Mounting my new Porter-Cable 892 Router was easy enough, but one thing was strange:  Porter makes an Extension Handle to allow motor lock/release and height adjustment from above the table.  But, SURPRISE:  They forgot to place the 2 holes in the table top for the adjustments!  They only have holes for another model.  (Mine IS a current model Porter Cable router, so this was a surprise...)  When I called them, they said I can drill out the two holes.  They sent me a paper template and even threw in the Handle for my trouble.  Actually, I have gotten used to reaching in below and I have gotten pretty fast at opening the lever, turning the ht. knob, and closing the lever again.  So I am not sure I will drill the holes...At the same time I bought this, I ordered the mounting base (stand) for the router table to stand alone.  It doesn't look like much-- just a bunch of pre-drilled L-irons and bolts.  But it is very solid and puts the table top at a nice 38" working height.The Table or the Stand should have come with a tool holder for the collet wrench and the miter gauge.  I ended up building a little tool rack from wood, to keep these things handy.For the price, this table is well worth it.  The only other router table I ever used was the Bosch Portable, which is very good but too costly.
First.... It works great as a router table. But it doesnt have a mitre slide holder. It also doesnt have a storage for the extra screws and router hole covers. I had to make my own. also the fence locking mechs could be improved on. I didnt wrench them down good and mine have slid on me. I like the vac. accessorie to remove the chips. The gaurd can be a pain in the but until you figure that out. But if your in a hurry. this thing is already made and ready to go. Just got to work out the details. Be safe and have fun.
As a hobby woodcrafter, I find this table quite adequate for my needs. I've seen the high priced/high quality tables and I'm clear this is not in that league, but for what it is designed for, it does very well.I only have a couple of complaints, but most of them have been worked out so that they aren't an issue.1st, the table casting was rough, so I filed the burrs smooth.2nd, the table top doesn't appear to be totally rectangular, though the infeed and outfeed sides are parallel and that's all I care about.3rd, you only get two insert rings. It would be nice to have at least three.4th, the insert rings don't sit flush to the table, they are a tad short. This only causes a problem with very short work pieces and larger bits.That's about it for complaints. At first I thought the dual fences were a bit fiddly, but I got used to it quickly and can set it up fairly fast.I haven't had a problem getting the fences to lock square to the table. I find using a large rafter triangle really helps speed this process up.I really like the switch located on the outside of the leg as well, that's way nicer than having to reach under every time!My miter gauge and slot seem to work just fine and are square to the fences.Overall a great little hobby table, but probably not to useful for any real production work.
I don't hate it, but then I didn't pay anywhere near the current asking price for it either, so that may have something to do with it. This table is made in Taiwan and the design is probably around ten years old now, so is a little dated. At the current retail price point, there are definitely other much nicer tables with more features available these days.I made a much needed modification to the tables stock fence by removing and discarding the clumsy guard and adding a solid piece of 1X4 maple the full length of the table with slots cut in it and longer 2-1/2" bolts to allow the two piece split fence to attach in front of it, but still slide normally. I also made a half-moon cut out at the bottom center of the 1X4 large enough for up to 3-1/2" raised panel bit and to allow for dust collection. I found that this cut out in the solid fence also has the added benefit of acting like a concentrator nozzle, so dust collection at the cutter actually works reasonably well. With this setup, I can still slide a shim behind the outboard portion of the split fence for use as a jointer and the solid fence board is also removable in case I want to use the stock split fence as is. I can now more easily attach a vertical feather board as well.There are recessed areas or lips cast into both ends of the table for attaching in-feed and out-feed extensions made from 3/4" material. They basically just rest on these lips, so ledger blocks need to be fastened to the lower side of the extensions and then spring clamps installed between these blocks and the underside of router table ends to secure them in place. There's no guidance in the in the owner's manual on how to do this, so you're really on your own here.For me, the large diameter hole in the table to allow use with raised panel bits is the main reason I bought the PC table. I normally have my 2-1/4 HP Makita RF1101 fixed base router permanently installed in it and it seems adequate with most things I use it for. I haven't had any issues with burrs in the table top casting that others have mentioned or with the insert rings popping up during use, even without the fence installed.I find that a stand is almost a necessity with the 698, so it seems a little odd that Porter Cable no longer offers their model 6961 stand that used to go with this router table. A plywood base can help, but it still really needs to be attached to a work bench or something else solid, otherwise, the table is just too light and unstable to be used safely.I managed to find a decent stand from Router Table Depot that I attached a 3/4" plywood top to and then mounted the router table to that.
If you can get a plate pre-drilled for your router I'd go that route, getting the holes drilled just right was a little tricky.
This plate kit is well made and relatively easy to mount in my new router table top.  The company included a good leveling system and reasonable directions.  They should have included the template for cutting the hole.  I used two carpenters squares to make a guide--it worked quite well.
This unit arrived as expected and in good shape. Installation instructions were adequate. All hardware items were present. The unit looks really nice. I found the fence and table to be very accurately made. My Accra miter guage fit the slot nicely after a little adjustment. My PC690 fit the mounting plate well and is held securely. It does tend to get hot in the enclosure after usage. A dust port on the back or side would be nice as would some kind of measurement guage along each side of the table for quicker fence adjustments. It also needs an external power switch and outlet to plug the router into. If you use a shop vac, an additional outlet for that would be nice, too.
After 5-6 Hours Of Labor Intensive Work And Missing 3 Bolts, Along With A Superficial Crack In One Side Of The Router Table. The Hardware Part Numbers Did Not Match Directions And No Miter Gauge Included? Was A Dissapointment! When Finished Setting Up Router Table It Looks Like A Quality Product, Although For All The Hassle Was It Worth The Money?We'll See.
I decided to purchase the Bench Dog to replace my stamped metal router table.  Everything fit together well and the table works great. My only concern is with the plastic router mounting plate. There are numerous "pre-drilled" and countersunk holes in the plate for some of the different routers that can be installed. However, I wanted to install a router (Milwaukee 3 1/2 HP) that didn't have the "pre-drilled" holes. So using the supplied template I made my own holes in the plate.  Some of the countersinks that I drilled overlapped some of the existing holes.  I don't like all the extra unused holes in the router plate because I feel that it weakens it.  I guess I would feel better if I could have used some of the existing holes because it is a lot of extra work to make your own. Also, I still need to drill one more hole for the top adjusting T-wrench.  It would be nice if you could purchase a plate from Bench Dog with only mounting holes to fit the router you want to install.
Beautiful design and easy set up. I love the quality. I added a JessEm router lift to this. I would have bought the Bench Dog lift but it did not indicate that you can change the bit without removing g the router. The JessEm cranks high enough to change bits without router removal.It would be nice if the fence slots had gradations beside them.
If it wasn't for the outrageous price, this would get 5 stars.  The router table was missing a part, but Bench Dog shipped it promptly.  Overall, compared to what else is out there, it is a good buy.
I've had this a few months and I've used it for a number of projects and I have no major complaints.  I have a Freud FT3000VCE Router mounted in it and after I figured out how to mount it, it's all good. I had to drill some new holes in the plastic adapter, but it wasn't hard and only took a few minutes.  It took a while to put the table together, but the craftsmanship is good and it is very solid.  The only complaint I have is that I had to drill holes to mount my router.  That is not really a ding against the table I guess - maybe more of a complaint against the router for not using standard holes.  I'm not a professional obviously, but I do think this is a good product and I'd buy it again.
This router table is made pretty well. I like how solid it feels and how easy the fence is to use. My two complaints are the lack of a power switch for the router (you have to open the front cabinet door to turn it off and on). Also, the screws for the miter fence vibrate out. Other then those two small items, works great.
I built router table and purchased three others and this table is by far the best one yet. The instructions for assembly were clear, the bench set up quickly and within a couple of hours there was sawdust. The four star review is for two minor reasons: although the factory gave me extra parts, I was shy one washer for the rear fence assembly, but performance is not affected. The second reason is while my shop vacum picks up everything, the inside of the box  gets filled with sawdust quickly, so have anything in there absent. While working the bench is steady, does not chatter, and solid. I find this table to be worth it. I am not a patient man, but Amazon won my admiration with the speed of delivery.
I recently purchased the RT-100.  I have some bad news and some good news. Bad news first.  The directions are really frustrating -- mine were photocopies with the left side cut off.  Also, steps in the directions  contradict each other.  I threw the directions against the wall several  times in anger. It uses a set of leveling screws that come up through the  bottom of the table to balance the acryllic insert, and I find it next to  impossible to set them correctly.  As I slide wood across, it gets stuck  where the acryllic meets the table, or it dips suddenly from the infeed  side.  So I go back and re-adjust the leveling screws, but then it's too  high in the front or the back, etc etc etc.  I am using a Bosch 1617EVS  router, which is a light machine, and still it causes the acryllic to bend  and pull a bit. The table does not come with a miter gauge. The acryllic  insert does not seem to be able to accommodate large-diameter bits such as  those for raised-panel doors (horizontal bits) because the hole is just not  large enough. Now the good news.  They have a system of metal dowels that  are inserted into the wood pieces, which accept screws to join the sides  and back of the table together.  This is an excellent, strong system for  joining wood.  I wouldn't mind incoporating such an idea into my  woodworking. I have bought and used a few router tables in the past:  Craftsman, Porter+Cable, etc., and none of them is as solid as this one.  Definitely, the aluminum parts are very nicely made, and the table top is  also very solid.  When it's clamped to a table top, it doesn't move at all,  even when routing long boards.  Also, the adjustable, independent fences  are very nice for setting a zero-clearance cut (but be careful, you can  actually set the fence to hit the router blade!). All in all, I would say  that the company is honestly trying to make a good product.  With a couple  of improvements, I would say this would be top of the line.
I bought one of these used from a buddy. I was surprised at how beefy the construction is. It is made from 3/4" thick baltic birch plywood and is quite heavy. (on the order of 40 lbs.) Everything has been well thought out, and everything is milled with precision.There are only two minor things that I wasn't happy about:1) It didn't include a feather board. c'mon guys. What does it cost to include that, Fifty cents?2) Sometimes the whole cabinet reverberates loudly.I was deciding between this one and the Kreg. This one has a smaller footprint and is made out of nice-looking wood. The Kreg doesn't have the enclosed cabinet, so it is not going to reverberate like this one does, and it includes at least one featherboard. (but costs $10-20 more)If I had bought the Kreg, it would've been just big enough to NOT fit on the shelf under my workbench, so no regrets.
Likes: Good quality. Easy to assemble. Perfectly packaged. Easy to move. Nice storage area under router. Dust collection works well (I have it connected to a Fein Turbo II Dust Extractor). Came with two rods that can be installed behind split fence to join the edges of boards. I use my Dewalt DW618 and it fits just fine. Have not yet put a router lift in. Not sure if I will. It really isn't that big of a deal to change bits or adjust the depth of the router. Fence is straight and can be set up for near zero clearance. Quality materials. The miter gauge slot is an added bonus.Dislikes: The only issue I really have with this table is there is no external switch. You have to open the door to turn off the router. For the price, I think they could have included a paddle style switch on the outside of the table. If even for the sake of safety. I will add one (Rockler sells a paddle switch for $30).I looked at lots of router table options. My shed is my shop and space is at a premium so I knew I had to go with a benchtop model. At first I was leaning towards the Kreg. But the looks and reviews of the Benchdog won out in the end. This is a very nice table and I'm very satisfied with my decision to purchase this over the Kreg.
so I broken down and tried it and I like it...lots good only down side was sometimes had a hard time putting on over 5 gallon buckets...all buckets are not equal it seems...lol I do like it...could use some deeper pockets on the inside and some wider ones on the outside for small drill bit case or stick tape measure  for instance...but all in all a nice unit
This is a Made In China item but I am fairly impressed with it's construction. I would have liked to seen more heavy duty stitching but I haven't broken any yet. As advertised, there are numerous pockets of varying sizes and shapes. There are pockets that will fit larger tools, such as hammers, pipe wrenches, etc. on the inside part of the bucket, but become useless for those larger tools if you insert one or more of the tote trays that are made to fit and stack inside a five gallon bucket. In other words, don't buy the tote trays if you need the inside large pockets. Overall, it's a good system.
Great layout, plenty of pockets for everything you need for the do it yourselfer or tradesmen. I have probably 50lbs of tools in the bucket and still have room for more. One suggestion is a handle for the bucket. Take some foam (pipe foam,like the stuff in bicycle pads, pipe insulation) and cut it to length then zip tie both ends and cover with duct tape. I would give it 5 stars if it had a second tape ring and a second hammer loop and a cover. UPDATE: Its been a year and its still holding up strong. If you take your tools job to job like I do strap the bucket down because if it falls it is a big mess. I have looked at other bucket organizers and found one that maybe better. HUSKY brand at HD has one with more pockets that looks like a better layout but I don't ownthe Husky brand. I can tell you though I have owned 10 plus Bucket Boss brand items and everyone is worth the money.
Fairly well made with lots of pockets for different tools.  Difficult to switch buckets if the bucket handle breaks.
I received one of these at an electrical supply house because I spent more than $250.00. It sat in my truck for about a year and then in my garage for another two years before I even considered it. One day with trouble lights, extension cords, and other miscellaneous tools rolling around I had a eureka moment and got out my dusty bucket boss. Lo and behold the clutter began to dissappear. It does a great job stowing items you don't necessarily want to have in your tool tote. I would prefer to have more of the larger pockets to store wire nuts but I definitely can't complain. Klein makes their version which is very nice but about $40.00 more. A good addition to your garage or work van. Anybody with tool clutter can use one.
I have been buying this bag for years and have always been very happy with the larger one and the Jr. The top opens very wide so its easy to find what you are looking for and then zips closed if needed. I end up having to replace them because they wear out on the bottom leading to a hole. they seem to be made slightly cheaper then they were years ago.....probably made in china.
Lots of space to accomodate stuff. Strong, lightweight and useful. But you can get a Sears version fo about half the price.
I am a field service turbine mechanic. When I get to a job site and my boxes are unloaded and the game plan is hashed out, the first thing I do is figure out what tools I am going to need. Not just for one or two jobs. I hate going back and forth from a tool box. I plan it out, and put everything I need (within reason) into a tool bag. Well, I am please with this bag... plenty of room, plenty of pockets. Nice and sturdy, good balanced feel.Now for the cons. You can't lock the zipper. I don't want to lock it to keep people from stealing... it's to keep them from borrowing without asking. But no problem I can put some grommets on BUT not everyone can. Also a couple of nice zippered pouches would be very handy for small bits n pieces.Would I recommend? Yes. Great price, good quality.
I use this mainly to carry tools and hardware between the house and (detached) garage.  I can load it with a hammer drill, cordless drill/driver, etc.  It has various inner and outer pockets and dividers to carry hand tools and hardware.  It appears well-made and heavy duty, good value.
It holds stuff, and its inexpensive compared to others.  The belt clip seems to be of good quality.
This is a very well designed tool belt.  You can move the modules around to fit our own needs.  The nylon parts are nicely made, but the plastic clip is not durable.  After about three weekend of use, one of the piece already broke off.  I replaced it with a metal belt buckle.
It gets the job done. I like the ease in switching around components. Sometimes, I just need to out one of the pouches on a regular belt, and this gives me that option. It's a decent light-duty rig.
Definitely buy at least three of these things. I use them to store all of my different electrical items (connectors, etc...) and also my plumbing items (elbows, tees, etc...). I am a homeowner and part time handyman so these things don't see daily use from me but my plumber uses these things and swears by them. All in all a good purchase, these are much sturdier than the cheaper ones so I would recommend spending the extra money for the super stackers.
Drills should have a belt clip. Since none of them don't, this is a great invention. I wouldn't walk around with a full size drill smacking my hip, but for impact drivers it's perfect.In the other pockets you can sneak a number of screws in but you have to jam em in - it would have been better if there was a wide-mouth pocket.Hope that helps.
This puts your cordless drill right where you need it, but keeps it from falling out with a handy snap.  Hang this off your handy belt and you'll wonder why you didn't have your drill this close before.  Fits my Makita just fine and it looks like just about any cordless drill would also fit.  It's sturdy, lightweight and doesn't get in the way.  Well worth the money!
I agree , this is better than any other available holsters. It does  protect your leg. Thats in itself makes it superior. In addition you get  extra storage in the side pockets. Kind of like having a mini bucket boss  right there in front of your tool bags. It's still not secure enough for me  though.  I hate when my drills take a dive. They get dropped enough as it  is. Who has the patience to strap a drill in every time they use it? I've  been on a lot of jobs and have seen hundreds of drills in holsters. I've  seen about two that were actually strapped in.The only holder I trust  completely is the Prazi Big Lugg. It is far superior for keeping your drill  stuck to your side. Just drop it in and you're good to go.  Bend over, lay  down , jump , It doesn't matter. It's still there. Impossible with a  holster. So I have mixed feeling about this product. It is the best in it's  class. But I think that class is losing favor with the Big lugg on the  market.
ordered one some time ago, and just ordered another. I used one for a first aid kit. the other for my leather working tools and gear, this bag holds a lot! well built and sturdy. the side pockets are very large. holds 2 large storage bins 14&#34; x 9&#34; x 2&#34; deep and has room for tools.down side- the bottom isn't very thick, so it doesn't hold up well with a lot of very heavy tools. tends to bulge and fold.if you need a bag with lots of room for mid weight tools this is it!
I needed a longer tool bag for my Makita worm-drive saw. This worked much better than my other GateMouth tool bag.
What a great bag! I have a few quibbles; as noted, the inside pockets are a bit tight. The zipper tab doesn't seem to match the heft of the zipper. The exterior pocket flaps should be a bit wider/broader to cover the pocket and the gatemouth design seems to balk if you stuff the bag. All minor. Well constructed overall and every bit worth the price. A reasonably lightweight bag that holds a decent amount - of course, you'll cram more into it than you can comfortably carry. Because it's a medium/long bag you have to balance the load - otherwise it dips - and why no shoulder pad? I personally wouldn't recommend the recip saw w/blade in the bag. I once tripped and landed on a nylon bag w/ a jigsaw - blade in thigh - ouch! No more. Blades off all saws (except circular) and hard cased for transport. I like this bag a lot.
I finally got tired of housing my Bostitch N88RH in the cardboard box it came in because of how much space it took up in my cabinet, and I'm kind of disappointed that Bostitch doesn't make a hard plastic carrying case for it like what came with my trim and brad nailers. After reading all the reviews for all the framing nailer bags I could find, I finally went with Bucket Boss because I have a couple other products from them and the reviews said it would fit my Bostitch framing nailer while some reviews for other bags said they either wouldn't or barely did.I can confirm that the Bostitch N88RH framing nailer fits in this bag no problem. Once or twice it seemed like the zipper was tight getting over the top of the bag with the nailer inside, but that turned out to just be how the gun was placed inside the bag because the rest of the time there was room to spare. The pouch on the outside of the bag isn't quite large enough to contain the shoulder strap and still zip close, and there's a narrow pocket on the inside of the bag that holds the metal connector trip that came with my gun. I like to keep my manuals with my tool so I would have liked to also have a pocket on the inside wide enough to fit the manual, but this bag doesn't have one.
I purchased this after reading reviews posted and seen where the Bostitch N-88 would fit in this bag, it does but its a little tight. The bag is of very nice quality and has a very heavy duty zipper. It comes with a shoulder strap and two handles to carry by hand (I am surprised it did not have the velcro strap that will keep the handles togeather. The picture is a little misleading though, from the picture it looks as if it has a stiff bottom and wil sit upright, well I'm here to tell you it wont! I think the photographer filled the bag with lightweight foam when this picture was taken, not a framing gun. All and all I am happy with it, I just wish it was a tad bigger and the bottom was more riggid.
I got this to store my Bostitch F21PL framing nailerBostitch F21PL Round Head 1-1/2-Inch to 3-1/2-Inch Framing Nailer with Positive Placement Tip and Magnesium Housing. It is a tight fit, but the zipper closes and the framing nailer will be a lot happier in the bag, dust free, and hopefully free of the dents and dings it would receive it it was rattling around the back of my truck unprotected.  I like the gunner bag and can recommend it.  Here are some points based on my use and observation:Pros:*  Size - This bag should fit just about any pneumatic nailer you have.  The Bostitch I got it for is about as big as the other guys that shoot round head framing nails:  Hitachi, Senco, Porter Cable, etc.  Mine fit best upside down, with the business end pointing toward the peak of the bag, on top.  Naturally, it will fit many smaller nailers, too, like a roofing nailer or a couple of finish nailers.*  Well made - The material of the bag is rugged ripstop nylon and it seems to be put together well enough.  Stitching is mostly single and while the zipper isn't particularly heavy duty (it's a nylon type - not metal), it should last long enough.  The handles are made of nylon webbing and will probably outlast other components of the bag.*  It's padded - I like this feature, for in addition to keeping the dust off the tool, I also wanted the bag to afford it protection from bangs and bumps when it's riding along with my other tools in the back of the pickup.  The sides are not heavily padded, but it's enough to make a difference.  While the bottom is not padded it does have a strip of rigid plastic running the length of the bag which should offer some protection as well.*  Versatile - The bag comes with one pocket on the outside (which is where a bottle of my pneumatic tool oil lives) and a couple of small pockets inside.  Given that it is already a tight fit inside for a full-size framing nailer and the fact that the interior pockets are fairly small, I don't see much practical purpose to these; I would prefer to have another, larger, pocket on the exterior (perhaps with a closeable flap?) where I could store the tip cover, sequential-fire trigger, etc.  The bag comes with a nylon shoulder strap so you can carry the bag over your shoulder to free up your hands.  This may or may not be useful depending on how you use the bag, but it's nice to have the option.Cons:*  Value - This is purely subjective, but it seems that this bag should be less expensive than it is.  Is it handy?  Yes, it is.  Is it essential?  Well, no, I don't think it is.  At the time of this writing, the bag represents about 13% of the cost of the tool it's carrying.  I leave it to you to decide whether that's a good value or not.  I've used Bucket Boss products in the past and they are still going strong, but that's carrying dozens of tools, day in, day out, everywhere.  This gunner bag is going to be carrying one tool, occasionally, so the value proposition for me isn't as sweet as it could be.*  Gate Mouth - I need to review the meaning of what gate mouth is, because I thought that meant an opening that got bigger due to a semi-rigid opening that made the opening to the bag much bigger.  This bag does not have that, but instead it has a zipper that runs the length of the bag.  Does it matter?  The zipper works just fine, and the bag swallows my framing nailer, so I guess not.  Still, my expectation was different from what the product actually was.  (I'll allow that I may be confused about the meaning, for sure)Other thoughts:I don't see this as an essential item, but it is nice to have depending on your use.  I'm a contractor, but not a full-time rough carpenter or framer, so I won't be using my framing nailer on a daily basis.  In my shop, this gunner bag will be protecting my tool from dust and bumps until I use it again.  If I was to use my framing nailer every day, I don't know that I would spend the money on protecting the tool that would basically get used to death and then tossed.  Professional framers, what do you think?For this reviewer, this is a good and useful bag that I am happy I purchased.  Yes, I think it could have been had for less given that the quality is OK but not fantastic, the materials are decent but not top quality (zipper), and it's made in China.  (not to knock China in this case, but while they manufacture this bag about as well as anyone, let's face it:  It cost the factory pennies on the dollar to produce this item)
This is a great work apron, well made of good materials. It appears heavy duty and should last for years. The one thing I feel it is lacking, and why I reduced the rating from five-star to four, is that the pockets need velcro across the top insides to both keep things in when bending over and to keep out wood chips, sawdust, etc. I will ask Mary to sew in some velcro to do this for me.
I like the apron a lot but it's not as stout or as large as I imagined. The material is a bit thin and its overall lightweight. The size is quite good for a small person like me (5'9) but I imagined it larger. I would prefer if it actually was 6 inches longer and had deeper pockets.