I hate it when my shirt collars, not otherwise secured in place by buttons, end up in weird places throughout the day. I purchased some steel collar stays to use with these magnets but they were only vaguely magnetic. I ended up using 2 of these magnets - one in the collar with the stay and the other inside my shirt, to lock my collar in place. They work flawlessly. They are the perfect size, and there are plenty of magnets in case you forget to remove them at the end of the day.
These little magnets are really powerful for there size. I am using them to make secret compartments in custom made boxes. Each one hols about .8 of a pound.
I wanted something this small to mount on the back of filagree wood piece I cut. They could then be mounted on refrigerators. Works well. Should be able to remove the pieces from the refrig without breaking yet will hold well.
I use these to magnetize my Warhammer 40K miniatures together allowing me to swap out their various parts and weapons.  They provide excellent holding power along with small size to fit in snug areas.
They are soo freaking annoying!!  Why?! You spend all this time, da*n near breaking off your fingernail trying to separate these li'l buggers, and when you do finally get them apart, you accidentally hold your hand in a certain way or angle and they snap right back together again with reckless abandon!  So yes, annoying, but that's only because they are soo good at what they do.  You too will be happily annoyed with your purchase.  I'd stick my reputation on that statement... with these magnets!
am using for 40k models, they are a great size for adding jet packs, i use them for both orks and space marines, my stormboyz just use death company jet packs and my death company are also assault for codex marines or other codexes, have also use dhtem for eldar guardian weapons platform, will buy again when i run out they work for all kinds of customizations and these are small enough that it doens't break superglue over time (1/4' and above do) also note glue on the magnets before you prime or they will also pull off you want superglue from plastic to magnet for best results then paint over it
The color pictures and exploded diagrams are an outstanding introduction and knowledge builder. Mr. Proulx full color pages helped me solve problems and understand better ways to use this great joinery technique.
These are projects that people can do with pretty basic wood tools, which is nice. If you have a tablesaw and router, you would be ahead of the game... I found a lot of projects could be done much more quickly using different methods and tools, then prescribed, but I think the point of some of the ideas was to show how to do things with less (in the way of tools, though it would take longer).The book has material lists, dimensions, etc. If you have a pocket hole love affair, this is a must buy. It even teaches you how to build a pocket hole drill setup! How cool is that? My favorite part of the book is the way it shows unusual joinery angles and suggests screw lengths for them. That is much better than trial and error...Loads of pictures, and great writing. Very simple projects that look very difficult when finished. The books projects' almost has a shaker feel to it, which I love. I am not huge on over the top ornate things... This is all about straight lines, great joints, and useful items. All projects here utilize items you can get just about anywhere. Costs are minimal due to the way these items are put together.From my memory, I believe the book covers how to make:A couple clocks, accent table, end table, quilt rack (very cool), mirror, and a frame... I know there is more than that though....Most items are made from red oak in the book, but these items can be made from virtually whatever wood one desires. I highly recommend this book, regardless of skillset. For me, the materials lists and plans were enough to make it worth it. It doesn't hurt that I love most of the designs too...
If you have a pocket holl jig then this book is for you! There are some nice projects in this book and they are simple enough even I could do them!!!!
This is a great system for drilling perfect pocket joints every time.  Easy to use and a great way to make frames and cabinets.  Makes for a strong joint.
If you're new to pocket joinery, this is a great book for instruction and inspiration. Easily understandable, with lots of photos.
This is a great book for anyone interested in getting their feet wet with Pocket Joints. I bought a Kreg Master Kit and built the bookcase in this book as my first project.  It came out beautiful without a hitch. Did my own variation for the trim but otherwise followed the plans exactly. I am planning on moving on to a chest of drawers as my next project and have no doubt that it can be done with the basic kit I have. There is one caveat, you will need some extra clamps to make working with the pocket joints a lot simpler. They are like having extra hands a crucial points in the assembly process. I read the material over and over so it is in my head when I go to work in the shop.
Some useful projects to use with my new pocket hole tools. I look forward to using this book. Recommend buying it.
Awesome to light an entire room
Update: I purchased this light in January of 2012 and has been very pleased with it. After about 6 months I noticed that it has gotten very dim. It was getting dim gradually so I did not even notice until it felt like it was not helpful at all. After a quick battery change it is back to being nice and bright. The non-rechargeable batteries lasted 4 months of brief daily use (5-6 mins daily). Looking back I probably should have changed the batteries a month ago. I switched to rechargeable batteries, so I expect I would need to change them every few months.I have to admit that I use this Book Light in some unconventional places: my two main uses of the light are in the bathroom.I am attaching a collage of three photos under customer photos that demonstrates my two uses, along with the photo of the light next to the ruler. The very flexible 10" neck of the light provides the key to its many uses. And the two LED light is mighty bright. Given that I always place it several feet away from the book I always use it on full 2 LED power. The light switch is located on top of the light unit, it fits into the design so well that you may not even notice it right away.The clip opens wide and hold strong. I can open the clip 1 1/8 inches wide. Inside the clip there is soft spongy material which provides good grip and protection to the thing you are clipping the light to. The clip loaded with 3 (AAA sized) batteries is much heavier than the ultra light neck + light itself, so the unit can be used as a free standing light by using the clip as a stand.The only difficulty I had with the light was closing the battery compartment after inserting the batteries. It was a bit of a tight squeeze and required a bit of wiggling of the batteries to get them out of the way.The light can run on AC adapter but it is not included.My two main uses:1) I like reading while on the toilet, but don't like the overhead light to be on because it has a built-in fan and I prefer quiet time. To solve this problem Xtraflex light mounts perfectly on the shelve near the toilet. It provides good light from a distance of 2.5 feet.2) Sometimes I like to take a soak in a tub and read a book or magazine in a bubble bath. It is such a treat! But the lighting is poor as the overhead light is in center of the bathroom, not behind me. However I now mount Mighty Bright Xraflex Book Light on the shower caddy which is behind my head in the tub and this gives me good lighting from a distance of 3 feet.I am impressed with the versatility of Might Bright Xtraflex Book Light. This light lets me pamper myself in the bathroom by reading in the tub or on the toilet, I am really enjoying it.Update July 2012I purchased this light in April 2012, and recently noticed that it has gotten very dim. It was getting dim gradually so I did not even notice until it felt like it was not helpful at all. After a quick battery change it is back to being nice and bright. The non-rechargeable batteries lasted 4 months of brief daily use. Looking back I probably should have changed the batteries a month ago. I switched to rechargeable batteries, so I expect I would need to change them on monthly basis.Ali Julia review
I have a Kindle and love it. I haven't found a need in my particular situation to have a reading light for the Kindle, so I haven't bought one. What I have found is as I am in my 60's, my close focus of my eyeballs isn't what it used to be. When I get debris, eyelash or a cat hair in my eye, it is tough to see it to remove it. So, I bought a 10x magnifying mirror. It magnifies sufficiently for me to focus close enough to see debris in my eye. But, there isn't enough light. (Growing old is not perfect, but it is wonderful!) Anyway, I bought this light to put on my magnifying mirror so I can see to get things out of my eyes, or trim nose hair, or other such entertaining activities. Works perfectly for this purpose.But, I put it on my Kindle to see how it would work in its designed mission. Here's what I find based on both applications: Base clip holds tightly and doesn't slide off. AAA batteries are cheap and common. The light has two super bright LEDs. The switch is a push button, it will turn both on, the turn one off, then turn the other off. It is very bright and projects a beam a little wider than the kindle itself (6-inch, keyboard Kindle model). More than enough light to see the screen and the keyboard. There are no dark spots, bright from the middle to the edge. One light is plenty for my Kindle. Two provides an amazing amount of light and does not glare. The goose neck has ample length to position where you want it. It will hold in any position its put in. The batteries account for most of its weight. It's well made, should last a long while. And one function - the clip serves as a base and will sit upright on a flat surface to serve as a small desk light. That has been a useful function.I wish I had gotten this long ago. I recommend it.
I bought this for my wife so she could read books in our poorly lit house.  Works great, and still on the original battery after quite a bit of use.
Perfect light to read with or for the grill.  Has two setting (medium light and very bright) and the name says it all...might bright.  Would buy again without hesitation.
I originally bought this for my wife so she could read in bed, but now she uses it with her laptop.  It clips on very easily and provides a lot of light.  It was a real lifesaver during the six days we were without power because of the hurricane.
There isn't a whole lot to say about a book light other than it works well and I like that it takes AAA batteries which are cheap and easy to find.
I bought this light for my wife not myself.  She has a hard time sleeping when any lights are on (all in her head I think but I can't convince her of that).  I like to read in bed but I often come to bed later and this little light lets her sleep and lets me read.Brightness is good, I think they could use even a dimmer setting though.  Clip holds to books just fine.Also, this light is good for the kids in the back of the vehicle at night when they want to read on long trips.Recommended.
The lighting in my house seems terrible, at least for me.  Additionally, at night, I was unable to use a lamp if my wife wanted to go to sleep and I wanted to continue reading.  This little gem now allows me to have perfect lighting to read at night and not disturb my wife.  I ended up purchasing a portable desk, also on Amazon, and this clips perfectly to the desk so I don't even need to clip it to a book.There are two settings...high with 2 LED's on, and low with 1 LED on.  I like using high when there is other light in the room, but inadequate light for reading.  I like using low when the room is completely dark.I've also attached the light to a &#34;normal&#34; desk to give me some well-needed light in my music studio.If you want, there is also an AC plug for an adapter (not included) if you didn't want to use the batteries.The gooseneck is very flexible, but sturdy at the same time after positioning it.  Very happy with the purchase.
This little led lights are great, you can read while your spouse is sleeping without bothering her with your night table lamp. It has two leds, which makes quite bright, so I use only one at the time, which hope will extend its life. This one can be attached to the book's body, or clamped to your bed, and the flexible neck will allow you to narrow the spotlight even more.
I keep it attached to my night stand when not in use. it clips easily to the top of a book or is strong and sturdy enough to be planted down and aimed in the direction you want light. It has 3 modes, high (two LED's), low (1 LED) and off. the light is very direct and doesn't bother my wife when sleeping sleeping. Plus, leaving it at the bedside, it doubles as a emergency light/bathroom guidance light if necessary.
One of the best things I have recently bought. Works great. I just use the batteries not the plug in (kind of cumbersome)
We had a smaller clip-on light that worked fine for a book, but too small/weak for a headboard. This one is just as small but the clamp is wider and fits perfect on the headboard! It is definitely bright enough on both settings and now my son can turn the light off himself at night! Perfect!
I am very happy with this book light.  It has two levels of brightness.  The flex neck on it is superb. Some have said it is heavy, I would say bulky is a better term because of the batteries.  It clips on paperback books without issue and stays put.  I am glad I bought this light.  I did so by reading the reviews from others here at Amazon!.
Works great! Perfect for reading with low light and/or in bed. Doesn't bother my wife if she wants to sleep (she has the same light herself on her side) ordered from amazon, showed up on time just as expected. No regrets.
I can't stand clipping a light on the book, so I was looking for a light that would attach to the headboard. I wanted something that was bright enough to read clearly in the dark, but is still focused enough that it won't light up the whole room. This little light works perfectly for that.It has two brightness settings, and most of the time I only use the low setting as it provides enough reading light for me. The brighter setting is pretty darn bright, and is pretty impressive from such a small light. The light it emits is not really 100% pure white light. It does have a very slight bluish/purpleish hue to it, but nowhere near the blueness of some of the cheap reading lights I've used in the past.If you are considering clipping this on your headboard, make sure you measure the width of your headboard first. The clip on this light only opens about 1.5 inches wide, and my headboard is about 2 inches wide. To solve this, I simply screwed a small piece of 1/4 inch thick wood to the back side of the headboard so that it sticks up about 1 inch higher than the headboard on my side of the bed. I just clip the light to that. This doesn't damage the finished side of the headboard, so if I ever stop using this light, I can just remove the little piece of wood.I've used this light nightly for the last several months now and have not had to replace the batteries yet. Battery life appears pretty good. Overall, this is THE BEST reading light I've found and if this one ever wears out I will be buying another just like it.
These bulbs are way cheaper than the big box stores and seem to work fine.  It's nice to have spares on hand.
I haven't been able to find these bulbs anymore so I thought I'd have to throw out the lamp (that I love) but I came across these on Amazon and how great is that? I received these in a very timely manner and they're great at a fraction of the price I was paying. Two thumbs up from me.
This is by far the best price I could find on these. So far they have been in use for over a year and not a one has failed, so they are not inferior goods.
A very good value that allowed me to stock up on them.  We use them in several of our work lights.
These are replacements for the kitchen undercabinet lines in my house. The color is better on these than on the previous bulbs, but had ordered these as replacements for missing and burnt out bulbs.
Good price and works well.  I use it in my Kenmore stove top microwave. It's been in there for months and I haven't had any problems with it.  I would order this product from this vendor again.
These bulbs are a great price. They come well packed. Just remember never to touch a halogen bulb like this with bare hands. Use the plastic wrapper inside the box to handle them. Sold by: CBconcept
Exactly as advertised and MUCH cheaper than the $5 and $6 (each!) that the big box stores charge.  Just get it!
I was ready to kill my kids when the bulb burned out in my range hood.  I had been on them for the life of the bulb about how expensive and hard to find these bulbs are.  Often they cost $6 or more each.  Now I have 10 of them and the light in my hood works again.  Peace has been restored in my home as I now have 8 spares and the kids still cant turn off a switch.  Why is it a kid can turn every light on, but is completely incapable of turning any light out?Given the price of these I am tempted to find sockets to replace the florescent in my grow bed.
Now get this, at the world's biggest retail store 1 halogen G4 is $5 (with tax).  I got 10 of them via Cbconcept for $5 !  They work great so far.  My old expensive one lasted about 13 months.  We shall see how this goes.  So far so good, 30 days into it.
We needed one bulb for a Halloween decoration.  This was a 10 pack for a great price and with amazon prime, you couldn't beat the shipping.  This worked really well and I suspect the bulbs will last longer than the Halloween decoration will.
Each bulb came in its own individual little box and wrapped in plastic. (We ordered ours from CBconcept if it makes a difference) The bulb fit our IKEA spotlight just as well as the original. I am not sure if it will last as long, but considering 10 of them, including shipping, costs just about the price of one in the hardware store, I don't mind setting my expectations a little low.
They work fine and the price was great. I can't say anything about longevity of the bulbs. I'll try to update the review if they don't last.
These came fast, worked great and at good price.  No complaints here, will use again in future.  They were so cheap though, i bought enough to last me awhile and got free shipping.  :)
Cheap and zero non-working bulbs so far. I use them for low-voltage landscape lighting and have not yet had an issue.
These lights are for our low voltage pathway lights.  They work perfectly and add safety and security to our front walk.  Well-priced, much better than retail stores.
My husband researched everywhere for the best price and availability,and this place could not be beat.I could not recommend a better vendor or product if this is what you need for your landscape lighting needs
When I moved into my new house a few years ago, I installed a bunch of outdoor landscape lighting.  I went a little nuts.  Front yard, back yard, two porches, an atrium, all-in-all over 30 fixtures that use these little G4 base 10w and 20w 12V bulbs.  I quickly discovered that these halogen bulbs are a lot less reliable than the 7w wedge base bulbs I had used before.  What is more, at around $6.50 for a two pack at the local builder store, they are also a lot more expensive.I found these bulbs on Amazon a few months ago and have been using them ever since.  While it's true that you occasionally find a dud that goes dark in a matter of weeks, that's every bit as true of the bulbs you buy at the store and pay over $3 a bulb for.These bulbs kinda saved me.  I spent a lot on landscape lighting and was backed into a corner with bulb replacement costs.  Finding these bulbs made it feasible to keep my lights.  Five stars.
As others have said the price for these in the stores is ridiculous.  If you can wait a couple days to get them this is the best value and the bulbs seem so far to be good quality.
I go through a lot of these bulbs with my kitchen lighting. They are used in the under-cabinet lights and the pendant above the counter. About a year ago I replaced half of them with LEDs. This increased the life of the regular bulbs considerably (lower currents in the system means less wear and tear, so the speak). But they still burn out. These bulbs are a perfect replacement. They seem slightly less bright than say the GE brand that you get at the hardware store or the IKEA replacement bulbs, but the difference is barely noticeable. I give them a thumbs-up.
Good bulbs.  Do the  job.
10 pcs JC 12V G4 20W Halogen Light bulbs By CBconcept  is great.  Love it for the price.  10 of them can last long. hope last forever. LOL
These bulbs cost almost $5 each at my local big box home center so this ten pack is a great deal.  So far the life from these bulbs seems to be about the same as the ones I used to buy at the store.
1/10th the big box store price and better packaging.  Individual cardboard boxes with a plastic bag liner for easy, no-touch installation, unlike expensive name brand with armor plated packaging and clumsy extraction.
I have two desktop high intensity lamps - one I bought a few years ago, and one a recent purchase. The older lamp failed about 3 months ago, and I replaced it with the new one thinking the older one was finished. Then when the newer lamp blew a bulb I decided to get a set of these bulbs to see if it would work again. Replacing the blown bulb with a new one from this package took a minute or two (being careful not to touch the bulb with my fingers), and the new lamp was back to working. So I decided to try one these bulbs in my old (presumed dead) desk lamp. After carefully installing the new bulb my old lamp was back to life. They are both still working, and I am delighted with this purchase.
The light went out on my goose neck halogen music stand clip-on light. Looked at local brick outlets and thought replacement bulbs seemed costly. Checked Amazon and found this pack for what was being asked for 1 bulb. Wanted a replacement and a spare. Got that pair and 4 more pairs in just a couple of days which was before my nest public performance. Put in the replacement and saw the light!Placed extras in strategic locations for my next emergency blackout when I would have forgotten where I put my spare bulb.MORE than I Needed: BETTER than I expected
The cost for this pack of ten is about the same as for one at the local hardware store. They are wrapped and boxed indevidually so ther is no chance of contamination. Use gloves or paper towel to handle them.I replace 3 burned bulbs in Malibu lights. They appear to be nice and bright. save the rest as spares.very satisfied with the purchase.
We really like the light for reading in our bedroom.  It gives off enough light for a comfortable light for reading a book.
This is a great shop light.  I use is on  my bench when I'm working.  For the price it is fantastic.
I've had this saw for a few months now and by far, it is the best CS I have owned.  I wasn't sure how much I would use the Tilt-Lok handle however, I find myself adjusting it each time I make a significant change in the cutting depth.  Having the ability to change the angle of the handle is nice, especially when making long rip cuts at a shallow depth.The saw has a tremendous amount of power and has so far, cut through everything I have thrown at it.  3/4 plywood is easily ripped cleanly and accurately.  2x lumber can be mitered as well.  The supplied blade isn't bad either considering it is thrown in by the maunfacturer.  Eventually, I will upgrade it to one of the better quality Freud blades.As with most Milwaukee tools, the warranty is stout.  I think that any manufacturer who builds a quality tool should back it up  and Milwaukee definetly does.Bottom line, this CS is in a class by itself and worth every penny.
I've had this saw for a couple of years and it works great. I do the occasion remodeling project and this is the best circular saw I've owned.
This is a great saw at a nice price.  It has lots of power, is easy to adjust, and comes in a sturdy carry case.
I bought this saw at a Big Box. Paid more than the amazon.com price. I won't make that mistake again. However, even the price I paid was worthwile for this tool.The control handle is ergonomic and very comfortable. Trigger action is smooth and required less effort than other saws I have used. After taking it out of the box on a deck renovation, the first thing I noticed is the large-size and relative light weight of this saw. Upon reaching for the left-hand guide handle, I see that it is attached to the aluminum base of the tool, rather than the motor assembly. This is a detail unique to Milwaukee products and allows for more balanced handling of the tool. The left hand guides the base of the saw... confidence inspiring.I fire it up. The eerily quiet motor (by circular saw standards) is refreshing. It is nice to end a day of sawing without a ringing in my ears. This saw is plenty powerful. I cut 2X treated lumber (very wet) with ease. The included blade is adequate. It made satisfactory cuts in rough lumber. I would recommend purchasing a dedicated finishing blade for finer applications.Well constructed and ergonomic, I am happy with this purchase and I highly recommend this model to contractors or anyone who expects to put in many hours with this saw.
I recently purchased this saw and am exremely impressed so far!  Cuts through all types of lumber with ease.  Very smooth and surprisingly quiet.  This is the finest circular saw available!
This saw is a dream to use. It cuts just as smoothy through thick hardwood as it will through a 1x1. With power to spare, it lives up to the Milwaukee name. The tilt handle feature makes it so comfortable you can use the saw all day without fatigue. Each cut is almost effortless and without vibration. The 6390-21 is the king of 7 1/4 inch circular saws. You can't go wrong with this one!
This Milwaukee circular saw is among the best tools made.  The motor is strong and cuts through the hardest woods with relative ease.  It is well balanced and of moderate weight thanks to the alloy construction.  Fit and finish is suberb, as is the case with most Milwaukee products.  The case is sturdy and a plus if you move your saw frequently between jobs.  The Milwaukee gets 5 stars and is a credit to their line of quality power tools.  I'd buy another one without a second thought.
I've completed a bunch of projects using my new Milwaukee 6390-21 saw.  I've made shelving and cabinets using pine, cedar and oak. I've cut 2 by's for deck construction and ripped plywood for roof repair.  This saw is terrific.  It is powerful, solid without being excessively heavy, and very well balanced for a sidewinder.  Calibration marks are clear and accurate for depth of cut and baseplate angle.  Large adjustment lever and knob make these adjustments easy.  I've done a number of jobs requiring 45 degree bevel cuts.  If you've done this, you know how difficult it can be using a handheld curcular saw.  Well, I'm impressed with how accurate the gauge is and how easy it is to balance this saw to get perfect mitered corners.  The most remarkable feature is the Tilt-Lok.  I wasn't sure how often I would use this when I first considered buying this model, but I find I use it often and really like it.  It allows me to get just the right handle angle so that whether I'm making cuts on the ground, or kneeling on a roof, cutting above my head or using saw horses, I can find an angle where the handle and trigger feel just right and I'm in control.  Even without electronic braking, the wind-down interval is very brief.  The self storing wrench and spindle lock button eliminate a lot of fumbling during blade changes.  A few points to consider:  the blade that ships with this saw is for ripping, so plan on buying a couple more for cross cuts and fine finishing.  Also, you'll need a rip fence because Milwaukee doesn't include this vital accessory:Milwaukee Rip Fence Kit, Model# 49-22-4146.  Finally, the base plate is aluminum to keep the weight down, but the aluminum galls on some surfaces and leaves marks, so plan on putting some tape on the bottom to protect fine work pieces.  Every time I start a new job, I look forward to opening that big red box and taking out this really fine instrument.
Growing up, I can recall my Dad using a circular saw for everything.  After I purchased a home of my own, and being a bit of a DIY'r, I invested in a miter saw, table saw and Ryobi cordless circular saw, none of which I came to find were very good for cutting thick (4x4) or wet treated lumber, especially the Ryobi cordless saw which severly lacked power.  I received a Milwaukee 6390-21 circular saw as a gift.  I fell in love with it the first time I used it.  While I consider it a 'beast' due to its power and ability to slice through lumber like a hot knife through butter, I was surpised at how accurate and precise the cuts were.  Being a right handed saw, I was concerned about visability, but it's not an issue because you can clearly see the blade from both sides of the saw. The saw has a number of adjustments, all of which can be made quickly and easily, without tools. I agree with other reviewers that the included blade isn't of high quality, so you'll most likely want to purchase a better one. The hard case is larger than it needs to be, and is impossible to close if the saw isn't properly seated.  The case could also benefit from a place to store accessories, such as a rip guide (not included with the saw). Overall, I'm extremely pleased with this saw and highly recommend it.  As a result, I'm looking at other Milwaukee tools.  In fact, I just purchased a Milwaukee 2457-21 power ratchet wrench kit which I am anxious to use.
This is one powerful saw!  I've yet to slow it down, yet alone bog it down.  It just eats wood.  That aside, it has some super features.  The tilt handle is great.  It is not hard to adjust, and makes the saw much more pleasant to use.  The sightline is excellent, and the saw tracks well.  I also like the padded forward grip, and being able to see the bevel scale without turning the saw around.  The base is flat and promises to stay that way, and the saw is light weight.  I have had no problems with it whatever.  In fact, I gave my backup yellow saw away - and it was a good saw too.  This Milwaukee saw rocks!  It is professional through and through - definitely five star material.
I just started using this saw (I purchased the lefthand 6391) to complement my lefthand Skil 5510 5-1/2" Circular Saw. My old (20 years) 7-1/4" Skil saw was overdue for replacement. Even though I use my 5-1/2 for most of my cutting, I need a 7-1/4 now and then for heavier work like cutting 4x stock. Here are my impressions of the Milwaukee 6391.Good -1-Surprising light weight for a 7-1/4. The magnesium\aluminum\plastic housing makes this unit the lightest 7.25s I have handled. And I checked all the major brands at home depot, hefting each in turn.2- First class construction. Every component of this machine is precision. The aircraft aluminum shoe is a marvel to behold. Much better then the stamped steel some others use. The depth of cut release mechanism is the best I have seen. Big grabbable handle that smoothly releases the shoe. Ditto on the bevel release, both easy on the fingers and they lock down with confidence. I really like the grab handle at the front of the saw. Its grippy-rubber covered and fits the hand perfectly. The magnesium housing around the top of the blade looks cool and give this saw an impressive look. The adjustable handle is a clear break-through in saw design. Its a brilliant innovation and I'm surprised no other manufacturer thought of this before. It lets you set the angle your hand engages the tool with. So whether you are working material below your knees or even overhead, you have eight settings to chose from. I'm still experimenting with the settings, but with this saw, you have a choice. I really like the rubberized handle too. No more slipping out of a sweaty palm.3- Power. I'm working with salvaged fir timbers this month, all 4x and this old wood is hard and tough. The 6391 just powers through without slowing at all! Even the full 4"x12" beams are no match for the powerful motor on the machine. I have to flip the timbers to cut all the way through them and the resulting cuts are square and smooth, and I'm doing these free hand, without a 90 degree helper-square. The blade that came with the saw is good, a 16 point carbide tipped one. When it starts to dull I'll switch over to a Freud TK203 7-1/4" 24-Tooth Thin Kerf.4- Case. The saw comes with a LARGE red carry case. It will hold extra extension cords and other pliable items if desired.Negative - Very little here.1- The depth of cut guage is set on the inside of the saw housing and its hard to see. The marking are in 1/4" increments, which is how much blade you want pertruding from below the work surface but the numbers are not easy to read. The Ryobi 7.25 had a very good depth guage setup, the best of all the ones I looked at at HD.2- No blade brake. Some of the high end saws have this feature, I'm not sure why Milwaukee left this out. Maybe to save on weight. It would be a "nice to have."2a- An update on the blade brake feature.  The "right hand" model, the 6394, has the blade brake.  I found this out from the Milwaukee web site.  No plans to offer this feature in the "lefty" model though (I wrote them).  You do lose a 1/4 horse of power on the 6394; maybe thats the trade off.  I'd rather have the power to be honest.This is a great circular saw. If you use one of these tools on a regular basis, or if you are just a now-and-then user but like to have the best tools, get this one. You'll be writing you own review here just out of your enthusiasm for what a great job Milwaukee has done on a classic design.
I had to rebuild my 15yr old deck this past summer.  My craftsman CS just wasn't cutting it (pun).  Said this will never do.  Went to local big box and got this Milwaukee.  I can tell you it's one sweet saw.  Powerful enough to cut thru 2x treated lumber with ease.  Hasn't bound up on me, although I guess if one cuts crooked enough any CS would bind, my craftsmans was always binding, motor running blade stopped stuf like that.  These things don't exist with this saw.  I think the blade that comes with this saw is pretty good.  I used it all thru my deck rebuild with no problems.  As another has said, this saw is not very loud, it is a pleasure to use.  This saw isn't the least expensive out there, but it's well worth the money.  I haven't read all the reviews but can't believe anyone who has used this saw would not like it.  Highly recommend it.
While not a professional carpenter like many who've already reviewed this excellent pice of equipment I'd like to add my $.02 worth to these reviews. A few months ago I was doing a complete remodel of the kitchen in our rental condo and for the first few weeks my old Skil saw (at least 10 years old and possibly damaged when I used it, with the proper blade, as a concrete saw a couple of years back) was doing just fine. However, when it came time to cut the laminated countertops to length it just wasn't up to the task and it was obvious I'd need a new one. Did a bunch of online research and narrowed my choices down to this Milwaukee model and one from Dewalt. Chose the Milwaukee mostly because of the Tilt-Lok handle and I could not be happier with my choice! It cut through those countertops like the proverbial knife through hot butter and left edges as smooth and clean as if they'd been cut on my Delta Unisaw table saw. This is one outstanding tool that I'd recommend to anyone who's looking for a really good circular saw that will get the job done and probably last them for many, many years and over many, many projects.
Another excellent tool from Milwaukee. The adjustable handle is a very nice touch. It is not too heavy, but is still very rugged. The base was dead flat. Switching blades is a snap.The best thing about it is that it just works like it is supposed to day in, and day out.
I've had this saw about a month now and I am very impressed. This is one powerful, tough, saw. As a remodeling contractor I am very hard on tools and this saw can take the abuse.  I have owned several other circular saws and this is easily my favorite.  I also have the Porter Cable blade on left which I have used the last 3 years. I like the Porter Cable and I love the visibility of the blade on left, but it always feels out of balance in my hand since I am right-handed, and when setting up cuts you often find that the majority of the saw's shoe and weight is being supported by the off cut side, because the blade on left is meant for left handers.The Milwaukee 6390 has solved this problem.  It is extremely well balanced and the design of the blade opening in the shoe allows for excellent visibility of the cut line from above the saw. As a right hander you do not need to lean over the saw to see your cut line. Some guys are in such a habit of doing just that, and it is a hard habit to break.  I have pointed out to them how you can easily see the cut line from above and they always comment on how great that is.The bevel adjustment handle is large and sturdy and easy to adjust.  Bevel cuts on this saw are the best I have ever experienced.  It will cut bevels up to 51 degrees or so like butter.  No bogging or binding whatsoever.Two minor complaints that Milwaukee should address is that the shoe has a little bump on the edge at each corner, so that if you are using a straight edge like a speed square as a cutting guide, those little bumps will cause you to not get a perfectly square cut. To solve this I just filed them off. The other thing is that I did not like the thin kerf blade that came with the saw.  I put on a heavy duty carbide framing blade and the saw cuts much smoother, and quieter.  I get perfectly square cuts now, and this thing will go through a stud so smoothly it feels like 1 X .Despite its minor flaws the Milwaukee is still deserving of 5 stars especially when you start comparing other saws.  The Porter Cable is a close second in my book, but the combination of balance, power, control, and adjustments of the Milwaukee make it my top choice.  Highly recommend.
I have to stick my nose in here because something happened that never happened before.  I am not using a skill 77 any more, or even the Porter Cable 743.  In fact I switched from a left bladed worm to a right blader  just to get the toughness and power that this Milwaukee saw has.  The first  guy to review this saw (conceptbydesign) hit the nail on the head when he  said this saw was tough.  There are many well-designed features on this saw  but the best thing is the power and toughness.Another great  feature is the fact that if you set this saw to a shallow cutting depth,  the handle stays where it belongs or where you want it to be - down near  the work -- instead of getting way up in the air where it's hard to  control.  Also, the blade guard handle is back off the shoe where it's  easy and safe to grab.  Setting a bevel on this saw is a dream.  The  markings are clear and the lock comes easy to the hand.  On some saws the  shoe is thin and "bendy" or too narrow.  This one is almost perfect.Now a circular saw is probably the second most personal tool a  carpenter will own right after a hammer.  I wouldn't be surprised if every  saw here on Amazon got five stars, because everyone likes something a  little different with their saws.  You have to decide which features are  right for you.  There are almost more opinions about which saw is better  than there are saws.  That's why I used a 77 for 30 years without changing.  But the first time I pulled the trigger on this saw it was clear that the  sheer power was going to make for accurate cuts and pleasant work.  This is  also one of the lightest saws there is - at least amongst the beefy framing  saws.  It was time for a change.  No saw is perfect - here are the gigs:  This saw is a bit noisy.  It has a good blade guard but it still would be  nice to have a blade brake.  Maybe someday Milwaukee will read this and  make one that has a left blade.  That would make my day.
I received this saw as a birthday present, allowing me to retire my old underpowered and inaccurate Black & Decker "Sawforce" saw.  The Milwaukee arrived in perfect condition and purred like a kitten from the start.  I have been very impressed with every aspect of this thing, most notably:The tool-less ability to change the base plate angle as needed;The POWER.  It cuts wet framing lumber and quarter sawn white oak with equal ease;With all that power, I have not experienced any binding, stalling, kicking, burning etc;The tilt lock handle is fantastic. I cannot conceive of using a saw without it now that I have it;The blade that came with the saw is quite good.Though the case is huge, it is sturdy and protects the saw very well.Overall I cannot say enough good things about this saw.  Its relatively light, very accurate, powerful, and feels like it will outlast me.  Buy one yourself and you won't be sorry!
I bought this after my cheaper saw caught fire trying to cut a sidewalk with a mason blade.  The Milwaukee never flinched.  I have relied upon it for cutting wood, of course, but also occasional concrete and brick work.  It had a ten foot fall one time with no damage other than bending the bottom plate, which straightened quite well.  However, eye protection is a must.  I know it should always be, but admit that you have cheated and used squint protection a few times.  Not with this saw.  I tried different blades, but there is something about this saw that kicks dust in my eyes.  I was a little embarrassed when I was showing it off to my cheapo dad and all he commented on was the sawdust in his face.  I rarely use the Tilt-Lok, but it came in handy a couple of times.
Stick a Frued blade on this sucker and game-over, pal. This is one powerful saw, and as accurate as my table saw. Buy this one with 100% confidence, friends.Highly recommended.
I bought this saw to replace a 12 year-old Dewalt circular saw that still functioned but had significant signs of use. At first I did not like this saw because the handle and base are quite different than the Dewalt saws.  However, after a few uses, I have to say that this is a better saw.  It glides nicely for straight cuts.  The levers to adjust the cut depth and bevel are large and easy to use.  It is also surprisingly quiet and smooth in operation.I now use this saw for all my rough carpentry projects and I relegated my Dewalt to the less common task of cutting block/concrete with a diamond blade.
I'm a multi router owner person. It seems that no matter what router I am using, they all accept the Porter Cable template guides. They work in the Dewalts, Makitas, or course the Porter Cables, as the description says, but they also work in the Fein Rt-1800, and with the Bosch routers as well with the adapter.Template guides are useful when routing out a piece of work using a template as a guide. The appropriate size guide to accomodate the size router bit, simply attaches to your plastic or metal removable center base plate, using the template guide, and a threaded metal securing ring. The gap distance between the outer edge of the template guide, and the leading edge of your router bit, is the oversize dimension you have to make your template. The template guide prevents the edge of the router bit from touching your template. The protruding nipple-collar accomplishes that. To accomplished routists that earn a duh no kidding award, but to the new guys on the block, that is key to know, and opens up a new world, and a reason to buy the kit.The Porter Cable 42000 kit is made out of white metal. Their are some manufacturers that make them out of brass, but this kit is hard to beat. The price is right, and it does the job more than adequately. My one gripe is that they are hard to remove from the metal base plate in my Fein. No way to grip the spinninng bottom that sits perfectly flush with the plate. A huge rubber eraser might help. :-) I plan on coating them with WD-40 so that ease of removal doesn't become a problem. All in all a very nice set.
Opens a whole new dimension in router use. It would be nice to have included a centering guide, but the price is fair. It is a sturdy functional guide set - fits the Bosch router too [with adapter].
Bought this after this novice ate up a brass insert.  I was impressed by the quality. Porter Cable has not ever let me down. So I buy more of their stuff!I'd buy this again!
For hardly a little more than the cheapie template guide sets you get a very nice one from Porter cable. The nice thing about it is if you have a Porter cable or Makita router you simply slip the guide into the existing hole in your baseplate and secure it with one of the provided nuts. Insert the right sized bit and you are now ready to go to work on whatever guide you need to follow. Much nicer than changing your base out with one of those universal kits , which use three screws to secure the guide to the base. If you need a template guide kit , you can't go wrong with this one.
so it holds the bit.  My last collet got scratched or bent or something.  It wouldn't grip correctly and the bit would work its way up and down while cutting.  Aside from a bad cut it was dangerous.  This one does what the other used to do.  It holds the bit like it is supposed to.  Plus I like the retaining ring to hold the nut to the collet.  Makes it easier to change the collet size all at once, no finding parts and such.
I have a PC 7518 permanently mounted in my router table.  I occasionally need to use one of my 1/4 inch shaft router bits.  This collet is easy to install and releases the bit easily after use.
I was surprised when I got this that the collet nut was the same size as the 1/2 collet nut. One wrench does it all.
I bought a used commercial grade Porter Cable router (the best router made, period) but it cameloaded with a half inch collet for commercial router bits.  This is for smaller bits and is a 1/4 bits.Porter Cable has been found to be the best router out there by numerous other magazine editors andtool pros, stick to factory original parts like this
I recently bought a PC7518 router and was also surprised that it did not come with a 1/4" collet. (Turns out PC does not recommend using 1/4" shanks with the 7518 because of the high HP....so be careful.) No problem I thought as I have a PC690L-RVS in the shop (approx 8-10 yrs old). Well the collets were NOT interchangeable. The new 7518 1/2" collet would not fit on the 690, and neither the 1/4" or 1/2" from the old 690 would fit on the 7518. After reading the reviews here I took a chance that there was a thread change. I am happy to report that the new 1/4" collet fits perfect on the 7518 and I have routed several projects with my old 1/4" bits. Hope this review helps someone else out too.UPDATE:  After several months of use, the collets are now fitting both routers. The threads must have needed to be broken in. I use the 1/4" bits often with no issues. But I do prefer 1/2" bits whenever possible.
Needed a replacement collet for a classic Porter-Cable router I bought off eBay. It's an original, high-quality accessory that fits and works like the original. And it's not like you have much choice in the matter ....
I was surprised 75182 router didn't come with a 1/4 inch collet. It is a big router but still. I'm not buying all new 1/2 bits to replace the 1/4s. Serves it's purpose.
Fits and works fine.  I feel better having a 1/4 collet rather than an adaptor when my fingers are close to a high speed carbide bit.
Works great, if you need it, get it, no problems. Works in all of the Porter Cable Routers that I have. Zero complaints and I always find every little design flaw.
This collet was received in the original Porter Cable blister pack, and seems to be of the expected excellent quality.
This is edge guide is very accurate, it's easy to mount and use.I originally bought the smaller cheaper guide. It was too small with only a narrow contact against the wood. It wasn't very long so it was harder for me to feel it making contact with the wood. I ended up getting this at a later time when I large project came along.This guide is more substantial. It has larger contact surfaces, great adjustment and some weight which helps you maintain control of the router. I don't feel that it's awkward weight, just something substantial that helps control the tool.I actually ripped a long piece or material and screwed it along the edge to increase the stability. It has holes machined in its face which allow you to do just that if you think you need it. Most cases you probably won't. I just happened to need a longer fence.Another plus is that it will fit the new 890 series so I didn't have to get another fence when I added this router to my collection.
I can do just about everything with this jig. micro adjust is nice. More than I have needed from it with the circle cutting jig
It was a good value for the price and works well. It was a little heavier than what I expected.'
I must say this is by far the best router guide for this price range I have ever bought. It works great with my PC router as well as my Milwaukee 5615 router.
Quick and easy installation and application. Used this on my most recent project and it did a stellar job, highly recommended if you need an edge guide for your PC router.
This is one solid guide, built solid of high grade material.  I have only used this item a few times since my purchase but each time it has performed above expectations.  The tool fit my Porter-Cable router as advertised.  I used the tool to cut half circles with great success.  I would recommend this tool.
A must for free hand routing. you need to put on a edge on that wood part or  work a standard measure in from the edge, this is the tool to use.
I PURCHASE THIS GUIDE ITS DEAD ON AND IT WORKS WELL I WOULD RECOMEND IT. ITS A MUST HAVE ITEM IF YOU HAVE PC ROUTER.
Affordable and very dependable kit for my router table.  It was easy to use and operate for my routing needs.  Customer service was great.  The material it is made from is very strong and light.
I finally bought this for my PC routers, and it works well.  The fine adjustment is great, and the unit adds control to the router.  The Milwaukee 5615/16 routers have a base that accepts PC accessories, and this guide fits them also.
I really like this edge guide a lot.  The only trouble is that the screws that mount it to the router don't come with either the router or the guide, and it's not a size that most people have in their shop.  It seems to be a metric M5.  I had to go chasing around to find the right screws.
This should have been standard part for the router. easy install and works with a 2 1/2 round over bit.The bit can not employ the full bite. However this makes a 2 X 4 pressure treated stick into a very nice hand rail for the outdoor ramp. I rounder all eight sides and sanded smooth. I do not use the OEM base anymore.
Didn't take long after the purchase of my PC router that the base included would not do the job.  Standard base would not accept a " round over bit.  I thought about enlarging the hole someway but thought it might leave some burrs that would mark my wood.  New base was the only solution.  The base plate accepts the larger router bits I sometimes use just fine.  The added bonus to the base plate is its clear design.  This is a good plus when using the router as you can precisely get the bit on the wood by eyesight.Clear router base plates should be standard on all routers produced IMHO.
I wanted to improve my view of what I was trying to route, and this did the trick. They should sell all routers with these clear bases.
I bought this sub-base after I purchased the PC router kit ... and could not fit a router bit through the standard base.  I doubt I'll ever go back to the standard base.  The clear base gives you a much better view, and of course, allows the use of larger bits.  Porter Cable should  just include this base with the router.
With the clear base plate installed I can see my work with out having to put my face down on top of the work. It was easy to install, I don't know why Porter-Cable doesn't sell their routers with the clear base installed.
I was needing a larger diameter hole base for the router and this one is nice. It not only allows for larger diameter bits but also allows me to view the work area. This is great even for working on inlays and close area work.
This plunge base is great for hand-held use.  It plunges smoothly and locks positively without any change in depth when you release the locking lever.  Its worst fault is the lock that retains the motor to the base.  It's a kind of wedge that is tightened with an Allen key. Its position means you can only turn the screw a half turn at a time with a standard Allen key.  A long T-handle Allen key solves that problem, but not its other fault, difficulty removing the motor from the base.  That same Allen key must be loosened several turns and then the block that acts as a wedge has to be loosened by tapping on it.  It isn't that difficult but it just seems a less annoying method could have been designed to hold the motor in place.
this base is indespencible when making bowl projects and work where you it is hard to use a fixed base
My old Craftsman wore out after 20+ years so I asked for a new plunge router for my B-day since my old one was a standard type. I was a bit disappointed when I opened the box and saw that my new router wasn't what I was hoping for. I bought this plunge base for it and it's easy to use and works like a champ. Recommended.
To be honest, even though I have been an avid woodworking hobbyist for 40 years, I have never used a plunge router.  Already having a pretty healthy herd of routers, the last thing I need was another router, so instead, I ordered this plunge router base.  I am absolutely amazed at how it changes my previously fixed base routers.  It is almost infinitely adjustable, very well manufactured and has completely revolutionized the inlay work I do.  With the plunge base, it becomes a breeze to take progressively deeper passes, to a predetermined depth with each pass, simply by turning the depth turret.This is a surprisingly useful addition to my router arsenal.  I love it.
My D-handle base came as part of a router package I bought from Amazon.com.  I can't imagine not having the D-handle.  The toggle switch on the PC 690 is not very conveniently located.  The D-handle base has the  trigger switch, which turns on and off without fumbling or taking your eyes  off the work.  In addition, I think it gives me a more stable grip than  holding the two standard knobs on the sides.  Forward-backward tilt is much  more easily controlled with the D-handle.If you get the D-handle base as  part of a package, it's obviously cheaper, but if not, I'd still recommend  considering it.
The D handle base is the SAFEST and most convenient base for PC routers.
Replaced my standard router base with this D-handle for better control when routing dovetails using a dovetail jig. Just one thing to keep in mind is the cord on a standard base 690 is too long for use with this handle. There is no good way to manage the extra cord so I shortened my cord on the router and will use an extension cord if I need to use the fixed base again. It was easy to remove the cover on the router and shorten the cord or you could just cut the cord to length and add a new plug if you are nervous about getting inside the router.
Recently took advantage of a Porter Cable combo set--buy their biscuit joiner and get their 1 3/4 HP classic router free. Good buy. Had one of these routers years ago, gave it to my son and have missed it ever since. Problem is it came with a standard two-handled base. Outfitted the router with this D-handle-- which offers great control. Only problem is the router  has a long cord which has to be bundled up when using the D-handle to keep the cord out of the way. Pricey but worth it.
I needed better control for my router as I was working on creating dovetails on the jig. This D-Handle gave me better control and handling than the normal 2 nobs. It works well on other projects, so you are not limited. I'd recommend it anyone it you want better control.
I have had the 690 Porter Cable router for years and finally committed that one to a table. This is the same motor (without the speed control) but with the "D" handle. Loads of power, really convienent to use. I find that I don't use the speed control all that much. Woodcraft offered the Porter Cable 892 kit as a replacement for this one. The guy said that Porter Cable quit making these. But this one is half the price and actually meant to be used one handed. A fine tool. BTW they still make it.
I've owned this product for about a year and it performs exactly as required.  I use this for dovetailing and for edge routing.  Very powerfull and very precise.  You still need two wrenches to change the bit, but what's new?The D-Handle is comfortable and ergonomic. Since it plugs into the handle, you can unplug the motor once it's stopped and it balances perfectly on its top.Single speed but so what, this has been in the P-C line for quite some time and still a fine tool.
This router is one of 4 that I own.  It's only 6 months old, but has quickly become my favorite.  It has plenty of power for anything I've asked of it though I use my 3.5 HP table router for big bits.  I mostly use it with a dovetail jig.  The tried and true twist-the-motor depth adjustment is quick and easy.  It's not too top-heavy and tippy like a plunge router.  The D-Handle with trigger switch looks awkward, but works extremely well in practice.  It's not loaded with bells and whistles, but simply works well.
This router is great for a first or only router because of its versatility. You can buy a plunge base if you need it, but i dont really care for it too much but it is cheaper than a new diecent router.The dhandle is a great feature it gives you alot more contol than just the two knobs found on most routers.1 1/2 hp is pleanty of power for most applications.The collet i dont mind but use real wrenches,the ones in the kit are cheap and tend to cut your fingers especially if the bit is in there really tight.The 690 series is the most popular router, many other accesories are avalible, which make it even more versitle.If this is your 1st router of your 50th, you have to have one.
I  purchased this router specifically to cut dovetails for dresser drawers and it works very well.  The handle helps me stabilize the router and control the power instantly rather than having to reach for the power switch to turn it off.  One caveat about using this product to cut dovetails in plywood veneer:  Despite trying all of the fixes I found on-line for the tear out problem, I had very poor results.  Using solid wood, however, resulted in dovetails that were tight and strong.  This router does what it's supposed to do and is a high quality product.
Am I impressed or what? This is my first PorterCable product and based on its performance, this brand has won my loyalty. The first job for this tool was to cut up some 2X12 treated lumber from old bleachers into 8&quot; souvenir sized pieces. I made more than 100 cuts in 2 hours. Although some of the boards which were damp offered slight resistance, this saw sang right through that wood with little effort and noise. It was light and easy to manuver. It made clean, smooth, consistant cuts, and the motor was barely warm when I finished. The job would probably have been a bit much for my 10 amp, 15 year old Black and Decker saw. This PorterCable saw with 15 amps of power made doing this big job a real pleasure! And its reasonably priced, too. Now, I have a quality framing tool. It's a must have for anyone with big sawing jobs to do. Thank's Amazon!
I replaced an old B&amp;D saw with this PC447. What a difference. This saw is trhe lgihtest most powerful 7.25&quot; saw you can buy. It's built very well, and the fit/finish is excellent.  The elctronic brake is worth it's  weight in gold. It's so nice to have the blade stop in a second or two  rather than waiting for the blade 10+ seconds to come to a stop like most  other breakless saws.  The dust port is exceptional. I purchased this saw  beacuse I had quite a bit of pressure treated lumber to cut and wanted to  make sure I collected all the dust without blowing it all over the lawn.  Hooked up to my shopvac, I am able to collect almost all the dust produced.  This saw is one of the best rated saws you can get and the break and dust  port made it a &quot;must have&quot; for me.
I have owned this saw for several years, and really like it.  It is very powerful and runs smooth.  I like the feature that the saw blade has a brake, and just doesn't just keep running.
When my 20 year old Sears saw died I decided to replace it with a first-rate saw. I wanted one that had a brake (for safety), a solid baseplate that could be accurately slid along a cutting guide, and that  didn't weigh a ton. This saw met all my expectations. It's as powerful as  any sidewinder on the market and weighs less than any other saw I know of.
I have owned this hose for about six years now.  It does an excellent job of catching dust from the 1-inch fitting on many of my Porter Cable tools.  I had used a Porter Cable sander with one at a friends, and was so impressed with how much better it caught the dust than my sander, I bought a new Porter Cable sander, that came with the hose, and sold my old sander on ebay.I had a "Mr. Nozzle" hose on my shop vac when I bought my sander, and the Porter Cable hose hooked up to it with no problems.  (The "Mr. Nozzle" hose is a lot better than the standard hose that comes with the shop vacuums, and is well worth the money it costs.  It flexes better, and is a lot more durable.)I have since been influenced in my tool purchases by whether they have good dust capture capabilities, and as a consequence have several more sanders that hook up to the 1-inch hose, two Porter Cable Saws, a biscut joiner, and several routers I use it with.I am satisfied enough that I am ordering another today, because I forgot mine at my sister's house and can't stand the dust that gets in the air with out it.
I have a Porter-Cable sander and biscuit joiner, and this hose works perfectly with both.  I hook it up to the shop vac, and wow.  At least 95% less sawdust in the air than with the little bags.  Highly recommended.
I've had this PC vac hose for several years now and use it quite often along with a shop vac or Fein universal step adapter for dust collection with my RO and belt sanders. The hose is 10' long overall with a 1&#34; ID cuff on one end and a 1-1/2&#34; ID coupling on the other. It's lightweight and very flexible so doesn't interfere too much with using the tools. The 1&#34; cuff on the hose fits over the dust port my Dewalt 423 RO sander directly, but I need to use it with an adapter for my Makita 9220 belt sanders dust port. This hose also comes in handy for my Bosch planer and for the dust collector attachment for my Makita RF1101 router, but I generally don't use it for that very often. This hose unavoidably gets dragged routinely across the concrete floor in my shop, but it has really held up well to the wear and abrasion. This PC hose has pretty much turned out to be a necessity for dust collection in my shop, so will definitely replace it with the same one when the time comes.
PC bought the rights to this saw from Rockwell.  I bought this (Rockwell) saw used four years ago and it is still going strong.  There were a few flaws which they seemed to have fixed.  The blade had cut a groove in the sole plate at the 45 degree angle and the power cord has pulled out a bit.But over all the saw is strong and easy to use.  You can just tell it is a quality design.My major use is on plywood but anytime I need to cut overhead this is chosen over my Skil Saw (16 lbs).  It is not a chore to get this saw out to cut plywood and I don't have to lug a big saw around.  A good blade and this saw has made my life a lot easier.  A good tool.Jon
It's really a pity that this saw is no longer made. I bought mine over 20 years ago, and since then it's built cabinets in my house, remodeled a friend's restaurant, and been loaned out many time. It's light, powerful, and cuts very smoothly with no vibration. If you're making cabinetry and not cutting 2x lumber you really don't need a 7-1/2&#34; saw. This unit is smaller, lighter, and a real pleasure to use. I'm hoping I can keep mine going for another decade or two.
I purcahsed this saw a few months back after salivating for it for a few years now.  I couldn't justify purchasing this saw when my table saw and circular saw more than do the job, but finally I got sick of using those bigger tools for small jobs and that's I finally gave in to this purchase.Now this item isn't the cheapest option available out there but by far in my eyes it's the best and worth every penny.  Right out the box with the stock blade the saw does a good job on various thicknesses of wood.  I haven't had the pleasure of using it on plexigass yet but I'll get there.  Overall though, I definitely recommend this saw but remember this is a trim saw.  You have your regular circular saw and or table saw for the big jobs.  This saw is more for the small little jobs or cutting trim, etc.  Enjoy!PS... My only complaint is that this tool does not come with a case.  In my eyes, every power tool should come with its own case.
After finally getting the saw. ( the first one came in broken durng shipping). It was put to the test and really has impressed me. It's just what the doctor ordered for trim and getting those sheets of plywood down to a workable size. The saw is powerful yet small enough to not be a burden.  I was having problems getting blades at the local stores but went back to amazon and there they are, as many as one would need.  I must admit during this transaction, I was somewhat disappointed that the first one was delivered broken but Amazon came through and made the second shipment as painless a anyone could expect.  The saw is a little pricey but worth it..... If it's trim and plywood sheets you need to size this, is the tool to buy.
I bought mine used, but it looks new and it works flawlessly.  It's smaller size and less torque make it a joy to use.  Don't confuse smaller with flimsy.  This is just as well made, accurate, and easy to use as the big ones.  It just shouts top quality.  Another thing is the blades.  The thin size reduces chip out, and they are cheaper.
.One very usefull little trim saw! Worm drive works very well and seems to handle anything lite. You can not cut a 2x4 with this so don't buy it thinking you can.The only thing porter cable should have done with it is to have provided a box for it, It was designed way back in the 30's or 40's and to this date 2007, they still do not have a box???....A Shame!The saw is much to easy to break or bend if not placed in some kind of case when transporting it. The size of this saw makes it very hard to find just the right size as well....But we have to give the tool itself 5 star because it works very very well!A bit on the "To high priced side" with out a storage however!
I've had a Porter-Cable 0314 4-1/2" Trim Saw since the 1980s - and it was such a good design, the current version is virtually identical.  E.g., mine has round knobs; new knobs are triangular!  Being corded, it will also be just as good 20 years from now, given that I won't use often enough to wear it out.  This is one tool to hand down to your children...A battery powered trim saw might be a smart choice if you will use the tool often; e.g., weekly.  Otherwise, this saw, over the long haul, will be MUCH less costly because it will never need battery, or tool, replacement.  Every battery-operated tool manufacturer periodically changes/improves their battery design.  Next generation batteries probably won't fit your [old] tool and/or will be a different voltage.  So, when the batteries die, and they all will, you'll have to replace the two batteries - and they are expensive.  Or, "your" batteries will no be longer available, so you'll have to buy a new saw.Another reviewer said his saw's sole plate was "out of parallel with the saw blade 3/64" over the length of the plate.  Mine is also off, but only by 1/64"; which hasn't been an issue when using a straightedge to guide the saw.  If it were, some judiciously placed thin washers in the adjusting mechanism would bring that to zero.Still another reviewer said his saw's sole plate was "flimsy and inaccurate".  I don't understand that comment, unless Porter Cable has used different plates.  The sole plate on my saw is very stiff steel, 1/16" thick - rolled at the edges for strength, and is attached to the saw in four places - it doesn't flex and works exactly as expected.This is a lightweight; very portable and maneuverable saw; having less torque & power than a full-sized circular saw.  Those are distinct advantages in many situations, such as using it vertically or over your head, or when cutting trim-sized stock.  On some jobs it's just more practical to use a small saw.  It's also safer than a large saw because it's lower torque means a reduced chance of the saw getting away from you.I've been happiest with this saw since a carbide blade was installed some years ago.  Although this is a terrific TRIM saw, I wouldn't recommend it for the ONLY circular saw in your toolbox.  This is because maximum cutting depths are too shallow for 2x4s and other thicker stock, and because it cuts much slower (on heavy stock) than a bigger, more powerful, saw.  It is a well-designed, professional grade tool.
I got this saw at the local home center. I can't believe how powerfull and effective it is for the price. I have used it to cut framing, pipes, exhaust parts, and other misc. household things and it never dissapoints. The quick release is a big plus, just be sure the blade is seated properly and fully before proceeding.I have used several professional models and this one seems as good as any of them.
This thing will rip through just about anything, as long as you use the correct blade for the job. Not a tool for doing neat and tidy work. This is for tearing (hence the name). I recommend you stock an assortment of blade types and lengths for each situation that you may encounter. The longer the blade, the easier they bend. Use a blade only long enough to make the cut. Keep a firm grip on it and wear your safety goggles 'cause the sawdust really flies!
The absolute best. It has all the power that you could ask for, the blades are easy to change and it cuts through anything. Very difficult to complain about perfection.
Plenty of power.  The blade change system is the best. A little weighty but overall not too bad.  An excellent choice!  The 9737 is tough, versatile & powerful.
great value for the money
I have had mine ever since they first came out and have no complaints .I would like a leather sleeve for it as it takes a lot of abuse.I am still on the original brushes as well .
I bought this belt sander to help strip the barn board floors in our 1870 farm house.  The unit worked very well to strip 85% the lacquer that would other wise instantly plug up may dewalt pad sander.  I have used roughly 20 of the 40 grit belts so far and only had to adjust the tracking only three times during heavy use.  As far as the bag unit provided I have not tried it as my wife had bought a small shop vac years ago that had the right size hose to attach to the exhaust port for instant dust removal. I did have the dust collection unit plug up once but I did use a large shop vac to blow air backwards through the sander and it cleaned out the plug instantly.  Overall I'm very pleased I bought this sander.
I've used PC tools for years, and I wouldn't own another brand of belt sander or router.  I've used and abused them, to the point of smoke coming out of the motor a few times, and after they cool off they just keep on ticking.This belt sander has a lot of power, but it's the ergonomics that make it my favorite--it's very comfortable to hold and, more importantly, to keep level when you really need to lean on it to remove some wood.  The dust bag swivels a little too easily, but it's not a show-stopper by any means.
Hands down, this takes the cake.  Variable speed makes it easy to control.  Fabulous power.  This is everything I hoped for and more.  For the homeowner or professional who wants one belt sander, this is the way to go.
I bought this sander after having bad luck with the Dewalt 3x21 belt sander.---After many hours of using the PC352vs, I will have to say--THIS IS A KEEPER!.Very well made,powerful,sands smoothly with better balance than I expected. It is made and runs just as well as my 4x24 porter cable sander. I now have four Porter Cable sanders--two orbitals and two belt sanders--they all have been great performers. I highly recommend Porter Cable sanders!
When I purchase my sander, I debated between the 3 x 21 and the 4 x 24.  Looking back, I'm glad I purchased the smaller of the two.  For a much lower price, I got a belt sander that handles all of my rough sanding  needs.  The 7 amp motor is extreemly strong and handles quick material  removal with ease.  I like the swiveling dust bag and the cord on the top  of the handle.  This keeps the bag away from your hands and the cord up off  of the work surface and away from the sanding belt.  Overall, I got even  more for my money that I originally thought.
This Porter Cable sander is a proven tool.  I have used mine on many projects, and it has performed very well.
I have only used this sander once since it came. It came on time and well packaged. WOW! It makes short work of a heavy job. I have a wooden platform area in my house that has some water damage and I need to refinish it before I sell my house. It took me a long time (over an hour) and many sheets of sand paper to remove a little patch of damage with my finish sander. My finish sander finally died and I was reluctant to spend the money on a Porter Cable sander but I did the research and finally decided it would be very worthwhile. I could've used this sander SO many times in the past and instead, I grueled over jobs with a finish sander that was not capable of doing what I wanted it to do. I am a female and I am the handy man in my house. I wanted a powerful belt sander that is competent enough to do the jobs I need it to do around my house. I love it, it appears to be VERY well made and it sounds SO good when it is running, like my circular saw. Changing the belt is super easy, just move the lever (that's made of metal btw, not plastic like other belt sanders) and put on a new belt. Alignment is easy too, just turn the knob  while it is running and it aligns perfectly. What people are saying about the variable speed dial is true, it is out of reach when in use but this does not bother me, I don't think I'll need to use it and if I do want to change the speed I'll do it when it isn't running. I recommend this Porter Cable sander to professionals and to do it yourselfers.
After purchasing -- and returning -- the Makita 3X18 belt sander, I bought  the Porter-Cable 352VS (eee my review of the Makita).  What a  difference!This sander is powerful.  I sanded three layers of old paint  off a door in about 1/2 hr.  The body is constructed of metal, giving it a  nice solid feel.  When sanding, you can simply glide the sander back and  forth, without having to push down at all.  Porter-Cable came up with a  design that gives you a lot of power, but at the same time control over  that power.  This is what a belt sander SHOULD be like.The position of  the front handle makes sense -- it is up higher than the front of the  machine, so you get a good position relative to the sanding surface.  The  handle is also designed to give you a lot to grab onto.The dust bag is  designed well.  You can swivel it in any direction to get it out of the way  while you're sanding, and it holds the dust without spilling until you're  ready to empty it out.  Also, it does a fair job collecting the dust, but  you should never expect any dust-bag system to be perfect.The meachinism  for loading and unloading sander belts is very good.  It is easy to place  the belt in the sander and then tighten it up securely.The tracking  system really holds the sander belt in place.  I placed the belt on the  sander, held it upside-down, running the sander until the belt no longer  shifted left or right.  Then I began sanding, and for the whole time I  worked, the belt did not move from center at all.  Because the housing is  made of metal, even if the belt DID move, it would not damage the sander,  as it would on machines with plastic bodies.All told, this sander is a  great combination of power and ease of use.PS: The 3X21 sander belts  that Porter-Cable makes (the purple ones) are excellent.
I bought this belt sander to replace the Porter-Cable 3 x 21 belt sander Mo. 337 I had bought used over ten years ago.  They are the same except for the dust bag connection port, the way the belt is changed, and the variable speed feature.  This new version does everything well for me and I really appreciate how easy it is to put on a new belt.  On the Mo. 337 I sometimes knocked the floor plate loose because you had to push the sander down against the floor to release the pressure.  The Mo. 352VS picks up about 80% of the dust it generates depending a little on what grit you use.  It's pretty loud as one would expect but is very aggressive and operates flawlessly for hours continuously if you can take it. Except for when I need to level glued up slabs for shelving or cabinetry after biscuit joinery, this tool does it all.  Since I'm an all out person I rarely use the variable feature. For my large slab sanding I prefer my Porter-Cable 12 amp 4 x 24 belt sander which also eats wood but with a greater appetite.
Somewhere I read that Porter-Cable made the first 3X21 belt sander creating the portable belt sander market. This sander is proof that things get better over time.The power of this sander is perfect. I especially like the variable speed feature. This feature makes it possible to reduce the speed on soft woods to minimize the problem with removing too much material, yet have plenty of power to work quickly on hard woods. The balance of the machine is such that you realize you don't have to hold this sander with a death grip, which reduces arm and shoulder fatigue. It glides over the work. The belt tracking is the best I've ever seen. Put a new belt on, make a minor tracking adjustment with the side knob and forget about belt tracking. This PC sander is of the quality to make this reviewer wonder why I waited so long to get this sander, and convince me to make my next tool a Porter-Cable. I honestly can't imagine a 3X21 belt sander that performs better than this one.
I'm pretty sure everything that should be said has been said about this belt sander.  I worked with the PC &quot;locomotive&quot; belt sander for years and that is a fantastic tool for heavy duty, continuous surface sanding.  However, if you are looking for &quot;medium range&quot; belt sander (not too heavy, not too light) and versatile (can sand large surfaces, but is also capable of fine control for things like sanding the joints of frame and panel doors) this is the sander for you.  I find this model versatile enough for all purposes even to use one handed for scribing panels, trim and moulding on site.  The DeWalt variable speed 3 x 21 is too heavy for one-handed use, and the super light plastic belt sanders made by DeWalt, Makita and Black &amp; Decker are worth avoiding.Belt changes are simple, belt tracking is spot on, dust collection is quite good and the noise level is worthy of hearing protection during extended use.  The dust bag and cord placement is fine once you get used to it, and as with any power tool don't let your mind, power cord or fingers wander (my sympathies to the poor guy who got his fingers sucked up inside... that's gotta hurt!).  The clogging of the dust intake (not common with finer grits of sanding belts, but I've had chunks of wood get sucked up in there too) can be cleaned with a blast of compressed air from the outlet (where the dust bag fits on) back down.  Although it would be good to have a vacuum hook-up to use instead of the dust bag, I've always found that dragging the hose around while your sanding becomes more of a pain than it's worth.Powerful, reliable and a joy to use.  Highly recommended.
I have never had a sander like this before, but when I was refinishing a desk for a lady , I decided to get one. I compared several other units and decided on this one. I love the variable speed and with a course grit belt, it made light work of the 3 coats of paint I had to remove. it is very maneuverable  and the dust catcher works great also.  I used a light grit belt and some light hand sanding  for the polyurethane finish and the lady's words were: &#34;you turned my old desk into a thing of beauty&#34;  .
This sander is very high quaility, and will last for years. It is very powerful, you can sand anything in about 1/2 time compared to a normal belt sander, because you can put so much pressure on it. It works great and the  dust bag is great, it holds alot of dust and has yet to rip. The sander is  also very stable, ive used it for hours with no fatigue. the speed is also  very easy to adjust, just with a simple flick of your thumb. I highly  reccomend this belt sander.
I used the same belt sander that I bought from a pawn shop for 20 years. I was sad when it finally died. Now I am happy. This sander is almost ideal. Some have complained about the dust collection. I find it works well if you empty the bag often.
I bought this sander to replace a 3&#34; x 18&#34; belt sander that went up in smoke after using it for more than 20 years.  Compared to the 3 x 18 sander a 3 x 24 sander is more than twice as efficient. The dust collector works very well but only gets about 80% of the dust.  I use a 20 x 20 box fan with furnace filter over the suction side to collect the bulk of the airborne dust.  I read a review about a 4 x 24 sander but opted of the 3 x 24 because of the lighter weight.  I'm glad I did because this unit is a comfortable weight.  You don't have to put pressure on the unit for it to work well.  I'm very pleased with this product and would recommend it for the average home workshop.
This sander literally is a horse!!!!! Big,heavy,and powerful. So powerful I dial the variable speed back to control it. Very hard to control at the fastest speed.Dust collection is good but not superb like the makita 9910 3x18 I also own.Heavy weight increases stock removal. Works great for leveling tables.
I had bought the Porter Cable 4&quot; Whisper Series about a year ago. I previously used a 3x21&quot; Sears. Did the job, but this PC is in a whole different category. Some of the more important features: Positive tracking-when you set the belt adjusting knob, the belt stays adjusted. Some belt sanders creep on you, and require frequent resetting. Annoying to say the least. Also the belt change feature is nice. A simple lever you pull out, then push back in. Quiet-you do not have to wear ear protection to use this. Hearing protection is always a good idea though. It is heavy, but to me this is an advantage. You don't have to push down on the unit, in order to get the job done. To those who mention that you have to keep an eye on the machine, because it can take away too much material too fast, that is because they are using a coarser grit than is required for the task. Finer grades give you more flexibility, and removal is more gradual and even. A belt sander is not designed to replace a finish sander.With the larger 4&quot; footprint, it is possible to remove a lot of material fast, without digging troughs in the work, which is possible with many belt sanders. Troughs-ridges show in the finished product. For fine finishes that are even and flat, a dedicated planer, then a finish sander, and finally a fine grade of hand sanding will give you the desired result.The Porter Cable 4&quot; is the best belt sander I have ever used. I would not hesitate to take on a floor refinishing task with this unit. If I was doing it for a living, I would of course persue a walk behind.This is a no nonsense sander. Heavy duty. Lay it on the board, and hold on. Makes short of a lot of work. Feels like it will last a lifetime. Definitely a leader in the pack, and worth the money.
I needed a sander that was capable of fixing uneven surfaces over a large, flat area, and I didn't have the budget for a drum sander or a wide-belt sander.  I had heard horror stories about the difficulty involved in using a belt sander, too... so I was a little apprehensive about buying one.  The philosophy I followed was to buy the best one made, and from all I'd read, that was the Porter Cable 362VS.There are two types of problems that one can encounter when using a new tool... the first is a problem with the tool itself, the second is a problem that the tool creates (e.g., gouging the wood is a good example).  With this tool, I've never encountered either type of problem.  The 362VS is a brute, however... it's heavy (which is good), and it wants to "walk" across your wood... so you spend a lot of time pulling it toward yourself.  In a VERY short time, however, you'll master the technique, and the results are spectacular.I made some checkerboards where the dark wood was 1/16" higher than the light wood.  This would have meant a lot of sanding with the random orbit sander.  It's the kind of task you always see the drum sanders doing in their advertisements.  The 362VS can take one of those boards down to dead flat in about 1 minute.  It is amazing... not just the speed of the task, but the quality of the product.Here's an opinion and some advice... If you've wanted a belt sander for belt-sanding tasks, this is the one to get.  If you've been eyeing those drum sanders that cost more than twice what the 362VS costs, you might want to consider the 362VS as a great alternative that can do not only the same task as a drum sander, but is also much more versatile and consumes very little space in the ol' shop.Don't cut corners, however.  Don't read this review and then go out and buy a cheap belt sander... get the one that can handle the job... get the quiet one... get the one with the best tracking... get one with plenty of power... get the 362VS!5 stars again for Porter Cable!
I have had alot of experience with the Porter Cable sanders.  My previous job requiered laminating and the use of a good belt sander was a must.  the only product we used were the Porter Cables.  At that time they were still the same size and shape but lacked the power and the variable speed.  a great addition to a nearly perfect sander.  Since working at that job I  have used many other brands of sanders and can easily say that if I had not started with the Porter Cable I would probably not have ever purchased one for my own use.  The smaller brands 3 inch models lack the foot print to get a good surface area and tend to have a bad design with the motor.  For starters.  The motor should be centered so that the unit does not wable when used.  The Porter cable is the only  model I have found that does not have this problem.  Secondly, it may appear nice to have a light tool, but in acutality the weight does two things.  It keeps the unit flat and allows the sander to do the work for you.  In other words, with the light units force must be applied to the sander to perform a even job.  this is difficult if your product is very large.  The Porter cable's weight allows the sander to apply the pressure for you.  The other great benefit of the Porter Cable is the belt guide.  It keeps the belt true to the frame.  a serious problem with many other sanders.  I have had over three years experiance  with this tool and will say that it is deffinately one of my favorite purchases.  Spend the extra money and be satisfied with  the results you can achieve with a good belt sander.  ...
I've had the opportunity to use many different belt sanders over the years. This one is hands down the best one you can buy. Superb engineering, and design, coupled with flawless manufacturing produces this gem. You simply can't go wrong with this sander. I especially like the variable speed feature. This thoughtful feature makes it possible to adjust your at load speeds which helps with softer material. An architect friend and I have used these sanders on many materials including wood. The 3X21 model is this boys little brother, which I found to be a benefit when I need to work upside down. If you're looking for a belt sander, this one will keep you happy.
This moose is possibly the best tool on the market for large, flat surfaces.  Use it for table tops and counter tops.  It works especially well for flattening self-edges for plastic laminate work.At over fifteen pounds, it's too heavy for delicate work or small projects, but get it on a large area and it floats effortlessly across the surface.The new whisper series feature is a treat and the dust bag works very well.  All in all this tool gives the most bang for the buck in it's class.  But do yourself a favor-buy a couple of little sanders to keep big boy company.
Some may find this sander too heavy. It takes strong hands and arms to hold on to this sander when it is running at full speed. This powerhouse sander will do the heavy sanding you need to accomplish and in short order.  I have used it to shape wood. I have used it to do flooring and decks. It is an excellent sander and will not waste sand paper.  The belt tracks very well, all the time. It is of high quality and is American Made.
This is a beast of a sander but it is still very manageable.  I am still amazed at how quiet it is (you still need earplugs) compared to some other belt sanders that I have used.  The controls are very well thought out and easy to operate.This sander is POWERFUL!  Don't accidentally set it down while is running or you might very well sand a hole through to China!If you want to remove a lot of material, this machine is for you.
I recently purchased this tool to use in some detailed trimwork that I am installing in my house.  I find the tool to be easy to use and quickly does the job for which it was made.I have seen some reviews that state that the adhesive backed sand paper doesn't stick well to the profiles. When I first tried to apply sandpaper to a profile I learned that it would not stick. But then I realized that the rubber profile had a powder-like substance on them, a residue of the manufacturing process. I cleaned that off and there was no problem with it sticking. Just like any other adhesive-backed product, the surface must be clean before applying the adheasive-backed product. Sort of a "duh" moment. Not a problem with the sander's profiles.I also have had no problem with the profiles staying in. Just make sure that they are fully seated in the holder clip that grips the profiles.  Also, for additional sticking power on the adhesive-backed sandpaper, I recommend that you run the paper up the sides of the profile to almost the edge of the clip that holds the profile.All sandpaper clogs after some use.  The smaller pieces will clog faster than the large pieces of sandpaper on, say a 6-inch random orbital sander. But I have had no problem with that.  I understand how the use the tool and the sandpaper that is used with it.The first time I used it, I left a black mark on the wood. Another "duh" moment. I realized that I didn't cut the paper quite wide-enough to cover the entire contact surface of the profile. A new, properly cut piece applied and no more black streaks.I saw another comment about the profiles not matching every job. It would be IMPOSSIBLE to design profiles that *match* every profile of wood to be sanded. The trick is to practice and learn (quickly) how to use the existing profiles in ways that may not be immediately obvious. And one reminder that applies to ANY sander, don't hold it in one place too long or you'll remove more material than you wanted to remove.I am quite happy with my new profile sander and believe that I will use it many times in the future as I continue to improve the value of my home. I would have no problems recommending this tool to others.
I have been building cabinets, rasied panels, bookcases, furniture, built-in shelves, wainscoting, and you name it for my home.  I pride myself on accuracy and quality of workmanship like most people.  It's hard to imagine a "power" tool as being elegant, like say a Lie-Nielsen brass hand plane.  But, this is one of those rare jewels.When I turned this sander on I was literally stunned at how smooth, quiet and effortless the sanding was.  I just let it "float" along the wood using it's own weight to do the work along with a fine sandpaper.  This unit is perfectly balanced and produces truly flawless finishes.I have the Polished Aluminum Model called the 505H Heritage  Model.  I clean it up every time I'm done, and I bought a special padded case for it to keep it pristine but useful.I can hardly believe I'm writing so much about a sander but lets face it, when you're all done building something, after the final sanding there is nothing like the tactile feel of silky smooth wood on a job well done.  This tool will help you achieve that level.Hope that helps.
I've been using this sander since 1976.  Back then, it was made by Rockwell.  Porter Cable bought out their tool division several years ago.  They know a timeless design when they see one and this sander needed no improvement.  This is a heavy, heavy duty orbital sander.  It uses its own weight to do the job.  Using half sheets of sand paper, it cheaper to operate over the long run over having to buy round sheets that come 4 or 6 to a pack and can be pricey.Since I've owned this unit, I've only had to replace the power cord, thats it, and it was in a production shop environment for 3 years.  I have used it in place of a belt sander at times, with an aggressive grit paper, its that good.  Highly recommended for the serious wood worker.
This is the finest sander on the market.Virtually vibration free and no swirl marks. The PC 505 simply floats across the work surface. I actually look forward sanding my projects. I can use it for hours without the fatigue I experience with random orbit sanders and get a much better finish. As another reviewer noted it lacks dust collection. I'm not to impressed with any of the dust collection systems I've seen on other sanders anyway. Buy or build yourself a sanding table, and sand away. This is far and away the best power tool purchase I have ever made.
I used to work in a cabinet shop in the '70's. That is, the 1970's before Ipods and the internet. We used this exact same model then! It worked very well and lasted forever (at least until I left after 7 years).Now, 30 years later, my cheap B&D; sander long ago gave up the ghost. My small Porter Cable orbital sander is beginning to fail. I Googled "the best orbital sander" and was totaly amazed this Porter-Cable 505 unit is still being made and is still the best. It if very easy to use, as it uses a 1/2 sheet of sand paper. The clips to hold the paper work easily and well. I just started using the new sander this last week. Brings back fond memories and it really removes the wood. I just ordered another 1/4 sheet orbital sander (Porter-Cable) for finish work, but this big unit works great for large surface areas and does NOT leave swirls.I must have gotten weaker and older over the years, because I did not remember how heavy this unit is. This unit is NOT for small, frail hands. It vibrates and it is heavy. But, when it is flat on a work surface, it does the job as intended. A great piece of equipment.
After about ten years of use I have nothing but praise for the 505. Certainly does what it's designed for and continues without fail. Honestly a tool that's a pleasure for me to use in that it has a good feel and balance to itRecently replaced the cord and found the Delta/Porter Cable (SeviceNet)online parts system easy to navigate and with very reasonable prices for parts and shipping. I suppose the lack of dust collection can be a minus but for me personally I don't use dust collection except for table saw, although I do wear a mask when sanding. Excellent tool with exceptional durability.
Everything came in in great time and was packaged very well. The price on it was great also. Just as listed.
This Porter Cable Speed Bloc quarter sheet sander is a great product as all Porter Cable products.  It is light weight.
I purchased one of these a couple of years ago to finish sand the maple  cabinets I was making for my wife's kitchen.  They are pretty much  one-of-a-kind in that the raised panels are made from Eastern Curly Maple  and the stiles and rails are Birdseye Maple.  The point is, of course, this  is a super hard wood, that is difficult to work with, and takes a while to  sand.  This sander worked flawlessly, efficiently, and more importantly,  comfortably through twenty-five of these doors.  I think that is what  really sets this little sander apart from all in its class.  It is quiet,  and its ergonomics make it a pleasure to use. It does use slightly more  than one-quarter sheet of sandpaper, though, to cover its base and fit in  the clamps. I readily recommend this sander for finish applications.Handy Dan
This is one of my all time favorite power tools. It's easy to load and it's super smooth to operate. I keep the clamp lever attached to the power cord using a zip tie to make sure it's always handy. It also helps a lot to use it out doors if possible but if you are using it indoors try and have some air/filtration dust collection solution to protect your lungs and keep your home or workplace clean. There have been a few times when the counter-balance got stuck so it vibrated but if you power it off and tap it with your hand a few times the balance will free up and all will be vibration free again.
What a great sander. We have been using these simple 330 Bloc sanders for years, we usually have three or four laying around the shop. They are easy use, do a great job preparing for furniture finishing (leaving minimal sanding marks). They go through a lot of abuse with us over the years and they keep on taking it. I've seen the price rise over the last few years, as well as the manufacturing move from the U.S. to Mexico, still a good sander.
The Speed-bloc is very well built and much quieter than ordinary palm sanders.  It does an excellent job and due to it's lower than normal vibration, doesn't put your hand to sleep in the process.  This machine is comfortable to grip and the on/off switch is conveniently located.  Changing paper is quick and easy (with or without the little tool they provide).  The Speed-bloc is an excellent old design that Porter-Cable was smart enough to leave alone.
I used one of these in a cabinet shop when I was 18, where I really gained a solid appreciation for quality power tools.  I have had one since 1990, and use is constantly.  The only things that have had to be replaced are the pad, the power switch and the cord in all that time.  The frame is metal and built for professional use.  It is louder than the newer Porter Cable sander that I bought, but this one still works, the other one died after 2 years of daily use.  The newer sander came with dust collection, which I thought I would like.  However, the holes that have to be punched in the paper for the dust ports greatly shortens the life of the sand paper, and the plastic components just didn't hold up. To sum up, this sander is loud, dusty, and does exactly what it was made to do.  I use one daily and wouldn't trade it for anything else.
This is a great little tool, much better than my PC 340k. Just alot more comfortable during long sanding sessions. Built like a tank, vibration free, and no swirl marks. It's definetly worth the few extra dollars it costs over the competition. Other 1/4 sheet sanders just don't compare. Pair this sander with the PC 505 1/2 sheet sander and your finish sanding needs are covered.
I bought this sander because of the excellent reviews and have not been disappointed.  It is a very well made piece of equipment that makes sanding jobs a snap.  I would like it if Porter-Cable made these in the USA instead of Mexico - I would even pay a bit more for it under those conditions.
Great vibrations.  Fast removal of material.  Easy to use sand paper sheets with.  I love it!!!  Powerful!!!  Thanks Porter Cable.
Well, if you need the best finish sander in the business, then you are looking in the right direction.  It has every quality you look for.  easy of operation,  quality of work.  great for production shops or DIY. if you want to buy one sander that will last and last and last.  this is the one.  Longevity is the speed-bloc's best feature.  years and years of service.
I've owned five power hand sanders (two Craftsman, two PC, and a B&D;) and used many more.  The Speed Bloc is hands down the quietest and best balanced sander I have used.  You can't even believe how little noise and vibration this makes.  If you use a sander extensively, this means a lot as it reduces your fatigue.As it is not a random orbit sander you will need to watch for swirl marks. I also own two random orbit sanders as there are many things they cannot do well - like detail sanding and rounding of edges.Despite a few quirks, I very solidly give it FIVE stars.Some tips and cautions:1) If it is COLD (below 35F) it has problems starting up due to the rubber isolators being very stiff.  If you have a garage shop as I do, you'll have to keep it in the house until you use it.2) No dust extraction - use a downdraft table, mask, etc.3) If you are not using PSA or hook-loop, you probably will want to put 3-4 pieces of sandpaper in at a time so you don't spend so much time swapping new paper in.4) The paper changing tool is something you do NOT want to misplace.  Zip tie it to your power cord.5) The paper changing tool works better if you put it in a vise and bend the top inch about ~10 degrees.6) The sander is taller than most 1/4 sheet sanders - this can make it harder to get into corners or small spaces.7) "Break" your paper to improve it's life (run it across an edge to flex the grains)  This also makes it easier to fold and tear
I have a 15 year old model that uses sticky discs instead of hook&loop and no vac attachment. I have many hours on this sander and it has fallen off the work bench to the concrete floor and the ground many times...nothing has ever broke; This sander takes a licking and keeps on ticking. I had to replace the pad once. It has been extremely reliable and does a great job of swirl free sanding. It really slings out the dust,so a vac-setup on it would be great,which the new models come with. I highly recommend this sander!
It's another of the collection of tools we use to make our renovation projects easier. Picked it because of our mostly good experience with Porter Cable. It does awesome work. And, the dust collection system, which is absolutely essential for our work, just about does away with dust completely. That's a great plus for indoor projects such as refinishing wall paneling, hardwood, etc., where you can't have dust going all over the house and you'd really rather not have to tape up plastic everywhere.Unlike other writers, we've found the dust collection system to be great when hooked to our portable vacuums. We also like the hook and loop and have had zero problems with it, despite this sander's power. It's a big improvement over our five inch sanders for larger projects. That one inch difference is unbelievable. We're going to buy more of them.
I use this sander primarily to strip paint of the bottom of my sailboat and it works great.  Vacuum dust collection is required by the marina and this works fine as well.  However, there will still be dust in the air and the combination of sander and vacuum is noisy so a good dust mask and ear plugs should be used.  I have been using the sander for 3 years and it has not given me any problems.  I use mostly 60 and 80 grit disks which make the tool moderately aggressive at removing paint, but not enough to mar the surface.  I also keep the variable speed setting at the highest level, so I have not found this feature very useful.  The only drawbacks are that it is a little heavy for overhead use and the cord/vacuum hose makes it a little cumbersome to maneuver.  If you are going to own just one sander, then this is the one to get.  It is more aggressive than the pad type sander so that it can be used for moderate paint removal, but can also be used for delicate finish work as well.
If this is what you need, then it's exactly the thing for you.  OEM replacement for a sander pad, so anyone that needs one should know exactly what they're getting anyway.
This worked just like the one that came on the sander. It was easy to install and I am very pleased with it.
This pad was purchased to replace the very old and worn pad for my PC 333 orbital sander.  The old unit literally disintegrated when I was last using the device, so I ordered two replacements (just in case).  Product shipment, delivery, and packaging were all excellent, and the product -- a genuine Porter Cable part -- installed perfectly on the sander with absolutely no fuss.All in all, an excellent experience and great replacement part.
THOUGHT I HAD TO TOSS OUT MY SANDER WHEN THE PAD FELL APART AFTER ABOUT 10 YEARS OF USE. HAPPY TO FIND THIS PART WHICH IS PERFECT. SANDER IS GOOD FOR ANOTHER 10 YEARS. AT A GREAT PRICE .....
Factory pad for the Porter-Cable 333 sander is good quality and easy to replace.Reasonable price on Amazon.
My Porter-Cable gets a lot of use and the pad will eventually loose it's &#34;grip&#34;.  When using the sander one should not use excessive pressure as I think this is the reason the pads will fail after about a year of heavy use.  Believe it or not, I get impatient and apply too much pressure which I believe develops excessive heat causing the velcro to fail.  When this happens, the sand paper will only loosely attach only to fly off.  Then it is time to put on a new one.  For the price of a replacement, I'll gladly fork over the dough to get away from the old stick backed sanding discs.
So easy to replace it take 3 or 4 tork screws and that's it.  You don't realize how nice to have your tools 100 percent working till you fix them.Easy fit.
A new pad makes the sander hold sanding disks the same way it did when it was new.
In our shop the Porter Cable finish sander sees a lot of use. None the less I was surprised at how soon it wore out.  Clearly the Hook and Loop pad is it's weak link.  I also feel that the price was too high.
Mine replacement was also thinner than the original. As per other reviews I used washers to make up for the thinner material. Once that was done the replacement worked great. Thanks to all who review their products and give us suggestions.
Been using them for years.  They do get old if your a hobbyist user like myself and need replacement from time to time, but they do have a good shelf life and hold the finishing paper tightly to the surface.  When they get old, removing the sanding disc will pull the hook and lop surface off the rubber pad.  Then you know its replacement time.
It fits; it works; it was easy to install; I expect it to last another decade, just like the original one did.
I bought this to replace a disposable item on the 5 inch sander.  It is expected to eventually fail and it did.  The replacement works well.
returns my sander to just like it was when it was new - no more sandpaper flying off due to worn velco
The pad is an easy replacement and works beautifully. What they don't tell you is that it that the pad ALSO replaces the regular 333 sander. I couldn't find any info on this so I just took a chance. The 333 and 333VS ARE interchangeable. I really like shopping Amazon. So here's your plug. Lane Hall
Identical to original part.  Use caution during removal offailed pad so that sanding dust does not enter the mounting holes making the attachment screws appear too long. Reports of &#34;need shorter&#34; screws read on a number of reviews!
I was very happy that Amazon had this part available.  My sander is quite oold, but this pad allowed me to continue using this fine sander.  It is easy to install, and is just like the factory original.  It sure beats throwing away a perfectly good sander just because the pad was defective.
These sanders are nice, light, powerful and last forever. Many idiots have my sander and it has taken a few falls, but still works with no unusual noises  and i like the hook and loop, but if you dont you can simply un  screw the pad and put on an adhesive backed pad. You dont realize how  useful the varible speed is unless you sand in tight quarters or alot of  refinshing. Also the hard dust cup is great better then the stupid bags or  little dust boxes. I would by this over the bosch or makita any day
This sander seems to work much, much better than the Dewalt.  The dust collection seems to be better (not as much dust flying around in the air while using it) and it does not get as hot as the Dewalt.  Also there are not any consumables on this sander  that you're going to have to buy.  With the DeWalt, there is an O-ring that needs replacing every once in while for its dust collection.  Better yet, the base takes either 5 or 8 hole sanding discs.  Much better sander with regard to operation, dust collection, and cost.
If you're looking for a good sander this is it.  Porter Cable makes good equipment.  This sander is easy to use and works very well.  It's built very well.  Mine uses the hook and loop sanding pads which I personally like better than the adhesive stick on type.  If you need a good dependable sander this one will do the job for you.
I have owned this sander for about a year and have been very pleased with it.  It is a very comfortable tool to use, and with the hook and loop system makes it very easy to change the sand paper.
You can not go wrong with this sander for a finish that is perfect. Even someone with little skill will find this an esay use tool. I would recommend this tool as the only sander needed by most people.  Weekender - this is your sander.  Handy person this is your sander. Woodworker - try it you will love it. Very low price for a high quality power tool.
This is my pick for the best RO sander. It runs smoother than the others . It is not the fastest sander in the world but you can run it much longer without having a numb hand. The dust collection is great. The little  canister is easy to dump and you're back at it in no time. Variable speed  is a must for fine work. You don't always want full power. like when you  just want to ease an edge on a nice piece of prize furniture. You can dial  it down real low if you want to. This coupled to the pad control feature  means no ruined work, ever. I use this sander far more than my Dewalt,  Bosch and Makita RO sanders
Great for smaller jobs and occasional work "in-place." Easy to use and no maintainance. But you will want to look at the very reasonably priced PorterCable belt sanders for larger jobs like doors, or large flat finished surfaces. But if you can only afford one tool to get started or are just getting started, this one is the one to start with.
This is a very heavy duty saw. I bought it to help with installations in my kitchen cabinet business and it is an excellent tool. I saw on some reviews that there were problems changing the blades, it really is technique; to remove the blade after you press the release lever you must twist the blade left and right and pull out of the socket, it is a tight fit in the slot and the lock exerts a lot of pressure so you have to twist it out. I have been using this saw for the last 6 years, I have no complaints and I am happy I have it. It cuts straight and square and the orbital feature works like a dream when you need to cut really thick pieces of lumber thanks to the 6 amp motor. It works great too when you have to cut delicate pieces as well. I will recommend it to anyone who wants a quality tool.
I've been using this router for trim carpentry for several months now, and it has worked really well on the job.  Like other reviewers mentioned, the collet did tend to occasionally seize, but I fixed this problem by applying a little powdered graphite lubricant to the collet mechanism.  Now it releases like a charm.  Use of graphite seems like a minor maintenance issue given the performance of this router.I mainly use beading, round-over, and small straight cutting bits to modify oak, poplar, and MDF trim.  The router's small size makes it easy to modify trim in place when necessary and to work on small pieces.  The base's diameter provides a really good balance between stability and small size.Since I use this router for woodworking and it spins faster than conventional larger routers, I wanted to make sure that the bits that I use could safely withstand the higher rpms.  I contacted Freud and they strictly advised me not to use their woodworking bits in it.  A Milwaukee company representative also told me not to use their bits.  People at the local Bosch service branch said that their bits would be safe to use.  When I contacted the Whiteside Machine company, a plant manager took the time to correspond with me and make some bit selection suggestions.  The Whiteside bits are not only safe at higher rpms, but Fine Woodworking magazine rated them as the best in a recent test and Norm Abram (New Yankee Workshop) recommends them too.  So I've been using Whiteside bits and have been impressed with their sturdy construction (very substantially built) and quality of cut.Of course, for moderate to serious stock removal, get out the larger router.
This is clearly a very well built router.  The height adjustment is brilliant!  I have a rather noisy PC 690 router and was delighted to find that the PC 310P is much quieter.  The starting &quot;kick&quot; referred to in another review is definately there but not nearly as much as I expected.  For anyone considering a small router or laminate trimmer this is an excellent way to go!
I have the pleasure of having 3 of these routers. All made in the USA. I am a tool junkie to say the least. This is by far the best of the trim routers I have. It is a joy to use. I also have a Bosch Colt with variable speed that is nice. Also a Ryobi TR30U that is a great little router and a DeWalt trimmer. The P-C just feels better in my hand and is  easier to adjust then the others. Sometimes the collet sticks but a small tap with the arbor wrench on the collet nut is all it takes. I myself love the 2 wrench set up instead of the single wrench on the Bosch and DeWalt trimmers. If P-C would put a variable speed or 2 speeds on this router it would be great ! Maybe even a self releasing collet to top it off. Oh and the P-C should be made in the USA for the money that they get for it. What a shame that its made in Mexico now.
Since Porter Cable has pushed its 7310 laminate trimmer as its primary trim router, the 310 has become less familiar with the general public but has remained the production stop standard for professional woodworkers. With its outstanding quality and precision construction, I imagine that the $159 310 is significantly more expensive to produce than the 7310, and is thus not at a competetive price point with the $100 trimmers made by DeWalt, Bosch, and others. Those routers are OK, but they pale in comparison with the 310. See my review of the 7310 for a critique of this second-rate machine.The 310 is a small little horse of a router. It has micro adjustment and is exceptionaly accurate. It has none of the numerous flaws that plague the 7310 and the other "Rotozip" style trimmers. Against the advice of my cabinetmaker colleagues, I originally purchased a 7310 as my sole laminate trimmer, thinking I'd save a few bucks. I was so unimpressed with it and its inaccurate base and adjustment mechanism that I sidelined it for 1/8" roundover work and purchased a 310 instead. I now own three 310's and have them set up for my commonly needed tasks. One cabinetmaker in my shop has a dozen 310 trimmers. Now that's an enthusiastic fan!As for the complaints by other reviewers about the collet not letting go of the bits, that's a problem I have not yet encountered. Sometimes I have to tap the collet with the wrench and then the bit comes right out. Of the 20 or so guys in my shop that have this router, none have complained about bits that refuse to come free. Perhaps the other reviewers left the bit in for a very long time and the bit shanks rusted to the collet??? Not sure, but hasn't been a problem for me.The only bummer about the 310 is that PC has discontinued production of the excellent optional bases for the machine. The offset and angle bases as well as the laminate slitter are the finest available. I say "available" because even though they are no longer sold complete by PC, you can buy the individual parts and assemble your own, though this isn't cheap. Used and new-old-stock bases are also available on Ebay and other sources, but their relatively high prices attest to the die-hard following this router has among professional woodworkers. Don't let that put you off though, since most trim work is straight trimming and these bases are rarely needed. If you ever find that you really need, say, an offset base, go ahead and splurge on the parts and build your own.I just can't say enough about this router. You can spend $100 on a second-rate glorified "Rotozip" trimmer or spend $159 on this little gem and be set for years to come. Well worth every penny!
When reading Woodworking with a router, I noticed the author stated, that after getting a standard size router, your second router should be a laminate trim router. It is so versatile. Since it is smaller than most routers, it is more manageable. Shop made jigs using a router, are best done with one of these. Since it takes the standard 1/4&quot; bits, it makes it a convenient, multi use tool.If you do a lot of counter top, laminate work, their combo pack, with the different bases, is the top choice. Saves a lot of money over buying the individual bases.I looked at some overseas, and the Ryobi model, and decided to spring for the Porter Cable. The metal base, and fine adjust feature, and metal housing, set it apart. This is a professional level piece of equipment. Should give you many years of trouble free performance.When you are doing fine work, the lightness, and ease of visibility afforded by this router, is unmatched.If I had to be critical of it, I would say that when changing a bit, I remove the base, which isn't that hard, for easy access. The base is designed to come on and off real easy, since it is one part of a multi base system.All in all, definitely 5 stars. The more you use it, the more it will become your favorite one.
Got this to put 1/8" round overs on larger table tops. Works like a porter cable, great. It has plenty of power to run any smaller 1/4" shank bits. So easy to just grab this insead of setting up the regular top heavy routers. Best price here and free shipping!!
This, the standard to which others are compared, remains a premium contender even with variable, and LED-lit models coming out now.  It's small and powerful, with precisely ground guides for the vertical adjustment.  One will note that even after Stanley bought Black and Decker, which had earlier bought Porter-Cable, this item remained in production, and will for many years to come.
There are a lot of tools I buy that are not Porter-Cable, but I have always been happy with their routers so all my routers are Porter-Cable. The trim router is definitely not a great choice for everything, but is great for smaller stuff as it can be handled with one hand and is quick to get the work done. The set-up is not as precise but is fast and easy to use, such as round overs on trim. If you need a bigger router for heavier and more precise work I use the 690LR and it is also a great router.Note: Be aware that this router only accepts 1/4&#34; collets so if you have 1/2&#34; bits for a larger router they will not work with this. I also bought &#34;MLCS 6077 Woodworking 1/4-Inch shank Carbide-tipped Router Bit Set, 15-Piece&#34; when I bought this even though I have close to 100 1/2&#34; collet bits.
I've been using this little router for some 20 years now and it is my go-tool for any most of my routing tasks.  I have half a dozen routers in the shop, including some very expensive and precision units, but this little guy is so handy that unless I need super stability or precision micro-adjustments, I grab this one.  It has done miles of laminate and counter-edge trimming of oak and other hardwoods, and after probably hundreds of hours of use it is still running as new.Is it perfect?  No.  The height adjustment is at best, primitive.  I've just learned how to set its depth-of-cut with minimum follow-up corrections.  The nut that is supposed to secure the base to the body needs to be tightened with pliers, since hand tightening is just not enough to prevent it from loosening and then moving during a cut.  My trimmer came with the full laminate-trimming kit in a nice steel carrying case, and back when laminate counter tops were still acceptable in kitchens, this kit was great.I routinely abuse this little machine by doing long 12&#8221; radius roundovers on long beams and such, and it has never overheated or shown any signs of stress. I like the fact that it has a shaft-lock so that only one wrench is required to change bits.  The button is not very well placed, however, and I seem to hit it occasionally during use.  No damage has resulted, but it makes a lot of noise and is no doubt not good for the tool.  Also, the power switch is not placed well, as it is a two-handed operation to shut the machine off.Bottom line:  After more than 20 years of use, I'd replace this tool with another just like it.
I tried these in the oven at 350 for 12 minutes and they taste like wood and didn't rise?just kidding :Pi have not used these but they are what they are, they are solid and good quality and hope to put them to good use soon.
This product has been a great product great price with great service to get them to us usually the next day.
The assorted biscuits were exactly what I needed, packaged well and delivered promptly.  Thank you! bogie sends
I took a quick look at the biscuits to see if they were usable (not chipped, broken, improperly pressed, etc.) and saw the nearly all (over 95% in my estimation) were ready for use.Buying in bulk means you do not get the nice plastic storage containers, but for the cost savings it is worth it.  Besides, a clean, relabeled peanut butter container works just as well!
I looked at the 50 pack at the local home improvement store.  For not too much more money I got a box of 1000.  These are the exact same quality you would get from the local stores, came in a Porter Cable box as well.
I use these a lot in my woodworking and am very pleased with the quality and consistency of this brand.  Even better, my wife got a look at these and they turn out to be perfect for many details on her crafts projects  (like leaves, flower petals, etc.)
These fit my new Harbor Freight joiner slots just fine.  Maybe there are a few not perfect but I din't find them.  Seems PC has listned to the rumbles regarding the number of bad pieces. (Or I got lucky).  I am very happy with these.  I don't use that many but at this price they are cost effective.  I will use the food save vacuum thingy to keep them fresh.
I have a Porter Cable biscuit jointer. I have used this product for several years and never had one problem. Oh sure you find the occasional one that is deformed or bad but not enough to worry about. You can't beat the price
I purchased these to keep on hand and the price for the kit vs the other brands 100/packs makes this a great deal.  It'll likely be a good while till I need to purchase more biscuits.  Would gladly recommend them.
Saved a lot of money here over the local big box home improvement store and will buy this again when I run low on biscuits
Upon receiving my product I gave it a thorough inspection as always and and found no damaged biscuits in any way, nor did the box have any damage to it in any way "Both shipping and product box".
They fit well,  they arrived well packaged with no swelling,  and at this price, they're almost a steal
Well what is there to say, it has several sizes, they fit, they work, and its a better deal than those little bags in hardware stores, and yet not big, like the bulk boxes sold to contractors.
Just like most any other of Porter Cable's products - these biscuits are a good products.  I like the fact that these are only the 0, 10, and 20 sizes,  since they are the sizes that I use most. I own a Makita plate joiner and so the &#34;FF&#34; sizes are not useful to me or most plate joiner owners other than those with Porter-Cable.
These are the smallest biscuits available and are of limited use, but the excel for those uses.  They are narrow enough to use for joining face frames on cabinets, but I prefer to do that with a Kreg jig and no biscuits.I use these mainly for joining small picture frames and box corners.  The only other method in these applications is a spline, which must be fitted with much more care and precision than a biscuit.These are quality products - I have not had one fail.  They fit the slots cut with the special blade that comes with the Porter Cable 557 biscuit joiner kit.  The fence on that tool makes it easy to do box corners.  If you are doing alot of boxes and frames, I think you will like these biscuits.
If you're using a porter-cable joiner - these things are super-solid and make and &#34;excellent&#34; joint - I don't know how I ever lived without this joiner and these biscuits.  Read up on them - go to woodworking blog sites where pro woodworkers discuss joiners.  No doubt, you will come back to buy these.  So save yourself the time and just buy them - more time to work on your projects and get away from this computer, eh?  I don't work for them or anyone who sells them - I have nothing to gain or loose.  Just passing on the truth to fellow wood-workers trying to cut through all the bull out there. Simply put, these are the industry standard for a reason.
Look good, feel good, what cn you say, tey are biscuits! They are in a nice container to keep moisture out!
These FF size biscuits are great for face frames and so many other small jobs, I would definately recommend these and the small blade to anyone.
Why the big-box hardware stores that sell the Dewalt flashlights don't keep these 18V bulbs in stock is a mystery.  Luckily, Amazon came through once again and had a source for what turned out to be a hard-to-find item.
Please see my review on DeWalt DW 9043 bulb, as most of that applies here.  Bulb worked great, but runs very hot.  Lens very hot, after 2-3 seconds touch, reflector about the same.  Metal hinge/holder too hot to touch.  Some plastic smell in first 10 minute inspection.  Checked again at 1 hour 5 minutes (total test time) and still the same. No scorched or melted plastic.  A winner...UPDATE April27/12:  Still working great with normal drops and bangs,lens heat not an issue...  UPDATE  dec 31, 2012:  Wow, this bulb is tough thru drops and bangs from daily use; I wish I could find a girlfriend that was as bright and hot (and lasted as long) as this bulb.
A GREAT FEELING TO HAVE A SPARE BULB.  I HAVE NOT USED IT, OR HAVE I TESTED TO SEE THAT IT WORKS.  A VERY GOOD PRICE VALUE, ESPECIALLY WITH FREE SHIPPING.
A good bulb.I bought some because I lost my spare and I new Amazon carried them,so that was my first choice as it always is.
well what can i say other than they are replacement bulbs for my dewalt light and they should work okay
This was used in my Makita flashlight and works great. the fit was not a problem at all. it came well packaged and has so far outlasted the original unit.
Tried these bulbs in the corresponding gadgets. All were perfect and a great replacement for the old tired bulbs. Best to stock up and keep some spares
I love my DeWalt flashlight and having multiple rechargeable batteries means I have a long life high power light to use for work or for emergencies.  My light is many years old so I picked up another set of these bulbs to replace the bulb when it blew out.  The original bulb lasted five years and I used it a lot.  These bulbs are rugged and they operate on 18/28 and 36 VDC.  They are rated to 325 lumens and they are Xenon bulbs.The picture shown on the Amazon page is not the correct bulb so I took a photo of one of my backup sets of bulbs and posted it.  This is a good product and it is bright and rugged.  I recommend them to you.
The Dewalt flashlight is a lifesaver but the bulbs are hard to find. Was glad to find them here and they worked perfect!
you NEED a spare.....
When I replaced the bulbs in the Dewalt 18v flexible neck light, I found that there is provision for storing a spare bulb. This 2 pack works well to provide a replacement and store the second bulb.
I recently purchased the bulbs and they work well in my Black & Decker flashlight. I was confused, at first, why the DeWalt bulbs came up in search for B&D bulbs, but by looking through reviews I found others had puchased for B&D as well. The bulbs fit my B&D perfectly and work fine with no issues to date.
For Makita owners, I can confirm that this bulb does work in the Makita 18V flashlight, and it seems just as bright as the original Makita bulb.
If you own a flashlight 10v - 12v this are the bulbs you want to buy for your flashlight. These are the best replacement bulbs.
What do you say it worked in mr Black and Deckrt light I should order an extra as it is hard to find.
I had both my 12v and 18v flashlight bulbs go out quickly on my M series Milw. flashlights.  The reviews all stated that the replacement bulbs went out quickly as well.  I just recieved  these bulbs and tried them out; the first 10 minutes on a freshly charged battery I smelled plastic, and after 1 hour and five minutes I found lens too hot to touch(probably before that time as well).  I only checked it twice as I was also watching a film. I found the reflector to be too hot to touch, and the little paper ring between bulb body and reflector came unglued.  Bulb spring was hot but not too much. No scorched or melted plastic.  Incidentally,  the beam blinded me when I looked directly into it.  I even banged the flashlight around a bit and didn't lose the bulb.  This puppy is going back into the van and back to work.  I may replace the paper ring with a couple of neophrene washers to isolate the bulb/reflector, and I will also definately drill a couple of holes in the botton body to facilitate convection out of the side vent holes, cooling the back of the reflector.  As I am a plumber, I'll not drill holes in the top for water to get in, of course.  This test was with flashlight sitting vertically on bottom of battery with lens set to shine horizantally/90 degrees; usual working position for me.April...I'm back with great news.  These bulbs work just great, with much use,no heat problems, etc.  I dropped my flashlight 5ft from a ladder and it landed on its side;It landed hard on concrete and I was concerned I had cracked the battery casing.  No cracks, Bulb worked fine and still does.
I have a portable battery car jumper pack that has a light on it. That bulb burned out and these 12 volt lights work perfectly for a replacement.
I used these in my Ridgid flashlight since I can not find any locally. They fit perfect and are very bright. Hopefully they last as long as people say they do.
I already had the batteries so i just needed the light,  but wow what a nice flash light.  for the money you cant go wrong.
Purchased this light as an extra to work where there was dim lighting. Used this item several times since purchased,
YOU CAN NEVER HAVE TOO MANY FLASH LIGHTS. THE 18V BATTERIES LAST A LONG TIME AND THE LIGHT IS EASY TO DIRECT WHERE YOU NEED IT.
I have used this many times and wouldn't give it up!  Very bright, provided you have enough batteries you will ALWAYS have light.  Nothing is more frustrating than a low and/or dead batteries.  It is a light weight plastic so not sure on the durability but it works as intended!!
When I started buying DeWalt tools I got the batteries and chargers but then started buying &#34;bare bones&#34; items. After all, after you have a few batteries you don't need more. This lowers the cost of additional tools while ensuring batteries don't languish and die from lack of use.I really like the variety and quality of the tools and the economical way I can add what I need without accumulating what I don't.The light works really well with the swivel head feature allowing it to shine where I need it. I also have the light with the flexible head but it's too big and bulky for some applications. This makes a perfect addition to my toolkit.Ordering was easy and the Amazon Prime got it here pronto without paying expedited shipping.
I own a lot of dewalt tools, like almost everything. I used the snake lite for years, went through 2 of them still have two to this day but then i decided to try the pivoting head one and i love it. It's a little easier to handle for service calls. More compact. Just an all around good flash light, Thanks
Power outages are not uncommon in this area and we needed a reliable source of light other than candles or standard rechargeable flashlights.  This light fits the bill.  It is nice and bright and the swivel head is very convenient.  It is also very useful for working in crawl spaces instead of dragging in one of the shop lights with the long cord and light bulb.  This light does not come with a battery pack but if you have any other Dewalt tools powered by 18v NiCa battery, they are all interchangeable.  I had batteries from an old drill and they work perfectly.
The photos are not current.  This tool does come with the new square nano foot shaped to fit the LI batteries without overhang.  Still accepts the NiCd batteries too and is slightly more stable on them due to extra size and weight of NiCd batteries.  Has storage for extra bulb, but does not come with extra bulb.
I use this flashlight almost everyday for my job. I love the swivel head which allows you to shine the light wherever you need it.
Great place to leave the 18 Volt Lithium Ion batter pack of your Dewalt drill went not in use on the drill.  Very powerful light.  Old time, incandescent light.  Powerful beam.  Lithium Ion doesn't lose it charge over time like NiCad's do.  Wonderful improvement.
It is very handy with swivel head. You can set it down and aim it where ever you need light.The negative is that it is heavy with std battery, the swivel head tends to break if droppedwith any force.
this light is bright and the interchangeable battery is very helpful. can be propped up to direct light when needed
Nothing new. Same as my 12V light that never dies. Gets banged around nicely and works well. Focus feature could be nice tho. As said before- love those bare tool deals.
GREAT FOR CAMPING AND FOR AROUND THE HOUSE. HAVE BEEN WANTING TO BUY ONE FOR YEARS FINALLY MADE THE MOVE.
This a great light, especially if you already have some other Dewalt tools that use the same battery. The head pivots to give different lighting angles and with the battery it stands up on it's own with no problem. No more buying disposable batteries for flashlights.
This is a nice accessory to have, if you already own a DeWalt battery pack and the charger.  Basically, that would limit my recommendation of this product to those who already own a cordless 14.4 volt DeWalt tool.  While the flashlight itself is relatively inexpensive at about $25, the battery pack and the charger are not.  The battery pack cost more than $50 apiece.  Add the cost of the charger and you get the idea that this is not a flashlight system that you buy on its own.  But, if you already own the battery packs and the charger, then spending an additional $25 will get you a very powerful and durable flashlight.I bought this flashlight because I already own the 14.4 volt XRP drill.  The flashlight and drill are sharing the two batteries that came with the drill.This is a very nice, wide-beam flashlight.  The craftsmanship is what you would expect from DeWalt.  The light is made of quality materials.  And, due to the design and the bottom-heaviness of the battery pack, this flashlight can &quot;stand&quot; on its own.  Perfect for those times when you don't have someone to hold the light for you.  And, because it throws a wide beam, this unit can illuminate quite a lot of area.  I highly recommend this high quality light to those who already own a DeWalt tool that uses the 14.4 volt battery pack.
Bright and functional light, stable and rotates well.  Great purchase is you're already running a dewalt battery for something else.
It's sturdy, very bright light, good swivel head (but takes a few moments to figure out how to turn the head), battery lasts a long time, very reasonable price, and is perfect if you own any DeWalt 14.4 volt cordless tools. Even if you didn't, it would almost pay to buy this with a battery and charger!
Very good flashlight for the price if you have the batteries. Has the old style bulb, not a LED, but puts out a bright wide beam. The adjustable head allows you to use it hands free and aim the beam where you need it. Very happy with the performance.
Added this to my Dewalt inventory when replacing the 14.7V batteries.  Great addition to my useful tools, here in hurricane country.
I bought this flashlight for use around the house and for camping.  Since I already have a 14.4 DeWalt drill, it was an easy decision to pick up this high quality accessory.  So far I have found this flash light to be very good quality:  the beam is bright, the head is adjustable, and it stays put while standing alone on its base (the battery pack).  Based on all of this I recommemd this as a fair deal on a quality product.
We have purchased multiple rechargable flashlights and each one of them have died in the process of rarely using them.  Plus, some of the specialty bulbs were very expensive.  When we discovered the Dewalt made a flashlight which uses the same rechargable battery pack which fits my husband's cordless screwdriver, we purchased the Dewalt Flashlight right away.  We use it for multiple tasks.  We have an extra battery anyway so now we can use this flashlight anytime we need one.  Great versatility and great product.
Nice little flashlight.  I took it camping, and it worked out great.  I used it quite a bit, and it did not need a recharge for the whole week.  My standard drill battery fits the light.  Very bright yellowish colored light.
This light is great, but I wish it came with the LED bulb as a standard item.After installing the LED upgrade the light is much better.I don't use the flexible neck very often, but it has come in handy. It also makes for a good handle to carry the light by and makes me feel like I'm walking around with one of the old railroad lanterns due to the shape and feel.
Great product and great price.  This is our 3rd one, they wear out after heavy use and aren't worth repairing
If you buy this light then immediately buy the LED conversion kit for it sold here on amazon. Once you convert it over to LED you will have a super bright white light that won't run down the battery and it will hold up much better than the bulb type originally shipped with the units.I don't understand why DeWalt bothers to ship this with anything but LED!
Love this light. It is very bright and lasts a long time with just one battery. The flexible neck wraps around almost anything.
I really did not think this light was all that and a cup of tea until I got it. it is such a nice little helper on all the jobs that are hard to see. It is a must for a person who works alone. will buy another one if anything ever happens to this one. I love this accessory to my tools.
I sold all my DeWalt stuff locally and bought new, everything with the "nano" foot for the square lithium ion batteries.  Some items still run the old photos, but I got everything from Amazon and all with the new shape. Still accepts the oval NiCd batteries with the same positive connect. Now if you get Li batteries you won't see the oval overhanging them.Has storage for a spare bulb, but does not include the spare bulb.
This flashlight should be on every 18v DeWalt owners must have list.An excellent value combined with outstanding function.Nicely done DeWalt.A nice upgrade would be a LED bulb kit, otherwise perfect.
dont know why dewalt doesnt sell this with their kits anymore, most stores dont even sell it, the have 2 other kinds but not the snake one. nice light .
This flashlight uses my 18V batteries and can be aimed wherever needed. Inexpensive and often helpful.
Bought this a few months ago and still working strong. Bought the LED UPGRADE and together this light rocks and the battery life is outstanding too.
I bought this after I bought the 18V circular saw.  If you only get one light, make it this one.
very handy, nice and bright.  The flexible goose neck allows you to aim the light where you want it.
Wonderfull light. Will last all day on one battery charge. Easy to use in tight spaces where both hands are required for work.
This is a pretty good lamp. I have several that are used by my crews.  I have had some of them for over five years and other than the bulbs going out there great.  Dewalt has an LED up grade that I put on all my lights. It brings them up to a modern LED Lamp.  Dewalt should eliminate the incandescent and just make the LED standard.
I got this because I have the shop vac and wanted a good flashlight for hurricaine season.  LOVE it, got the new bulb but saved the old in case it blows.  I got almost 24 hours out of the flashlight and a fully charged battery.
Use it a ton. Nice quality. Easy to wrap on things to hold it. Hope that dewalt does not drop 18 v
My original died after years of flexing the gooseneck.This was a bargain of a replacement.  Almost half what I priced this item for in tool stores.Sometimes it gets hung up snapping on/off the battery.
This a very handy light and I would recommend it to anyone who already has Dewalt tools that use 18v batteries. The weight of tha battery makes it stand up well and it produces a good amount of light.
This DEWALT DW7441 Side and Outfeed Support  is really well made with heavy material. It truly helps when cutting materialon projects. Easily installed
These work great. I don't know why others complain about them being low or sagging. They are fully adjustable and you can set them even with your table top. They are so simple I don't know how anyone could have trouble figuring this out. My only complaint is they crowd the storage area on the side of your DW744 just a bit (where you keep the spare blade and wrenches). Not a big deal though.
This was the best purchase I've made in a long time!With me working by myself about 95% of the time, this has saved me A LOT of time and frustration!Worth every penny I paid (around $50.00 with Dewalt sale)
Ordered these for Christmas from DeWalt.  They are made overseas (Taiwan) and the side support was packed damaged from the factory.  1-800-4-DEWALT was great customer service, they sent me a replacement within a day.The kit is a great addition on the DW744.  I tote my tools to my in-law's farm to do repairs, and it's a great help when cutting material.
Just get these things.  Frankly, they should have come with the saw.  The ONLY downside that I can see having them on there is that the saw weighs about 15 lbs more with these attached.  They are heavy steel supports, and, unfortunately, add some heft to a saw that's already pretty heavy.Other than that, they are perfect.  Easy installation (the holes are pre-tapped on the new 744 saw), very nice movement (they retract in about 10 seconds if you don't want them in the way).  Makes it dramatically easier to deal with larger boards.  The stock rip fence and miter gauge are totally functional with this in place.All in all, it's something that should have just come with the saw; but, because it doesn't, you should add this if you ever cut sizable stock on your saw.  Much easier to deal with and safer cuts.
Works great. I keep a folding outfeed stand around just in case but haven't needed it yet.Install was a snap. Some have mentioned that they slide out when you move your saw around. I had the same issue but I purchased some 5m Thumb Screws and put them in the near side of each supports guide bracket. Now it's just a quick turn to lock them in place.
The photograph is misleading because it looks like a flimsy, toothpicky kind of support. Actually it is a very well made, heavy support worthy of the DeWalt table saw for which it was designed. I use it for supporting long boards and relatively heavy sheets of three-quarter inch plywood. I've owned my DW744XRS table saw for a couple of years, and all this time I've used "horses" for my outfeed and side supports. Talk about an "I-coulda-had-a-V-8" moment, when I first discovered the ease and efficiency of this invaluable accessory I was awestruck. If you own a DW744, these supports should be your next purchase.
I have had these supports for about 6 years.  I carefully adjusted them to the height of the table and they have never gone out of adjustment, even when abused by resting an entire 3/4 sheet of plywood on just one support.  They do a great job of turning a pretty small saw into a very workable machine.
I bought this saw at a local woodworking store while it was on sale a few weeks ago. I had been using a Hitachi CW - 40 which works well for a low end saw, but the DeWalt is a horse of another color - Bright Yellow!  Now, the nuts and bolts: QUIET and vibration free. Big smooth table, easily trued after making angle cuts. The blade tensioner is right there in front and stays where you set it. Likewise, when you re-clamp the blade, just bring it to the tension number you had it on and it stays there. Easy, EASY blade changes. The wing clamps hold the blade by hand tightening alone. I haven't had a blade slip out of the clamps yet. The stand is a must. The rear leg will adjust up or down to give you the table angle that is comfortable for your use. It is fairly tall, but a regular workshop stool will put you at the right height, making it comfortable to work with. The blower is powerful and clears away the dust. It too stays where you place it and it is easier to bend and position that I have found on the other saws. The hold-down clamp works fine, but like most scroll sawyers, I don't use one and I removed it.This is an expensive saw for the average woodworker, but it is well worth the extra cost. Solid, quiet, smooth, quality workmanship and durablity. You can't go wrong.
This is the first scroll saw I have owned.  It waited 6 months after I purchased this saw To writhe a review.  I read many reviews and looked long and hard before making the decision to purchase this saw.  I had seen various saws at Lowes at close out and their prices were tempting but I kept on reading and reviewing.  Finally an Amazon sale tipped me to this one.  Since I have had it I have used it constantly.  I have let my grandson use it so it has seen much use.  The blade change and tightning system is easy with no problems .  My 9 year old grandson has no problem changing or installing blades.  The table depth is great and I am glad I didnt buy a cheaper unit at Lowes on sale because I can now see the advantage of the deep throat of the saw.I also purchased a stand and light with the saw.  Assembly was a snap.  The light is a real blessing.  It stays right where I put it so far.  The stand is 3 legged and I wish it was on some sort of roller but I am not sure how stable it would be on wheels with only 3 legs.  I have to give this more thought.My only complaint is the simple hold down seems to not be level and is aggravating to adjust because when I tighten it up sufficiently it is like I glued it down.  Is dosent want to let go to make any adgustments.I dont have the advantage of having used other scroll saws to compare it with but It seems to be well made and easy to use.  If I had used more expensive scroll saws or saws of different designs, I might be able to complain about shortcomings or design flaws, but so far this machine has performed flawlessly and will probably be the only one I ever purchase.
After reading the reviews here on Amazon and with the great pricing on the DW788, I took the plunge and ordered both the saw and the stand.I've used several scroll saws over the past 40 years, I can say this is by far the best I've ever used!There is no vibration to this saw and the cuts are easy and flowing, and did I mention how quiet it is?If you're looking for a solid scroll saw, pay a little extra and get a solid machine, you won't be disappointed in the DW788.  Better get a dolly when it arrives, very heavy, solid product  A++
This is a great saw, we moved to Hawaii and I needed a new saw.  I couldn't think of a better saw to buy than this one
I bought this saw about a month ago now and have used it a few times. Its very smooth. Very little vibration and when you bolt it down on quarter inch rubber it has no vibration at all. (I used an old tire inner tube.) I bought this with a Moto foot pedal. That leaves your hands on your work. The tension lever is great. Right up front where it should be. The cast table size is great for bigger projects. I got this saw as a member of Amazon Prime. I ordered it overnight air with Saturday delivery. It was an extra $9.95 freight. This is a 66 lb saw. Gotta love Amazon Prime.
I had been looking for quite awhile for a VS scroll saw, they were either way to pricey or a piece of just junk. I came across this model while I was in a local Woodcraft store. I really don't have any grips about this saw ( which is very surprising for me because I hate almost everything made by DeWalt today) but this saw is a really nice saw.......except.........for the accessory light made for this saw by DeWalt, it is a piece of JUNK! Amazon sent the 1st light to me with saw. After attaching light gravity takes over after a few seconds and light makes a nosedive for the saws tabletop. This seems to be a very common problem with the light for this saw and DeWalt has known about this problem since like 2009 and refuses to fix the problem. I called Amazon, as usual Amazon CS is top notch, they sent me another one the very same day and it was overnighted to me! Amazon CS rocks. The second light does the exact same thing, so I boxed it back up went to IKEA and purchased a 15.00 light with a clamp and magnetic base and problem is fixed! Its a shame  DeWalt and Porter Cable are being run by the likes of Black and Decker! 99% of the tools coming out of their factories now are junk and marketed for the DIY'ers and Weekend Warriors that don't care about quality when it comes to a tool purchase, all they care about is price point. Sorry about the rant, but this saw is better than most anything else DeWalt is building today...Almost makes me wonder who is building it for DeWalt?
I use this saw pretty much on a daily basis. I do a lot of scrolling and I've had this saw since mid Feb and it is still going strong. I hope it will last for many years to come. My Shop Fox died after 6 months! The packaging was wonderful and there was a warning on top of the saw that tells not to try to lift it out of the box by the arm of the saw. Every thing was there and all I had to do was attach the table and then  blade and put a hunk of scrap wood on it and then went on to scroll!
Grizzly sells a combo including the DW788 with Dewalt stand and light regularly for $499 and is on a spring sale for $50 less than that. All new. Save about $180 over Amazon and other sellers.  Can't understand why the price is so much higher elsewhere. (Grizzly shipping + $21.00). This is one of the few instances where Amazon is not even competitive... unfortunately.UPDATE: 10FEB2010 - I see Amazon has finally reduced the price of this unit to a reasonable level that competes with the lowest found elsewhere. Glad to see Amazon catching on! If you are looking at scroll saws... look no further. This is the bomb! There is no better at this price point.
This is my first and last scroll saw.  I am glad I spent the extra money for a good one.  It is so smooth and the cuts are so smooth you do no even need to sand.
I can not understand the reviews that claim this saw is noisy or has excess vibration.  I find the saw to be very quite and smooth.  It has good power to cut 2" stock and the table finish is very good. If you are upgrading from a low-end saw you will be very pleased with this saw.
I purchased a DW788 in Dec, 2009 on sale at Rockler.  Saw, stand, light, plus a $50 Rockler gift card was $449.  That's a pretty good price, and Rockler was swamped, taking over a month to get it in.Unlike some of the earlier reviews, I experienced absolutely no problem with the lineup of the holes for the table/bevel control - saw assembly was complete under 5 minutes, with the stand taking about 30 minutes (but I stopped for coffee once).My exceedingly precise machinist setup block shows a true vertical between the blade and the table top when the bevel gauge is set to zero so I have not had to adjust anything to get a perfect cut on 1 inch cedar scrap.I see no vibration problem with the saw on either my bench or the DeWalt stand.  Running at full speed cutting thin stock (a tongue depressor) I get some movement on a nickel.  Just running with a blade at high speed the nickel doesn't move at all.There is a bit of accumulation of dust on the table, but I see that as less a problem with table top machining than with a whimpy dust blower.  The blower does work, it just doesn't move the dust very far.  I've got full-shop dust collection so I just do a quick clean periodically with a 2" hose I leave free and that seems to be able to keep up, but for a small blade it seems to create a lot of dust.One of my first cuts was a dovetail joint in the scrap cedar.  I've done dovetails a variety of ways, including by hand with chisel and gents saw and if you've ever tried that you know it can take a while.  With the DW788, cutting a perfect pin side of the dovetail in the cedar took less than two minutes.Dewalt is a bit stingy with saw blades, only 2 come with the saw.  I'm learning that blade supply can be a tough hunt, and Amazon's selection is not either a good start or final destination.  If you're new to it, it seems that Olson blades are something of the standard.  Best so far best for selection/price is a site named  scrollit . com.  Rockler and Woodcraft aren't much better than Amazon.I got mine for use in Marquetry applied to furniture, but in just a short while it has become apparent that it will be used for much more. This puppy is one h@ll of a convenient mini-bandsaw.
I have been in the business of teaching woodworking for over 20 years at all different levels.  I have experienced many different types of scroll saws in school settings and home shop settings.  For the money, this is one of the easiest to set up and use I have ever seen.  They give almost no trouble at all and are rather vibration free if the right type of blade is used with the right type of wood.  Experience is the best teacher in this regard.  It is the smoothest running saw I have ever worked with and works well with young wood workers.  There may be equals on the market, but I have seen nothing better for the money.  I would definitely buy one again.
Overall, this is a pretty good scroll saw for the hobbyist and is $200 less than the regular price from Woodcraft, and $125 less than the annual sale they have.  This saw has minimal to no vibration, super quiet, and easy to use.  The quick-change blade process is very convenient compared to the more expensive Delta scroll saw I was using, and changing the blade speed is a snap with the turn-dial speed selector.  The blower hose is easy to adjust and does not get in the way of your work while really pushing your sawdust out of the way fast.Assembly is a snap - the only thing you have to assemble is put in a few screws to attach the table as well as the front guard - that took me all of 4 minutes to put that together.The unit comes with two blades, and you might miss them as they were attached to an unmarked small plastic bag.One tip for when you are doing a blade change- get a small block of wood and set it on the table to hold up the throat of the unit in the "up" position to make sure you are getting the right tension.If you are looking for accessories, I will say the stand is okay and the optional scroll saw light leaves a lot to be desired - read my separate reviews on each.
have owned this saw for close to 4 years and it has been excellent.  Very quiet, minimal vibration, reliable, and more than enough power.  If I earned my living cutting scroll saw items might have considered the $1,000 plus saws but I don't so they were never seriously in the running.  I believe in the law of diminishing returns and once you get to a certain level of quality and performance additional improvement gets very costly quickly.  That is the way I viewed the expensive saws; perhaps slightly better but not worth the cost.  As for comments about the blade hole being off center mine was dead on when I received it.  Out of curiosity I looked to see where my saw was made but it wasn't marked.  I don't have any problem with Asian manufactured products but there are some low quality manufacturers out there and frankly also here in US.  I would hope Dewalt is not lowering the quality of this otherwise excellent saw by going to the cheapest manufacturer they can find and then skipping quality control inspections.
I've had this for few months now and I am starting to really enjoy scrolling. This saw is powerful, really heaven duty and operates smoothly. Haven't had any problems. Highly recommend.PS  The arm doesn't stay up when removing your work piece but there are scrollsaw websites that sell remedies for that. Really easy to find. They are small home engineers who came up with solutions. The Lifter is one I purchased
This saw is used for fine detail woodworking. It comes with 2 blades, so the first thing on your shopping list should be more blades, as these blades are very thin and can be broken easily. It can be mounted to a workbench but purchasing the stand gives you much more mobility
Will try to make this brief, but my wife wanted to get into intarsia, especially, and other things that would require a scroll saw.  My woodworking shop is pretty well equipped, but did not have a scroll saw.  Looked at several brands, prices, etc.  Read lots of reviews.  The DeWalt is at the top of the mid-priced machines.  Although it was a new venture and we were unsure if it would become a long-term use thing, decided that a cheap one would probably sour us on scroll sawing altogether.  We don't have other scroll saw experiences to compare with but can say that we have been very pleased with the performance of this machine.  The quick blade release is an absolute must have.  The throat depth works well for us.  It is smooth running.  Don't know how a $1,000+ machine could be that much better?
I have been waiting to acquire a decent scroll saw for ten years. Previously, I used a Delta 16" two-speed scroll saw. That saw offered basic scroll saw capabilities; however, it was very inaccurate, with excessive blade side-to-side and front-to-back blade movement. It was **O.K.** but not great for delicate work.The DeWalt is a solid performer, with very little vibration (almost none, actually), very low noise, and a great tension adjuster that allows one to adjust tension while the machine is running. I also like the generous-sized table. The blades are relatively easy to change (it is just a bit of work to load the blade into the bottom blade holder--I just clamp the blade into the top holder, then load it into the bottom holder). The manual is not available at the DeWalt site--I had to visit one of their ServiceNet sites to download an exploded view of the machine. I am still not sure how to adjust the table position in relation to the blade--the side of the blade runs through the hole in the table very close to side of the hole. It would be nice to be able to adjust the blade so that it runs through the center of the hole!!! All-in-all, the machine is a joy to use. I would definitely recommend this scroll saw above any others even close to the price range.July 2008 UPDATE: Still performing very well! The first link of the blower hose did crack where it connects to the spherical connector. I just removed the broken link and microwaved the hose to get it warmed up; it popped right back on. Also, for those who want info on tuneups for this saw, go to this link: [...]
I've had the saw with the legs and light for several weeks now.  I got the Mobile Base with it as well in order to move around my shop with ease.  The saw set up easily, and I had it up and running right out of the box.  The Legs took about 45 min to assemble (see my review).  The saw had considerable knocking at high speeds, above 6 (1450).  I found a fix at [...].  It was also the fix DeWalt recommended.  I spent an hour or so making the adjustment.  Also, I filed down the bottom rounded side of the Lid.  See a drawing of the parts that can be downloaded from DeWalt or [...].  Follow the instructions there.  It helps as well.  It now is running with no knocking at 8 (1750).  DeWalt put in a fix for this in 2009, and it is there now, so they say.  My manufacture date was Feb 2008.  I bought the saw,stand,light at Grizzly for considerably less than Amazon had.  I have also added a dust collector ( Seyco at [...]) for $25, and the footswitch from Woodcraft for $18.  I nearly bought an Excalibur, but the price differential was too much to ignore for my use.  I am really satistfied, and learned a lot by disassembling the front end of the saw.  I have hooked the Seyco collector up to my Festool Dust Extractor, footswitch, and saw, so now when I push the footswitch the saw and vacumn come on, or off.  Does a great job.  A great addition to my shop, and a replacement for my old Dremel.
The table alone weighs over twenty pounds. Milled flat and smooth. a pleasure to work on this big table. The saw is quiet, and no vibration until you crank it up to maximum speed, a speed I'll probably never use. The pin-less blades are a snap to change, and for fret work, one simply loosens the knob at top, and the entire saw arm lifts up, so you can pull your project up and reinsert it in a new starter hole. Tighten a wing nut to connect the top of the blade, adjust the tension lever and you're ready to saw. The blower works better than any of the scroll saws that I've owned or used. The blade tension and speed are adjustable on the top, front of the saw. Both easy to adjust. I highly recommend the DEWALT stand, it takes up little room, following the shape of the saw base. Also a foot switch, which I've used on my scroll saws for years.Scroll sawing is absolutely fun on this machine. After I finished the installation, I tested the saw, then immediately started a project, just to have an excuse to use my new saw.
Hubby was really happy to get this for his Christmas present. He made me try it and I was really surprised how easy it is to use and I've already used it on a couple of craft projects. So far, so good.
I use this tool weekly and it's well made as most Dewalt tools are.  This saw can be found elsewhere including the stand for less money.  A MAJOR FAULT in the design of this tool is when you go to switch blades or reposition the blade whole doing delicate scroll work is that the arm will not stay up and you have to find a 2x4 or something to hold it in the up position!!!  I have heard that there is some sort of retrofit available to solve this problem but can't find it.  Otherwise this is a great tool!
I've had this saw for about 3 months now and I absolutely love it.  It's quite, easy to use and doesn't take up much space.  As far as additional items, I got the stand, which is great, but the light is worthless!.
This saw was purchased to replaced a Shop Fox 16 inch scroll saw.  I did not think that there would be much use for a scroll saw when buying the Shop Fox at a third of the price of the Dewalt.  Later I found that the scroll saw was being used far more than expected.  Then I began doing intarsia as my skills improved.  The Shop Fox is a good tool and served me well, but it does not hold a line as well as a heavier, better made machine like the Dewalt.  I have completed several projects on the Dewalt and found the ability to hold to a line to be excellent.  The Dewalt, as other higher priced machines, makes blades changes much easier.  Even more important, if working a project with many inside cuts, the Dewalt is much faster than the cheaper saws.  In addition, the table is very large and the extra 4 inches of throat depth is very nice.  The Dewalt table alone feels nearly as heavy as the whole Shop Fox saw.  The additional weight of the Dewalt and the use of bearings, versus bushings, on all the moving parts make the Dewalt a smooth running machine.  I highly recommend the Dewalt if you do a lot of scroll saw work, or if you want to do very intricate/accurate work.
This is a great little saw.  It was easy to set up.  No vibration and very quiet.  Blade changes are super easy
My first scroll saw was a cheap delta. It did the job. The 788 is my second. If I had ever used one of the high dollar saws, maybe I wouldn't be so impressed.I don't understand the user that had a problem with the light and the hold down. My light mounts on the left and is rock steady; my blade hold downs are knobs. I "think" I installed the light using an allen wrench but that's the only place. My saw doesn't pass the nickel test but that's only because I have the saw tilted forward on the stand.I too was afraid that the 788 would not live up to its hype; so far (3 months) I have not been disappointedI have cut copper laminated to piece of 1/4 paneling with no problems or vibration.I think the other reviewer may have had one of the first 788 lemons that I have heard about.
This scroll saw is great:- High quality fit and finish- Very easy to assemble: two screws/a couple of minutes and that was all!- A bit heavy for portability, but that enhances its stability,- Blade installation is just simple with thumb screws (top and bottom), no tool is required,- All user controls - on/off sw, blade tensioner, speed controller - are in the front and &quot;user friendly&quot;,- It cuts just smoothly with very little vibration, unlike my Delta 40-540 that needs to be bolted down to a table. (To be fair, the Delta costs only about 1/3 of the Dewalt.) Still you want to appreciate the good design and engineering works applied to this saw.The stand I received is in good shape; it will work but nothing to write home about. Maybe I should have saved the $50 and use that to build a rolling cabinet/stand for the nice saw.
I had been using a grizzly for years. It was the only scroll saw I ever owned. The dewalt is and excellent saw. Don't buy a grizzly scroll saw.Red Crane
This is a solid stand for my new Dewalt scroll saw.  There is no vibration while the scroll is in operation, which really helps when cutting intricate patterns.
This is a sturdy stand is the best for the fit of the Scroll saw that I purchased.  Great find.
It went together easily, it is solid and it fits the scroll saw footprint just right. The narrow back with only one leg makes it easier to maneuver around it in my small work area.
this is avery exact stand for the saw. well made,very exact in its fitting together .if only others would do also.
Great instructions allow this stand to be put together with few tools and frustration in a short time.  The ability to assemble the stand with a built in tilt is great for clearing chips from the saw by gravity as it is in operation.  They even supply a few extra pieces of the assembly nuts and bolts in case you loose one of the small easy to loose parts.  Far better than having one or two short and not being able to finish the assembly with out a trip to the local hardware store.  The tripod design insures all feet will remain flat on the floor at all times.  Not too wide so it takes up little floor space in a smaller shop.  Light weight and strong, it serves well.
I'm in a wheelchair so I had to cut off about 6 inches of the legs but it was still stable and still sturdy. Matched up with my Dewalt scroll saw perfectly. Easy to assemble. Did it myself. I recommend.
This stand works great for the De-Walt scroll saw. It is sturdy and allows you to be able to work around the entire front and side area of the saw. The legs come with welded plates at the bottom so that the stand can be lagged to the floor or a wooden platform. Very well made.
Unless you have the perfectly designed work bench, you need this stand for the scroll saw.  Right height, right size and sturdy/solid.  My wife uses the scroll saw more than I do, but I don't think there could be anything about this stand not to like.
I found that this stand to be very stable for having three legs. I also found it to be easy to sit and work with. With the weaght of the saw it doe`s not move or is it easy to move if you want it in another area. Over all,I like it and would buy it again.
Easy to assemble, however, one bit of advice before installing your DEWALT scroll saw. Loosen all of the top bolts after bolting the stand to the floor. The Scroll Saw is a very tight fit, and it wouldn't fit in the stand as assembled. I had to loosen all of the top bolts (many) and jiggle that heavy saw around before the saw would fit in the stand. This is not a negative, but it would have been nice is Dewalt had included that in the directions. They do insist that you bolt it down to the floor before you put the saw in place. If you don't do that, it is likely that heavy saw will tip over. Once assembled, bolted to the floor, and the scroll saw installed, it's a solid fit, with no concern about tipping the stand and saw over.
I was not sold on stands because of hiegt and convince but this stsnd has come a long way to making it a favorite
Adds the perfect light to the work area of the scroll saw.  We need a well lighted area when working intricate patterns on the scroll saw and this does the trick.
This is a good price on this light.  I have trouble with shadows were I live, so I need the extra help of the light.
Great fit and finish, overall it is well made This light serves the purpose well and has an attractive appearance.
This is a really nice lite and it really helps to see what you are doing. I think that it should come with the saw for what the saw cost. Not sure if I`d buy again.
it has made a great inprovement on my machine it can realy help on detailed projects given you the ability to shine light where its realy needed with no glare
I have two DW733 planers. I bought one new and it came with a plastic hood. Nice because you could just snap it on and off. But it would sometimes fall off from the vibration. I ordered this hood for my 2nd planer which I bought used and didn't come with a hood. Much nicer! Screws on SOLID and won't vibrate off. Ok, so you have to unscrew it to access the knives...but how often is that done anyways?
Dewalt dust hood works great on my DW734. I never had the original plastic one so I have nothing to compare it too, but it keeps my work area completely clean when used with my dust collector. Easy to install with just three screws. Should have been designed to use thumb screws but thats not the dust hoods fault.Worth the money.
Great miter saw.  Lots of capacity and lots of nice features.  The tall sliding fence is great, just make sure to slide it out of the way during bevel cuts.  The supplied blade is fine for general work but youll want to upgrade if you plan on doing any work requiring a quality cut.  This saw is easy to adjust, just read the manual as it tells you how to adjust everything on the saw.  Adjusting it took me all of five minutes and has stayed true ever since.  My only gripes concern the cost of the accessories.  They are ridiculously expensive and should be included considering the price of this saw.  I also recomend purchasing this saw at your local home center as DeWalts packaging jobs leaves a lot to be desired. One piece of cardboard is all that secures this big saw inside the box.  Other than those minor gripes this is the best 12" saw on the market.
I've owned this saw for over 3 years now.  I use it almost daily, and couldn't be happier with this saw.  I know it gets expensive, but I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND the DW723 miter saw stand.  The mounting bracket has a quick disconnect so it's easy to tear down and throw in the truck.  It's worth every penny!!!  Anyway, I own both the DW705S and the DW708 saws.  I find that I almost exclusively use the DW708 saw.  The table is absolutely flat.  I just checked it and after 3 years of constant use it is perfectly flat.  No gap.  The bearings in the slider work flawlessly.  This after cutting uncounted amounts of MDF.  I do blow it off with my compressor everyday, just to keep everything clean.  Some of the things that stand out on this saw:1.  Color.  Sorry but this saw looks nice.2.  Horizontal handle for easy use.3.  The fences are high and easily adjustable.4.  If you are so inclined, the hold down accessory is top notch and goes on and  off very easy.5.  Belt drive works great and I've had no problems.  This gets the motor up and out of the way for larger clearances.6.  A lot of people complain about the dust bag.  Mine is always full, but dust also goes everywhere.  That said I can't see a better way to mount the bag.  It's just a fact, on a sliding saw you will have this issue.  The bag has to move with the saw.7.  The fixed miter stops.  This is a metal plate that is removable.  Eventually all saws tend to wear a larger clearance in these areas.  The advantage to DeWALT's design is that theirs is replaceable!  I just replaced mine, and it's just like new.  $30 for this item.8.  The blade guard has louvers so you can look right down the blade for an accurate cut.  No looking through distorted plastic.I've built decks with this saw, cutting up to 2x12's and 6x6 rough cuts.  Had to flip those but it worked great.  Whether your cutting base board, crown molding or 2x4's this saw is for you.  Remember you always have 30 days to return with no questions asked.
This is a great saw, and they've improved the dust collection -- my only complaint with an older model.  Buying it from Amazon/toolcrib, however, is a nuisance.  Trying to get presales support was useless, with conflicting information or tech people just reading me things from the web site.  More importantly, the delivery time they gave me was a window of more than two weeks, and it took nearly 3 weeks to get the thing.  AND, it arrived BROKEN.  Fortunately, Dewalt is sending me a new one, but clearly someone had dropped this saw along the way since the lockdown pin was bent and the handle housing was broken.  I bought from amazon only because they had a (...) when I bought the saw, but the price they quoted changed from day to day on the web site.
I've had this saw for over a year now, and can say its a great product.  Its a little (ok, if you listen to my wife a lot) extravagent for a homeowner to have a $600 miter saw, but with a 110 year old house, this one has earned its place in my shop.The saw will cut through most anything with the blade they supplied.  It will easily cut 2x4 and 2x6 at any angle or bevel.  You can also cut up to 2x10 in one motion at 90 degrees.  The angles are easy to change, though the pivot on the back is sometimes hard to read and easily gets blocked by sawdust.  The sawdust collection doesn't really work, it needs a vacuum attachment or just a clean up after every job.  The downside to this saw, IMO, are 2: high price of accessory items, and no laser guide for cutting.  At this price they should include the laser guide (Sears even does it on a $200 saw, so it can't be that big of a deal).  You sort of expect high accessory prices from Dewalt, its just part of the deal.Overall, I'd buy this again in a minute.
As a professional remodeler and contractor, I bought this saw for both frame and finish work.  I have not been disappointed and found this to be one of the best saw purchases I have ever made.  Don't know how I managed before without it.  Well worth the money I paid on e-bay.  This is an excellant companion piece to Dewalts table saw, both of which I use on the job site.
I just took delivery of this saw and matching stand, and I am really impressed with the quality of the product...
I purchased this saw back in 1999. Since then it's mostly done decking - cutting 5/4x6 3 at a time and pressure treated 2x10 2 at a time really makes life quick. I've also done 2x4s 9 at a time (3 high and 3 deep). The saw never complained once, even on two hundred feet of extension cord. Its also pulled double duty cutting 3" aluminum square tubing and 1/2 inch by 6 inch aluminum plate. The saw is a hairy beast. If you're primarily a framer or do decks, there's no better saw, period. I did burn out the armature once, but that was sawing through 3" steel pipe with an abrasive blade. Not difficult to replace, and I should have picked up a cheap abrasive saw or used my recip saw, but the Dewalt had done everything else I'd ever asked, and it did get through about 15 of them.The saw does have a softer side, and its reasonably good for finish work and woodworking. Admittedly its a bit overkill for cutting trim. 12" finish blades are really pricey, so if I was a cabinetmaker or a finish contractor I'd get a 10" slider. If you only plan to buy one chop saw, and primarily do bigger stuff, this is the one to get.
Yeah, the DW718 has all the extra little bells and whistles, but I'd rather keep that extra couple hundred bucks in my pocket... this is a great miter saw.  Amazon should put some extra tape around it though when they ship it.  When mine arrived the bottom was opened up, luckily everything was still there and the saw was in excellent condition.
I have used this saw for two years now doing fine finish work on multimillion dollar homes at Lake Tahoe.  I work on a large crew of woodworkers and we have every saw ever used on the job. I have used them all. What sets the DeWalt apart is the large capacity and ease of use.  The saw did need calibration out of the box.  There are three nuts to calibrate the 0, 45 degree left  and 45 degree right stops.  After some fine adjustments it has been cutting perfect miters for years.  The fence was not perfectly square with the blade at first.  I calibrated the fence by removing it and filing the bolt holes to slot them a little with a rat tail file.  Since the first calibration it has performed flawlessly. The dust collection is make believe.Compared to the other saws in its class the Hitachi is nice but the dinky table and fence is the same as the old 8.25&quot; saw and very inadequate.  The bevel adjustment on the makitas has you bumping it hard to release it.  The plastic lever for the bevel on the makita is flimsy and could break. The Makita has the nicest smoothest feel and spring action though. A decent table too.Some reveiwers whined that the DeWalt saw could not cut square. They are the same people that leave the VCR time display blinking for years. They never bothered to read the instructions for calibration.I owned a Milwawkee for a day or two.  It didn't bevel both ways and the arbor was wobbly out of the box causing the blade to cut a wider kerf.Back to the Dewalt, little extras like a guard that really works, the high fence, the vernier scale and the slots in the guard to see the cut are very nice and well thought out. Guards on the other saws are see through plastic that quickly become opaque.  You then have to bend over to see the blade on the mark.  Some remove the guard alltogether after years of constant bending over. The reviewer that couldn't tighten the bevel on the DeWalt so it wouldn't move must have very very weak hands. This is not a problem for the rest of us.The hold down clamp is the best design among all the saws.  There is a quick release that makes the clamp much faster to use than all the others. It cost thirty bucks extra though.
I had this saw for about 6 years and never had a problem with it. Powerful, easy to use. I recommend it.
I am very pleased with this saw.  Let me clarify a few things:1) This is my first mitre saw so I can't compare it to any other models;2) I am not a machinist or tool and die maker so I can't comment on whether the base and/or fence is perfectly flat as noted by some other reviewers.  Both the base and fence seem flat to me.I found the saw very easy to set up and use.  So far I have used it to cut some molding as well as some pine boards.  Great results and no complaints.As noted by some other reviewers, this saw makes a lot of dust even with the dust bag attached.  I borrowed a vaccuum adaptor from my hand planer and now attach my shop-vac to the mitre saw.  Still some dust but that is what I expect when I am sawing through wood!The price does hurt but I am hopeful that I won't ever buy another a mitre saw
I'm not a tool expert, but I do use this saw quite a bit.  It is powerful, flexible, accurate and easy to use.  I also use the DeWalt DW730 Heavy Duty Miter Saw Workstation, which I would consider an essential accessory unless you plan to permanently mount this saw.
I have owned and used this saw daily for 3 years and I have never been disappointed.  It was specifically purchased for the construction of a 12' x 17' storage shed and was used to cut everything from 2 x 4's and window trim right up to a laminated 4 x 12 beam.  Mitre cuts, cross cuts and compound mitres in all materials is a breeze, but invest in the proper blades for the job and keep them sharp (goes without saying but I never cease to be amazed).My saw is used primarily in a shop environment and mainly as a replacement for a radial arm saw (cross-cuts 8/4 hard maple like a hot knife through soft butter), honestly I cannot imagine working without it.  I had heard from other trades that the saw &quot;goes out of adjustment frequently&quot; and I must admit I have had this problem on job sites.  The primary issue is the saws weight and awkwardness in moving it around.  The four screws used to secure the adjustable platen to the saw base do loosen up with use and just picking this Mother up can effect the saws precision.  The good news is it's not a major ordeal to re-set the alignment and a little bit of lock-tite prevents the set screws from wiggling loose.  Although the saw can be placed on a work-mate (barely), I would recommend the DeWalt stand (the adjustable material supports alone make it worth the money).  And if DeWalt would just put adjustable legs or feet on this stand it would be a perfect solution both in the shop and on-site.  Yes the saw throws dust everywhere (which is more of a problem in a client's house than in the shop or outside), but a vacuum hook-up greatly helps and in reality every mitre saw does the same.Don't be intimidated by the price or the size of the saw and use care when moving it around, you will not regret making this purchase.  Highly recommended.
Well folks this saw is the best I have ever owned . I chose this one over the nonsliding variant soley for versatility . I can bounce from framing to trim with no extra work beyond flipping the crown stops .The stock 60 tooth blade is adequate for most work but for delicate ornate trim I use a series 40 ( 96 tooth blade ). I have had my saw for about 3 months and I love not doing the old " upside down and backwards " technique .If anyone wants to see some pics , ask and I'll email you asap.I have used it on wood ,poly, and foam crown with great results.  Tom
Love it , love it , love it. DeWalt really thought this one through. Form the smooth belt drive to the cam lock table. I can not find fault with this saw. It has absolutely the largest capacity of any SCM saw on the market.  It is the only one with such a huge fence to support your  material. If you  need to bevel cut , just turn the knob , and it slides out of the way. No  one else gives you that option. (If Makita did , I would be more inclined  to go that direction, since their LS1211 is such a sweet saw, even more  refined than the DeWalt.) The cam lock table is a very nice improvement  over a screw knob design.The whole saw is very easy to adjust if it gets  knocked out of whack by careless workers. It is however pretty heavy to lug  around, so I mounted mine on a Trojan Miter saw stand. Now I roll it around  instead. It sets up in less than 2 minutes.If you need the capacity , you  can't go wrong with this saw. If you don't , consider the DW705.
Bought the DW708 at least 12 years ago for home remodeling and woodworking. It has yet to fail me. The remodeling project was a some 1300 sq ft game room.  I have moved more into working (small furniture) and still love it.  Just recently the electric brake was intermittent, and I went back to the manual. Just needed to pull the brushes and vacuum, and it's fine again. I would like to see a better workpiece stop design for multiple cuts. It's kind of clunky and hard to set to an exact length. It's a trial and error process, and you need to keep checking the wing nuts to make sure nothing loosened on the attachment.
This Dewalt DW7080 Extension system fit my Dewalt miter saw exactly. It is well made and very strong and works great.
This product was a fine addition to my Dewalt compound miter saw. It allowed me to securely place eight foot lengths of crown molding on the cutting table. Amazon shipped mine without the end retaining bolt, but I was in too much of a rush with my project to raise concerns. Besides, not having that bolt did not affect the product's performance. Once again, this was a great addition to my saw.Update:This product sucks! It worked well with flimsy MDF crown molding, but is an absolute waste of time with any real wood. No amount of adjustment will make it support my hardwood projects square against the fence. Save your money and build your own fence and table extension.
I recently purchased the Dewalt DW318 SCMS and ordered this clamp at the same time. I was disappointed when I compared the clamp that came with the saw with this one. The stock clamp has a smaller knob on the top for tightening against the work piece, and only the DW7082 has the quick release button to quickly raise or lower it. The stock clamp does have a bolt on the back of the arm that can lower it on the leg, but the fence of the saw only allows 1/4" of play unless it's slid out of the way. Originally I only ordered one DW7082 clamp knowing that the saw would already come with a clamp, but after comparing the two side by side, I ordered a second DW7082 and put the stock clamp aside. To invest in the saw and not have accessories that perform the way I want them doesn't make sense to me.
This clamp is incredibly easy to use.  The quick release is awesome.  It is very easy to insert and remove.  I like it so much, I had to get a second one.
I bought this with the saw several years ago.  I use the saw and clamp on a real regular basis.  The clamp installs on either side of the saw with a simple twist and is very secure when used to clamp down a piece of wood.  I had forgotten that this didn't come with the saw.
I'm a residential contractor. I bought one with my original SCMS purchase over a year ago. Ever since wished I had a second one ... so I finally did it. Now I won't have to switch the one around (I usually like it on the intake), and also I can hold both sides of my work at once when I need.It is well made and easy to use. And it is a great help when cutting hardwood or AZEK, both of which tend to move spontaneously while cutting.
I ended up getting a pair and they are very good quality!The push button quick adjust works great and I really use these clamps alot. I highly recommend them!No regrets!
If you are using this saw without clamps to hold what you are cutting, STOP RIGHT NOW if you value your fingers.Get one of two of these clamps! They are simple, well made and make your saw much safer. They can be mounted to the saw in a second, and can quickly and securely hold what you are working on. They have a quick release button and a micrometer type fine adjustment for tension. They swing out of the way easily when you don't need them. The rubber foot to hold the work piece is nice and big.Expensive? You Bet!  Overpriced? Absolutely! But then again, you have to ask yourself how much your fingers are worth to you!
I need (want) another one.  It gets in the way on the right side of the saw (715).  The motor is really in the way for use on the right.  I use it 90% on the left - I cut my waste from the right.  But I only use it about 50% of the time - lazy.  No complaints about the function.  Pricy - but so is a visit to the ER.
Just added this clamp to my new Dewalt DW718 sliding miter saw.  This saw did come with one clamp but I decided that I better have another one for the other side of my material I would be cutting for safety measures. It would have been nice if Dewalt would have included this clamp instead of the one that came with the DW718 but I am sure to keep costs down we are lucky to even get one material hold down clamp. This DW7082 clamp is way better than the one that comes with the saw and is more heavy duty with a quick take-up button that saves a lot of time screwing the threaded rod to tighten the clamp. It would be nice to have both clamps like this one but I can't justify buying another DW7082 clamp seeing as now I have one for each side of the blade. This DW7082 material hold down clamp will now become my primary clamp though and the one that came with the saw will only be used when I think two clamps are really necessary.
The clamp works well, but I thought it was pricey even when I bought it at $28 and now its $74. I doublt I would buy again at that price.
Keeps your fingers outr of the way when cutting a LONG or tiny piece of molding.I wound up forgetting to use it half the time but still a great product/accessory
This is a well machined product, excellent fit for saw (DW716) and well worth the price!Clamps down very nicely and swings out of the way when not needed. Would recommend to all woodworkers.
My instructor from a woodworking class introduced this clamp to me. We used them in our class. Later I bought a pair from Amazon. I used them on my slide compound miter saw. They are working beautifully and the best feature is that they are very easy to release. There is another one which is lighter duty. In my view, why don't I just buy a better pair?
The clamp is heavy duty, large and solid.  The first couple of times I tried to install the clamp, it wouldn't fit all the way into the hole.  Turns out, there was some slag in the saw from when it was made.  I broke that out using a bolt and a hammer, then it worked great!
I can't believe it took me so long to find and use these.  makes crown molding so easy.  My wife actually does all the cutting now, that is how easy it is.  Connects to the dewalt saw seamlessly.
The advertisement was just what I recieved.The price was in line of all sources I reviewed.Haven't used them yet but planning too soon.Yes I would refer this item to anyone.
I have a dewalt 716. Stops work great on the saw. I have not tried them on 6inch crown though.****Edit --- I have a correction. I have a dewalt 780 too. I assumed these stops worked on it because it had holes in the same place as the 716 did to accept the stops....but the holes are to BIG! These do NOT fit the 780!
This is the only way to go if you want quick tight miters on crown. The best way to set them is to use a scrap block cut to the size of the projection of the crown at the ceiling. Tighten each stop against the block and the cut will always be right.
Yes, there is a way to cut crown molding that is laying flat, but this makes things so much easier. Not to mention, more accurate. These clamps are excellent quality, and as long as you keep their distance set precisely, your inside and outside angles, and butt joints, will look good.
Before using these, I eye-balled the crown angle during cuts and many times, the corners didn't quite line up right.  With these crown stops, all cuts are made at the same angle so the corners fit perfectly.  No more gaps!  I use this with the DW715 saw and the stops just screw right into the base of the saw.  Super easy!
Crown stops do their job, work well.  It doesn't seem like you can use them for anything more than 5&#34; or so, may be something to check out before you buy them.  But for what I used them for, works good, tightens down into place on Dewalt saw nicely.
I really like these and while although some folks say they are just stamped steel and can be made in a third world country..they are very heavy duty and work quite well when set up properly..if I had to make one change on them, I would add Teflon strips to the faces of them..sliding a stained crown back and forth while adjusting the cut can scratch the crown, so I used black electrical tape..it worked fine then.  I will get some Teflon tape and add it later
Simple to install and remove. Lay the crown on the saw upside down and adjust these in or out to set the exact spring angle. Once set you can fly through your project.
If you are doing crown molding, you need these stops.  They attach very easily to the miter saw and do their job.  Makes work much easier and safer.
My wife wants crown molding in the dining room. Someday I will have to install it, and I am ready when I am no longer able to push it any further into the future.
Bought these in March 2010 and DeWalt has definitely beefed them up. They're now heavy duty steel stops that weigh over 2-lbs. Worth having and worth the money now.
Yes, just as they claimed.  This dust bag is just like the one it replaced.
The original one that came with my saw had a hole in the bag so I ordered this and it's great, I no longer have sawdust flying around and the price was much better than home depot
This little bag does a great job catching the sawdust so your work area says cleaner. Glad I found this. Doesn't hold a lot but for indoor trim work works great
I've owned this saw for a couple of years now and really like this thing.  I frequently use it to cut stucco and cement.  I am always amazed at how fast I can cut through cement with this saw.  I just finished building a deck and I had to cut 2' x 2' holes in the patio.  It cut like butter.  No bogging down.  The only thing that slowed it down was the hot warped blade because this thing cut so fast.  I find that I like the rafter hanger that you can flip out.  It's handy to have a way to hang your saw and not have to hang it from your cord.  You can't go wrong with this saw.Update:  It's been another 1 1/2 years and this saw still works great.  I still find that I need a regular circular saw though.  The torque on this saw is so strong that it will really twist in your hand when you pull the trigger.  I prefer to use the circular saw on precision work, like doors.  But that's the nature of a worm saw.  Nothing slows this saw down.  It's durable too.  I'm hard on my tools.  This has met the task.
Took this saw to the jobsite and all others were forgotten. More powerful than Porter-Cables and others. Slices multiple sheets of OSB. Love the saw hook. Owned this saw fo 5 years without a problem. Make sure you get the gear oil changed every year.
there are many great features about this saw: the low blade guard so you can cut shims from 2x stock, the 50 degree bevel (which the the mag77 skilsaw does not have) is essential for roof framing, cutting hips especially, it's light-weight so it wont wear your arm out all day, it has a saw hook to keep the saw close by on the rafters or out of the mud on the ground, it also has plenty of power and has never bogged down, even in wet pressure-treated or epay (dense, tropical hardwood). i bought it for the 50 degree bevel and the other features were just a bonus. i love this saw and i am happy every day i use it.just a quick note to all you skilsaw lovers: this saw is a hypoid saw, like the makita. it has an off-set gearing system to deliver an awesome amount of power (torque), but it's not a worm-drive. bosch now owns the skil company and their worm-drive saw has the same worm-drive motor as the skilsaw and has more features than the skil mag77. my friend prefers the makita hypoid because it has an xtra gearing system that allows it to start slow without jerking the saw on start-up like every other saw. it's heavy though. i prefer to use my dewalt over the makita and the mag77. i haven't used the bosch yet, but i always hear great things from the people who do. any of the above saws will give you tons of testosterone satisfaction and get the job done right the first time, but i still prefer my dewalt.TOOLS OF THE TRADE awarded this saw as their best saw in 1999, which is why i originally purchased it. they reviewed saws again, in their SEPT 2005 issue. IT WON AGAIN! that's a real testament to me, only far superior tools win their prestigious award. a close second was the bosch wormdrive.
I always like to try new tools. When I got my new DeWalt framing saw, I loved the weight advantage it had over my old Skil wormdrive. It's not much lighter than my newer Mag 77.  The balance is different though. It took  some getting used to . The rafter hook is just one plus I have come to  love. I miss it when I'm using one of my Skilsaws.The extra power is a nice  touch if you're ripping with a dull blade. An excellent tool overall. Why  do I find myself still reaching for my Mag 77 ?
I purchased this saw because I was building a 600 sq ft deck and really needed something that would work well. What a great investment this was. I can't begin to tell you how many pieces of wood we had to cut and the saw did it with ease. I am extremely happy with the results and very happy that I followed the reviews of others before I purchased the saw. Even after completing the deck, I still don't even have to change the blade. I also purchased the reciprocating saw from DeWalt which also worked great. You get what you pay for and it's worth every penny, especially when you don't have tax or delivery.
I'm not a pro, so was a little leery about the price on this saw. Like others have said, though, it was love at first sight (or first feel) when I picked it up for the first time. It just feels good in the hand, fairly heavy, but with a nice balance. And when I first tried the depth adjustment mechanism, that about sealed the deal for me - set the depth you want without hardly moving your hands!I also highly recommend the electric brake. In fact that was the main reason I was looking for a saw - my old skilsaw would spin for almost ever after cutting - which made me nervous. Now I'm used to the brake and wouldn't have a saw without it. In fact, once in a while the brake will fail to engage (I think if I let go of the trigger too slow or something) and it kind of bugs me; I'll usually flip it on again to get it to work.Incidently, the brake isn't designed to be like a brake in a chainsaw (instantaneous stop) since it still takes a couple of seconds before the blade stop. It does add to safety, however, compared to a free-spinning model.The saw seems to have good power - I think nothing of ripping full lenth 2-inch stock and it doesn't seem to phase it, just keeps piling up the dust.
This is my second Dewalt saw, I sold the first when I moved.  I like it because it is heavy and cuts straight.  I tried the Makita, which is lighter, and also a good saw, but prefer the Dewalt.  The new depth adjustment is as good as they say and right at your fingertips.
Bought this saw because of its easy adjustment features and solid plate.  Have not been disappointed and now everyone on the job wants to use it.  Can't go wrong with this saw.
Well I had this saw for 10 years now and I love it.  The flat alum base doesnt scratch the work and the adjustment works well. I've used this saw on a plywood base like a tablesaw and it preformed well. The electric brake continues to work, it's a nice safety feature.  It is a professional quality saw and I would buy this saw again.
I have logged hundreds of hours with this saw in my hand and it never failed me. It cuts as strong now as it did when I first bought it - a good ten years ago.  I previously had a couple of Craftsmans & and an old Skil but I just gave them away after getting this.  I've used saws costing twice as much and I still prefer this old yellow friend.  She is easy to hold, feels great in your hand and sold while cutting.Of the thousands and thousands of dollars I've spent on tools, this was the best $150 I ever spent.  I usually spring for more money than I need, but I'm sure glad I didn't in this case.My youngest son just bought a house and is in need of some tools (not mine). He's getting one as a gift.
A very nice saw. Very heavy (which I take to be a good thing) and I went for this model because it has the electric brake (didn't like the idea of standing there forever waiting for the blade to slow down. The handle sits nicely in my hand and all in all I'm very pleased with it. I bought a better blade so can't comment on the blade it comes with (actually I have used that one once when I was ripping out a piece of old subfloor and was worried about hitting nails with my good blade - it worked fine).
Update 8/19/07 - I have recently discovered that there is a fence/shoe adjustment that allows you to precisely align the blade and shoe for all of your speed square cuts.  To my knowledge - this feature is not available on any other saw.Several years ago I had a chance to use a friend's Dewalt DW364.  It was so amazing that I hoped my venerable Makita 8 1/4" contractor saw would die.  The Makita is still running strong (it's 22 years old) but I finally bought a DW364 anyway.This saw was not designed for the homeowner but for the professional carpenter.It will be too heavy for the casual board cutter and the great design features will only be apparent to skilled pro's.Circular saws have been built following the same basic design for years. Expensive circular saws had strong, durable motors and heavy duty fences while the cheapies had poor fences and poor motors.  The depth and angle adjustments in either group were at best a suggestion of precision.Dewalt to their credit decided to build a better saw and succeeded masterfully.  The other saw manufacturers are still doing things the same old way.What's great - Heavy duty fence, clear view of the cut point from the left hand side of the saw, notch to position power cord so it is out of the way on rips, clear and precise depth and angle adjustment, unbelievably smooth and powerful motor.What's not - it's heavy yet it's mass makes it stable, although not as stable as a worm drive.Caslo
this is my 2nd one of these saws. the first one lasted 10 plus years. a work horse for sure
The DeWalt 364K 7 1/2 inch saw is replacing a DeWalt 369 model that I had for the last ten years so, I expect the same service life. I built a house with the model 369, dropped it from the rafters onto a concrete slab three times; never bothered the operational abilities. Now, I'm building a large wooden boat and wanted to treat myself to a new saw that had more options; like adjusting the blade depth and angle. I located both the same old model and Model 364K on amazon. Model 364K costs about forty dollars more, but what a difference in the power to cut through wood, ease of changing blades, and of adjusting the bevel angle and depth of cut. I also like the heavier duty electric cord. If the saw lasts for ten years, I'll be very satisfied.And when I think of the time I saved by not needing to huff to the home improvement stores and shop, I'm happier.The saw arrived well bundled, and like I said, I'm VERY SATISFIED.
WOW!!! I WAS WAITING FOR IT THINKING THAT IT WOULD BE AS MY OLD SAW BUT IT IS SIMPLY GREAT; AND THE PACKAGE HELP ME TO KEEP MY TOOL IN GREAT CONDITIONS.
After doing a ton of research, I decided to go with this circular saw. Paid a little more to get the one with the case, but well worth it. The saw cuts extremely well and glides through even the most dense wood. It is very heavy for a circular saw, but makes up for it with its power.
I've seen and used a lot of these types of saws but have never expected this to look and work and feel anything like this one, i'm extremely impressed with this saw and count the minutes till i need to use it again!P.s This saw looks way more professional grade then the price tag suggests!
For those who owned a legendary SAWCAT decades ago, this is your near-direct replacement but in a Dewalt-yellow body.We accidently dropped our SAWCAT from an 8' ladder and lamented its loss - its alignment was never the same even after replacing the solid aluminum base plate. Black and Decker isn't the company it once was and the USA made Sawcat is no longer available from B&D; but this saw lives on via Dewalt  - same saw but in a Dewalt body.Tried alert Amazon of a significantly lower price for several days and get them to better/match the lower price that included free (zero) shipping on this exact same saw with carry case - from a large box home improvement center's website - but Amazon apparently would not do drop their price. So we were forced to vote with our wallet and purchase there. We like Amazon and Amazon Prime but they clearly dropped the ball here...This is a GREAT saw, The blade brake is a must-have feature, stops blade rotation in ~2 seconds. This saw isn't the lightest one on the market but it had topped the best saw list for years, and it's expecially great for left-handed craftaman - unlike the worm drive saws favored by right-hamders (that offer left-side cutting area views). It's truly a heavy duty design and had Dewalt parts support to keep it going for decades are there.
I bought another one of these to replace one that was stolen.  It's bulletproof, dead accurate, and really really hard to break.
This saw is a little high priced, but it is the only one I found that you can actually adjust the blade parallel to the shoe. It works quite well after adjusting the blade to the shoe, it is almost effortless to make your cut straight. I would highly recommend it if you want to make very straight cuts with a guide.
I love this saw.  It is a little heavy but I know it is well made, you must get the rip fence make straight cuts so easy.  Buy this saw
Way back in '89 I destroyed a worm gear drive saw. I replaced it with a major brand, big discount store, consumer grade saw,,, then 2 more. Finally I realized that I had spent as much as a nice commercial grade saw would have cost, in just 4 years !! So I began studying and researching and found this saw. I never did like the way that the worm drive saw would torque to the side when I pulled the trigger. The saw wasn't hard to control after the initial start-up but that sideways jump annoyed me. So I didn't even consider another worm drive saw. This saw looked rugged enough and the base plate was precisely adjustable for paralell to the blade. I was sold. It self destructed in '04.I did a short overview of what was available and still couldn't find anything I liked better,,so, in '04 I bought another one. This time though the saw has been upgraded to 15 amps from the previous 13 amps, and I couldn't be happier. 10 or 11 years from now if this one goes out again, I'll buy another one gladly. The smoothest running, straightest cutting, easiest to control saw I've ever seen has no competition. Well,,, maybe the 8  1/4 inch version of the same saw.
After owning a couple of inexpensive 'Made in China' jig saws, and recognizing their shortcomings, which included dropping the blade while the saw was in mid-cut and a laser line that wasn't straight, I purchased the Dewalt 321K jig saw.  In short, this is a really nice, no frills, jig saw.  Other reviews I read stated the shank wasn't straight (about 10 degrees out of alignment), but my saw doesn't suffer from this problem.  The operation is quiet and the action is extremely smooth.  The angle of cut and speed is adjustable. Visibility of the blade/cutting area is excellent.  The t-shank blades are very easy to change and stay locked in place.  I've owned this saw for about a year during which time I've used it to cut everything from laminate flooring to 1/4" diamond plate steel.  It handled these materials with ease and never felt underpowered. Of course, using the appropriate high-quality blade for the material being cut is as important as an adequately powered jig saw.  I'm pleased with this jig saw from Dewalt and recommend it to others.
This tool has the same amps and power as Bosch and Milwaukee jigsaws but with more features. And since jigsaws are used, by me anyway, almost exclusively for curved and angled cuts, it is nice to have these extra features. If they break I don't care, they make work faster and more pleasurable. And since all the moving parts are metal, I'm not too worried about that happening.Universal shank blades have never popped out on me. It can also use T-blades, but I don't. I've cut curves in 3/4" plywood, 3/4" solid oak, and curves in 3/4" granite with this. The slower speed settings are good for when you have a diamond coated blade and don't want it to overheat and have the diamonds melted off. Higher speed settings are good for sawing through plastics and metals.The blower keeps your pencil-guide line clean so you can follow a curve without stopping to blow dust off. The blower force can be turned up and down, and is powerful.I cut a 5ft diameter circle table from fur-wood flooring in a single circular cut today. The blade didn't eject and it wasn't crooked. And thanks to the blower I didn't have to stop a single time, it was a single cut.You can rotate the base on a horizontal pivot like a circular saw, and you can increase the orbital action of the blade for a more aggressive cut in thinner materials.Bits can be changed with a spring action lever right above the blade, which can be done even with gloves on (but unplug the tool first).All of these features have worked flawlessly for me in both light duty and heavy duty applications. Other reviewers I think must be used to old style jigsaws that have only a VSR trigger rather than a dial, a pivot base, no blower, and no other features. And jigsaws like that are fine, especially the ones made by Bosch and Milwaukee, but I like the features on this.I got mine for $70 new from Murdochs, a farm & ranch chain in the Midwest.Dewalts are made in mexico. Their corporate headquarters is in the U.S.
Easy to grip and handle.  Low on vibration and noise.  Lets you get right up next to areas you don't want sanded with full sanding capability to the very edge.  Beats anything I've owned so far for controllability and ability to get in tight corners and edge sand on fine work.The ONLY complaint I've got is with the dust collection system.  The bag tends to jump off on anything you're doing that isn't flat and horizontal.  And a vacuum attachment would be greatly appreciated, too.But, I'd buy it again, even with that shortcoming.
I have used this sander in many ways it was not intended. Abuse after abuse it keeps running. I would have given it four stars because the dust bag is somewhat cheap and does not attach properly but then I dropped it 2 stories on to a paved driveway. Not even a dent. Up to five stars. I have used it non stop for hours. I should have bought more sander for the tasks but it was there and I needed a sander. When I do finally get a random orbital sander I will get another DeWalt.
First project was to put in nine biscuits into two pieces of 1x12x48 pine for a top-bar beehive roof.  Maybe TMI, but they are at a 20* angle, which was problematic.  The first couple were fine so I went merrily along doing the other seven, the last of which was barely cutting the wood.  Had to make another half and start over.  The thumbwheel that locks the height is kinda small .. you may want to give it a little extra &#34;umph&#34; with pliers if you are going in at an angle rather than straight in.So this is operator lack of experience with a new tool performing a rather aggressive (angled) operation.  You just have to tighten the lock more than thumb-tight to prevent the blade from actually pulling the carriage lower with successive cuts.  The double pinion adjuster is awesome .. the chip collector I didn't even try .. they All jam up .. soft pine would have been worse.  The spoils shot out quite nicely .. hey .. it's a woodshop :)  Ergonomically comfortable, very smooth action, and easy to control.  Lessons learned ..  easily 5 Stars.
Dead accurate.  Smooth.  It screams, but produces an excellent job.  DeWalt scores again.
I read the instruction, looked it over and made a few test cuts with it.  It was easy to understand and easy to use especially for 3/4 inch material.  I have been looking at biscuit joiners for about a year and this is the one that has the best value with most functionality and quality.
Have owned this biscuit joiner for years now, it has never given me any problems.It also is the easiest to operate of the different brands I have tried.  I would recommend it.
This model is very quiet and has a smooth deliberate action. It makes very acurate cuts but takes longer to set up. It is a good value for the money and is $50 less than the Porter Cable model.  I was impressed by the sheer weight and balance of this plate jointer. If you want simplicity and acuracy then the Dewalt DW682K is for you!
I was advised by a friend to buy this plate joiner, and I was not at all upset with my purchase. After &quot;fiddiling around&quot; a bit, joining pieces of plywood and two-by stock, I have to strongly disagree with those people who say that this joiner has fence calibration problems. My first few joints went together seamlessly, until I encountered a problem with the two peices of three-quarter ply I was attempting to join. At one end of the board, the joint was perfect. at the other, almost 1/16&quot; out. I was shocked and upset, until I looked at the fence mechanisim, to discover that I had not tightened the lock nut on the rack-and-pinion adjuster tightly enough (in fact not at all), causing the fence to slip and throw the joint off. All in all, however I am extremely impressed with the quality of this tool. It has a weighty feel, because of the solid metal construction of the fence assembly, incredible precision, and a nice long cord. Having a long cord is always nice because you can maneuver the tool about easier, and walk further around without having to shlep out an extention cord. The motor's 6.5 amps are more than enough to cut through the vermont rock maple I recently used to build a cutting board. Though I haven't tried it yet, I am assuming it will handle oak, walnut, cherry and mahogany with equal precision and cutting force. And, on top of all this, it comes with a super cool-looking carrying case. An all-around excellent tool.
This is a very nice power tool. I like how the adjustments work - very easy to setup. I've used this thing a lot where I used to use dowels before. The dust collection works great too. The only complaint I have is about the case it comes in. It's a battle to put it back in the box each time I use it due to a very tight fit. Everything has to be just right before you can close it. I'm going to modify some of the partitions in the case to fix this. I won't deduct a star because overall I am very pleased with this item.
Bought one of these awhile back.  I've used it on numerous projects without any problem.  The motor will strain a bit if you really move into the cut too fast.  Otherwise, the machine is repeatable with a nice fence.  The adjustments for angle, size and depth are easy to manipulate and STAY there once set.Highly recommended.  Absolutely no problems.
So I'm just getting in to making items with wood that are actually nice to look at.  I grew up watching Norm and always admired his skill and his TOOL collection!On to my review - my first project with this was a deck box to store outdoor cushions and I used an assortment of 1x6, 1x4, 1x3 to make the sides, bottom and trim, plans were developed in the head, on the fly.Inital impression was good - the device appears to be well constructed, is pretty well balanced and the adjustments appear pretty easy.First use - On some scrap wood I put a few slots in it and it took a bit to figure out how the biscuit depth/size (0,10,20) was registered on rotating adjustment, once I figured this out, it was off to start joining boards, once the locations for the joint are identified, lineing up and maintaining the joiner on the spot on the wood was very easy.  There is a springloaded abrasive (I don't know the technical term for it) on the face of the tool where the blade retracts that once the device is held tightly against the work surface, it holds the joiner in place for the duration of the plunge and cut.  It does generate a good bit of dust and depending on your position it can end up towards your face.  Eye protection is a great idea (as well as ears) when using this or any power tool.  The cuts that it made (I've used it to make about 100 slots now) have all been very clean and accurate.For someone that it just getting in to woodworking, this is great tool, and I doubt that for my use (limited weekend/evening use) I'll ever exceed it's capabilities/useful life.  I've got several Dewalt power tools that are 17 years old now and still function like new and I have had good experience with with their products.  I am not a &#34;DeWalt&#34; only tool person though, I have Red, Blue, Orange, Yellow and Grey tools in my garage.
All the settings right out of the box are spot on. No adjustments were necessary. The dust bag collected all the shavings and none were left on the ground. I was really surprised as most dust bags are virtually useless. This is a fine addition to my DeWalt tool library. The price on Amazon was less than the B&M stores and delivery was overnite with "prime". Always a good experience with Amazon and thats why Amazon always gets first crack at my purchases. As far as the dust bag goes, make sure you empty it frequently and Im sure you will be more than satisfied with it. Made in Mexico, not China.
Great product, fast shipping!
I've used this joiner on various projects over the last couple years, finding it functional and easy to use, but when I recently put it through some considerable work I was seriously impressed. I just made around 400 slots in order to build a half dozen chopping boards. It cut through both jatoba (Brazilian cherrywood) and maple like butter, making clean, consistent, and accurate slots. The blade is very high quality. The dual rack-and-pinion fence is very accurate, easily adjustable, and stays where you set it cut after cut. The gauge is easy to read, a plus when your protective eyewear is covered in sawdust. The preset stops make it easy to choose the proper slot size too.
Bought this item to help build an oak framed screen door for the front of our house, which ended up being a total of $210, in comparison to the models on line at $900 (including delivery.  This biscuit joiner worked wonders and with little ease. I've never used one, but after experimenting on scrap wood it performed wonderfully and allowed us to build the door of our dreams. Thanks Amazon and DeWalt for such a grrrrrreat product.
This is a quality product. My first one was stolen by a trusted employee. That's why I bought this one ---already knowing how good it was.  True Story !!!

I bought this plate joiner about a year ago, and it has become a regular part of my woodworking activities.  It adjusts easily for doing either straight plunges in a 90-degree edge, or for plunging into a 45-degree  mitered edge.  This is made possible because the fence adjusts to any angle  you would ever need.  The blade goes a long way before it dulls -- I used  mine for at least six months of regular cutting.  The saw has solid  adjustments for bisquit sizes (#0, #10, and #20, as well as a kind of  &quot;open-ended&quot; size that I don't really understand very well) --  you just have to turn a little knob until it clicks into a clearly marked  bisquit-size setting.  It handles better than other plate joiners, since  the body is longer and the handle is in a better location relative to the  mouth.  There are clear, red lines on two places on the plate joiner to  align with your bisquit marks, whether you are using the machine  horizontally or vertically.  The only negative I have to point out about  this plate joiner is that it doesn't have a great dust-collection system,  and also dust collects in the blade opening a little more than other plate  joiners I tested.  Every four or five plunges you have to either vacuum out  the dust, or run the machine in the open air for a second to clear it.  This is a small matter when you consider how nice the finished bisquit  joints look.
Plate joiner....Should have got this years ago, It cuts exactly as It needs too, makes me feel stupid for ever trying it with a router.
must have for all wood workers. this is really well made.  this is not harbor freight junk.  i got this for one of our custom cabinet projects.  works like a charm.  already paid itself few times over with one job.  highly recommend it.
Exactly what you would expect from DeWalt.  This thing is high quality, and performs well.  I have used on many different types of wood, and it never fails to do its job.  Works great, lasts long time.  Buy it.
I am a fan of Dewalt tools, but don't blindly buy any one brand.  I compared the Dewalt to the Freud and Porter Cable.  Although I like these brands too, I could tell in a moment the fit and finish of the Dewalt was superior.  The ergonomics are great - easy to operate trigger unlike the Freud, and not top-heavy like the P.C.Dust Collector works great.  It will hold the dust from 25-30 #20 biscuits without clogging.  Easy to empty with zipper.6.5 Amps is more than enough power to cut #20 biscuits in hardwood.  The DW682 glides forward easily and effortlessly cuts biscuits right where you want them.Aligning parts for glue-up is easier than ever.  The slots allow about 1/8" side-to-side play for aligning the joint.  Once the Beech wood biscuits hit the glue, they swell to tighten up the joint.  My first project was a drill press table - so nice not to have holes everywhere from the brad nailer.I dispute others negative comments:  Some complain that the fence only goes 0-90 degrees, unlike P.C. which goes 0-135 degrees.  They assume this means that you can't cut biscuits for mitered corners with the DW682 - BUT THEY ARE WRONG!  The fence stays at 90 degrees to reference the beveled cut and it works great.  It is all in the manual.  Some complain that the dust collector clogs - not true - even without a vacuum.  Works great.  Another complaint I read was that the biscuit slot was not parallel to the workpiece.  This is a simple adjustment covered in the manual.  Don't people read manuals anymore?  Mine came perfectly adjusted right out of the box.The best feature is the rack and pinion fence which always stays square to the workpiece. 5 star+++ biscuit cutter.
I will seldom use this jointer in a fine application, it is used for hidden deck fastening systems. Outside, used by helpers (who don't care).  dropped from a deck once from 8 foot into dirt uninjured.  Working in a shop situation I would probably have chosen the porter cable.  I could keep it nice, put it away, instead of toss it in a bucket and it would be a clean, nice, ... tool for me to put cabinets together and look good as new in 5 years. I perceive the porter cable as being delicate. I saved ($$$),and can let others use it without worry with this jointer. I can occasionally use it for my simple shop needs.  I wish they still made a metal case for this that is all that I see wrong with it. Second finest machine, fence is way better than the pack, and with the exception of some fancy european model which I see as a ...with the others currently available. This is the best value for the dollar.
This tool does everything the manufacture says it does and does it well.  No wonder many magazines have made it their &quot;Editor's Choice&quot;.I don't understand the negative reviews.  I have experienced none of the problems some people have mentioned.  Maybe a person needs to be smarter than the tool.  I make my living with a plate joiner doing plastic laminate countertops and it has been flawless.  I've used tools costing much more with no improvement in results.The only place I might take away a half star would be since the fence is so precise you wouldn't want to turn it over to an employee who would drop it on a concrete floor.  Other than that I don't know how you would improve upon it.
I read a couple of negative reviews here of this tool, and Ican only conclude that they did not buy the same machine I did.  Ibought mine when they first came out (five years ago?)....  Everything was square and true right out of the box.Since I wear hearing protection with ALL power tools I cannot comment on how loud it is. (My ears don't ring all the time, either.)  The dust bag, as is usual with all dust bags, doesn't work and I haven't used it since the first try.  The shop vac does the trick.It has worked flawlessly on everything from positioning slats in a headboard (OK, I could have used mortise-and-tenon joints, but there were a LOT of slats) to attaching edging to plywood, to table-top glue-ups.  The only biscuit failure I've had was when I tried to use it to attach the aprons to the legs on a children's play table.  Some places NEED better joinery!I am a little confused about the other reviews talking about the machine dumping dust on your feet.  Mine has a swiveling plastic nozzle that I direct to the side when I cut without the vac. It seems to work fine.  Have they changed this design lately?... it, it seems like a bargain.  The Lamello is unbelievably expensive (at least for a hobbyist), the Porter-Cable seems like a nice tool (that I have not tried yet), but the DeWalt seems like the value champ.
When this Kit arrived I was pleasantly surprised at the completness and quality.  The blow molded case is not excessive in size and holds everything just right.  I've used many other tools but never have I used a plate joiner.  Today I can truely say I made the right choice.  The adjustments are all evident and handy to reach.  I made the tool ready for the cut in a snap.  Placed the tool where I wanted the cut and &quot;bam&quot; with ease the cut came out exactly where I wanted it.  I think the price and quality and ease of use makes this a five star winner!
I've had this Dewalt plate joiner for several years and use it often for things like making shelving and for joining mitered corners on gates and doors. I find it to be decently made with adjustments that are simple to dial in. It will cut slots with consistent depth and alignment and the rack and pinion depth adjustment for the fence allows minute changes to be made to for board thickness. The cut angle can also be precisely set anywhere from 0 to 90. The chip bag for this joiner generally seems to only be good for maybe two or three cuts before it becomes clogged with chips, so I will normally use a shop vac and 1" hose for dust collection. For me, the only minor issue with this joiner is that it doesn't also work for FF-size face frame biscuits, which could be useful for things like cabinet doors, but I see that there is now a smaller 3-1/16" diameter blade available from Amana that will supposedly give this Dewalt joiner that capability, so I am considering giving it a try. Overall, I've been very pleased with this tool and how well it has worked for my woodworking needs.
Works like a champ.  Used it to make about 50 biscuit joints already, and no problems.  Watch videos on youtube if you want to see the many different techniques you can use to use this tool.My only complaint is that the little port which blows dust into the dust bag occasionally clogs up.  I figured out that on woods like oak, if I just cut a little slower by pushing in the cutter a little slower, the little port never gets clogged up.  It only gets clogged up if I jam it in really fast, making huge curly cue shavings of wood.  The motor has no problem cutting the slot quickly, but just go a little slower, and the dust is finer and it never gets clogged.  And then when you go slower, the cut comes  out looking cleaner and nicer anyway.I'm a real fan of DeWalt tools, and this one didn't let me down.  I have a whole bunch of DeWalt tools, some of them are like 20 years old with tons of use, and they all work great.  The only thing I've ever had to replace was a battery back for my 18 volt drill after getting tons of use out of it.
I've had mine for several years now. I don't really give it much thought.  It always does what I ask it to. I love not having nail holes in my face  frames. Not a lick of trouble. I don't have the problem  of clogging. If  I'm inside , I use a shop vac. If I'm outside , I use the dust chute and  the ground. I don't point it at my person, I point it away. Nor do I have  the problem of out of square cuts. Even if they were it wouldn't be a  problem.  The slots are wider than the biscuits anyway. If you properly  clamp your work the joint will be straight even if your cuts are off. It's  amazing how forgiving these little football shaped pieces of smashed wood  really are. The glue causes the biscuit to swell and fill the voids. I  really like biscuits. They are pretty strong if you use common sense. I  have large pieces of furniture made exclusively with biscuits(no mortise  and tenons and no screws or nails) that are several years old and have been  moved twice to different locations with NO failures of any joints. The  Porter Cable looked inviting to me but it's not really any better from my  experience with it.I've never used a lamello. I'm sure I would dump my  Dewalt in its favor if I did but I'm very happy with this one that is sooo  much cheaper.
This is simply a great biscuit router that makes any corner or attachment of materials much stronger and tighter for the long road.  So simple to use and once you use it often you will think of projects you wish you had this on.  Like any routing type of tool it is going to make a bunch of sawdust no matter what you do but it is worth it.
This is quite a fixture for your Dewalt router.  I use mine on the DW-621,  so I use the thinner set of rods and extra set screw knobs that come with  it.  It has a thicker set of rods for the 3hp routers.  You rough-adjust it  by sliding it on the two rods that fix to the base of your router and  locking the set screw knobs.  You can then &quot;fine tune&quot; it with  the center knob and lock the set screw knob on it.  The large picture above  will make these explanations clear to you.The dust collection works  okay; I have a small hose adapted to my shop dust collector, but it does  take some getting used to, dragging a hose around with your tool.  The  construction of the fixture is very heavy-duty; it should last a long time  with continuous use.
I am a beginner, but I learn fast. This product works just fine.  As I've learned I haven't used this, but it is nice to have it available.
this is the best edge guide i think i have ever used and the vacuum adapter is a god send for keeping the mess to a minimum
I bought this as part of my DW618 router kit. I'm a DIY, amateur level homeowner/hobbyist.Con: well, not a biggie, but the edger's face was missing a set screw. I found a nice replacement at my local hardware store.As for the rest, I like this edger a lot:2 sets of rods for attaching the edger to your router, the smaller, shorter rods thread into the larger set if you want a really big standoff.Previous negative comments about rods torquing and getting out of alignment when tightened down just don't happen with mine.Setup is quick and simple: make a coarse setting using the rod set screws, then fine tune your distance with the guide's... (drumroll)... fine tuning knob.Vacuum attachment is easily removed, I don't like my clunky vac hose dragging along while I'm edging (personal quirk maybe).Edger face set screws use either a flat  blade screwdriver, or a T-20 Torx bit (nice!), when adjusting the fence face (wide or narrow, depending on what you're edging or your particular bit). DeWalt seems to prefer Torx and Hex bits to screwdriver blades or Phillips, a feature I LIKE.
I found that this edge guide worked well. There was a negative comment about the stability of this guide, but I found that it worked well with good accuracy and stability on very fine cuts (I have to take that review with a grain of salt). I was matching an existing profile on an older piece that I was modifying. The match was perfect where you could not tell the new from the old profile.
This is a great improvement over my past edge guide - two aluminum rods from Home Depot with an mdf fence.  This guide has steel rods, and the knobs lock down securely.  The kit comes with knobs to mount the guide to your router.  The knobs have springs to keep them from vibrating loose.The microadjust works best if you keep some tension on the lockdown knob.  If you loosen it all the way to adjust the microadjust, it feels a little wobbly.  Just loosen it enough to adjust, and it works fine.The plastic part that contacts the workpiece is smooth, and slides with very little resistance.  The guide has a dust collection port with reducer.  My flexible woodcraft shop vac hose fit the edgeguide without an adapter.  By the way the woodcraft hose also fits the DW618 plunge router without an adapter too.  Anyway I now have good dust collection through the plunge base for inboard cuts, or through the edgeguide for profiling cuts.  A nice feature is the split fence, which you can slide outward to create an opening for the bit.Use the thicker rods for the 618 router.  A previous reviewer stated that the rods screw together for a longer offset.  This is not true.  The thin set of rods are threaded to allow them to screw into the Dewalt 610 router.  The thicker set of rods are not threaded.  If you have a longer offset than this guide will handle, you would be better off using a clamp and guide.  But for cuts near the edge of a workpiece, fluted columns, strip inlays, and mortises ---> this edgeguide is great!
Wasn't sure when I purchased it but it worked well with my small plunge router. Really helped in routing two mortise for hinges. Highly recommend.
The edge guide is a must addition to the Dewalt router.  Only wish, would have been nice to be included with the DEWALT DW618PK 12-AMP 2-1/4 HP Plunge and Fixed-Base package.  Dewalt makes a quality tool in my book.
I bought this guide primarily for the dust extraction feature, which works fine. The icing on the cake is the capability to fine tune the guide settings. I'm glad I bought it!
Used be I am used non vacume adapter type edge guide.Dust less compair with befor.I am quait happy with using this item.
Works as advertised. Seems to be reasonably good quality (A Festool it ain't). I have used it for aligning mortises on a board. It world perfectly once it was set up properly. I'm happy with it for sure. Using it on my Dewalt 618.
Purchesed the edge guide with the Dewalt 611PK router.  Fits up to the plunge base only.  Will not fit up to the fixed base.  The fixed base has its own model edge guide.  However, this unit has all the bells and whistles of a high end edge guide. In addition, it will fit up to all Dewalt routers.Review after (3) months of use.Holds its setting very well, no issues here.  The long edge guide is very helpful and a must when doing cabinet work.  The edge guide is low profile when the vacuum port is removed.  However, chip build-up around the base becomes a problem.  I highly recommend this attachment.
I use the heck out of this tool, probably every week.  I've had it about two years and haven't had a lick of trouble.  The on/off switch on mine has worked without complaint.  The speed control has also been reliable and is a nice feature on occasion to lower the speed on more delicate items (although I usually run it wide open).  I don't really have much complaint about the vac attachment; mine wiggles loose sometimes, but not every minute (if anyone honestly knows of one that doesn't every come loose, feel free to buy me one for Christmas; I think it's just the nature of the beast).  Dust collection (with my Fein vac) has been excellent, especially when sanding wood.  I have almost no clean up after.  I've also used this for some moderate drywall work (remodel stuff) and it's been up to the task.  That generates a little more dust than can be controlled with such a small tool, but I was still able to capture about 85%+.I think you'll find this to be a reliable, workaday addition to your shop/truck box.  It may not be as efficient as some of the larger 6&quot; models, but then again, it's much cheaper.
I bought a DeWalt 423 palm sander roughly 10 years ago.  It has always worked great and has always done a great job.  However, there is one aspect of this sander that can be dangerous.  This morning I was using my sander to sand a book shelf.  All of a sudden the rubber hook and loop pad disintegrated and threw rubber pieces all over the place.  Several hit me right in the face hard enough to cause welts.  I was lucky to be wearing safety glasses at the time.  The part number for this pad is 151281-06.  I have ordered a replacement pad from Amazon.  I think that over 10 years the rubber pad must have degraded to the point where it was no longer strong enough to withstand the oscillating forces of the sander.  Its analagous to how the rubber in an automobile tire degrades over time.  From now on I am going to inspect my replacement pad weekly and I will replace it every couple of years.  It is interesting that my natural response after being hit by a barage of rubber shrapnel was to quickly throw the sander away from me while it was still running.  The good news is, after the sander hit the concrete floor with a huge thump, it kept on operating and was sliding around the floor like a snake.  At least I know that it can take a licking and keep on ticking.
This sander is an absolute pleasure to use.  It has very little vibration and really floats over the work piece.  I haven't used it for any serious material removal (i.e. paint, stain, heavily marred surfaces, ect.) so I can only comment on its use in finishing cut boards and sanding in between coats of stain/sealer.The paper for this sander is readily available and relatively inexpensive so get a wide assortment and happy sanding!
While looking around in the tool department at the local Sears Store here  in Fairbanks, Alaska, I noticed this sander on the shelf.  I had heard how  great Random Orbital Sanders were from various people, and since it was my  birthday, I snatched it up and took it home.  To date, I have used this  sander for about everything!  Initially, I used it to sand kitchen cabinets  that I built from scratch and faced with Hard Maple. Then, after finding it  did a better overall job than a belt sander, I sanded two cedar patio decks  (ten by twelve ft, and 8-x 12 ft).  I then used it to refinish the capping  board (2&quot;X 6&quot; on my eaves) that had been badly weathered.  I have  used this sander without mercy for hours on end; I have dropped it from  height approaching twenty feet, and have soundly thrashed it on too many  projects to name.  In short, it still operates like the day I took it out  of it's box...four years ago. The grit of sandpaper you install determines  this sander's versatility!  A great buy for the money!Handy Dan
I avoided buying an electric sander for a long time, but when my projects got bigger and more serious, it could be put off no longer. This is the little guy I ended up with, and boy does it do a nice job! I have three or four grit levels I go through so the hook and loop makes that a snap. Even running 60 grit, I don't see any swirl marks and after the 220 step, the wood is really nice and smooth.I have no idea if the dust bag works because I always use a shop vac, which seems to capture about 99% of the dust if not more!I chose this one over the variable speed model because of so-so reviews I'd read for the other one. I did prefer the ergonomics of the variable speed model better and am reminded of this every time I use it. This one is a bit uncomfortable to grab from the top even though I have fairly large hands. It's fine when I wrap around the middle, but I'd like the option.My only concern is for the gasket-like ring between the pad and body that helps with the dust collection and keeps the pad from increasing in speed when lifted off the work surface. In the instructions, it says that this ring is consumable and needs to be replaced once it's worn out. The kit comes with one spare ring but I have not been able to find these things anywhere so I'm worried about what I'll do when the second one wears out.other than that, this sander has performed well beyond expectations and I can certainly recommend it.
This is my first ROS, and it's great.  The hook-and-loop sandpaper goes on and off quickly, and it stays put while sanding.The dust bag works well, but it is super when I hook my dust collector up to it.  I've had no  problems with the dust bag coming off, it requires a twist and pull to get  it off.
The discs are fine.  They are good sandpaper is of good quality.  The pad sticks well to the velcro.  Sands wood like you want it to.
I like the fact that these pads stay put with the hook and loop fastening system.  Glue backing always gets compromised by dust.  These perform much better.
Works great with my orbital, gives a great finish and they last surprisingly well. I would highly recommend this too any woodworker.
You can't say much more then it's &#34;Dewalt&#34;. This sandpaper does a good job and the hook and loop makes it so easy to use!!!!! If you havent went to this type of sander/sandpaper in your shop you need too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That is what I thought the first time I used the orbital sander with an 80 grit.  It quickly powered through all the stuff that had built up on top of a 30 year old bench-top I inherited when I bought this home.  First step is sometimes the most important when refinishing.
Did not slip at all out of my Dewalt orbital sander.  Has a homogenous sanding ability without tears to the sandpaper.  Wonderful.
Works great with my orbital, gives a great finish and they last surprisingly well.  I would highly recommend this too any woodworker.
This sandpaper works like a charm with my dewalt sander!!! Easy to take on and off. They are a real joy to use and they last for a fair amount of time, even with hard use. I will be buying more of these in the future when I run our of the ones I have!!!!
Works great just like good sandpaper should, SMILE and the price beat the big box stores by a little. If it says dewalt I've found you can't go bad. Thanks  Pitbullman
I tried both these DeWalt and the Sungold. THere is no comparison! The Sungold will last 5 minutes tops, while the DeWalt is good for at least a half and hour of continuous sanding. Depending on the surface, these can even last a whole day. Will only ever get these again.
This is my favorite drill of the ones that I own. It is very powerful, easy to manage, great chuck, and the built in levels are a wonderful addition.
If you are buying your first drill this is the one, if you don't have this drill yet you need it. I have a several drills, cordless and a heavy duty right angle, but this one gets a lot of use. Its high RPM and light weight make it great for accessories like wire brushes and other paint removal products. The keyless chuck is great for changing bits. I use it for projects where I will be using it for long periods of time, like driving lots of deck screws, or removing paint/rust with a wire brush...places a cordless just doesn't hold up. It's a lot better value than a lot of cordless drills, which have their own place. With this drill you get the great Dewalt design and reliability. I have had no problems with mine.
This is a great, reasonably priced drill that has plenty of power.  It is not too heavy and the keyless chuck is great.  This drill will satisfy most peoples' needs.  I use a cordless drill most of the time and get this drill out for more demanding jobs.  However, I have since purchased a 1/2 inch chuck hammer drill for even bigger jobs and drilling in concrete.  In retrospect, I could have skipped buying the DeWalt, but it is still a great drill.
This is a great corded drill. Built lightweight but works great for drilling in wood or light metal. I use it for pocket hole drilling and holes for screws and countersinks. The built in level is a great feature. It has a lots of power for the drill of this size. The case that comes with it is useless. Just throw it in the recycling container.
I purchased this drill because I wanted a powerful 1/2" drill.  I like this drill because its rpm's match its purpose.  I originally purchased the same drill with 2 speeds and the hammmerdrill function.  I thought it was to big and really didn't like worrying about something else to break.  The rpm range is ideal for heavy drilling.  I received the drill, contractor bag and a set of spade bits for $99.00.  I tried the drill out using a 1 inch spade bit through an 8 inch oak branch.  It drilled straight through and never bogged down.  I am glad I got the 7.8 amp drill versus the 6.7 amp drill.  I really recommend this drill.
I have used one of these for five or six years now. It is very strong and very tuff; I can not tell you how often this thing has bounced off a concrete floor and it still works like a champ.Cordless drills are great, I use two of them constantly, but sometimes you just want a solid corded drill and this one fits the bill, strong but not too heavy or bulky; in fact I think that it is lighter than my 18v cordless.I use it primarily for drilling pocket holes for building cabinets and such, when the batteries would have already drained on the cordless drills this one is still going strong.
I bought this drill to get into places that my large Milwaukee right angle drill can not fit into while installing an electrical system and plumbing in what was previously an Amish farm house.  This is an excellent tool.  It is quiet and powerful.  The variable speed is a great safety factor, when boring large holes with auger style drill bits in wood that just might contain nails you don't want to be drilling full speed when the inevitable nail is found, that can be very hard on the wrist.This drill is a very compact yet very powerful tool.  I will push a " auger style bit thru 2x lumber like a hot knife thru butter.  The angle of the handle makes it easy to apply straight line force to the drill bit when needed and the infinitely adjustable front handle is quickly adjusted or removed for clearance in tight locations.  I prefer the old fashioned geared chuck on a " drill, this tool has one and it works great, allowing you to really clamp down on the drill bit.  This is a factory rebuilt tool that looks and works like a brand new drill.  I don't know what you could do to make this tool any better.This drill meets all my expectations as a high quality industrial tool.  I think it is a very good value for the money spent.  I paid $56 for a factory rebuilt, shipped to my door.
I purchased the drill to mix tile thin set and grout. After burning up a 1/2 " Makita and Milkwalkee this drill has held on through hundreds of pounds of mix. Highly recommend.
This is a ruggedly-built drill with the chuck capacity and power to do the jobs I bought it for.  It's a good thing it has the auxiliary handle, because it has LOTS of torque.  It's also handy that the aux. grip can be readily rotated to any desired angle.Even though it's a reconditioned unit, it looks and works like a brand new drill motor.
I bought this drill about a year ago in anticipation of a yearly construction project I do for a student group. During this project, my drill got banged up, had paint poured on it, and was abused  and dropped from scaffolding, without ever quitting. Its major job was the (seemingly endless) drilling of 1" holes using old, blunt, overused spade bits. Despite the poor condition of the bits attached, my drill never slowed down, and the handle let me power through studs. Where others were getting wrist pain with their cordless drills, and having to change batteries, or re-tighten their keyless chucks, i just kept going. The chuck is  SOLID, and lets you really clamp down on bits, and the metal housing for the drill's gearbox makes this thing practically indestructible. I even used this thing to drive several 3" deck screws and it wasnt that hard to maneuver, (though I dont think i'd want to be working overhead with this drill unless i was really in a pinch)as a side note: my dad actually has this same exact drill, but with a keyless chuck, and though the keyless chuck is also made of metal and well designed, i've found that the keyed chuck simply provides better performance, and is worth the hassle of carrying a key around
While remodeling my home, we were taking up the floor boards on the second floor, so we could access the electric to the first floor ceiling fans.  The house is old and still had gas pipe in the floors from the old 'gas lighting', and to add to the confusion it still had the knob and tube wiring.  Needless to say it was tight working between the joists.  Thats were the DeWalt DW160 came in....it fit down inbetween the joists nicely, and had enough power to get the job done.  As mentioned in another review, and keyless chuck would have been great, but other than that this drill is a great thing to have around.
no question hands down the way to go...I had this on my wish list for a while and got it last x-mas...before that we used a Vermont American flush bit on regular or cordless drills and thought that was just fine...but let me tell you the upgrade was worth it...I should have bought it sooner rather than waiting for it to be givin  as a gift.  Its just is so much faster ...easy to dial in to your settings and light weight...
I am a remodeler. I am not committed to any brand of tools, Some brands do better on one tool, and some do better on another. Overall Milwaukee is the brand I use the most, but a drywall screwgun I went with DeWalt. I have no complaints with this gun. It is fast, powerful, light, and has easy depth adjustment. I have been using it for the last year+ and havent had any problems with it.If you have drywall to do, and you dont have a drywall gun you are wasting time. It is worth the money.
As stated elsewhere, if you don't need 130 lbs of torque, and most of us dont, this is a great gun. Two things worth mentioning though:1) Throw away the manual immediately, it is less than worthless. It will only serve to confuse you and upset you to the point of frustration. Why most manuals are so poorly written I will never know. I guess they figure at the point where you're reading the manual, they've already got your money! Bench Dog is a shining example of the opposite BTW. Their manuals are clear, concise, thorough, I can't say enough about them.2) DO NOT use bits with a cut by the bottom of the bit. These are the longer bits, maybe 2 inches long, sometimes 2 sided? they will stick in the gun, you will have to take it apart and send away to Dewalt for a new bit holder.Use only 1 inch long flat sided bits, they are held magnetically, you don't need the extra grab that the other bits give.Still a five star rating for the tool itself, just these caveats.
Several years ago I retired my corded Makita drywall gun which I had used for years and bought the DeWalt DW272. This gun is fast and reliable! The 'dial-up' depth setting is simplicity itself and never faulters. The gun is light; powerful; well balanced; and rugged. For the average homeowner's drywall needs, this gun is all that he/she needs.I recently purchased the DeWalt DC520 18v drywall gun (which can be very pricey), because I hate dragging around a cord. But for the overhead work I still grab the DW272! This is a fabulous screw gun for the money! If you are in the market for a corded drywall gun, get it, you won't be sorry.
Have hung my share of drywall over the years (not as a pro) and always used either hammer and drywall nails or a cordless drill with a bit to drive screws.  This drywall screwdriver really speeds up the process--even for a small room.  It does take a while to get the hang of it, however, because unless you drive the in screw perfectly straight, it won't seat properly and you'll have to back it out and try again.  I'd practice driving a few screws on a scrap of drywall first to get the knack of using it and to adjust the depth setting for your job before beginning work--the screw should be just below the surface of the paper so you don't hit it with a taping knife--if the knife &#34;clicks&#34; on the screw when you go over it, you need to set the depth a little lower.
If your a tradesman or a homeowner hanging drywall this is the tool for you. I've been in the construction business for over 30 years and believe me I know a lot about screwing things. The variable speed is a must and the long lasting Dewalt tool saves you money by not having to purchase another one after the first job you use it on. Where speed and top quality is needed, the Dewalt name and tool comes to the aid. Believe me, buy this tool and you won't be unhappy.Larry Hobson
Gotta agree with others who find this one of the best, easiest to use guns out there. I gave up on my Porter Cable gun after 2 switches gave out ($45 ea). This gun is comfortable and lightweight. 5 stars!
I looked at several competitive products and chose this one.  This is a very good tool.  It is easy to handle as it is light, yet powerful, and the trigger is large.  These features give you good control esp with larger screws.  I have driven up to 3 inch screws with ease.  The nosecone takes some practice to adjust, but once you figure it out, it performs very nicely.  My only complaint is that the instructions provided are kind of sparse and you end up figuring out how to use the tool by yourself.  Not a big issue, however, as the tool is very simple.Overall, very satisfied!!
This is a life saver, and delivers as promissed, but is way over priced for what it is.I cut a lot of yellow pine, which wants to pinch behind the blade.  I've had to shut the saw off too many times in the middle of a cut and pray for no kickback.  That is why I knew it was time to invest in one of these before something went wrong.  After ~30min setup on a Grizley 1023SL, I can't believe that I didn't buy one sooner.  It is so easy to add and remove the splitter, that you keep it on the saw!!!  The only drawback is the price.  Considering it cost half of what the saw cost me, it was hard to pony up that much cash.  But I must say, that it is still cheaper than one trip to the ER.