Am I an idiot or the only one in the free world who HEARS this guy CANNOT sing. His voice cracks and is off key.
I have tried repeatedly to download this to my computer and I cannot do it. I have already paid in full. Pls help.
If you buy this and download it, you will find out there is nothing on it. $7 wasted for nothing. Also, Amazon will not allow you to return it.
This album is fantastic, and a joy for anyone who likes great music. However, this is NOT the version of Un Dia Bonito that was originally released! This does not contain the long piano solo introduction, but jumps right in where the horns start. It's great stuff, but it's not what I was looking for (I think it was originally on Coco records).
Once again a total emotionless intepretation of some of the most beautiful songs ever written.  Certainly, the musicianship is flawless but there is no soul to the music.  Go the reissues of the original recordings but stay away from this.
I bought this collection thinking that I was getting original recordings.These are original recordings, but they are mutilated by awful drum machines and cheesy keyboard parts.Beware as this makes for a very unsatisfying listening experience, unless you like the idea of listening to Zhou Xuan accompanied by an Atari video game from 1982 and a Casio keyboard from the same year.Do not buy this collection!....There has to be a proper unmolested collection available somewhere. This is not it.
I was browsing the 'Celtic/New Age' genre, and ran across this ... it's simply NOT 'New Age', and NOT 'Celtic'.Buyer beware!
This is NOT the ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK TO THE MOVIE! From what I can tell it's in urdu or something... Wish I could get a refund... Buy the other album from amazon mp3...
I was quite disappointed. The version I bought 4 decades ago had the actors' lines as a lead-in to each track. This does not, and the sound quality is terrible.
I just downloaded this album after hunting for it for a lifetime. The music is great, but where are the lead in lines between Anthony Quinn and Alan Bates??. Very disappointed! Those lines are a BIG part of the charm of the original soundtrack album. Don't download this album unless you just want the music. I wouldn't have downloaded if I had known that part of the album was missing.
DO NOT go by the reviews of this product, if you search all the zorba the greek music reviews in all the different zorba the greek products, you will find all the same reviews. So the reviews are NOT specific to this product.I purchased the mp3 thinking it was the movie sound track as it is also linked to from the zorba the greek movie sound track page, and some of the reviews state it is. But the mp3's are NOT the movie sound track and do not include the movie dialog, to my great disappointment.If you are looking for just the music in mp3 perhaps the digitally remastered would be a better purchase.Zorba The Greek: Digitally Remastered, Bonus Booklet EditionAmazon is clearly using deceptive practices in their advertising and reviews submitted by users to make you think you are getting something your are not. Unfortunately I will have to purchase the digitally remastered version to see if it is any better than the faulty one I got stuck with.
Music Today clearly has no idea how to pick a handful of exceptional performances. The performances here seem like a random sampling of Hindustani vocal music. Even I could do a better job.
This is an excellent album. However, two of the most popular Rajasthani folk songs in this album "Nimbuda" and "Gorband" have static hiss for first one minute or so. Very disappointed after buying this from Amazon (digital download).
I was not happy with this recording because it did not sound like Jacob do Bandolim. The art-work was also disappointing.
I should have been tipped off that something was wrong when the guitars in the preview sounded heavier that how I remembered. This remake completely lacks the sound qualities that made the original so great.Follow the link below to get the original you were most likely after.[url=http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00175EYBS/ref=sr_1_album_2_rd?ie=UTF8&child;=B00175EUF8&qid;=1254384937&sr;=1-2]I Ran (So Far Away)[/url]
Song is a rerecording, not original artist as stated.  If you are going to sell covered music, please note that's what they are.
This is not the song we all remember and love!  This is a BAD remake, by some of the original band members.  You probably do not want this version!
was hoping to get the original "I Ran" but that isn't what this one is - still looking for the right version by the original bandfor all I can tell this isn't even seagulls playing the tune....
This mp3 song is not the same song I remember. This edition is not as good either. I had sampled the other mp3 in Amazon and the samples all sounded the same.
The CD id By somebody called Isabelle deGastro called &#34;Accident d' Parcours&#34;  I bought a CD called &#34;Wedding songs of Uttar Pradesh&#34; by Shubha Mudgal... what a surprise! would like to return it for a full refund.
The CD has a Latvian Tittle with a Latvian singers name.  The 20 songs are also listed in the Latvian language as Latvian songs. But,unfortunately the songs are not sung in Latvian.  They are sung in German.  I was very disapponted as a Latvian who got tricked into buying a Latvian CD.
Listen again - this sure ain't Fred Buscaglione! The record in question actually has some fun pop jazz on it, not raga singing!
I think I know the effect this guy is trying to create but he needs singing lessons. the musical instruments and his voice crash with discord, he sounds tone deaf.
If you got here from the Putumayo:Africa link, be forewarned this is not the correct record.
I was disappointed in the recordings on most of this volume.  I would not recommend.  Songs seem to be poor recordings thrown together to make an album.
the music was very superficial and lacked depth in its presentation.Good to use as background music in a party or function
Just FYI that this seems to be all instrumental music; all of these songs traditionally have lyrics and are sung by the artist indicated, but here they are not.
The Very Best of Pure R&B;: The Summer CollectionI was led here because I was looking at "The Very Best of Pure R&B;" import CD and it had a link to where you can download the songs as mp3s. But this doesn't seem to be the same album.  Maybe you people over at Amazon can fix this.
I thought this was the real Girl Talk (Gregg Michael Gillis), the artist that I really like, and have all the albums. Who knew another group used the same name. Didn't like this music at all. Felt I got ripped off, and not by The Night Ripper either.
some people might like this, but this is all quiet storm, easy listening, smooth jazz type stuff. not at all like the rap-hop-indie GT mash ups. not for me - i wish i could get my money back. (i can't preview the songs at work, and i'm impatient. oh well)
This i purchased based on a recommendation.  Onomatopoeia of a cat who is trying to add intellect and poetry to a song.Awful!
All I could hear is the reframe played over and over again with just music in between, to repetitive. I ended up getting the whole cd from the Irish rovers.
First of all this is NOT SALSA. This is old time cumbia and merecumbe (50s 60s)These are a mix of Billos recording badly remastered with horrible volume swings (because vocals in originals are too low for modern tastes perhaps) and the newly interpreted stray so far from the original as to bearly remain even a "cumbia"If you know nothing about this music two or three tracks might be ok. If you ever heard the Billos  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. There is NONE of that brilliant brassy sound, harmonious and melodic riffs, just a cheap band making imitations and bad recordings from old LPs
I have to agree with the others.  This is the very first review i've ever written on any artist granted, there are a few more artist out there that need to be slammed and I apoligize to Mr.Baldwin for being the first candidate but I really look forward to Mr. Baldwins New Releases, had I heard this CD prior to purchasing it, I WOULD OF NEVER BOUGHT IT. I feel as though I need to let the people know in Jazz-Land to save your money on this one.  I have every other CD by Bob Baldwin and they've all faired well. I  don't know what happened to this one.  I give it a 1 star because the scale does'nt go any lower
I am really disappointed with this CD.  I just could not come to grips with the latin flavor.  Don't get me wrong I enjoy latin jazz/music but not from Bob.  This is a long way from his Standing Tall CD and any other.  I listened to this online and I am so glad that I did not buy it.  Maybe next time Bob.
THE REVIEWS HERE ARE FOR "YNGWIE MALMSTEENS RISING FORCE" ALBUM......THIS ALBUM "THE FORCE", IS "NOT" YNGWIE MALMSTEEN.......i HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THIS CD BY 'THE FORCE' IS........BUT IT'S DEFINITELY NOT YNGWIE.....!
I can't even be kind on this review.  with the exception of "only you" and "Whatever Lola Wants" quite franklyLola wants never to  have bought this pathetic CD.  To say it is boring (there must be a better word than boring)but at the moment I can't come up with one.  There is so little orchestra music out there that is worth listening too anymore and Pourcel is one of the better ones.  However, this CD misses the mark in every selection in every direction.  To say that it's elevator music would cause the person in the elevator to go to sleep and forget to get off.  This is my last effort with Franck Pourcel, I think I've had quite enough of his sleepy time music.
This album is nothing but cut ups of songs from "Sounds of the Favelas" which is excellent, so you're better off buying that one. However this album just takes samples and loops from that one and remixes the songs. It's still not bad, but obviously ripped off from other music. "Sounds of the Favelas" came out in 96 and all of the playing is live. Get that one if you don't have it already.
Just a warning to those Caravan completists that think they stumbled upon a long lost early Caravan release.  This is NOT the 'Canterbury' Caravan from Britain; these guys are from California.  Although this album isn't bad, it's not what you're looking for.
Good, because I like this Vaishnodevi Aarti.Disappointing, cuz the title shows as Aartiyan ie more than one with six different images and more than one singer, but you get only one aarti.Sound Quality - 3/10Rest is up to you ie the buyer or listener to make the choice !
I have been waiting for Trevor Walters Love Me Tonight to show up on CD and here it is. However the producers of this CD not only transfered it from vinyl but they managed to find a copy that sounds even worse than the one I already own. Shameful. At least I only wasted 99c for the download.
I wanted Jonny Greenwood is the Controller, I was looking at that physical disc, and its digital downloads brought me here.I have never heard of this band, it is the most mundane bland canned rock you ever did hear. Didn't help that I was expecting Radiohish reggae and I got limp splotchy splooge.
DO NOT BUY THIS.  The files are corrupted so they do not download properly.  Amazon has acknowledged this twice, but they continue to leave the product for sale. To me, that does not demonstrate a desire for customer satisfaction.
This girls voice is just so-so. Not worth the money! She's not even comparable to Celine. She needs more practice!
... this CD is a joke!!!The production value of this CD is not up to the quality of Charice. GOOD GOD!!! Half the CD is instrumental!!!Charice, please be more selective with who you deal with in the music industry. Because this is a very disappointing first offering.David Foster, where are you?!? Save this talented girl from this mediocrity.
Forget about this one. You cannot find any trace of Charice's voice here except "I have nothing" . Save your money for others. Cheap recording from Phillipine.
I was disappointed in the quality of the CD...it sounded very 'tinny'..very badly produced.  Most importantly only half the CD was her singing, the rest was just music.  She is such a BRILLIANT singer with such an unusual voice which sends shivers up my neck. I would have liked to 'hear' a CD before purchasing, so I shall only buy from a store now.  The only reason why I purchased from Amazon it that I could not find her CD here.
The music is great.  The files SUCK  ... S U C K !!!!!This digital download plays ONLY on my computer.  I CAN NOT get it to burn onto a CD to play in my car or my living room stereo. (Yes, both my car unit and my home stereo can play mp3 files and I have played burned mp3 CD's in them before.)  I have tried multiple work-arounds trying to get this done and the only result is a pile of coasters.I WILL NEVER BUY MP3's FROM AMAZON AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!  NEVER  NEVER  NEVER  NEVER  NEVER
I am sick and tired of re-recordings of the old hits. Most people who love the 1950's and 1960's music want the ORIGINAL recordings, period. Do not waste your time on this collection.
Plays the same tones.  No sounds of nature like I thought. May be relaxing for someone but not for me.
Personal preference.  But when it comes to music, what else is there? I figure, if you wouldn't listen to it at home or in the car, why listen to it when working out?
This CD does not have any of the major popular zumba songs and compared to those songs that the ZIN get this CD music is boring.
I read the review on the singer and it had 14 sings but when i downloaded i only got 11.
Great Greek songs recorded in the USA however several artists that perform on this CD, two of them are still alive.  The others have families.  The families are gathering together to copyright this music and are seeking legal counsel.
May_03_2013Songs has a lot of distortion, the record company did not put a lot of effort on sound quality.Poor sound, a lot of distortion, I am disappointed.First Album is better, but is not available on Amazon.Explicit lyrics, I hate That. The new Mc Cejas Album is worse on explicit lyrics.
This is false advertising, I dont remember any of these songs from the show, dont waste your money, these are none of the songs played in the show.
I ordered two songs from this album and both have skips, like the digital tracks were ripped from a scratched up CD. You can hear some of it on the samples. It wasn't apparent in mine, but it does show up later in the tracks.
This a like a Muzak version of Hawaiian music. Or elevator music versions. It all sounds the same. Avoid at all costs. Lucky for me I didn't pay for this CD, I got it from the library.
Why is this not available for purchase in Australia? Digital music is available digitally ie. on the computer or your music device, so why can I not purchase this (or any other MP3 format) in Australia? Ken Davis is Australian and yet we can't purchase it here! I have used Amazon for years, and more recently for my ebooks but now? Please update to be able to purchase in Australia - we would like to purchase too!I'm sure the album is 5 stars but I have rated it with 1 because of the service.
This CD is, as others have said, is inauthentic, misrepresenting, and misleading.  As a degreed percussionist who has extensively studied the music of many of these cultures, it is a disgrace to the music and cultures that are attempting to be represented.  Not to mention that each track sounds the same.  The drums being used are the same on each track as well, with no distinction between West African instruments, Japanese Taiko instruments, Brazilian Samba instruments, Indian instruments, etc. Do not waste your time and money on this ill-researched and poorly performed mashup of inaccurate meandering.
I love the CD however I now know why they state it is a manufactured item.  This is a copy of a CD with no 16 page Booklet which is why I was buying this item.  I will have to purchase it again at another place to get the booklet - liner notes.
Please be aware that this is some soundalike re-recording and this is not the original Musical Youth version of "Pass The Dutchie". It's quite simple, just check the video on Youtube and you will hear the difference. In my honest opinion, you're being ripped off if you pay for this fake Musical Youth song.
Steer clear this is garbage anda lousy remix of long ago hits put to the reggae beatshame on the sellers
So I've been looking at various books/instructional CDs on frame drumming and middle eastern drumming, and of course this and other Talisen CDs came up... but hardly any of them had reviews, and aside from this review, the only one I could find was an &#34;average&#34; 3-star review on &#34;Playing Along with Middle Eastern Rhythms Vol 1&#34; that had a few criticisms about the overall production quality/instructional value of the album. I listened to the samples from the Amazon pages for a few of his albums and, while certainly not professional quality, most weren't terrible and some were even rather good in the context of an instructional disc and something to play along with while learning the rhythms. Before I made my purchase, however, I decided to do a Google search for &#34;Talisen&#34; which brought up a lot of unrelated stuff, so I narrowed it by adding &#34;drum&#34; to the query. This brought up as one of the results a Reverb Nation page for the album &#34;Talisen & Friends&#34; which lists Jesse Rogers as Talisen's real name (and also as his manager... since he's an independent artist, I guess). Afterwards, I did another search for &#34;talisen jesse rogers&#34; and, low and behold, guess what comes up? The second of only two reviews on Talisen's products on Amazon and the only 5-star review!I was on the cusp of purchasing his frame drum and playing along with middle eastern rhythm albums as I have recently taken an interest in both frame drumming and other forms of hand drums/world drumming. Combined with the far-from-optimal recording quality of the material, however, the other review on this item, written by &#34;Jesse Rogers&#34; and far from likely to be a coincidence, has prompted me to look elsewhere for my instructional needs. While I won't lie and I say that I won't buy any of Talisen's products, as I still might, the fact that he would try to artifically inflate the reviews of his products has made me lose respect for him.The 1-star rating I gave this product was intended to balance Talisen's glowing 5-star review of his own product, making the average review a reasonable 2.5-star review given the &#34;average&#34; quality of the product as a recording. I will change it to three stars if the review from Jesse Rogers (aka Talisen) is removed, though, as I have reported it to Amazon as abuse of the review system based on what came up in my research on Talisen on Google.
Purchased track from one of my FAV artist Kalabi, finding out that this group is not paying this artist for his contributions to this album.  Might Fat Records this needs to be addressed
I really wouldn't call this reggae at all . More like boring jazz with hip-hop beats.
This thing (I don't even want to call it music) is very bad and I think writing good reviews on Mr. Namjoo's "music" is an insult to the Iranian people and their artists from Shamlu to Kia Rostami.
Truly awful.  Goes in the "What were they thinking"? category.  Remastered I could understand. Remixed with additional drums - played sloppily and out of sync - ugh!  These recordings weren't to a click track, so even if you tried to play along with the masterful drum and bass crew of the Barrett Brothers, you'd never get it right.  These guys don't get that and you'll do well to get the original versions - not these bastardized versions of classic Wailers tunes.
Very disappointing I'm afraid - early Heptones is wonderful (Sea of Love is essential). I hate to say it, but this sounds like a band who would play at a cheesy beach wedding in Jamaica.
I agree with the previous review. Of the three free tracks, only track 10 is working.
The free songs from this album are nothing but static.  I have notified Amazon about this problem and they have done nothing to fix it.
I have been a fan of Abigail Washburn for a long time but was disappointed with this music.  Abigail usually plays bluegrass-fusion with Chinese influences.  Her solo album and her albums with Uncle Earl and The Sparrow Quartet are amazing, but this was quite a let down.  Young people who like hip-hop will probably love this stuff.  I do not.  She speaks Chinese and has been to China many times and she participated in this album to help the relief effort for the Shanghi earthquake that happened a few years ago(similar the the relief efforts that are going on for hurricane Katrina).
I love classical and appreciate the music. The recording is very old and dont seems to be reformated. It does not play right in my stereo.
I bought this by mistake. this isn't sold by any music company didn't notice that. It looks like songs have been recorded un-professionally. Most of the songs have been sung by singers who doesn't seem to know how to sing. Save your good money for other songs.
Please don't buy this Remix CD. All songs have been sung by replacement singers. The quality of the music is good, but the singers are terrible.
I Love America, This song is not the original hit.  This is a live version.  I forget where I downloaded the original song. I don't recommend this version, only if you like live versions of your favorite songs.
The other reviewer is right. This seems to be the wrong CD.The cover art here shows Funky Chicken not Big Youth.The mp3 downloads are correct. The CD is not! I looked atsome of the sellers. It appears to be Funky Chicken notHit the Road Jack.
Bought this for a Mexican themed event we had at work, it was a hit and really added to the ambiance :)
This download is NOT Paulson Kalu's Greatest Hits. It is a random collection of highlife songs, some good, some not so great. I don't believe any of the songs are the songs listed. What a ripoff!
I don't know where these 5 star reviews are coming from - these people must not know anything about Salsa - this is an awful CD, and personally, I'd give it no stars if I could. I've been a loyal Willie Colon fan since the original "El Malo" came out in 1967 - but this is nowhere near what the legendary Master is capable of. This is just God-awful to listen to. It seems like he either phoned it in or has completely lost touch with the public - he's on some other planet thinking this is good "music". It reminds me when he left Fania and came out with those weird "concept" albums - away from Salsa and into different types of music that no one cared for - he blamed the record companies for not promoting his music, but in reality, the music was terrible. I don't know how Willie sank to such low depths musically - the man was a genius in every way: both as a performer and a producer. For those of you who think this is a great CD, I urge you to listen to his other CDs: the original "El Malo", "The Hustler", "Guisando", "El Juicio", "The Big Break - La Gran Fuga", "Cosa Nuestra", "Lo Mato", "Solo", "Fantasmas" as well as those he made with Ismael Miranda, Celia Cruz, Ruben Blades, etc. (he produced all of them) and reconsider your ratings for this new schlock CD. I know Hector Lavoe sang on his earlier albums, but what I want you to listen to is the style of the music - Hector's singing is a bonus. For thos of us who grew up listening to the man and consider him a legend, this CD is such a letdown, especially after a 10 year absence. What an embarrassing disappointment.
I had to censor my first review because it was overheated. Let me just say that this collection is only 1/3 of the 12 tangos on the original album; that's why I gave it only one star. Here is a list of them: A1. Valentino Tango; A2. El Choclo; A3. El Relicario; A4. Blood and Sand; A5. La Cumparsita; A6. Roses of Rio; B1. The Sheik of Araby; B2. Wonderful One; B3. Tango du Reve; B4. Caminto; B5. La Rosita; and B6, Queja Pampera.The original LP can still be found and, in my opinion, it's well worth looking for. For what it's worth, Blood and Sand is my favorite Tango. It may not be authentic, nor do I care. To me, it's everything I ever wanted or expected from a Tango. I guess I'm hopeless, because I also like Orchids in the Moonlight, and I know that's not "authentic". So what? Piazzola is authentic. I rest my case.
This EP comprises three tracks from the 1961 album by the brilliant flamenco guitarist Sabicas (1912-90), which (as far as I'm aware) has never appeared on CD.  It's a masterclass in arranging for three guitarsAmazon's track-listing gives the titles of pieces but not the styles, so I list these below:1) Milonga Inspiraci&oacute;n de Sabicas2) Alegr&iacute;as Ol&eacute;, mis tres guitarras3) Ronde&ntilde;a De los laurelesBut this album was recorded in stereo, and Amazon's samples sound to me like mono!  Ecchh.  Digitally remastered, indeed!  In my opinion you'd be better off with the stereo LP (Columbia WS-320 or Hispavox HXS 000-03).
We wouldn't need re-recordings if we could just get the originals.  They're available on Amazon.fr, but can't be downloaded in the US.  Annoying.
There are three new albums recently re-issued that are NOT by Ray Davies of the Kinks. They are "Latin Expressions"  "Hooray For Hollywood" and "Lights, Camera, Action". They are by "A" Ray Davies, just not "THE" Ray Davies. Apparently the Ray Davies associated with these 3 Albums is an orchestra leader who does soundtrack recordings.
We were quite disappointed with this CD. I had high hopes for this since it got good reviews, but when we listened to it, it was not so great. How many songs can there be about eating? Also, the pronunciation of the words were that of a non-spanish speaker.
Cute concept but songs are not memorable to keep on singing. Maybe good for some but did not work for us
This is not an authorized Ernesto Cortazar CD and for that reason Ernesto Cortazar is not responsible of the quality of this product. There was a Korean CD of Leaves in the Wind but The CD cover is completely different. Buy it at your own risk.The Korean Company that has the distribution rights for this CD ended their distribution agreement with Ernesto Cortazar on 2009.For the moment the only Authorized verion of this CD is on MP3 format -Leaves In The WindErnesto Cortazar III
Made a huge mistake buying this set!  Save your money! DO NOT BUY!  DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! WASTE OF MONEY!
If you are a tango dancer or D.J., looking for a collection of the most danced-to tangos in either the U.S. or Argentina, you will be sorely disappointed with this collection. It contains few, if any, of the the essential golden era hits. Instead it is comprised of mostly relatively obscure, non-danced-to,listening-only tango: early Gardel, Piazzola, etc. that you would almost never want to play at a milonga. Calling the collection "50 Essential Tangos" is misleading at best. Avoid it.
Nearly every song is mid-tempo "club" number with pretty much the same arrangement, mostly with autotuned female vocals, in English, that sounds nearly identical from song to song. It's almost as if it's all being done by one producer in an afternoon. Next !
Poorly "put together collection" of music, several of which are "NOT CUBAN" bands.Different bands and artists "gleened" from other "sources" made into MP3's and sold like this.
Nice elevator piano music but ruined by the synthesizer orchestra. Piano only would be much better. Synthesizers are grating and cheap lazy.
please don't sing like this over cod reggae, or should I say "please don't play cod reggae over this lovely vocal?...
There is an error with this order, its listed under the no music version otherwise its fine if thats what you intended to purchase.
Dont have a review for the 2 cds.  Never got them and had complained to amazon.com no results yet.  Would like to get my money back please. Was a xmas gift for someone special.
All great songs by Conjunto Estrellas De Chocolate, but none of these have been so called "Digitally Remastered".In fact, just listen to the sound samples to hear the "non-remastered" sound quality.On # 1. "Arrebato" you clearly hear the surface sound of the needle on the vinyl. ("Digitally Remastered"??)These were all recorded from the original vinyl LP.Only 1 star for the "sound quality" of these MP3's.5 stars for these original Estrellas De Chocolate record, in which "Papi" Oviedo is heard on these playing electric tres guitar.
Nice late 60's songs by Rev&eacute;, but none of these have been so called  "Digitally Remastered".In fact, just listen to the sound samples to hear the "non-remastered" sound quality.These were all recorded from the original vinyl LP's.Only 1 star for the "sound quality" of these MP3's.5 stars for early Orq. Rev&eacute;.
Great band, but none of these have been so called  "Digitally Remastered".In fact, just listen to the sound samples to hear how sound terrible the sound quality is.My original vinyl LP's with all these songs sound 100% better.
I agree with the other review that this CD is a fake. I recently bought this CD in a local market. The musics uploaded to this cd are not the same superb tracks by the real Peacocks.
There are only two Peacocks Guitar Band tracks on this album, it has been falsely described whether by negligence or deliberately. Amazon, please remove this album from the list immediately!
The samples connected to this artist are not the correct songs.  It sounds like a male artist.  Go to youtube, search for one of her songs and you will see for yourself.  I alerted Amazon.com twice and they just ignore me.  I wouldn't buy any until they fix it!
I don't know who ever let this noise reduction software in the door.  Unfortunately, it is used all over the place with the unmistakable "guitar flanger" sound.  The designer had a brilliant idea of using adaptive filtering so that certain passages cause the filter to sweep over the frequencies, giving the flanger effect.  It is extremely unmusical.  You can hear this clearly in tracks #3, 4, 7, ... 19.The CDs to get instead are Harlequin's:  "Orquesta Tipica Victor" andOrquesta Tipica Victor 1926-1931
The music was simply not to my taste. It just didn't evoke any sort of atmosphere for me, either Elven or dream-like.
Pretty weak. Nothing new to hear, so they added some horns and are classifying it as funk, meh. I would be curious to see if they chart or make it beyond a year or so as it would only appeal to the world music/NPR crowd. Unique but not great.
This EP comprises three tracks from the 1961 album by the brilliant flamenco guitarist Sabicas (1912-90), which (as far as I'm aware) has never appeared on CD.  It's a masterclass in arranging for three guitarsBut this album was recorded in stereo, and Amazon's samples sound to me like mono!  Ecchh.  Digitally remastered, indeed!  In my opinion you'd be better off with the stereo LP (Columbia WS-320 or Hispavox HXS 000-03).As I write, Amazon provides four (4) different pages for the LP (here,here,hereandhere); but they don't specify whether mono or stereo, so you'll have to ask the seller.
Not the real band!! Made mistake buying, got tricked with the title, took it off my collection list on my ipod altogether.  Piece of crap, should get docked for false advertising.  No stars, if they had negative stars, i'd rate it negative. Had to give it 1 star to post a review. Don't waste your money, get the original band
I ordered this album around the same time I ordered Rafael Munoz Canta Jose Luis Monero. I do not know what happened but I only have three songs #'s 5, 7, and 8 from Vintage Puerto Rico # 11. What could have happened to other sons in the album. I have searched everywhere in the Amazon site but can't find them. And, trying to contact some one to find out, well_____ I have not figured out how to reach anyone about this matter and gave up.
The title to this CD is deceiving.  The music on here is not Bollywood.  There are a few good tracks, but not the kind of music yiu thought you were going to get.
I too saw and heard the Island Magic Steel Band on a recent Holland America cruise.I was certainly impressed with the sound and the ability of the performers and bought ($20)their CD. After coming home and listening to this CD, I believe this isn't the group that performedon the cruise. The recording is far below the ability of what we saw and heard at that show.I'd request that Holland America stop this group from selling THIS CD on their ships. It does notrepresent this groups cruise performance.The group was totally, a 'top notch' group of entertainers.
We love this band and wanted a CD.  Didn't realize until too late that it was for MP3 that I don't have.  Do actually haven't even got to listen to it.
Yeah, I should have played it before purchasing it.  But, it's all some type of midi music - not Yuzu.  What a complete waste.  These aren't even decent arrangements of their songs.  Terrible purchase.
It doesn't work in my massage office :-( where I purchased it for! Wont be buying CDs online again.Both of them dont work...they work in my car...but not where I need them
I downloaded this expecting to hear Ayumi's wonderful voice.  Instead all I got was her tunes, played in music box sounding twangs.
What i expecting from amazon.com and this CD was not so good!I was ripped off!! I thought it was going to be the real actual CD, not repeated song.So that means amazon copied it from somewhere, i know that somewhere theirs an original, just dont know where thats why i turned to amazon.Dont buy the CD unless you want to hear repeated songs, and also theirs missing songs:(.By the way this was a gift, you dont know how embarrassing it was being told that the CD has missing and repeated songs.GACHO DUDE!!
What more can I say? The original was a fabulous, Caribbean-drenched slice of new wave. This isn't it, and it's not even close enough to be acceptable. Keep searching.
This song hasn't been officially available since it was on a compilation of 1980s songs many years ago. I don't recall it ever being on any other album or compilation since that one went out of print. It's disappointing to hear that this MP3 release isn't the original version that was a hit back in the 1980s.
This album is way too much rock and disco to be called &#34;bossa.&#34; The singer/singers do NOT have mellow, sultry voices and sound like they're imitating the original singers note per note. The music is way too pumped up and is not relaxing either. Do NOT buy this album if you're looking for bossa style.
tHIS IS NOT THE REAL SOUNDTRACK FOR TTHE ACTUAL  MOVIE.  THE SONGS AND ARTISTS ARE NOT THE ORIGINAL SINGERS OF THE ACTUAL VINTAGE SONGS.
... full of pops and crackle and surface noise. Unless bringing back those fond memories of trashed vinyl is your thing, this is a joke. Too bad.. always liked this album, sounds just like my worn out copy actually!
The titles do not correspond to the recordings. It is terribly frustrating trying to find what you are looking for. I am looking for "Dime Ya Que Si," 1942-1949, sung by Juanita Reina. Where do I find it?
I second the previous reviewer who said the sound quality was poor. The songs, obviously wonderful material from the masterful Edith Piaf, sound like they were compressed through a toy cassette player--or perhaps mastered from bad sources. In any case, if you simply want to hear these songs, the price isn't bad at all ($5.99 for 50 songs) but their beauty needs to be heard through a better medium.
Really disappointed that I clicked through, downloaded & installed the Amazon mp3 installer as instructed & was then informed that the mp3 package isn't available to me because I live outside Australia. Miffed.
Do NOT buy this collection! I was excited to buy so many Piaf songs at such a low price, so I did. When I started listening, I thought there was a problem with the download- the quality was terrible. Like, distorted, super-low quality, unlistenable-bad. I already had some of the songs (from places like the "La Vie en Rose" soundtrack) and comparing them side-by-side with the same recordings on this collection only confirmed that something is terribly wrong with the sound quality. I'm not normally a sound-quality snob about music, but I have to warn you- buy a higher-quality collection of the wonderful Edith Piaf's songs somewhere else.
The songs are in the same key that Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass preformed them in, but the lead Trumpet - Herb Alperts part is Still In The Recording. The album IS NOT Karaoke and Amazon doesn't offer a way to omit Herb Alperts part from the track. The music is ok if you just want to listen to it, but the tracks Can Not be used to preform with!! I have No Idea why they call it a Karaoke Track?????
Cuando baje toda esta grabacion me dije &lt;&lt;Me alegro que estas canciones est&aacute;n en formato MP3, por fin!>> Sin embargo, la calidad del sonido esta horrible. Te recomiendo si piensas comprar esto, mejor compres el cassette de Los Acosta, suena mucho mejor que estos MP3s! Me recuerda a los cassettes pirateados de los a&ntilde;os 90. Estoy decepcionado con esto. He comprado algunas viejas canciones en espa&ntilde;ol antes, por medio de Amazon, y no han sonado tan horrible como esta grabaci&oacute;n. Espero que Amazon pueda solucionar este problema. Si no fuera por la calidad del sonido le dar&iacute;a un 5 (Porque realmente me encanta esta grabaci&oacute;n de Los Acosta. L&aacute;stima que el sonido en este mp3 esta horrible)! No gasten su dinero en esto, hasta que suban estas grabaciones por MP3 en MEJOR CALIDAD! ///I Said to my self, when I downloaded this album "Glad these songs are in Mp3 Format, FINALLY!" However the recording sound quality is horrible. Sounds like those pirated cassettes that you would buy from a flea market in the 90's. I am disappointed with this. I have bought some old songs in Spanish before, and they have not sounded as horrible as this. I hope Amazon can fix this issue. If it were not for the sound quality I would rate it a 5 (I really liked this recordings of Los Acosta, it is a bummer that the sound quality sounds worse than something ripped from youtube)!  DO NOT BUY THIS, until this recordings are re-uploaded and are in better MP3 quality!
This has really poor sound quality. You can hear the static in the background. do not buy. I love his music, but sound quality means alot to me.
These are just covers of the originals.  This is NOT a slowed down relaxing and mellow album and there's not an iota of bossa style on it.  Missing are the sexy, sultry voices, mellow percussion and acoustic guitars.  I wouldn't invest one penny or one minute on this stinker.
I read about this CD on JaxxWax.com. Sounded interesting. But when I got to Amazon.com - as usual when there are no other buyer reviews to fill in the blanks - there was no information identifying who the musicians are. Jazz people want to know this information because jazz is team sport. Even the works of the greatest "Names" in jazz were supported (with the exception of a few solo albums) by a team of sidemen. Often these musicians are well known to jazz fans. WE WANT TO KNOW WHO ALL IS PLAYING ON EVERY DISC BESIDES JUST "THE STAR". Accordingly, I'm going to pass on buying this recording for now.
I was curious to hear his voice, I had heard people italk about it. I hated it, too scrichi, maybe it had to do with the recording. I hated it so mucho I deleted it altogether.
this CD wouldnt play so I got a replacement and it didnt play either.  I know it wasnt my cd player because I got another cd at the same time that played just fine.
everybody knows that jose guadalupe guevara was the best singer and now he has his own grup BXSand grupo bryndis will go down witout jose guadalupe guevara,but good luck grupo bryndis i will miss your old cds and good luck jose guadalupe and BXS the best
This album is all synthesizer and canned drums and loops. It does not sound very Celtic and is uninspired. The music doesn't ebb and flow at all and is stale. There's very little emotion to it and no heart behind it.  I would recommend you look elsewhere for a good Celtic Christmas album.
It seems that Amazon has fell into the "Hey you must use our proprietary BS software to download your stuff" like everyone else has done. How annoying to have to install special proprietary software to further bloat your computer, just to download a purchase. Guess they cant figure out the whole new zip file thing.
Ya know what, amazon? I have learned to appreciate the feature of being able to listen to a sample of the music before buying it!!!
Very boring and hardly catches the natural passion and fervor that is indicative to Latin music. Save your money in your pocket.
This album is way too much rock and disco to be called &#34;bossa.&#34;  The singer/singers do NOT have mellow, sultry voices and sound like they're imitating the original singers note per note.  The music is way too pumped up and is not relaxing either.  Do NOT buy this album if you're looking for bossa style.
The music is good!  But with the variations in production quality between tracks I can only assume that some of this music was sourced directly from a movie playing on a 13 inch black and white tv and recorded with a cassette tape recorder using the built in microphone.
The songs in this album are the best. Channulal Mishra has given a new face to traditional folk music sung in Bhojpuri and other regional dialects by singing it in various Ragas and giving the songs a Hindustani classical color.The reason I have given a 1 star to the album is that at least 3-4 songs are incomplete. This is the least expected from amazon. If it is corrected, this album is easily a 5-star.
Take the classic 25 or 6 to 4 add some Latin rhythms and murder a classic rock song, ole Terry Kath must be wondering what happened to his guitar solo! It's hard to choose which is worse this or Nashville record where their songs were given a country twang. What next a reggae mix? They can't need the cash.  Who in the band approved this rubbish?The dilution of their back catalogue is a travesty.
I down loaded "Que me importa que te llore" and close to the end the songs starts to jump and the music gets cut. I downloaded it another time thinking it was a problem during the process but the same problem remains.
Horrible sound quality--his voice sounds like it were recorded while a coffee cup hung on the microphone.  I had to get a refund.
Not the quality I was looking for.  It sounded like elevator music to me.  Also, I would like a true sound, not artifical sounding
100 good songs, 100 songs with quality so bad you can't stand it. they sound all echoey or tinny or something. i can't quite put my finger on what's wrong, i mean i have noticed many of them are the original studio recordings but something clearly happened to the quality before they got to this album. this would be great quality for a ringtone. but beyond that it has no use. and since i don't have a cellphone, i'll probably just delete these songs. i wish i hadn't wasted my time ( about 2 hours on my connection ) and my money, albeit, a small amount, on this substandard music. i also noticed that all the other 3.39 albums seem to be the same quality as this.
This is suppose to be a song by Bob Marley but it is not , I don't know what song it is but I was not happy with that download, I guess I did not read the info carefully , it was a tribute to Bob Marley not the actual song.
The song plays cutting out 3 times a second !  I thought that was only a problem with the sample files. I wasted money on this purchase and expect a refund !
Mal porducido, mal escrito, pero sobre todo mal cantado. El mismo estilo de pop barato que intenta pasar por pop de calidad, la voz es demasiado aguda y a la tercera canci&oacute;n cansa. Un disco plano, sin concepto, sin sonidos novedosos... Un desperdicio de dinero
She has potential but these songs are just too dull. There is nothing interesting about it. It's pretty much garbage.
Package presented was supposed to be "A Flor de Piel" but product was "20 Boleros de Siempre".  Very disappointed with this purchase.  Cannot comment on desired product as it did not arrive in its packaging.
Horrible singing voice, Even more terrible lyrics, and pedestrian, cooke cutter beats and song arrangement. This buffoon is the type of polished turd musical acts that get excessive airplay on South Florida's wretched FM radio stations. Really?? Love how radio stations that play this crap say on their announcement that they're "playing South Florida's Best Music". If you believe that, go to a neurosurgeon and have your brain checked because i think what you have in there is actually a piece of shite instead of brains!
Who choose this CD to be part of the Prime collection?It is Not Vallenato, it is terrible.Don't put just anything to satisfy the Latin Prime members. It is better to have less but please do not put junk.
Six (6) of the ten (10) tracks fromThe Art of the Guitar.  Since (as I write) you can get the whole thing (in its retitled avatarClassical Guitar) for less than this album costs, it's hard to see why anyone bothered.The music is if course excellent.  The one star is for value.
Not what i expected at all. it was not my top ten dancehall or reggae songs one bit. happy it was not expensive.
The title is a misnomer.  100 in spanish is the same as 100 in english.  It is like a Karaoke version of all the songs,  Not worth the $9.00.
The only thing I was impressed with is the CD cover. At first I wasn't sure if this CD was a joke or not and I realize not all music is for all people. But at times this sounds to me like a jam session. This is definitly out there. I will try never to by a CD solely based upon (2) reviews no matter how good they are. Now I will try to see if I can get my money back.
Right off the bat, you have to ask yourself "Why would a company use a photo of someone OTHER than Sophie Tucker, on a album of Sophie Tucker songs?!?"  I love Sophie Tucker - and have all these recordings already - but I would definitely question buying this CD, based on the cover alone...  There are GREAT Sophie photos floating around - ones that have never appeared on CD covers - so why do this?  Makes no sense.
The album by Tony Mottola, is among my favorite, of all time.  I was thrilled to discover it here on Amazon for download, but horribly disappointed when I listened to it. Anyone who ever owned the vinyl, will remember how wonderful this recording was.  The mix, here, is missing what seems like an entire channel.  Instruments are absent from the mix!  Amazon should remove this from their download selection.  This is not what was recorded and released as " A Latin Love-In".  Frankly, I'd like my money refunded. So disappointing!
It is too bad we don't get to play a little bit of the song before we download it to our device.  If we had, I would NOT have downloaded this version of the song I wanted.  It was definitely not what I had hoped for.
didn't received this to rate so I wont b rating this,amazon has to call me on this for me to rate
I am a stone Billy May fan.  But this is something he churned out in his old age, probably in lieu of a pension.  It's just awful in every way.  Remember him as he was, which is a lot to recall.
Recordings from the beginning of the 20th century (Hofmann, etc) are captured better than this. Save your money. I hope he gets a proper recording of this piece.
This audio book is read by a computer.  The voice lacks proper pauses and inflection for an enjoyable listen.Within the first chapter, the computer literally reads "semi-colon."I emailed Amazon days later, and got my money back.
I hated how they made this audio book. It sounded lke a computer was talking. Everytime an ! came up it would say ! or every time the book had a ? it would say the word question mark after the sentence. I hated it and feel like I lost out on my money.
I am a Tango aficionado, and was looking forward to anything by Elvino Vardaro, an outstanding player in every respect. Alas, it was not meant to be, the quality of this record is simply terrible. I am used to 78rpm transfers with noise, clicks and pops and what-have-you... but this is simply ridiculous, it gives a bad name to the Amazon Store. Grrrr.
This album is incorrectly matched to the wrong artist. This is not BIS, this is Brand New idol Society from Japan.
I don't like this because when I downloaded the music it only downloaded 6 songs  and it was suppose to be about 18 songs.  This is a rip off!  $8.99 should be credit back in my account.  Don't trust this seller.
I wanted the songs I hear in my Zumba class. Thought this and the Zumba Fitness Vol 1+2 would do well. However, these are not the originals and beyond that the sound quality is crap. I suggest you find the original versions of the songs and buy them one buy one.
This album is a mess. After track 20 all is chaos, lol. The tracks are either 1) mislabeled repeats of the previous songs or 2) new songs or tunes, but titled, seemingly, at random (quality control? what's that? :)  Too bad, for there are many worthwhile songs and tunes in this collection. For me, as a lifelong lover of the music, it is worth the time it will take to sort them but I cannot recommend it to others.
I have bought a lot of songs from amazon and never had a problem but the recording quality of this song is horrible. I am sure its not the problem from amazon but the production quality itself might have been the issue.
We were having a Hawaiian themed wedding shower and everyone hated the music. Yes, it was really that bad. The covers were terrible, as some of it was just loud and obnoxious. Most of the songs sounded nothing like what you would hear at a true Luau and we were sorely disappointed all-around. One of the worst purchases I have ever made.
Mistake I did not want to buy this album.  I only wanted to see the songs . This mistake  will not happen again it was all my fault.
Unlike her &#34;Just Ballade&#34; album, which I rated 5 stars, this one is just very disappointing. Don't buy, as digital music has no returns as I learned.
This is the worst cd I have heard.  It is a disgrace it has the Black Uhuru name.  It couldn't be further from them.
This album, for whatever reason does not have the songs in their entirety.  The songs are great, their just not the complete songs.  Buyer beware.
I am a BIG John Schneider fan and in many ways Iwas very disappointed in this pick.  It sounds nothingat all Like John Schneider.  I wish he'd make more music and be offered all the time.  I like the olderJohn Schneider music.
I don't want it. and don't know if I can cancel it. I didn't know it went through my kindle.
I gave this 1 STAR!! IT DOESNT even deserves that !!!. I ordered An Original Copy and recieved a Pirated Cd. I paid an ORIGINAL $12.00 for an original cd and got a cheap PIRATED CD. NOT HAPPY!! WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE! THIS IS ILLEGAL!!!!!
We have to be careful how we use our touch screens. I don't even know this band and accidentally pressed buy, well well they took my money. What a waste.
The world is running out of OGs  :(I guess if you are in to reggae then you might like this.I am not into reggae.
its not one i thought it was ,this just instruments no singing or anythingto bland for me i love singing kind i should test before i bought i really thought it one i wanted
I would give it zero stars if I could. It is a rip off and even though cheap, it's not cheap enough. Free wouldn't be cheap enough. It is bad recordings of jams from the sixties. The music is good, if you could hear it. This is horrible, save your $3.99. Once again this is a 100% rip off, don't do it. Thanks for nothing Amazon.
Realmente decepcionado de ver que con esa voz, sigue pasada de moda en sus producciones y arreglos, FATAL ! esperaba mas de ella. Esperaremos hasta el prximo single.
I didn't realize until after it was downloaded that I downloaded the song - condom star, instead of gungnam style from PSY..
did not like this one, did not understand what he was singing about, it look like he was trying to copy someone else.
Music: Shadaab-Abhik, Siddhant MadhavAn average album for a cop/gangster film. Alas, there are no more cool gangsta songs from such movie albums coming out, but just terrible ripoffs and terrible item number wannabes.
So this is the second time I've ordered a CD from amazon and both times its been a Burnt CD!! Not the real one!! BULL!! FOr 22.95 u think ur getting the real deal shoulda been 5 $ ! UGH will not be ordering CDs from amazon again!!!!
This is review of the movie Heroine. Started by a woman thrown off a car, walked into the police department smoking and crying. Kept the smoking, sex, and liquor in every shot. Abandoned all Indian values, obsessed by blue eyes, white skin, Western promiscuity, divorce, swearing, .. A true embarrassment to Indian moviemaking, people, and culture.I left the movie after brutal 45 minutes confusing scenarios, empty people engaging in empty talks.Mohamed F. El-Hewie
This is a rip-off. Stay away.  Do not buy. Buy the real set from Excavated Shellac. Again, don't buy this set.
Illegal bootlegs of music made by others, produced and recorded by others.Don't pay this guy! He didn't do any of the work!
Many dedicated record collectors labour for years to source original shellac discs, they research and remaster to make them available to others, then other labels come along and rip off their transfers and offer them for download, like this set. Avoid, Amazon. shame on you for selling this item.
This product is a bootlegged version of Dust-to-Digital's OPIKA PENDE. Dust-to-Digital spent several years creating the amazing Opika Pende and it's disgusting to see that someone has simply taken the tracks and re-formatted them as their own release. Please do not purchase this product. It will hopefully be removed.
WARNING!This entire collection is bootlegged from the official, licensed box set OPIKA PENDE from Dust-to-Digital, available here:http://smile.amazon.com/Opika-Pende-Africa-78-Rpm/dp/B005GYSUUC/This set is NOT authorized and no royalties from these sales go to the copyright holders.Don't support fraudulent record labels!
Don't buy from sleazy bootleggers when the magnificent collection these were stolen from is readily available!WARNING!This entire collection is bootlegged from the official, licensed box set OPIKA PENDE from Dust-to-Digital, available here:http://smile.amazon.com/Opika-Pende-Africa-78-Rpm/dp/B005GYSUUC/This set is NOT authorized and no royalties from these sales go to the copyright holders.Don't support fraudulent record labels!
Please don't buy this set, which is a direct rip-off of 1/2 of the Dust-to-Digital release "Opika Pende." For that release, a lot of expense was made to purchase the rare 78s, transfer and master them. Plus there is a 122-page book (not a booklet -- a real book) that comes with their release. They had a lawyer track down original rights holders and artists (as well as their families) over a period of 18 months. This release just completely rips off their hard work and ethics.To get the real thing please check out this amazing box set right here:Opika Pende: Africa at 78 RPM
This is apparently a bootleg, taking the transfers from rare 78s and hard work done by the folks at Dust To Digital. Apparently all of this is swiped from Opika Pende. That is an amazing compilation and you should purchase it for the fabulous music, transfers and documentation.
I am not sure why this had 5 stars I hated it and so did my students.. it was very unpleasant to listen to.. I deleted and guess throw my $$ away!
For someone who genuinely like the pipes, this album was torture. They would go and ruin everything with synthesizers and effects. Quite horrid.
This song is too much of a drag & snooze for my taste.  I am a Thalia fan and because of it I've tried forcing myself to like it or at very best stand it, but no sucess. I am totally disappointed in this 1st single of her upcoming albumn HABITAME SIEMPRE due to drop on Nov.19th. If this is the 1st single I don't even want to imagine how the rest of the albumn is going to be.Esta cancion es super lenta e aburrida para mi gusto.  Soy fan de Thalia y es por esta razon que e intentando ver la manera de que la cancion me agrade pero no he tenido exito.  Estoy totalmente desepcionado por este el primer sencillo de el nuevo CD HABITAME SIEMPRE que esta progamado para salir a la venta el proximo 19 de Noviembre.  Si este fue el primer sencillo, no quiero ni imaginar como sera el resto de el album.
I heard this wonderful cd on youtube.  So I went to buy it at amazon.  However, when I received it , it was a music only cd, NO WORDS.  Be careful when you buy it, because the words to this cd are the nicest part of the cd. I mean that's what hearing christian music is all about, meditating on the words.
Item description does not say that it is a playback. I wanted to buy the cd with full songsand received the playback cd.
I do not know whose fault it is, Amazon or the supplier, but the product description fails to notify that this CD is music/track only. No singing. The CD booklet has not copyright information or any other detail that you usually see in other music CDs. It looks as if this is an illegal copy.Change the description with more detailed information.Beware before you buy it
I love this album, but I have had trouble getting it to download. I know my internet is slow and that is part of the problem. When I am at a place  that has very good internet connection it is still difficult to download. I hope I can get it to fully download soon.
I'm a big fan of Meiway and I had great hope for this album but this was very disappointingI should have listen to the songs first
3 songs in this album does not contain the full material for the songs. I bought the mp3 and did not realise that much of the songs were missing over 3 minutes of each songs. The songs are:Come by you 26 seconds. # 11 Kick in she back door 25 seconds #12 Cycling 40 seconds. This is shameful and should be recitified because these songs are over 3 mins long.
Incomplete album. Some songs are just a few seconds. Should have been warned. It is displayed like you are buying a complete album.
Glad it was a free download, because this was all quickly deleted from my christmas song rotation. More appropriate for elevators than actual listening.
what part of 3 songs constitutes an album -free on not.  please be honest with your customers we are not idiots, well some are
i dont know why this is on my account. i never ordered this. this is a mistake. im sure its nice but i dont know
Had I know that someone someone would be making comments at the beginning of each song I would NOT have bought this particular album. I love Chalino and all the songs in this album, but the comments kill it,
Glad it was free. Not sure what it was suppose to be. A song or what ? Anyway always looking for more free mp3s that are good. This was not it.
I understand that everything evolves and changes but what about all these once great artist releasing watered out pop albums? That wont save the genre from the slump it's currently in. Not a song on this album i liked.
There was either a major league glitch when these tunes were originally uploaded to Amazon's servers or this is somebody's idea of a weird joke, and they are trolling for bad reviews. If so, your wish has been granted.A couple of the samples sounded a bit dubious, but overall this work sounded promising.Upon downloading this "album" I found NOTHING, not a single track, worth keeping.The first track "Lost In Love" sound like a fragment of a demo.Track 17 "Epiphany" stops midway, there's a silent gap, then it restarts!The rest of the tracks are decently recorded but they stop abuptly after about the 1 minute mark (I should have gotten a clue when looking at the track times).***Addendum 2/14/14 After I contacted Amazon, they immediately issued me a refund (thanks, Amazon), but just in case this item remains on their servers, do not buy it!
I'm generally one who likes the reggae/ska genres and that's when I started to listen to codi Jordan but through their last three Cd's it has gone from reggae/ska/alternative to rock/reggae/ alternative to rock/reggae/ country this album sounds terrible and very repetitive! I am quite disappointed
Music: Amjad-Nadeem, Bappa LahiriOwing to the backdrop of the movie or just due to a rowdy turbocharge the music directors had, the overall album has got an uncouth and cacophonous appeal to it. Even the predictably dhinchak song Baap Ka Maal from Mamta Sharma could not salvage this album. Yeh Hai Zila Ghaziabad sounds almost like a rip-off of Hud Hud Dabangg from Dabangg.Brownie points:Ranjha Jogi - For those who can never get enough of Sonu Nigam's and Shreya Ghoshal's melodious voice, this qawwali-like romantic track is for them.Tu Hai Rab Mera - ...and for the Mohit Chauhan fanatics, there is this one. CAUTION: Tulsi Kumar almost ruins this song with her shrill voice. She is not a bad singer, but is not good at least in this one. Yet another hopelessly romantic track.
Music: Amjad Nadeem, Vivek KarAverage and boring, with some Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Rekha Bharadwaj attempting to salvage the album in vain.
Wish I could give a review. The download failed twice. Sorry Amazon but your download feature doesn't work properly.  I spent an hour trying to access the music.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsOpening Third Eyeand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
Music: Sajid-Wajid, Sundar C BabuWith a fair amount of energy and some devotion(!), the album is just about average. Nothing to remember in this one, except Sajid-Wajid come up with another Govinda Aala Re song in a 2 month span, which is fun, but you really have to be missing Gokulashtami already. Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is very repetitive and consistently good in qawwali at the same time in Dil Ko Aaya Sukoon.
This album is nothing short of a rip off.I have every one of this bands albums including this one (unfortunately).  And to sum it up this is an album from a band who is a sinking ship, and this album is simply an attempt to bail out water.1st off it's mostly re-makes of songs they've already put out (none of which are better than the originals).2nd, the couple originals on it or terrible and not a shred of what made this band great.3rd, The entire album sounds like it was digitally produced! It doesn't sound like a single instrument was actually played for this album (outside the guitar).  Even the vocals are completly digitized.To sum it up, this album could be 1 of 2 things.....A stop gap before releasing an album they're really working hard on, or this CD could be their last.
Really?  Did I get &#34;punkt&#34; because I was stupid enough to buy this album?  This album's attempt at sounding eclectic/techno comes off as schizophrenic.  Its &#34;kitch-is-cool&#34; sound is so pretentious and does not do justice to Mr. Lapointe, who's shown himself on past albums to be such a great musician.  The first song, N2o  (yes, that's a title and it's French for &#34;crap&#34;) sounds like a soundtrack for a Sesame Street clip featuring the letter S for sucks.  Later on the playlist, I got a little excited to see &#34;Barbara&#34; thinking of Jacques Prevert...no such luck.  It's a bunch of crazy talk/song/sound and a car that won't start.  Not kidding... evidement une voiture qui a tombe en pain passe pour un instrument dans cette chanson because it's so crappy any sound will do.  Don't get me wrong, I appreciate a musician's use of assonance to create an effect, as long as up-chunk is not the effect.You get it right? I hate this album.
This is not the Jossie Esteban we all remember anymore. He is singing Christian music and most of the songs on this album are ballads. He does not have the voice to sing slow music. He does include a few merengue songs on this album but they don't have the spice and the characteristics of Jossie Esteban. I'm all for people pursuing religion and their beliefs but that doesn't mean you have to change the music that has made you a legend.
Very upset at Amazon for not having good collection of Hindi songs. This album I bought does not have all the songs of the movie!! It missed my favorite song in the movie!There are a Billion people out there that tune in to Bollywood music.I expect Amazon to up their ante in making Bollywood music and movies available as soon as possible.I am eager to PAY amazon for good Bollywood content. I already buy lots of shows from Amazon Digital. But very upset it does not cover Bollywood well.Aren't most people (programmers) who work for Amazon Indian anyways.. Can't see why the heck this gap.
Virtually all of these salsa songs consist of very elementary rhythm sounds.  There is not any coherent melody or sophisticated tune.  They almost all sound as if made by some inexpensive electronic instrument.  They are all instrumental..... No vocalists singing at all.
This is not typical Marc Anthony. This is more like Ricky Martin singing Salsa. To say I dislike this song is the understatement of the year. There is no depth to this song. It has a catchy chorus if you can call it that. I expected a lot more after not releasing an album in 9 years.
Awesome album, but the quality of the MP3s are awful. Each of the 19 songs are full of static, a complete waste of $9.
Great selection of songs, but audio quality is extremely poor.  I do not recommend this title. This would have been a great album.
Big disappointment. The song I wanted and purchased turned out to be another song. The title displayed was incorrect. Unfortunately I paid for an incorrect listing.
La cancion no es de Chente es del hijo, no es de la novela &#34;Que Bonito Amor&#34;. Song is by Vicente Fernadez Jr. not Chente.
Song is NOT the song that we all expect. I think the title has been mixed up somewhere along the way.
Although never a big fan of her's, there were some albums that weren't too bad. This album was awful. There was not a single track on here that was a pleasure to listen to.
Saor Patrol is one of my favorite bands. This album has none of the things I like about Saor Patrol. It sounds thrown together. Often excruciating. Some people have done a lot of interesting things mixing punk sensibilities with other kinds of music, including Celtic music. This is not one of them. I hate to say it. Sorry, guys.
the song did not download to my mp3 player and I can't seems to be able to find it the instructions are not clear for me and there is not live help
I was listening to Forest Hymm on my Pandora station and I wanted to buy the song. The album wasn't available on iTunes so I clicked the link to purchase the album on amazon. On Pandora, this album says it has the song Forest Hymn at number 14, but when I purchased this album through amazon, there were only 13 songs and Forest Hymn wasn't on the album. I spent $13 and Im really disappointed I didn't get what I thought I was purchasing. Please cross reference pandora to make sure what is listed on the pandora album is actually on the amazon album. I would like a refund.
I love Sarah's Great Pyramid and Lullaby albums. But this is my least favorite. Many tracks did not have her vocal, the verbal talking was distracting, and some tracks had weird noises and nothing more!
Not impressed, he has done better. I am a huge fan of Werrason but I hope this doesn't reflect his upcoming album otherwise he needs to go back to the lab and put in more work. Waste of my money for this album
Great song, but the sound quality when downloaded from Amazon is worse than terrible, I want my money back.It sounds like the bitrate is 32 kbs at most. It sounds tinny and raspy.
Every song has the same sample. Some crappy vocal that keeps playing.Terrible mix. There are much better options out there.
from previous legal releases by Franck Pourcelthe sound of this compilation is horrible. The ORIGINAL serie by Franck Pourcel is the genuine and remastered serie that is approved by Franck Pourcel
I had this cd sent to me on two occasions. The first one I ordered everything seemed normal until I actually tried to listen to it and every single song played funny; skipping through out each song. So I called amazon and went about ordering another copy and I had the same issue. That's a real Bummer because I am a huge fan of tanya Stephens and was really looking forward to this cd.
This is a re-release of an old album, and it is just plain horrible.  I like Marc Kudisch, Jeff McCarthy, Rob Evans and Christiane Noll, but their voices cannot save this hopelessly trite music.
Bought thinking that many would be great but was proven wrong. Although it's a subjective opinion, I didn't like most, only few. Some aren't real bachata songs; take 'quedate conmigo' and 'robarte un beso'  ...oh well.
This is being misslabeled everywhere as being the same band as the Punk band The Offspring. However this is some horrible religious music.Do not be mistaken!
This reminds me of all those songs that I hate. Not only is it not a good song it is an over produced turd...I saw Vicci open for BB King and she was amazing, I could only imagine how embarrassing it would be today if she open for him today playing this garbage....
Such a far cry from her original style.  Too Bad she made such a change from her original style.  I don't need another pop dance song.
I don't know why these guys get so much airtime on the radio....  Their music is overrated and sounds so terrible.
Sucks it's not the music that I like all of his tunes sound the same to me is no different from the others records.
Can't believe Javed would sing these horribly written songs for his Album.Also, sounded like sleep-walking through the songs - did someone put a gun to his head to sing these songs?
This guy got too high and just say bad worlds and call it music. no good voice no good music. absolutely no art.