(2.5stars)With the virtual logjam of solid (but largely unspectacular) roots artists fighting to distinguish themselves from the rest, its quite easy for some artists to get completely lost in the shuffle. At the top of the genre, artists who are actually reigning in the game get free space to pretty much do (or ATTEMPT to do) whatever they wish, voicing with the finest in production talent and performing at the biggest stage shows and festivals in Jamaica and all over the world and releasing albums very frequently. Even the artists who are one level just below the ruling artists are afforded the same prospects, which is why roots reggae artists are amongst the most active in the entire musical world. At the top, we have artists such as the Buju Banton's, Sizzla's, Capleton's, Luciano's Richie Spice's and Anthony B's of the world (speaking strictly modern artists of course) who more or less have the lay of the land virtually having the key to reggae city. The next group of artists, the I-Wayne's, Turbulence's (although in PURE popularity, he probably actually belongs on the first list), Jah Cure (him too), Junior Kelly's, Jah Mason's. Bushman's, Lutan Fyah's, Warrior King's, Chuck Fenda's, Fantan Mojah's and others of the world also hold similar such roles in the game with SLIGHTLY less international popularity. All of those artists, through some way or another have found ways to distinguish themselves from the pack and have scored hits, and subsequent hits which have allowed them a greater bit of exposure, in and out of Jamaica, pushing their careers and messages to the next level. It is that next (overpopulated) group of artists who are in question in here directly. This group includes a virtual revolving door of artists who are either coming up or have seemingly reached a plateau and leveled off for one reason or another. These artists can, at times, also be a source of frustration for some fans (ESPECIALLY yours truly) because this group includes and has included, over the years, some SERIOUSLY talented artists who  don't seem to have the drive to push themselves to the next step. Think of artists such as Determine, Norris Man (who had seemingly took the next step with his big hit Home and Away, only to step back down over the past two years), Jah Mali, Mark Wonder and Abijah. You have SO MANY names, who by virtue of having one solid hit or an album, jump into this category, making it even more crowded and more difficult for these artists to take the next step and MAINTAIN the level of quality music and popularity as well.One such artist who seems mired and stuck on that specific level is Kingston native, roots chanter Spectacular. Spectacular falls into a category with Jah Mali, Steve Machete and long gone Xterminator chanter (Roaring) Lion as artists who are genuinely SUPREMELY talented but for some reason can't seem to catch on and STAY on to a track leading to the big big songs of which they are clearly capable (although I must confess that Steve Machete, ever so quietly, is one of my absolute favourite artists). While in the case of the others, it may simply come down to a case of not recording enough or not having the proper promotion, I have no idea why Spectacular has failed to catch on and stay there. His talent is one, which is so subtle and so. . . Spectacular, that it really takes awhile to discover, but without a doubt, he maybe currently the only one with such a skill currently recording reggae music. Traditionally, artists with big, heavy and coarse voices have to almost forego having good melodies in their music in reggae. For example, the best cases would definitely be Capleton and Buju, both of whom are able to make melodic music, but in order to do so literally have to CHANGE their voice. Another example would be the free-flowing Jah Mason whose styles tend to go from night to day and back in the course of one four and half minute song. Spectacular? Nope. Spectacular is an artist who can actually make a full melodic record despite having abig bellowing voice. If you've never heard Spectacular (more on that in a minute), think of a lower pitched version of agitated St. Ann's (BIGGUP St. Annz!) chanter Perfect (himself, also falling into the case of having the big, melodically challenged voice, although he is one that hardly EVER attempts to change it). I first became aware of Spectacular around the same time I first became aware of Martian voiced Mobay singer, Jah Cure, as the two collaborated in the MAMMOTH combination tune Chant. Having initially heard that song on Jah Cure's Free Jah's Cure album, I was actually quite curious for a release for Spectacular, who promptly took a LONG leave of absence from reggae, only to return and, like many of his peers, almost immediately head for Europe. It would be in Europe that he would strike on with audiences and more pressingly, with producers and labels as well, which would go on to afford him his debut album in 2005 (curiously enough, for the same label, DHF in Germany, which would almost a year to the day later, release Perfect's debut, Giddimani, as well) Find Yourself. While Perfect's much anticipated debut definitely did what it was supposed to and lived up to expectations, the same cannot be said for Find Yourself, which is actually may be one of the albums which I had been most looking forward to in the last decade or so. Find Yourself introduces the international world (and reintroduces him to Jamaica), but doesn't come close at all to showing the chanter in his best light. Ultimately, one is left with the feeling that something was just missing here.Unlike Giddimani, which was built largely on previous singles voiced for a variety of top reggae production talents internationally, Find Yourself is a largely German based reggae album, done by German based producers, yet it sounds quite familiar as many of the riddims are reworks and borrowings of more familiar pieces. Of the very few highlights on Find Yourself for the young veteran Spectacular (who just recently celebrated his 32nd earth day, happy belated to him), no light shines brighter than that of the opener, the ultra unique 50 Push Ups. If you are AT ALL a fan of reggae music undoubtedly you've heard songs speaking of the physically strong nature of an artist and almost ALWAYS such a song will turn inevitably to a sexual vibes. 50 Push Ups is a tune which doesn't go that way at all, instead, it speaks ONLY from a physically healthy point. Its very interestingly and quite possibly the first roots tune I've ever heard that not only speaks about being HEALTHY, but explicitly goes the extra distance in saying that one must be PHYSICALLY strong in standing up against oppression and those who fight against righteousness. Built over a fairly uneventful one drop (which has a heavy string backing at times), it still has a pretty melodically high vibes, showing exactly what I meant when I said that Spectacular essentially foregoes  changing his vibes in anyway and still creates melodies despite his heavy voice and 50 Push Ups, as the albums best tunes, is a strong example of this. If only the entire album could stay along the same level. Following the opener is the very familiar sounding decent Voice of the People, which flows over Germaican remake of Sly and Robbie's legendary Night Nurse riddim (which in its redone form was known as the Doctor's Darling riddim, and most notably featured Tanya Stephens` big hit It`s a Pity).Voice of the People is a strong enough effort and a very unsurprising include on Find Yourself and on although it has a very low vibes to it (due largely to the fact that Spectacular's voice is just too big for the very laid back riddim, it almost sounds like he's holding back at times, and completely free-styling at others) lyrically is quite an impressive piece. The song has a message of people and particularly those who are oppressed standing up in defiance of their oppressors, to the utter dismay and ultimate destruction of the oppressors. Then things head downhill and only REALLY make one turn back towards the good for the balance of the thirteen remaining tracks. Completing the opener is the downright odd tune Loud which features German dancehall singer (Mighty) Tolga. While I definitely have a healthy appreciation for both Spectacular and Tolga as solo artists (Tolga is a big singer, several nice its behind with a nice album as well), the combination just doesn't work. For his part, Tolga gives what he usually does, a higher pitched free-flowing style; but Spectacular, instead of his usual LOUDness goes quite all of a sudden (isn't that a coincidence, on the song named Loud he uses his  quietest voice on the album), with this just annoying growling style! And it all happens on an odd UK dancehall/garage hurried sounding riddim.The one real other time you get a big vibe from Find Yourself which is better than just average or even good is another combination on the album, the very nice Blind to See. The song features the unusual natural voiced Gambian reggae singer Rebellion the Recaller. The vibe here is a much more natural one which works for both artists and while Spectacular doesn't run his voice to its heights, he doesn't change it much either (its basically a more singing version of his usual chanting sound) and of course, in the process creates a lovely melody throughout. Rebellion adds a very unique dimension to the song as well. The title track is another nice addition here which features full blown Spectacular in his usual fashion, but does so on one of the most simple one drops on the entire album (the Bonx It riddim). It also has a very nice message in that it suggests that the only REAL way to Find Yourself is to Find His Imperial Majesty (definitely) and should you fail to do so, you may Find Yourself in situations with which you aren't exactly prepared to deal. Stormy Weather is a similarly vibed track but it is almost COMPLETELY average and greatly UN-spectacular over the weird one-drop Black Survivors riddim (which sounds like the reggae version of a theme music from some spy television show from the 1970's or something of the sorts). And then there's Evil Retire, another VERY SLIGHTLY above average tune which almost has a freestyle vibes to it in my opinion and really doesn't give too much outside of the norm (I do like the riddim which has just about as SUBTLE horn usage as I've ever heard).I do want to point out that, of course, lyrically Spectacular does his job. He never steps too far outside of the realm of roots reggae music and he pushes the ideology and concerns that we've come to expect from the genre and lifestyle. Its combining and translating those thoughts to music which is seemingly lost on the remaining tracks of Find Yourself. For prime example, check the unfortunately OVERLY familiar For So Long, which has the miserable `luck' of being voiced over the Campo riddim from Minor 7 Flat 5 records which I have LOOOOOOOONG tired of hearing completely. And the tune's message is very strong of maintaining oneself and one's mental strength in the face of those who fight against righteousness and even in keeping the knowledge that the song is over three years old (yet not part of the initial batch of Campo riddim recordings), I'm still unable to make it sound good in my ears, just AVERAGE. Speaking of average, check the closer, Gangsta with German Hip Hop group, The Specializtz. The song actually came as a welcome addition after going down the harsh mediocrity which IMMEDIATELY proceeds it (including two very similar sounding dancehall tracks, Family and Move), but doesn't exactly stand too wel on its own merits.Overall, just as I mentioned, I was quite looking forward to hearing this album for awhile and it certainly doesn't come anywhere near living up to what I had hoped. Since this album was released and on more current terms, Spectacular has seemingly returned to the form he once exhibited prior to Find Yourself. In 2007 he (coincidentally) recorded the very solid Wrong Uniform combination with Steve Machete over the Heavy Duty riddim, also High Grade, an even stronger combination with Lutan Fyah for Irie Ites' Stop Dat Trrain riddim and enjoyed a generally very fine form throughout the year (also check the very nice Good In Myself over the Ghana riddim as well) all of which top 90% of the Find Yourself album. His 2007 was following another strong year in 2006 which saw him doing very nice combinations, highlighted by his combination with Turbulence, High Grade (again) for Mafia & Fluxy's Rocking Time riddim; showing himself to be WELL above what he pushed on his debut album. I hesitate actually recommending the album for anyone in particular, but MAYBE just very new fans to roots reggae, particularly those coming from a background in Hip Hop, MIGHT be able to enjoy this one. Otherwise, join me in waiting for the next piece coming from Spectacular which certainly (even if its just a collection of former singles) be better and much more Spectacular than Find Yourself.
Given that this record purports to come from the Green Island, one should not be wholly surprised that nine of the tracks are not penny whistle at all, but Uileann pipes, nor that the CD I received had "Andean Flute" printed on it instead of "Ireland's Tin Whistle".All in all, the quality of the music is very uneven, and the whole thing a bit disappointing.
Listen to all the songs before buying  but the price was right. I love number  6 and #7 on this album
As an admirer of Bhimsen's music, I was disappointed. The bhajans are sung like &#34;khayals&#34;. When I contrast this to his abhangs--&#34;Abir gulal&#34; and &#34;Maajhe maher Pandaree&#34;, I come away with a feeling that Bhimsen's rendition of these beautiful, emotionally charged bhajans is lacking in passion. He sticks to a &#34;raagdaari&#34; style which is unsuitable for bhajans, Bhimsen's stylized singing is great for concerts but when you are singing about longing to hear &#34;Shyam's murali (flute)&#34; you expect voice inflections. I think Anup Jalota does more justice to the soul of a bhajan.Personally, I would skip this album
Yeah, I dearly love the song played during the fight scene of Stephen Chow's Kung Fu Hustle when the Ax Men show up at Pig Style Alley for the 1st time and the coolie, tailor, and noodle maker reveal themselves to be kung fu heroes. As I understand it, that song is called Fisherman's Song of the East China Sea, so when I looked for it here on Amazon and Song of Fisherman On The East Sea pulled up I thought they might be one and the same thing. They are not, and since it is not the Fisherman's Song of the East China Sea, I do not like it! I feel conned and quite miffed. I'd like to give it back to Amazon if I could and use the 99 to buy another song I really want. Yes, I am crying like a little baby: waaa-ha! Just thought I'd warn others who might be looking for the same tune from Kung Fu Hustle that this is so not it! To everybody else, well if you like it then buy it.
Although there is not much information about the product, reviews lead you to believe that it is the original movie soundtrack which includes some dialog from the movie. It claims to be exactly like the original vinyl record. Well... it is not. Reviews claiming that it is are false and miss guiding The sound quality also leaves much to desire.
This is a somewhat good performance by Banerjee that is marred by a Kelvinator advertisement at the end of track two. I'd guess that the ad is mostly in Bengali or Hindi but there is a British voice saying "Kelvinator: The Coolest One!". I suppose it's from a radio broadcast. Venus was so careless that they did not edit this out.Also you must know that the Shuddha Basant raga on this recording is NOT FINISHED; there is a drut gat that goes with it at the start of Vol. 2. Only if you buy Volume 2 do you get the full recording.My guess is that this was all a radio broadcast (the album says it is from a live concert in Calcutta) and they broke to throw in a Kelvinator ad before the drut gat. I don't know what the date of this concert is, but Banerjee died in 1986, so if you had bought a Kelvinator then, it would have worn out by now.I have a few other MP3s from Venus Records and Tapes and they are all presented in a shoddy way, even when there is nothing else wrong with them. Venus really does not care about this music and just wants to make a fast buck.I'd say this is for collectors only. I guess I am a Nikhil Banerjee collector now. What I recommend is that you buy every recording by Banerjee on Raga Records and leave this one alone.
I just finished listening to all the records in the Dub Me Crazy series and this has to be the worst one. All the songs sound flat and very upbeat and similar to one another, it simply did not sound good. I can tell that Neil Fraser did not spend that much time making this album good in comparison to the rest of the series. The best in the series probably are Part 2, 3, and 10. The rest are decent though too. Skip this one.
I'm glad to have this on CD. One of my favorites from back in the day. This version is lacking good sound.
Juluka's Scatterlings is one of my all-time favorite recordings, and I was really excited to find a recently remastered mp3 download version of it.  But I was incredibly disappointed after buying it, because the sound quality is abysmal.  This is really surprising because the re-released versions of Work For All and International Tracks sound amazing.  But this 2007 Rhythm Safari version of Scatterlings is a disaster.  No bottom end at all.  Don't make the mistake I did...don't buy it.
I thought these were actual mixes of songs, not just bits and pieces.Oh well, my bad. I guess I need to read the description more closely.
It was not what I expected the songs were to short,  the songs were not popping, it did not move me
I have the LP and it sounds amazing. The MP3 is a disgrace to the artist. Barely satisfying. No Magic, just sound.
I must respectfully disagree with all the rave reviews here. I can see the appeal, but as a fan of this style of music, I see Yelle as a by-the-numbers knock-off of all the electro artists who are doing this same thing, but better and with more flair. To anyone that enjoys Yelle's delivery and the lo-fi electro beats, I would recommend checking out something like Justice or Lady Sovereign or M.I.A.To be fair, "A cause des garcons" is a good song. But then again, the remixes substantially improve the original version. If this is your only electro CD, it's probably great to listen to. But, if you own a lot of music in this style, most of these tracks are just sort of bland and derivative. If you like this, you'll probably like the artist she copies even more.I'm probably asking for a lot of negative votes with this dissenting opinion, but I think my opinion is mostly informed by what I listen to. There is, of course, nothing wrong with enjoying this album because it does have a few nice moments, even if it's ultimately superficial. If you like Yelle, I would recommend checking out M.I.A., Simian Mobile Disco, Justice and others in that style. You'll like them even more. For those who haven't bought this yet, I can't recommend it. At best, I would recommend previewing the tracks and downloading only what is interesting (i.e. "A cause des garcons" and "je veux te voir").
My rating has nothing at all to do with the performer who sounds great to me, only with the goofy short length of the MP3 version of Pra Que Chorar.Hopefully the fault with the MP3 for Pra Que Chorar will be fixed but please beware that the purchased MP3 download is only 5 seconds long.I had assumed that the 5 seconds was only for the sample but that was not the case.I looked for other means to try to return this or contact Amazon about the concerns above and couldn't find a way since the order won't show up for returns although it does show up under my digital orders.
... of Freddy Quinn's Christmas albums; they were a must in my family when I was a little girl. Unfortunately, as an adult I find these arrangements from the 60s unbearable. It sounds as if the only instrument used here was a synthesizer. - Terrible!
The title of the song and the song itself are different.Please listen to the song before buying an mp3
While the cover photo, the title and description come across "Irish", the music really misses the mark. These are Irish songs, performed by an American and the target audience is children aged 3 to 5 years old. There's no Irish lilt, no warmth from the music-profoundly disappointing.
I bought album for some old favorites I remember. The playlist lists the correct song title but the song that plays is different. Most songs are probably correct but four of my traditional favorites (When Irish Eyes are Smiling, Who put the Overalls....,MacNamara's Band, etc) were not really what played. Very strange but a waste of money.
These may be songs you are familiar with, but they are not sung the same way. Preview before you buy.
The title on the album cover (not given in the digital tracks, which tend to have the wrong performer names) is misleading: these performers do not actually play together. Bismillah Khan does not play with Dr. N. Ragam -- their recordings are just on the same disc of this original set. Shivkumar Sharma does not actually play here with Hariprasad Chaurasia. Their tracks are just next to each other.Also the recording by Chaurasia is badly ripped, perhaps from a damaged CD, and has clicks all over it.Don't bother with this unless you are a desperate fan of these people. It's a real shame because some of this material is interesting in its own right, but is badly ripped and badly presented.
my brother bought this cd at the tompkin square park show 9/11/05 and since the i have not been able to find it anywhere got a little excited when i thought i could just download it but it is only the team spider half and amazon doesnt have the no caash half. do not download this if you are looking for the whole album
I first heard "Nuttin Nuh go so" by Notch on satellite radio station, and found the album here and purchased it, without doing enough time listening to the samples.So, now I know that Riddim means the exact same beat for every song.  Not sure why this would be popular, because after 3 or 4 songs, I was "what the heck?..." and finding another album on my ipod.If you like the exact same beat over and over and over (and over and over....), then you might like this.  Now I know, and won't buy another in this format. Find one or two songs you like and just buy those tracks.
I was thoroughly unimpressed with this cd. Most of the music sounded like the stuff you hear piped through the speakers at cheap Mexican restaurants or like it was from a cartoon- not the kinds of music that inspire you to dance! Skip this one for sure.
Ony 6 tracks are recored with Charice singing the other 6 tracks music versions of the 6 vocals. Seem it is a trick not to let you that this really only half of an album. Not worth it and not nice to deceive people.
Being impressed with my initial observation of this girl, I ordered this CD.  It is disappointing as she only sings on about half the numbers.  The rest are orchestral only, although lovely.  Her voice is dynamite and I would have preferred an entire CD of her singing.  Also, someone needs to compose some original numbers for her so she is not merely copying other big stars selections.  I believe she needs a new agent to fully expose her amazing talent to the world.
This CD, with only 6 vocals, does not do justice to the talent of this young lady.  Charice has not only a very powerful voice; but excellent presentation skills.  David Foster or someone of his caliber needs to intervene on her behalf.  I will not reward the producer of this CD.
There is not doubt even to the ends of "La-La Land" that this girl can sing. She has proven herself over and over again that with a dream, talent and determination one can overcome adversity.There are some songs that I really liked in this CD but unfortunately I have to agree with some of the comments made to this album.This is what I call " A big time A-list celebrity making an Indie-Low budget film". This CD didn't do any justice to this girl's capabilities and to make it worst the orchestration and arrangement is down-right mediocre "amateurish".I am very excited about her upcoming US Album debut, I expect better arrangements and instrumentation with this album - Charice is a superb talent and she only deserves a record company that could keep up and bring the best out of her and the best that we know she could give to all of us. I am very confident that David Foster can do that.
Charisse Pempengco is a unique very talented singer. Her voice could affect your emotion. She could make the audience cry while singing a sad song. Her debut album was very disappointing though because half of the materials in the album was made for Kareoke fans. The album was produced by cheap and greedy producers who probably decided not to spend more money for more songs so they used sing-a-long instrumental as filler. This album is not recommended for international release. Just load the songs from amazon.com and leave the instrumental part.
(2.5stars)When I open my rather large storage of Sizzla Kalonji albums collected over the years (and I've got just about every one of them on vinyl as well) there are tons and tons of highlights of the good, bad and downright odd varieties. When you release albums in such a seriously high level of prolificacy through such a wide variety (and quality) of labels, strange things are certain to happen and musically, me, being even amongst the staunchest of Kalonji fans would have to admit that sometimes, he just isn't on point. On the lower end of that scale are the slew of virtually non-descript albums he's had such as Hosanna (which featured two instrumental tracks right in the middle of the album as if the producer were auditioning his music for other artists or something); Brighter Day whose longevity with me lasted about ten days (I seriously don't know if I've put it back on my players ONE TIME since; and Stay Focus which, due to its rather odd set between dancehall and roots seemed to do just about everything BESIDES stay focus. Those, of course, are continuously and forever will be outweighed by the good; Just last year Sizzla reached with the I-Space album which in my opinion was every bit as good as the critically acclaimed Da Real Thing of 2002 and served, once again, as noticed that any rumours of decline in his SUPREME talented was very premature as he has maintained over the past half decade or so, when he REALLY tried to make good music, he has no equal in reggae still; and I'll save you from the stereotypical and constant references to is opuses Black Woman & Child and Praise Ye Jah (because its just too easy to use those) and also mention such highlights as the beautifully melodious Freedom Cry album, the knowledge packed early Royal Son of Ethiopia album, the underrated Bobo Ashanti album and the underrated and clever old school vibes on Waterhouse Redemption. And then there's the odd (which is where we find ourselves again on this album). Undoubtedly due to his popularity and selling ability, Sizzla has had albums released by a such a hugely differing number of record labels and in such a strange way that its remarkable. Take, for instance, his yearly rubbish release from Penitentiary Records which is usually combined from older albums. One such album, Burning Fire was released and re-released the same year with even more rubbish. Then there are just the seemingly honest mistakes such as Up In Fire which was an album which was apparently delayed for two years, despite having an official Tracklist and cover the entire time (and it did not change, not even a little in the final product). Simply put, at least SOMETIMES, strange things happen when Sizzla releases music (make no mention of Blaze Fire Blaze from WhoDat Records. WHO???)So, perhaps we shouldn't be that surprised at all when for his next magic trick, somehow and someway Sizzla ends up in a triumvirate of releases from the up-starting MBIG/Drop Di Bass Records alongside Mad Anju and Spragga Benz with all releasing full on studio albums for the labels produced by Andre `Freddy Krueger' Lee in one of the most adventurous moves in recent memory from ANY label. Now that the industry's two biggest names, VP Records and Greensleeves Records are under the same umbrella, I can't imagine you'll see a similar thing occur where you'll have three big releases reach on the same day (AND, to my knowledge the label is also pushing a riddim album for its Circus styled Tec Weh Riddim as well currently) for three different artists from the same label. Seemingly oblivious to the thought of having them competing against each other for the ever so discerning reggae (and especially dancehall) heads out there who actually buy albums, MBIG threw caution to the wind and rolled out Prototype from Spragga, Mad Bwoy Anju from Mad Anju and now Sizzla's Addicted. The album, incidentally, also reaches at virtually the same time as a high profile Sizzla greatest hits release for Greensleeves, The Journey,  as well. To date, musically speaking strictly, Sizzla has also had his fair share of the strange and unusual vibes. Most notably,  there was the Rise to the Occasion album which had some fans (myself definitely not included) hailing the album as amongst the artist's best work and others (myself definitely included) just left wondering exactly what was going on there; there was also the Soul Deep album (incidentally an album for the same label, Greensleeves and for the same producer, Don Corleone, as the Rise to the Occasion album, just two years later) which produced a similar affect as well amongst the masses. There was Sizzla's highest profile release to date, The Overstanding, which burned reggae fans a bit as most of the tunes you've come to know and absolutely LOVE over the years had been stripped and re-recorded in a predominantly unsatisfying style.  Now, in combining the aforementioned strange label release, with the strange vibes in tact, we receive Sizzla's latest piece of work, Addicted, which combines them both to produce what is unarguably the most unusual releases of his entire career. Addicted is an album which in terms of vibes is somewhat reminiscent of the Soul Deep and Rise to the Occasion albums as it does feature a wide array of styles from straight forward roots (although there isn't very much of that at all as there wasn't on the other two albums either). There's also a heavy infusing of pop, R&B;, hip-hop and even rock vibes at times (and, like Mad Bwoy Anju and Prototype (although not as much as on either of those albums), there is also a bit of soca vibes) just to even further distort things. The result is an album which is to be appreciated almost STRICTLY by newer fans of the artist and one which, I imagine, will draw much the same criticisms and praises as the Soul Deep and Rise to the Occasion albums in the end.It was indeed a heavy burden to take on in releasing these three albums at the same time, particularly for a newer label who hasn't exactly proven that they have had the capabilities of supporting and promoting one, yet alone three (and the aforementioned Tec Weh riddim album as well). But maximum credit and respect goes to MBIG/Drop di Bass because all three (particularly Prototype and Addicted the two bigger names of the three) have been well promoted. Addicted gets started much in the same fashion as Prototype began, with a somewhat sappy lover's tune,  Some to Love. Unlike Spragga, however, Sizzla isn't exactly new or foreign to such a tune and has actually scored in the past with such a vibes. Someone to Love isn't HORRIBLE, but it isn't the best tune either, though its probably closer to decent than downright awful, it's for the most part that crazy ultra-high singing that you've come to expect from Kalonji over the years (and there are many people who love that, I'm not one of them) over an almost COMPLETELY R&B; style of vibes. Next up is a similar tune but one which is wholeheartedly more lovely, the title track. If you happen to REALLY like that type of high-pitched wailing lover's piece from Sizzla then you'll absolutely be addicted to the LUSH Addicted. The tune plays over a very easy piano-heavy R&B; style of backing which makes it quite easy for Kalonji to maintain a melodically high delivery throughout. Addicted is the type of  tune which nearly rules this type of unusual album and as you get deeper and deeper into the vibes (and see exactly what direction both he and his producers were apparently going for on the album, it becomes VERY obvious as to why exactly the tune was chosen as the title track (whereas neither Prototype nor Mad Bwoy Anju had title tracks on the albums).  Completing the opening of Addicted is yet another lover's piece (DUH!), So Much for Love. I'm not exactly thrilled with the riddim (same riddim used on Prototype's opening for Spragga's awful tune, For Life) and the tune has an overall kind of `lazy' vibes behind it, but it works on an ever so SLIGHT scale. Again, its not horrible and arguably a better tune than Someone To Love, but you have to enjoy that wailing tone again to really appreciate it truly. On the whole, just from the opening of the album (and pretty much the first two thirds of it as well) you get the impression that Addicted is really a lover's style of an album which is rare, I don't think I've ever heard a COMPLETE such an album from Sizzla, but this thing CHANGES.It takes awhile however, as you'll notice that on the first half of the album only one tune, Addicted doesn't have the word LOVE in the title and there is some very INTERESTING (read: ODD) LOVE songs here. I won't speak very much about it none at all, but all I'll say is to listen to the very first tone on the (or wail, yell, scream or whatever you'd like to call it) from the ultimately average, albeit very `pedestrian' for Kalonji, Love Is Forever for an indication of what happens there. Like Prototype and Mad Bwoy Anju, Addicted also features its healthy share of combinations (six in total). First is the decent True Love with nice reggae singer Calibe (whom checks in on FOUR of the combinations, including the first three). Calibe returns on  the very next tune, The One You Love which has like a jungle/disco style of vibes. Actually, The One You Love is really one of Addicted's stronger tunes, it doesn't really do anything of note, but its one which is primarily pleasing to the ears (it does get annoying after awhile, however, at least to me. And Calibe also returns on the far more familiar vibed Don't Be Fed Up over a dancehall tinged hip-hop vibes (or is it the other way around???). The tune is EASILY one of the album's strongest pieces altogether and it's the tune where Calibe probably takes her most prominent role (and MBIG/Drop Di Bass is set to release Calibe's very own long player later this year) and the two honestly make a very nice duo. Take a VERY brief listen to the tune Ganja and you'll know it's a very weird day when I'm declaring that or any such a tune the STRONGEST tune on any Kalonji album. Ganja is a very up-tempo Ganja tune which honestly just grew on my nerves after awhile. Its almost a herbalist party song (if there is such a thing) and probably hit me so because it was undoubtedly the most familiar vibed tune on the album (and the riddim really does go several places in its insanity throughout the duration of the tune). I have to mention that a previous MBIG/Drop Di Bass release, the Rootal Riddim, Sizzla checked in with Watch Over Me which was near roots master and would have EASILY been the undisputed champion of this album, however it is NOWHERE to be found here. I have to mention (before I get to the madness which ends Addicted) that Addicted also contains previous solid Sizzla single Excess of Love which is also one of the album's top tunes as well over a very nice pounding dancehall vibes. Addicted ends with the exact same trio of oddities which ended the Prototype album. Three tunes; three combinations between Sizzla and Spragga Benz; and three tunes completely not up to standard. First up is Frigg Ya, probably the worst of the bunch. Why you link Spragga and Sizzla and immediately think, `Lets do an R&B; song!', is anyone's guess I suppose, but I think it was a really bad direction to go in. Then there's the ever so slightly advanced Number One. Number One is a tune which I imagine could ultimately grow on SOMEONE, but I'm not sticking with it long enough to have that happen and it is worth mentioning that Spragga does take a very nice shot at the up-tempo riddim and does actually do well. The spicy Come Home is definitely the best of the bunch and it features Calibe (yep, her again) and young singer Patri alongside Sizzla and Spragga. The tune is a soca infused tune and it does work, but almost undoubtedly due to the presence of Calibe and Patri who definitely outshine their male counterparts.Overall, you hardcore Sizzla fans you steer clear and far away from Addicted! There isn't a single one-drop on the album at all (which is a distinction I don't even think applies to the thirty total tracks between Rise to the Occasion and Soul Deep) and it will take an ENTIRELY too long of a time to grow on you (if it ever does at all). In retrospect, I don't even know that I would recommend this one to the newer fans either as it will certainly give you a misrepresentation as to what the artist is about at the end. No. Addicted is an album almost exclusively reserved for the very few of fans (almost definitely all female) who enjoy the somewhat sappy and somewhat wailing style of lover's tunes he so often creates over the years. I do have to give the labels big credit for going after such an ambitious undertaking with these three albums at the end of the day and I hope they stick around (maybe this can be their signature, releasing multiple albums at a time, besides Calibe, they also, apparently, have a working relationship with former dancehall ace Merciless as well, who is looooooooong overdue for a release) and are successful ultimately. Definitely the act of making reggae labels is an act of gaining attention and in these three releases MBIG/Drop di Bass have certainly done that. However, with Addicted, I'm just not sure if it's the exact kind of attention they would have wanted.
This CD is just not very good. The rhythms are played in a very inspired flat way, and often the timing is even off..like maybe they tried to loop the tracks.  The semaii is barely recognizable.  I'd only recommend it for a very new beginner who needs a very simple version to play along with and can't find other sources.  I have a feeling this was produced before the flood of high quality instructional recordings that are out these days, as I remember noticing it here many years ago, when there wasn't much else.
This 1981 recording by Senegalese singer Laba Sosseh released on Roberto Torres's SAR label is for me, one of THE WORST New York SAR recordings that you can find and DEFINITELY the cheesiest, silliest, and corniest the label has to offer in New York (WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE THREE SONGS I ALREADY MENTIONED.)This recording was of course, an obvious intent in trying to aim even more at the African market by putting a FAMOUS African singer on the front cover and by including some exclusively African tunes. The problem here, aside the cheesiness that I personally perceived, is that the three African songs (1, 2, & 4 singed in African dialect and in French) are totally uneventful, bland, uninspiring, linear, unvaried, monotonous and TOTALLY POINTLESS!... There is NOTHING happening!... Laba Sosseh is often too busy chit-chatting rubbish instead of singing properly or improvising, and the tunes also feature some kind of slightly laid-back "Tropical beach" feel with a little Electric-guitar and some trap-drums in the background which get on my nerves!...The 1st song doesn't even offer a single chorus or a single musician's solo!...It features Laba Sosseh telling us in the middle of "a sexual fantasy" that Ngombelle is a traditional African style of dance that other countries in Africa also love to dance to, and encourages them to dance it even further!...Song.2 features a chorus as LONG, as ANNOYING and as INSIPID as: "in&iacute; coc&oacute;, in&iacute; coc&oacute;, in&iacute; coc&oacute; de ba saaah, de ba saaah, de ba saaah" ALL THE WAY THROUGH TILL THE END!...Other than that, we get Laba Sosseh inviting the people of Martinique, Curacao, Ivory Coast and S&eacute;n&eacute;gal to come and dance to the Coconut (whatever that means!) and to come and drink fresh Coconut juice with him on the beach!He even makes the impression he's on the phone speaking to the people of Niamey in Niger to invite them for a fresh Coconut juice too!...(While Latin music has often being accused of using bland lyrics that totally lack of depth, this is REALLY as BAD as it gets...)For song.4, I have nothing else to say other than a Trumpet solo by Alfredo Armenteros "Chocolate" towards the end which isn't helped by the background musicality, but which STILL comes out pretty well coming from him...The reason why I decided to review this recording (now that it has been available under MP3 Downloads since the 5th of August 2008) is to tell you to download the GREAT 3.Maracaibo Oriental, the NICE 6.Pel&oacute;ta (written by Miguel Matam&oacute;ros) and maybe Song.5 Anichayi which ain't gonna change your world, but which is decent enough not to be skipped (or bought for just $0.89 on MP3 Downloads.)Even though this label was mainly run by African associates (as Pianist Alfredo Vald&eacute;s Jr. explained on his FASCINATING interview: "The Son of Buena Vista" in descarga's Journal Archives section [...]) I STILL think that they SHOULD have come up with a MUCH BETTER African music project that showcases the music PROPERLY, or with a classic Cuban style of recording that is the label and the musician's SPECIALITY!I would say each to their own thing!...Therefore, the point is not to discredit African music BY ANY MEANS because it's NOT what I want to do and I DO NOT have the competences/knowledge to do it!I just want to warn buyers that half of the songs in this album are APPALLING examples of what African music should be!Finally, there would have been one more Laba Sosseh recording on SAR in 1982, and while I haven't heard it properly I can still tell that it's a better album than this one!There's definitely a slight extra interest within the tunes and although there isn't one track that gets near Maracaibo Oriental, overall the album does show better with a BIG hit: Diamoul&eacute; Maw&oacute;, 2 ROCK-SOLID Cuban tunes which also happen to be songs.3 and 6, and apparently another hit being song.5 Aminata.I wouldn't DARE risking recommend it to you all, but check it out anywayLaba Sosseh...Song.3 Maracaibo Oriental is literally a BRILLIANT Mont&uacute;no-Desc&aacute;rga tune!It features a BRILLIANTLY EXECUTED Piano Mont&uacute;no pattern by Alfredo Vald&eacute;s Jr. that works TO PERFECTION with this AMAZING tune TILL THE END!...There's also a SUPERB introductory Trumpet solo by Cuban GREAT Alfredo Armenteros "Chocolate", OUTSTANDING choruses by Roberto Torres and Adalberto Santiago, AMAZING 2-Trumpets/1-Trombone horn arrangements, a POWERFUL and SOLID Trombone solo by Leopoldo Pineda and some more Trumpet playing towards the end by "Chocolate" accompanying the final horn arrangements!...EVERYTHING works TO PERFECTION on this tune and EVERYONE is REALLY "at home" and "in their own thing" here!...[*Desc&aacute;rga in Latin music terms means Jam-Session.]Song.6 Pel&oacute;ta (most probably written by Miguel for his Conj&uacute;nto Matam&oacute;ros) is an old humorous tune about somebody having made himself the reputation of being a jerk.Otherwise, the tune is VERY PLEASANT, fairly laid back with a set of SOLID horn arrangements, a Tres-guitar solo in the middle by Victor Tr&iacute;as "El Chino" and some FINE Trumpet playing by "Chocolate" towards the end.The FINE chorus keeps singing throughout the tune "pel&oacute;ta!" [meaning jerk in Spanish slang].Basically, a SIMPLE and GREAT tune!...For Song.5 (which is a decent enough Son-Mont&uacute;no tune), I'll let you lot take the punt...Sound Quality on this reissue seems absolutely fine, BUT NOT BETTER than the one from the original vinyl which my dad bought by mistake AGES AGO, and which I HAPPILY transferred onto a Cd through a friend JUST for those 2 songs!... My friend didn't disagree with me either and said that the other songs went on for too long, lacked melody and were unexciting too.
The names of the songs don't correspond to the mp3 music file, I mean, the list is complete but the order is shuffled. Please update!!!!
The drum samples used to create this album are not correct for the regions they state to come from.  I have played West African percussion, and Samba/Batucada for over 12 years, and the tracks on this album that say they are djembe/west african or samba, are definitely not.  The Surdo beat is incorrect in Samba, the djembe rhythms are wrong and the djembes tuned way lower than actual.  This appears to be drum circle hippies interpretations of world rhythms rather than the actual thing (which is cool if that is the intention, as the beats are still cool - just not authentic).
I purchased this single b/c I am a believer in Yah and Yahoshua the Messiah, there is limited music on the true messiah and creator of heaven and earth. It is not a bad song but I don't like how he singing about Yah needing to come save us from this economic crisis, that is not what Yah the most high is about. He needs to be singing on how we are Ysrayl,how we have been tricked to not keep the Sabbath and have pagan worship on sunday given orders by Constantine who was a paganist, but he is so blinded he don't know that. He needs to start calling upon the name of Yah and Yahoshua and not these false titles of god and jesus, he needs to research more on the name of Yah and how there was no letter J until approximately 400 years ago so who is this man Jesus he is singing about. He needs more research.PeaceKimmieyahMay Yah Open his Eyes throughYahoshua the Messiah
When I purchased this (digital for immediate listening), I was looking for peaceful, meditative music in traditional Japanese/Chinese style.  This barely qualifies.Much of the music sounds electronic.  I wonder if there where any &#34;real&#34; instruments used at all.  Much of the music sounds like western music played with Asian instruments.  Not good at all.
I have A LOT of Bad Manners, think I know them about as well as an American can, but I'm not quite sure WHAT this compilation is.  It seems to be a mishmash of thrown together tracks, live and otherwise.  Is it authorized by Bad Manners even?  "Skarville?"  "Hokey Cokey?"  "I Just Wanna Bang on a Drum?"  At least find out the songs' names.  It's pretty forgettable, I bought it, downloaded it and listened to (most of it) about once.  For $6.99 not bad, I guess, but don't expect miracles.  Track down Forging Ahead, Mental Notes, Heavy Petting or Stupidity and you'll do much better.
This is truly the most annoying CD I have ever listened to.  Normally, I enjoy this type of music/therapy and have find the majority to which I have listened to be relaxing.  If they're not relaxing, at least I don't find them irritating.  For some reason, I find this one annoying to the point of having to turn it off after 5 minutes, and I have tried.  I tried listening to it a number of times and have tried hard to love it or at least endure it, thinking maybe there's something I'm missing, but I just can't find "it".  I tried listening to it when I didn't have a headache, and (I kid you not) it actually started to give me one!  At first I was sure it was the high-pitched flute sound that never seems to be able to find its mojo so that rather than soothing a headache, it tends to aggravate whatever is going on in my head during a migraine.  Then, when that instrument ceases and there is just water and the other "music", I find that to be equally painful, and now I have no idea which part of it is the most grating.  I don't know if the good doctor has ever had a migraine in his life (maybe I should read his book), but if he has, it is much more enjoyable than the kind I get.  The very last thing I need or want is a persistent and frenetic multi-source noise pounding my brain.  He would have done well to omit the instruments altogether and just give us the sound of water that is in the background, although I realize that the "music" is the essence of his CD.  The best part is the sound of silence when you turn it off.This may well work for someone else, so please, be all means, give it a try if you are so inclined.  I may well be the exception.  Just don't say I didn't warn you.
I bought this CD because I wanted to listen to Zulu voices, and the blurb on the back claims this is "one of the most authentic ethnic performances every produced." Perhaps I neglected the line that said "Additional music written by George Raphael," because the Zulu singing is degraded by electronic accompaniment. This is about as ethnically authentic as a plastic trinket you buy in Disneyland. The original singing sounds good, but you can barely hear it under the muck of the `additional music." Really too bad. If you want to hear Zulu voices, I suggest you look elsewhere.
I like Oro Solido and I like my merengue but not a huge fan of reggaeton.  This cd had too much reggaeton and not enough merengue for my taste.  And not only that, their reggaeton didn't have a style distinctly their own.  It was too close to the stuff already out there, too canned.  I would have rather they stuck to merengue for the entire cd.  Maybe the more I listen to it the more it will grow on me.  BTW I'm latino, bilengual and like all styles of latin music except Tropical.  Just in case you thought I was some white boy who happened to pick up this cd not knowing what I was buying.
I was really hoping for a steel drum CD that didn't sound like it was right off of a cruise ship... but it does. I didn't pay much attention to the names of the songs on the CD and more on the reviews, if I had checked out the song names, I would've seen that they are all your typical "Caribbean cruise ship" songs. Oh well, not horrible but not at all what I was looking for.... the real deal, steel drums we would hear local bands playing when in the Caribbean. I'll pay better attention next time.
I have a CD-R of each of the following:World Music Guatemala 2, M&uacute;sica Tradicional, Traditional MusicWorld Music Guatemala, Danzas Mayas, Mayan DancesThe first, listed, plays properly every time.  The second CD-R, World Music Guatemala, Danzas Mayas, Mayan Dances, may require several attempts to play before it will play and there have been dozens of re-loads attempted. If you have a machine that is "temperamental" or can not play CD-R discs, you may wish to skip this CD. My experience with these two CD-R discs indicates that there may be a quality control problem with the manufacturer, Difosa
As you might guess from the album title, this is more of a bargain bin purchase and overpriced at $6.99.  Most of the arrangements are nice (except for Greensleeves--which would have been much better minus the uninteresting cello part) and performed adequately but my biggest gripe is how Austin has named the tracks.Hills of Heather - Haunting and Bittersweet Celtic Theme.  This really should have attributed as "Wild Mountain Thyme", "Will ye go, Lassie go?", or "Purple Heather" somewhere.  These are all titles by which this song is famously known.  A search on "Hills of Heather song" doesn't return a match for any of these titles (I didn't look past the first page of matches), just the track by Craig Austin.  I believe there is at least one Turlogh O'Carolan song also (Carolan's Quarrel with the Landlady).The point being, since there are no album notes, and no attribution to the actual traditional tunes, good luck finding sheet music or recordings by other artists.Better to spend a dollar or two more and get better acclaimed artist recordings with proper attribution.
No sign of Terry Hall or Jerry Dammers here but it's decent. Interesting to have different versions whithout the white kids.
The audio is horrible. Too much correction. I have the 10 inch and the sound is pretty good. Better to hunt for record if you can.Performance? Great 50s NY Latin music by a hotel orchestra. Fun and camp.
I bought this for my 11-month old baby. She is learning both English and Spanish at home. I thought this would make it more fun for her as she loves to dance whenever she hears music. However, this doesn't seem to do the trick. The vocals are off and quite annoying. I was also hoping to see this CD in my "Amazon MP3" list so I could play it anywhere I have my smartphone (as most CDs purchased from Amazon come up there). But this one does not appear; I think because only the English version does. Not worth the money in my opinion.
If you like middle eastern club music you'll love this.  There were a couple of tracks I liked.
I am a big fan of soulful music such as Celtic, African and other world music. When I listened to the preview this sounded fantastic, but after downloading, as the songs dragged on I ended up deleting all of them one by one because they just didn't appeal to me past a minute or two into the songs.
There are some great artists here and very nice sound production by George Solar, but there's an unidentified woman with a sexy voice talking over the start of most of the tracks, so it sounds more like a radio broadcast.  Ruins it for me. I'm a dj and don't want to hear someone talking over my tracks.  Also, by not letting the music speak for itself, it comes across as pretentious.  I haven't heard this producer's other cds, so maybe it's a style people expect from him, but I won't be buying any more from him.
Great Peacocks album - if only the tracks are the actual Peacocks records! Eight of the 10 tracks in this MP3 album are from a totally different band, definitely not Peacocks.The only two tracks by Peacocks (tracks 9 and 10) were mis-labeled.This is a horrible execution - a bungled digitization of a great Peacocks album. Go to Youtube and listen to the actual Peacocks tracks, and see how they are totally different from what was put on this MP3 album.Someone should sue Ivory Records for putting someone else's tracks on an album supposedly done by Peacocks!
It is so different from all his other work and hardly any piano. If you like the combination of a banjo and tuba you'll love it.
only get this to hear what the song is like and not spend a bunch of money.  It is Lawrence Welk ville or maybe worst.  Not a good voice in there at all, in my humble opinion.  Don't spent the money.
As someone who has been listening to the albums of The WolfeTones for over 30 years (yikes), I have to say I found this recording very disappointing. There is none of the charm or warmth, or even real emotion in these songs. The melodies are pleasant enough, but the lyrics feel forced. Listened through the album once, then deleted it. Not something I would recommend. At least now I know not to buy any of the others.
Most tracks are extremely simple, repetitive, and not Dubstep.There are only a few decent tracks in the whole list.
I picked this up in Galway City, thinking it was something newly produced. But it appears to be a very sloppy digitization of an LP or tape. Finbarr [his first named is spelled wrong on this CD] Dwyer's playing is great, as expected, but the audio quality is terrible. "All Media Entertainment," the label here, whomever they may be, are clearly out for an easy buck---there is absolutely no information on the recording or the tunes; the back-up musician or musicians go unnamed. A box and fiddle are shown on the cover, but there is no fiddle on the recording. One can only wonder if Finbarr even benefits from any sales of this CD. My guess is no.
I was very disappointed in this purchase. I love Ayumi's music but the tin-keys on a steel drum style "music box" was not what I was expecting to hear.
tejano #3 cd mp 3 downloads;  songs are within each other ending of one with the start of another cannot make some of the songs lyrics nor beat. not a good thing at all.  songs start and then cut to start again.
The music is very good but this cd introduces many of the best songs with weird voice over. It is really annoying. I just want to listen to some good music. Buy another cd.
This CD only plays clips of his songs, not the whole song. If you want the full version of the song, buy another CD.
I love salsa and I love La Murga, a Panamanian classic. This track, however, sounds like a high school band: brass (none too steady) and seemingly ragged percussion, NOT the juicy, sassy song it ought to be. Can't return it either. Let the customer beware!Codicil: you can actually preview a clip, by clicking the leftmost triangle. I wish I'd known that earlier.
The title song is the best song. The rest are a huge disappointment as far as rhythm and style goes. They [the other songs] don't even sound like they belong on this CD.
I accidentally purchased this album with one click. I figured that I might as well listen to it, because I might like it since I have some other Irish fiddle music.I couldn't listen to it anymore. The quality was not good at all. The songs all sound the same (I know enough about Irish music to know that is not the case). They just played them the same.If I could return it, I would.
Buju recorded a song that had been recorded by many singers all over the world.  Yet he received criticism in the press for recording it.  Subsequently the Haters decided to try to entrap him verbally.  He is in Florida and needs decent legal help.You can read his story on your favorite internet news website. This holiday send decent legal help and Caring individuals to help Buju in Florida.
Sorry, but this CD with flute tunes is not what I thought. All of the melodies sound just alike and I was not enthused by it..It was boring to say the least!
OK relaxation music - but it  just doesn't do it for me as a &#34;go to sleep&#34; CD climb into bed and nod off
Most of the tracks are very generic/repetitive and are not what most people would call Dubstep.Overall a waste of time except for a few passable tracks (with a couple gems).The saying "You get what you pay for" comes to mind.
I really tried to be open while listening to this album, but it saddens me to say the least. I used to watch these guys play with Skif Dank all the time in a downtown local pub, and that's when they rocked. The horn parts are few, and this new synth stuff they're putting in there really make them sound like a different band.I understand bands have to switch their style up, but they are hardly anything like The Supervillains. I dont know what happened to the actual band, but this is nothing like the last album.Some people will be able to relate when I say that this album makes me feel dirty, and depressed. If thats your style, and something you think you'd enjoy then by all means definitely get this album. If you were expecting a Supervillains album, then look for a new band, or I guess you could listen to these guys.Wow, what a shame....Law Records has some other bands worth mentioning though. Such as, Passafire, Iration, and of course Pepper. Law Records also just signed Bally Hoo, and they are awesome.
Let me 1st start out by saying just like the other reviewer I am a big reggae & ska fan.  With that said....this album is just plain old BAD.  It's udderly void of energy, nothing like what we've come expect from such a great band.  It's like they asked there fans what there favorite aspects of the band were & cut them out completly.  The amazing vocals....gone, the upbeat party anthems.....gone, & the driving rhythems....gone.  What we're left with is some of the most generic, boring, & un-inspired sounding reggae music I've ever heard.  I mean even the recording quality is poor.  Someone needs to tell these guys that Reggae albums from the 60's sounded this way because of the lack of technology to make it crisper, not because they chose too.  So why the Aggrolites decided to make there album sound like this just comes off as cheesy & insincere.All I can say is WOW what a disappointment.
Wish this was a remastered version to showcase the beauty of Bobby Holcomb's music. This sounds very antiquated, low quality.
I looked at the non-Improv-Version of this MP3, and it sounded the same as this one.  Perhaps this one has more instrumentals.  THAT part of the compilation I have no problem with, and I love the way the OM is used throughout.*However*, the tracks are mis-labeled: The tone that is supposed to be C for the Root Chakra, is actually a G.  The root chakra tone is actually Track 6.  The sacral chakra, D, is actually Track 3.  And so on through the disk.  I was able to ferret this out by comparing the sounds to the tracks on the non-improv-version.  Very odd, considering the other CD is ordered correctly.
Poor sound period. Never was the numbers digitally masterred professionally. Maybe if the disc can be remastered, can meet the quality level that is todays music.
i was turned on to Gaby by my sister-in-law and what i heard i liked so i purchased several CD's. this one I just can't seem to warm up to. many of the songs sound like they are from some Broadway musical or something, i never got what people like about musicals yech. I had been turned on to a girl thant sang bluesy folk music so I was disappointed. Lejos is decent and sing me life, not sure since on my &#34;Windows&#34; media player it displays the album as being Postales? and the order of the tracks are also different then the list on the paper CD cover so unless I got burnt by purchasing a &#34;Copy&#34; rather than a factory CD through Amazon the music isn't much better than the quality control from the label.  when I load it to my iMac on itunes at home i'll see if it is a &#34;Windows&#34; thing or the actual CD. a couple of songs are ok so download them and save your $$$. buy Postales, it is very good
This game is really cool wonse I got this game I thought it was really cool. It is real cool
Its music only no words  fine for some one who only wants muscal rendering. But dont call it a tribute to Matrc Anthony if its not gonna have any of his songs
Matej Mestrovic increasingly falls short of the promise as a composer he showed in his first album, "Sounds of Velebit" (Zvuci Velebita).There, albeit with sometimes melodramatic results, he composed seven inventive songs with a sophisticated piano sound. Lacking was the ambient mush and generic global-sound that's showed up on subsequent works.Probably not coincidentally, the inspiration for "Sounds of Velebit" was a mountain in Mestrovic's home country of Croatia, whereas other music looks abroad. It may be paradoxical, but I suspect were Mestrovic to again to build his landscape tone poems around something local -- around a landscape  and rhythms emotionally closer to home -- he would have greater universal appeal.
I listen to a lot bhangra music, and nothing special here...low tempo beats and typical punjabi tone.  I give him props for coming out with the album, but the only good thing about his album is the cd cover.-Reality Singh
I as not real pleased with the selection of songs on the album, but over all, it was OK. I got what I paid for.
Primero, no descargaron todos los temas de los 22 temas que dice tener el &aacute;lbum. S&oacute;lo descargaron 8. El lenguaje no es alusivo a la Navidad, y aunque es el ritmo es pegajoso, el lenguaje es muy obsceno.
Not a brilliant collection but one or two good tracks. however the most disappointing thing was that i could not back up the CD as it proved unreadable.
A collection of largely forgettable tracks.  Most are so bland and un-danceable I deleted them outright.  Six have made it into regular rotation, maybe six more are hanging out on the bench.  Not a terrible value per song but certainly not the "play-list refresh" I was looking for.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD FROM AMAZON!Unless you want to listen to songs that end abruptly, a good 1 to 2 minutes before they are supposed to.  I already had three songs from this album, so I thought I'd get the rest, but all the songs end before they're supposed to.  They don't even fade away.  ridiculously shoddy service from Amazon.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD FROM AMAZON!Unless you want to listen to songs that end abruptly, a good 1 to 2 minutes before they are supposed to. I already had two songs from this album, so I thought I'd get the rest, but all the songs end before they're supposed to. They don't even fade away. ridiculously shoddy service from Amazon.
for talking all that shit that he has la clave this does not make a case for it. he must've left it home that day or left them behind or so he thought! theyre better without him
Most of the songs are very similar as to cords.  Not the Arabic music I am use too, but you might enjoy it.
It would be a great listen, if it wasnt somebody's bootleg copy. There are a lot of tracks that skip. And at one point you hear someone's computer sign off. Was very excited to download,mbut now I am sorry I did.
one of the best albums of underground! old school but this is incomplete! dont buyt this if you are looking for the full album
I did a little research before buying Tim Wenzel's 3 releases. I listened to the samples on Amazon and even a few You-Tube songs from "Mountains Take Wing" and I did like them. Unfortunately, those one or two songs I saw on You-Tube turned out to be the only good tracks after listening to them in their entirety after the CD's arrived. I am a musician and am usually open-minded, but I feel those three releases are sub-par.Here are some descriptions:Amateurish production and electronic drum tracks.Lacking in dynamics and emotion.Melodic phrasing was repetitive from song to song, counterintuitive and random within each song.The synthesizer programming was annoying.Odd and abrupt song endings.I am a fervent New Age fan, but there titles didn't do it for me.*To those who feel compelled to defend the "honor" of these titles by trying to pick apart my review,save your breath...It's my honest opinion and I am unapologetic.
Buyer Beware - Voleur de Coeur track is just noise. I'll give 5 starts when I get the new track... Other than that album's outstanding.You may also like Vol.1 too.
This album really surprised me and was a disappointment. I have two other of their albums and really love them. This one is just weird and I don't understand how it happened and what they were trying to accomplish???
While the tune selection was good, and there were some tunes on this album that I do not have on my other albums, the execution was not so good. The recording came off tinny and on some of the tracks the pipes were badly out of tune. I like to play my pipe tunes when I need extra energy to complete whatever task I am doing, with this album I actually had to stop what I was doing and turn it off. I couldn't listen to it!
Another reworking of the concept of marrying the diverse styles of Jazz and Samba. Competent performances, but uninspired arrangements. render this recording a primer, at best.
Their earlier stuff is brilliant - "SPLHCB" is amazing. With their past works, you were immediately blown away by the beat, musicianship, etc. This one just doesn't grab me. Sorry.
I bought this because I loved his cover of California Dreaming, but other than that song and 1 really nice Spanish number, all the songs were ones he had done previously and much better. A disappointment.
Huge fan, a little disappointed with this one. They have somehow strayed away a bit from their iconic and original style.
Music is getting too romantic from what Rieleros used to sing. Style has changed alot. Needs to go back to the original sound of Rieleros
I expected more from Mr Gardner and so I bought this album without thinking twice. I had been waiting on it to drop badly. Boy was I in for a rude awakening!Just a punch of auto-tuning and every song being a repeat of the previous song. They all sound the same  Wow.....I'm so sad 'In my opinion of buy, try, or don't buy....I say try. Sample every song several times before making a decision to buy.To me, the best song on the album is a touch up of one of his old songs "closer". sigh....
Not what i expected. Liked two songs a lot and two more were ok. The rest i could ignore. regret buying it.
Item defective. does not sound the way it should. tapping noise on most tracks which is to bad because I love the songs.
I literally bought the entire album because I like all the songs, but especially love Abhi Abhi (Duet). But it's not the song that's in the movie! They've completely butchered it. I am assuming it's some idiot who uploaded this album, and not T-Series!
This album is a mix of songs taken from ELO Part II's live tour in the early 1990s. No Jeff Lynne. Bev Bevan doing most of the lead vocals. This album, 20 Grandes Exitos, is poorly put together with abrupt song starts and endings. I made better mix tapes with a turntable and a cassette deck when I was a teenager. If you must listen to ELO Part II live, get One Night and forget about this one.
I thought that this was a song I knew but it wasn't.  Wrong song by this artist. I did not like the song.
I'm a long-time fan of Dr LS, but this is the first album I find missing the mark. I wish I did not purchase this album. This feels like cheap religious music with haphazard sound tracks mixed together. Sorry!
Music: Jeet Ganguly, Rashid Khan1. Deewana Kar Raha Hai --------------- 6/10A pretty standard Nadeem-Shravan-esque romantic track. Simple and nothing striking about it, but it is just fairly easy going with a hint of sadness. In case you are a Javed Ali fan, this might be even more in this song for you.2. Oh My Love ------------------------------ 6/10You have to be die hard Sonu Nigam fan to like this one. This is him to it's core. Melodious and soft to the core, this song is all that made Sonu Nigam what he is today. On the flip side, it means there is nothing novel about the track for neutral audience.Final verdict: A safe album. The songs are directed in an extremely predictable manner for a horror Bollywood movie. In fact, Chirantan Bhatt did a much better job at this genre with Haunted - 3D. Decent album, could have tried harder.
I am a fan of Drew Deezy, the music is great. The disappointment comes from amazon. This is an amazon reprint that was not advertised as a reprinted version.
A movie is good when you feel for the characters. This one was a waste of time for us.  It has a couple of good songs.
The album started off great with its first 2 tracks and when down to zero. Id advise just buying the first 2 tracks.
Not a very good album.....Does feel like that band is just going through the motions. This one can be skipped.
There is good jazz and there's bad jazz.  This is bad jazz.  Even though Escovedo employs some great musicians, this is undisiplined bad jazz.  I made music with small groups through my high school and college years (and occasionally after).  Good music is melodic and structured.  Each musician has a role and must support the lead rather than contrast with the lead.  Otherwise it is all just noise.  There is a lot of just noise on this album.
Music: Amjad Nadeem, Santokh SinghThe album is average except the one interesting track below.Brownie point:Appy Budday (Videshi), Appy Budday (Desi) - A fun quirky song sung in a boorish Jat inflection. The lyrics are funny and the execution is perfect. The song is very lively overall, except that is loses it's way in the middle. The Videshi version version uses Hollywood actors and American personalities while the Desi version uses Bollywood actors in the lyrics. Both are otherwise the same and equally funny.
Music: Himesh Reshammiya1. Kabhi Kabhi Mere Dil Mein Ye Sawaal Aata Hai (Funk) --------------------------- 6/102. Kabhi Kabhi Mere Dil Mein Ye Sawaal (Trance) --------------------------------------- 6/10Normally, Ajay Devgn (it pains me to spell his name with the missing vowel), falls flat with his punchlines and in-song dialogues, this monologue put to tune is fairly good. The lyrics are funny, but when listening to the first dialogue, it feels, it should have been 'Daughter Of Sardaar' and not the son. Some of the techno elements in the Trance version are pretty slick, but the original remains the better of the two.3. Bichdann -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6/10A classic HR  une of a yearning/broken heart. The style is fairly similar to Aap Ka Suroor album. In his heydays, HR would have himself sung it, but Rahat  Fateh Ali Khan fits well too. His fans might like it.Final verdict: In an album of 11 tracks, only 3 get a mention. That goes to show how Himesh's stock has taken a plunge. Probably, he should playback his own songs again. Probably.
A real disappointment but it's my fault: I hate music recorded in concerts because the quality is always mediocre, plus many times they don't have the same length and words. This is exactly that! I like their music but hate the format.
Music: Salim-Sulaiman, Aadesh Shrivastava, Shantanu Moitra, Sandesh Shandilya, Vijay VermaToo many cooks have spoiled the broth is how this album could be summarized, with the following exception:Brownie point:Chakravyuh Theme - One of the most intense and true to it's motive theme, a rarity in Bollywood which otherwise dishes out soul-less generic fare as 'themes'. Pretty dark and perfectly portrays an iniquitous mood.
I bought and downloaded the CD Antonio Aguilar Vs Miguel Aceves Mejia. At least one song on the CD titled &#34;Laguna de Pesares&#34; does not play correctly. It has clicking noise and sounds terrible. What can you do about this CD and download?
Music: Ram Sampath1. Jee Le Zaraa -------------------------- 6/10A pleasant song of a saddened heart sung well by Vishal Dadlani. He shows his non-rock flair in this song which has a decent tempo. The overall feeling of the song is good, just fails to make enough of an impression.2. Jiya Lage Na -------------------------- 6/10A track that blends the Indian classical tune with hip hop beats. Fairly melodic and soothing and Sukhwinder Singh is held on a tight leash of the classical tune, which is welcome change of pitch for him. Overall, the song sounds pleasing, but fails to completely capture our hearts.3. Hona Hai Kya -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6/10A pretty decent song of uncertainty and despair which successfully injects a sense of urgency to the mood. The song does a fair amount of justice to it's purpose. Suffers from a being a cliche track.Final verdict: Overall, gets a 5/10. There are some decent tracks, but none of them break through the must-listen barrier and stay just ok. The other songs are fairly boring bringing down the stock of this album.
Music: Sudeep Banerjee, Kavita Seth, Ankur Mishra, Viraj SawantAn average album for a fairly unknown movie. No surprises here. Not too bad, but nothing of much notice either. Nikhil D'Souza tries in vain to imitate the style of Pakistani rock singers. Sounds haphazard and thus flat in Doorian.Brownie point:Hey Bhagwan - An average but still fun track about a life turned upside down. Pretty catchy, short and simple.
I've listened to all three tracks in their entirety.  They are worse than disappointing.These are entirely instrumental versions, no vocals.  But the only &#34;instrument&#34; seems to be a synthesizer, using various [artificial] sounds that sometimes sound like some sort of flute/whistle, and sometimes very slightly like a harp.  Everything is buried in a very deep layer of electronic reverb, entirely unnatural.  Even that is badly done:  in each given medley, when one song ends, the reverb fades out abruptly, instead of dying out &#34;naturally,&#34; before the next song starts.  Finally, the &#34;performance&#34; -- if you can call it that -- is very mechanical, with little or no expression.  There's no variation in tempo or in volume.  Me-cha-ni-cal.  Ro-bo-tic.I have no idea why this is called &#34;Celtic.&#34;  It's just cheap synthesizer music, period.  I guess this might be acceptable in an elevator, where you listen for less than a minute before getting out.  But I certainly wouldn't want to sit down and listen to this stuff intentionally.  At least it's not punk or rap.  So in the spirit of Christmas I'll give it two stars instead of one.If you are expecting real music (played by humans on real instruments), or something that is really Celtic, then skip this collection.  Doesn't Amazon preview this stuff before they unleash it on the public?
Yikes, who knew the celts were such big fans of synthesizers!This Christmas enjoy all the soul-less expression of elevator music without the elevator.Oh, and remember, it's free so you have to like it.
Ease down & have a taste of the soothing sound of music,sometimes slow is better,enjoy the sweet mood your in.
this not karaoke. These are only the tracks without CD+G (that are the sync'd lyrics with the track). Excelent tracks though. Esto no es Karaoke. Solo las pistas sin los CD+G (que son los graficos sincronizados con las pistas). Pistas excelentes.
Music: Vishal BhardwajVishal Bhardwaj's Indian classical leanings and a penchant for clean, well-themed music is evident in this album. Unfortunately, it does not translate into a fulfilling album in any particular genre. The most it gets is mention for a few songs. Overall, a decent and quirky album without much to care about.Brownie points:Oye Boy Charlie - If there was a second coming of Kajraare Kajraare from Bunty Aur Babli, this is it. Everything about this song: the opening, the fast paced mujra, the background qawwali, the unrefined feel to the song and the cheesiness, it's all there. Only if this was the first song of this genre would it have been as hit. Good, but not really.Badal Uthiya, Badal Uthiya (Reprise) - For the soft and melodic Indian classical loving fans, this one won't disappoint. Rekha Bhardwaj sticks to her forte of classical Indian music, except this time she doesn't sound pretentious (like I had criticized her before). The Reprise version sounds equally well, if you like this one that is, which is a male version sung by Prem Dehati who gives this song an authentic Haryanwi harundertones.Lootnewale - Sukhwinder Singh and Master Saleem deliver a raw and energetic song. In terms of artistic value, this is a great piece which sticks true to it's theme and cultural nuances, but just not entertaining enough to remember.Khamakha - This song feels like one that would be real nice and pleasant with it's opening, but just turns into a dragging affair with it's slow pace. As an audience, we hope the song blooms into something nice midway, but it doesn't and it is almost too late for a superb piece of devotional chorus at the end.
The MP3 version is not MP3 + G.  There are no lyrics for your karaoke system.  The CD is labelled CDG, so I assumed the MP3 would be the same.
Music: Amjad Nadeem1. Marjawa (Male) ------------------------ 7/102. Marjawa (Female) -------------------- 7/10This one is for die hard Sonu Nigam. This is not a track we have never heard before, but Sonu Nigam delivers a strong performance and the genre of the song is his best suit: soft, yet powerful melody. The tune gets a bit repetitive and the song feels over at certain points in the song which feels weird, as the song is not really over.The Female version of Marjawa by Sayantani Das is equally impressive, which is a completely female track. Same tune and tempo, just sounds nice in a female voice too.Other tracks of the album are sufficiently tapori and ooze a Mumbaiyya attitude, which seems like a good thing considering the movie title.Brownie point:Govinda Ala Re - This Gokulashtami celebration track by Wajid is oddly fun for the occasion.
Music: Shantanu MoitraShantanu Moitra has managed to shine every once in a while, but this album is almost a complete bust for him. The only saving grace for the songs could be an apt placement in the movie, which is rare. His retro leanings in Darmiyan and Maula Tu Malik Hai are evident but they don't turn out well. Boring album.Brownie points:Kuch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai - The rock opening of the track is very arousing and catchy, although the songs suffers from Bollywood's interpretation of rock: Good guitars, great theme, nice beats and gritty, yet terrible vocals of Suraj Jagan. Have no  clue, when doing so many things right, Bollywood musicians end up messing such a vital component of a song. The song otherwise, is fairly interesting, although the lyrics are a bit topical to the movie.Inkaar (Theme) - A nicer sounding theme. After Chakravyuh, this one has some character, although doesn't fulfill the expectations
Music: Shankar-Ehsaan-LoyIn a string of busts, this is another one from the once prolific music trio. The album has a apocalyptic social feel to it, with it being neither intense in an Indian classical way or the rock way. The songs have no depth. The album completely fails to connect with our emotions. The only noteworthy aspect of it is Kamal Haasan doing playback for some songs. Otherwise, forgettable.
So-so singing, not a great production... All songs sound similar.  Kind of a flat sounding recording to me.  There must be something better out there.
I wish I'd listened more closely to the samples because had I, I would never have bought this.  If you enjoy newer styles of Bachata (electronic) you will probably like this but I only actually like about 2 songs of the 20.
If you compare this MP3 album with the original Ansonia label release of Ramito's CD, you will find that this MP3 version is pitched about a tone above the CD version.  This means, that for whatever reasons, the MP3 album was "speeded-up", and all the songs consequently are in a higher key than the original CD, and in a faster tempo.  This digital distortion is known technically as "chipmunking".  The only advantage I can see for purchasing the MP3 version of Ramito's album is that it is in true Stereo, while the CD release is in MONO.  It's a shame that Amazon has allowed this flawed MP3 album to go on sale.
This happens to be the Gayatria mantra and it is lovely but it is not what I was hoping for. I think it is just mislabeled.
This is the second volume of the Mambo Dulcet Red Tailed Hawk. As in the previous album, Carlos decided to sing in this album. I don't know who told him he could sing. He is an amazing flutist but a mediocre singer. With so many good singers in New York, he could pay a couple of extra bucks and I bet the result would be much, much better. The selection of tunes in this album is excellent and the arrangements are beautiful. But when Carlos starts to sing, he kills the tunes. I have all his previous recordings: Arriving, Thoughts, El Flautista and Mambo Dulcet Red Tailed Hawk Vol 1 but until he does not stops singing, I think I will pass on this one and future ones. If it wouldn't have been for the singing, I would have given this album 5 stars.
Didn't really like the style of salsa. It sounded like Cuban salsa and not puertorican but if you like any type  of salsa I guess it'll be worth dancing to.
The music is Ok, nothing spectacular. I was looking for something more authentic and upbeat to add to my collection.
club hits? sounds like the white noise they play in the clubs, I guess. I bought this to use in my dance fitness classes and won't be using any - too bad.
I was hoping for something a little more spicy and up tempo, but this is mellow, easy listening type of music. Obviously some are very happy with that, but I would recommend listening to the samples first even if it is available for free.
The songs on Olga Tanon's latest CD continue the slide into third rate music that began a decade ago. The best I can say about this album is that we are largely free of the ballads, but there is nothing here to take advantage of Olga's magnificent voice. Obviously the Olga of Mujer de Fuego, Siente El Amor and Llevame Contigo and has been buried and forgotten forever. What a shame.
Information for the songs have been switched so I can't tell which song I'm listening to.  I was able to identify Track 6 and Track 11 as having been switched.  My french is not good enough for me to tell if any other songs are affected, but this is not acceptable.
Poor quality! Music drops out at 2:37 to 2:49 minutes ; then drops out again at 4:56 minute to end.
Adding a synthesizer to this style does not successfully update it.  The song is unimaginative and the performance is humorless.  I'm not sure who this would appeal to.
This feels mostly like techno-pop music with Ms. Gokcin's performance being a secondary consideration.  Disappointing work considering her previous releases. Hope she goes back to doing more classical piano, or at least material which will highlight her talents.
poor work after waiting so long for a cd..could not find one song that stand out,this cd is set for a certain group of people may be its time to step out from behind the closet,self serving watered down songs,,,
I love Mykal Rose and of course all the old Black Uhuru stuff--still classic. The songs on this CD don't seem too bad and maybe even a few really good ones. It is just a pity that they have chosen to electronically modify Mykal's great voice on almost every note on every cut. It is beyond annoying and really ruins the work. Unless you really, really like that kind of stuff...
NOT AS GOOD AS I THOUGHT