There are only two pieces worth listening to,  the other songs make you want to stop and change the album.
Wish it were studio and not live. Love the artists and the tunes.  There needs to be a collection like this w/out audience noise.
If you are a fan of Kaysha you will enjoy this c.d. Elizio's tracks consist of Zouk, R&B, and Funana... and the blend works.  I enjoyed 5 of the songs of the C.D. so I would recommend the c.d to others.  The best tracks are the ones that feature other artists.
Musically this is really wonderful stuff, but it's brought down several notches by the extreme nature of the lyrics (a parental warning is definitely in order here, this circus is in NO WAY for children). Dark is one thing, I like dark. But this goes beyond dark with images of witch burning and people eating feces and more. This is the only circus music where I've ever heard the the F__ word and semen invoked. Yuck! It's hard to like this wonderful music when the lyrics are so disgusting. I will think twice about buying the other albums in this series.
Since MP3 downloads come without any liner notes, it's hard to tell the background of this music. Though performed by a Cuban group, some of the song titles and rhythms remind me more of Haiti. In general the rhythms and background vocals are quite infectious. The lead singer has a rather bizarre voice, however: high, nasal, and with a wild quaver. A more accessible collection you might want to try first is Raices Africanas by Grupo Afrocuba.
La Sonora Dinamita Exitos Tropicosos is very nice disc a like a lot and I like more the fact that where I'm living now this music is expensive.
The good!  Most of the songs in this album are quite original and have a very unique and exciting combination of sounds.  The music by itself is refreshingly new and, dare I say, cool.  The flamenco guitar and metal sound go together nicely to create some very entertaining pieces of music.The bad!  I was sorely disappointed to hear the screaming/thrashing present in a few of the songs.  Simply put, it ruined them for me.  It is like taking a very tasty and good looking pastry and filling it with rotten meat.I suppose if the goal of this project was only to make just another average heavy metal album, then by all means scream.  If the goal was indeed to create a unique masterpiece of musical talent and original blend, then the screaming should have been left in the bathroom for dealing with your average heavy metal constipation.
The music is great, but every song suddenly cuts off at the end in the mp3 version of the album.
The music is definitely not Carlos Vives, but it gives a decent cross-section of vallenato.  The sound quality is good.
Music was good but it was not as advertized the original sound track, the original has a speech before every piece of music and in this copy the speech was omitted.
I enjoyed the Cd however, I liked Young Tree a little more. The lead singer of Groundation has an unique voice.
I like how they rap in english and I think they would be twice as famous if they always did that.Anyways this was the first album I heard from them so.
i did a search on line for a particular track, namely, 'Dat Dere', which i had only heard as an instrumental version. I came up with this artist and was blown away.in an era of the amys and the brittneys, it is a breath of fresh air to find a female artist that can record a song like that and make it sound downright zexy.she is no billie holliday, but she is one of the closest i have heard in a long time. i wish that i could find out more about her that i could *read* (most of the stuff out  there is french language, so there is little i can say about her career, discography, etc).this is great for someone who has a good jazz collection and wants to hear something a little bit different. not everything on here is straight jazz, by any means- but neither will it disappoint!
This recording of Toquinho and Paulinho Nogueira, two excellent Brazilian guitarists, has it's highs and lows.But one cut needs more information added.  Track No. 5 called "Choro Tipico" would lead you to believe that this composition is a "typical" choro.  Folk music. Nothing further from the truth.This is a written composition of the great Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-lobos.  It's actual name is CHORO NO. 1! And was composed in 1920. Most all accomplished classical guitarists have this in their repetoire:  Julian Bream, Manuel Barrueco and Turibio Santos (a brazillian.)  Take a peek at Santos on YouTube playing it the way it was meant to be.  Wonderful.This recording pales in comparison.
If you are a fan of Juluka, you will probably want this to round out your collection.  After Johnny Clegg and crew closed down Juluka when Sipho left the band.  When Sipho decided to return a modified Juluka was reborn, but unfortunately it didn't have the same punch or drive as the original band.  This reunion did not get a wide release and has only just come back into the market place.  If you are a completest you will want this, if you are not familiar with Juluka, this isn't the place to start.
Dated songs but still enjoyeable once in a while. Great band that went on to some great albums (Power House, Highlands, Inside, Redemption etc).BTW Amazon, that is the WRONG cover image... totally different band.
Just needed it for an event.  Not really my kind of music. Would I get it again?  Probably not again.
Fair warning...I purchased this only to then realize that Track1 is identical to Track5.  Amazon was kind enough to refund the full purchase price, and I was able to buy the actual CD from a retailer.  The songs themselves are very good and the quality is too, but I can't comment on the 'authenticity' of whether it was actually recorded live.
Lito Vitale is an argentinian multiinstrumentist, with a classical formation in origin he developed a career out of fusion of jazz with local folk, tango, with various formations allways of great musicians specially the Vitale Baraj Gonzales trio, and the "Lito Vitale Cuarteto" . I'd probably pickEse Amigo Del Almainstead of this sampler, if only because of its internal consistency, this compilation of Vitale's work over the last 10 to twelve years in my opinion has some lesser scores. To sample just one theme, pick "Ese amigo del alma". A better categorization would be on the latin  jazz fusion section
only liked some songs
This record is decent, but can't compare to either Humming Street or Staccato Green.  Listen to those first, and if you absolutely must have more, then, by all means...
I often find it quite interesting when examining the career of any particular artist to just observe exactly how they have developed during their time in the spotlight. Particularly in applying that to the scope of MODERN reggae music when just as big of an importance is placed on quantity as much as (if not more so than)  quality. There are also quite a few cases (two or three in particular) where a well SKILLED artist literally changed focus, partially or wholly, of their vibes during their career. Case and point, take, of course, the cases of both Capleton and Buju Banton. Both now legendary modern reggae stars initially rose to prominence as bad boy dancehall DJ's alongside such names at the time of Shabba Ranking, Ninja Man and Mad Cobra (who were their DIRECT peers), only to change their courses and in doing so receive a far greater international exposure through significant life changes (in both cases the artist sighted Rastafari) which, of course, came to be reflected in their vibes. The very interesting comparison comes here: Could the same early Buju who made hits like Boom Bye Bye and Big It Up and Bogle have made the hits which would regenerate his image such as Circumstances and the entire `Til Shiloh album for that matter (interesting about Buju considering his last album released, Too Bad of 2006 harkened back to his heavy dancehall days and did so probably better than he did it back then)? Similar is the case of Capleton where you might wonder if Mr. Bumbo Red and Dem Bend could have somehow, someway been capable of teaching the masses about Jah Jah City. Capleton, just like Buju very much keeps an ear towards his dancehall roots (listen to the GENIUS which was the More Fire album) while developing other facets of his game. Both cases (as well as others such as Spragga Benz and Frisco Kid) are very interesting when speaking of development as artists as even though their vibes definitely took different directions in the second stage of their careers, the skill level itself seem to rise as well. Another very nice case in development in my opinion is that of St. Croix chanter Ras Attitude who, to my ears, has managed to turn himself into one of the most SKILLED artists of this era altogether. Attitude's development has been a more of a lateral one in my ears as, instead of full on bettering his style and skills (which he definitely has done to a degree), instead he opted to further push something which he had previously shown himself capable of even more, most notably, of course, his wonderful singing voice. We've also seen the case of Turbulence of whom, to my opinion, a strong case could be made that he has actually RETROGRESSED over the years; going from a well once promising SINGER with a well established DJ/chanter base into what exists these days - an extremely talented roots artist who mostly seems able to score with the love tune, first AND second. Truly for all fans of music watching the development (or the lack thereof) of an artist has to be one of the most interesting thing about the vibes.And maybe I say all of that to give myself an excuse to give this album a great big bligh. Ziggi is an artist currently exhibiting a rather large chunk of development between the mere two and a half years between his first and second albums, seemingly doing in just two years what it took both Buju and Capleton YEARS to pull off. This year and very recently actually, the Dutch born, Statia grown (`Statia' = St. Eustatius, an island in the Caribbean) Ziggi checked in with what was, to my ears, one of 2008's finest reggae albums overall, the very solid In Transit. This album, for his home base label Rock `n' Vibes, LITERALLY featured Ziggi In Transit in terms of his vibes, changing from the predominately dancehall side (on this album I'm going to get to in a minute), to the very youthful and exuberant style of modern roots which prevailed throughout the In Transit album. Currently, In Transit is definitely one of the most popular current albums going right now having been picked up by the venerable Greensleeves for a bigger distribution. Of course, In Transit wasn't Ziggi's maiden voyage as just a couple of months shy of three years prior, he had come onto radars with his debut album, So Much Reasons, again for Rock `n' Vibes, ran by `Mr. Rude' who produces it out of the Netherlands and by extension out of the Netherlands Antilles. The rather aptly titled So Much Reasons features very OBVIOUS glares of the shine which would definitely more show itself fully on the In Transit album which was forthcoming and besides that it also features the even more youthful side of Ziggi's style, the dancehall vibes. I don't actually mean to say that Ziggi is TERRIBLE at dancehall, however, it's just so clear that he is a MUCH better roots artist than a dancehall head. Dancehall speaking, he just doesn't bring anything new or original to the game and while I'm not trumpeting him as  REVOLUTIONARY roots reggae artist, what he does is definitely something which he could full on develop to top flight status and ultimately, someday place his name amongst the truly great practitioners of modern roots reggae music. When he does tip himself to a rootical edge (or even a dancehall/roots blend) on So Much Reasons, almost each and every time he SCORES, as opposed to the dancehall, where, even though he brings in help (oh boy does he ever bring in help), rarely do I ever hear any dancehall on So Much Reason which immediately would make me think that the artist in question there, would have such a bright future making that type of music. So Much Reasons, like In Transit, also received quite a bit of attention, particularly amongst the hardcore fans in Europe who had been enjoying the once underground Ziggi for quite awhile on the strength of several high-powered singles which had really attracted quite a bit of attention. While I DEFINITELY wouldn't say he has failed to deliver on the promise he once showed in the European dancehall scene, these days I'm sure his `transition' has opened even larger doors and more ears to his music.Again, its not exactly my intentions to portray So Much Reasons as a FLOP album (AT ALL), but for me, going back and seeing where he came from to be where he is today is probably the most interesting aspect to the album, because thankfully, he too saw where his focus was better used. Opening things up for Ziggi's debut album is perhaps what I could call `exhibit A', In My Head which features Ziggi alongside his label mate at RnV, the very nice (ST. MAARTEN BORN!) Shanaira Rey. If you listen through the dancehall tune, which was definitely one of the more popular tunes on the project , you (like many people obviously did) might hear a very nice tune, instead of the very mediocre hip-hop infused (which isn't a bad thing necessarily in itself) dancehall track which is a decent club and dance tune but isn't overly impressive or unimpressive on the whole. Now you hold that one in direct contrast with the tune which immediately follows it. Check THE OUTSTANDING All Obstacles. For emphasis I could simply say that if you were to pick up All Obstacles and take it (as on original new piece at the time, of course) to the In Transit album, the four and half star rating I gave that album may have went to a full five star, for that reason alone. All Obstacles is just a wonderful gem of a modern roots tune on which Ziggi reminds the masses that all things are overcome when guided by  the power of His Majesty. Indeed Ziggi as he strings in what is DEFINITELY the biggest tune and `reason' to check So Much Reasons. Completing the opening for the album is the very fittingly titled There Again as Ziggi goes THERE AGAIN, to the very average dancehall side. There Again isn't even as good as In My Head, its just very cookie-cutter vibed dancehall (with a slight hip-hop vibes to my ears), which would have definitely been better served as a changeup on a roots heavy album. Instead when used as a tune which is similar to several of the others, it helps to draw the vibes into a far too routine and ordinary sound. A somewhat microcosmic opening to the album altogether.Such OKAY sounding dancehall tunes absolutely come through in just about every corner of So Much Reasons. The most notable of them all is probably the tune Outta Control which was amongst the singles from the album (I THINK) and is just really so unexceptional of a tune to my ears. The same could be said about another single, Call Me. Actually, to be perfectly honest I kind of do like Call Me a bit (I'm a dancehall head at heart). The very Sean Paul-like tune is catchy at times and probably is the finest example of Ziggi having any type of dancehall SKILL to my ears, but Vybz Kartel he's definitely not and were it up to losing the tune ALTOGETHER in the place of more fine roots material, so be it. As I said, Ziggi definitely calls in help, most notably on the tune Inna Mi Bed, alongside Jamaican dancehall ace Elephant Man. Whether or not you actually like Ele is a question in of its own strength, but you simply can't question his dancehall skill and he rides through the tune quite effortlessly and Ziggi doesn't exactly FAIL, but you can clearly see the talent gap where he would have been shooting for what Ele does in this one tune for the entire album. There is a full on `girls/gyals' string of tunes right in the middle of So Much Reasons which I think is just so bland and unexceptional for the most part, although (ALL OF THEM) still quite catchy. The first of those tunes, Girls has kind of a Spanish guitar vibes and the riddim is quite nice actually and, again, very catchy (later in the tune Ziggi employs a talking style which is the only memorable stretch on the tune for my opinion). Next is the HYPE but wholly unimpressive Strictly Hot Gyal which finds Ziggi doing his best impression of Kartel and the likes on the somewhat slack tune, again, catchy beat, but not much else. And lastly amongst the three is the finest of the bunch (which isn't exactly saying much) All My Girls alongside (ST. MAARTEN BORN!) dancehall DJ/hip-hop MC Mega D. Mega, alongside Ziggi and the likes of Ambassador Junior Lion  and recent up and comer Smiley (who is VERY impressive with a nice big tune alongside Jamaican veteran Junior Kelly) go to make up the strong young reggae talents from out of the Netherlands Antilles. Mega actually sounds a bit like a heavy voiced version of (mediocre personified) Jamaican dancehall artist Kid Kurrupt and the tune isn't bad or good, just the catchiest of the three gal tunes, none of which help or hurt So Much Reasons on the whole. What does definitely help the album, however, are the very nice sprinkles of very nice roots tunes along the way. Check way back on the list for the very nice tune High Times which isn't the herbalist anthem you're undoubtedly thinking it is now. Instead it's a tune saying that its past 'high time' that the youths (and everyone for that matter) put down the guns, definitely agreeing with that one and its just a big vibes throughout and a very strong reminder of where Ziggi REALLY separates himself from the pack. Make your way to the title track for the next nice dosage of roots, with its very nice and somewhat `spiraling' one drop. At its core, the tune is a well done lover's tune in very sharp contrast to the rather crude and average trio of gal tunes in the middle of So Much Reasons. Even stronger is a tune which comes much later on, the downright EXCELLENT Screwface. Screwface is just a WELL DONE and POLISHED vibes which definitely would have fit right in on the In Transit album. Big tune there! Winding things down, Ziggi does go back to a dancehall vibes (as expected) and does actually score with the very uniquely vibed tune Empress which is definitely not an average tune and has somewhat of a soca vibes to my ears and is actually a fairly decent tune really. Things for So Much Reasons close away with the somewhat folksy praising tune Hear Me When I Pray. Actually this one grew on me after a few spins through (I think I was just happy that it wasn't a dancehall tune to be honest). It does carry a very heavy message and, after awhile, a very nice message as well. Very odd, yet pretty nice way to end things here.Okay and I guess I have to mention the remake of Turbulence's hit tune Notorious here: That tune, perhaps more so than any other needs to NOT be re-recorded EVER, at least not on Turbulence's end, because the first version was so PERFECT. Every one after that wasn't quite up  to par, this one is no exception, although actually better than a few of the other's I've heard (including the one VP tapped for the album of the same name from Turbulence).Overall, having listened through In Transit quite a bit more than So Much Reasons, especially these days, I found this album to be somewhat of a frustrating one, but definitely with a  condition on that statement. I don't actually know when exactly Ziggi or Mr. Rude for that matter may have realized that it was better that the direction in which they take the In Transit album a roots one, but just listening through this album ONE TIME, I could hear that he was a FAR better skilled rootsman than dancehall head. And I do want to stress that while So Much Reasons is far from being a complete waste of time, its just weird that when someone so skilled at one thing would settle for being merely `normal' at a next thing really. And I have to say that So Much Reasons attracted quite a bit of good attention, so maybe I'm just off completely. But for me, this one is recommended to new fans and ONLY new fans of reggae. Heavier fans definitely skip right to In Transit because while in the dancehall Ziggi is just `one of the pack', in roots he is clearly becoming one of a kind.
I will give this album 3 stars with this caveat. The uilleann pipes played on the album are great. Nearly every track is accompanied by other instruments, however, including really cheesy sounding electric guitar and (at least on the first track) something that sounds like hiphop scratching. There is really no reason for this accompaniment, which often sounds to be out of sync with the pipes themselves. It is like something a Wurlitzer organ would add.It comes across as though the producers of this album did not know who their intended audience was. If you are a die-hard fan of the uilleann pipes you will still get something from this album, but be prepared for possible frustration as the other instrumentation gets in the way of the traditional sound.
"Wain" is hauntingly beautiful and "Shaif Nafsuh" is a catchy dance tune. However, I wish I had just bought those two songs rather than waste money on the entire album.
Too much religious stuff.This album fails to convey the quality of solitude that's essential for meditation.Jayashree's fantastic voice is endowed with a mysterious depth, again evident in this album.
Although I love the music of the Gregorian Chanters in religious type music, I found their rendition of old love songs quite dated, and not soundingthe same.  I was hoping I'd recognize more of the old songs so thant I would enjoy listening to the old lyrics, but I really didn't recogmize most of the songs.  If I get in the mood, I might listen every now and then anyway.
You would think that this music would be available in English...the kid has a great voice and would think he would be marketable in the U.S.  Guess not!
Not the best of tony vega.but it has a great song esposa great hit of t he 90's but excellent singer
I am giving three stars because DIMENSION LATINA is one of my favorite salsa groups.The sound is made for a portable mp3 player, not for a HIGH DEFINITION sound system. Sorry.
I first heard Yelle's song Tristesse/Joie and I had to say I loved it. It was bouncy and energetic and sounded a little funny (though I would not know, as I don't speak French), but I didn't find the rest of the album to be along its taste. My favorites were probably Les Femmes and Tristesse/Joie, and the rest I would write off as hip-hop with funk influences. Not quite pop in my opinion, which I can so barely tolerate (hip-hop and rap less so), and I was disappointed. However, this doesn't negate the good qualities it still has, such as its hyperness and altogether bouncy, upbeat tunes. Again, I do not know French, so I cannot judge it lyric-wise... But I think I might come to like it more if I listen to it more often.
There was a time in my life when I would have enjoyed this album a lot. To be more precise, that was when I had Bruce Lee's poster pinned on my wall, dorky glasses sitting on my nose, and pimples all over my face, some twenty years ago. Back then I truly enjoyed Gilette's "Short Dick Man" and Vanilla Ice's "Ice Ice Baby". And wasn't there a group called Shampoo where the girls sound exactly like Yelle?  I am getting old, but I still enjoy upbeat, happy songs, such as Claire Diterzi's "A Quatre Pattes," Arthur H.'s "Est-Ce Que Tu Aimes?" Zebda's "Tomber la chemise," and most songs in the "Le Pop" series (Germen compilation of French Pop). You get better rhythm and lyrics from those, I believe, as I don't speak French at all. I want to stress that this rating reflects my personal opinion only, I do not intend to suggest that those who rate this album highly are adolecents. I am sure those who somehow missed the 80s/90s (either by not listening to the radio or by being born after that) would really aprpeciate this ablum.
I would give the album 5 stars. It is a great piece of music. However the mp3 version was not correctly digitized and some songs have skips when playing. This is evident if you preview Concierto Aranjuez. Also the name on the listing is incorrect it should be "Este camino largo".If it is fixed this review can be withdrawn.
This is a 2-for-1 reissue of two late-period albums by Brazilian pop singer Alceu Valenca, who got his start in the early 1970s.  It contains all the songs off of "Andar Andar," from 1990, and "7 Desejos" from 1992.  Not my cup of tea, but since these albums are both hard to find, this is a nice bargain reissue.  (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Guide To Brazilian Music)
good album but not as good as other cd, i dont find myself listing to it but always playing gone are the days album instead,
(3.5stars)Although I maintain that my love of reggae music is quite universal and timeless, meaning I'm completely able to enjoy reggae music from any era, I do have to admit my limitations to a certain degree. However, the reggae purist in me (I would say I am approximately 49% reggae purist, 51% neo-reggae head) longs for an era where many of our seemingly 'forgotten' champions can return to somewhat of a semblance of popularity and prominence which they previously enjoyed in the music and on the island of Jamaica. Many of the elder reggae artists (particularly the singers)  from an era gone by (especially the 70's) have found a not only a home, but, in some cases, complete career resurrection thriving and sometimes even living outside of Jamaica in reggae starved communities all over the world. Although you have to realize and accept the changing of the times it is still rather disappointing that Jamaica tends not to find a home for some of the elder artists, who had such a great and mighty hand in establishing the vibes which now differentiate so greatly from their heyday. Many of these elder artists have found homes in places such as the UK and other parts of Europe where so many toured during their primes and established fan bases of fans whose children today STILL (odd as it may be) seem greatly interested  in the more classic (and particularly roots) reggae vibes.  This trend doesn't appear to be changing at all, however it has modernized in a sense. Now (here`s the neo-reggae head), we have a certain group of artists following the elders lead in seeking markets outside of Jamaica and the Caribbean as a whole and establishing their vibes in various reggae hotbeds throughout Europe. Artists such as Elijah Prophet, Daddy Rings, Omar Perry, Prince Theo, Mark Wonder and most recently Zareb are all in the process of setting their most profitable markets in Europe; recording and releasing albums, touring and doing a great portion of their promotion throughout the cold weather continent. However, while those particular artist may have taken the route established by the elders, even they seem to be, surprisingly, more connected to the Jamaican scene currently than the elder artists, who in some cases, are downright reggae legends (such as Alton Ellis). From a selfish standpoint, definitely I would love if these artists were afforded the opportunity to be able to stay around the Jamaican reggae scene, as it would be viable to them in every way, however, upon closer examination of the activities of SOME of the elder artists throughout Europe, a true fan of reggae can't help but to love seeing the classic vibes continuing in some form or another.Of the artists who have taken this route to the fullest (and there are MANY) undoubtedly one of the higher profile names on the list is definitely Earl (16) Sixteen. The Kingston native born (and sometimes known as) Earl Daley, holds a special place in the hearts of so many elder Jamaicans (my mother included, he is one of her favourite singers) and now does likewise for many fans of the UK reggae scene where he now lives. As I mentioned, there is an ever thriving network for the classic artists over there, thus, Earl Sixteen, like several of his peers have more or less extended their careers, and it actually helps them back here on the island as well, as we aren't exposed to them so often, therefore, when they are here performing or recording, it is more of a big deal and they are (at times, at least) afforded the respect and reverence they deserve. Earl Sixteen's career as a top flight talent on the island dates back to the early 1970's where his time began recording for various producers all over the island. Sixteen never actually achieved the level of a reggae SUPERSTAR (along the lines of Bob Marley, Dennis Brown or Burning Spear), instead what was laid for him was a role as one of the most supremely talented singers of his day (and in his DAY, there were literally HUNDREDS). Earl Sixteen earned his name through playing with many names (including Studio One) and even scoring several big hits, such as Malcolm X (which was written by close friend and peer Winston McAnuff and voiced for Joe Gibbs). However, what truly set the slight singer apart was without a doubt his voice. Gifted with a tone which almost sounds a little bit TOO relaxed and almost ALWAYS seems to be on the verge of cracking (but never does, and I mean NEVER), Earl Sixteen's style is one which is so refined, so professional and so top notch, one could literally take it out of the reggae scope and drop in almost any form of music and is still certain to have a winning sound. Sixteen also came with the reputation of being one of the hardest working individuals in the business, and, despite the fact that he may have not been one of the most prolific artists of his time in terms of actual recordings, he was always somewhere doing something involved with the music. If he wasn't recording or performing, he would be producing or singing backup or setting up labels, just generally (and genuinely) to promote the reggae sound.  As far as his own style, beyond the voice, Earl Sixteen had a style which pretty much fit the vibes of the day, he sang songs which moved between lover's rock and roots and (like many of the time) he also sang countless covers of UK and US tracks which were big in Jamaica at the time (and even some that weren't so big and were made big via Earl Sixteen`s cover). In an era where there was so much competition and so many opportunities to only the TRULY talented, so many bull in one pen, Earl Sixteen was one of the very few artists who through various means was one who managed to stand out from the rest.Luckily for reggae fans all over the world, `chasing' the artists who make their way to Europe have been equally proficient producers as well. Sixteen is an artist who has been fortunate enough to work with much of the strong UK outfits and producers such as the Mad Professor and Jah Warrior, and on his latest release, Cousins Records. Earl Sixteen returns with a new release for 2008 with the solid Reggae Ambassador for the very busy English reggae label. In the past couple of years Cousins has released albums and singles for the likes of Luciano, Turbulence, Lutan Fyah and Natural Black. Also, they have also released works for Earl Sixteen peers such as  Rod Taylor (who has a VERY similar story to Earl Sixteen) as well as an album for the great Delroy Wilson also. It seemed only a matter of time for Cousins to sweep its own backyard and voice the UK based Sixteen and the result, Reggae Ambassador is a nice and anticipated piece to get the year started on a good note. The album begins with Youths of Today which has a rather odd feel. The first thing you'll notice about it however is that, unsurprisingly, Earl Sixteen's tone is in a VERY fine form and, as it always has, it seems it almost comes too easy for the singer. Youths of Today has the feel of an opening track, almost to the point of sounding like an interlude, and it almost has a classic R&B; vibes to it as well when it really picks up with a very heavy piano presence throughout (and a clapping nyah drum in the background at times, the piece is truly one of a kind!). Reggae Ambassador truly picks up after the odd opener and Earl Sixteen alongside executive producer (Sixteen himself actually gets a producer credit here as well) Donville Davis (who actually owns Cousins Records and served a similar role on Luciano's very strong Cousins release, 2007's God is Greater Than Man) prove to be quite a duo. Surviving the System is a very powerful track! From my very first spins through Reggae Ambassador it was definitely one of my favourites. Carrying a straight classic vibes (which pretty much is prevalent throughout the album, it sounds as if it could definitely have been recorded in the late 1970's) Surviving the System really is a track that shows Sixteen at the height of his powers in a rootical sense and fans of the singer will absolutely love the piece. Closing out the opening of Reggae Ambassador is another strong selection and one which definitely, on paper and literally, is one of the highlights. Final Stage flows sublimely over the legendary Studio One piece, the Skylarking riddim. I was actually under the impression that Sixteen had previously voiced the riddim (he used to literally be GLUED to Studio One in one form or another), but Final Stage is his first effort on the riddim. Considering Earl Sixteen's status and standing in reggae music, Final Stage is a rather important piece. Musically, of course, the veteran effortlessly rides it with one the album's best tracks altogether and an exclusive to Reggae Ambassador.The true peak of Reggae Ambassador for me lies between two tracks. The first of those tracks is Rastaman Posse (which I believe is a track from Davis in 2003 for an album which was planned but just now materializes). Rastaman Posse is an excellent cut of another Studio One piece, the Conquer Me riddim. The real attraction to the song, however, is the outstanding lyrics which Sixteen presents. Rastaman Posse is basically a track unifying all different types of Rastafari, its a song following in the same vibes of Junior Reid's masterful One Blood and another tune it reminds me of is actually One Bryte Morning from VI Empress Sistah Joyce (checking the opening of that track). It is just a very strong song presenting wonderful ideas and one which you definitely need to hear from Earl Sixteen, who, although not really seen as such, has been a strong presence in the Rastafari community throughout his career (I believe he is a member of the Twelve Tribes of Israel, as is Freddie McGregor and Brigadier Jerry as well), and even walked out on his first big job, with Boris Gardner because of it. The second outstanding piece here and my choice for Reggae Ambassador's absolute best track is the wonderful Ethiopian Anthem. Ethiopian Anthem flows over a riddim which I recognize as the piece used for Garnet Silk's divine Hello Mama Africa (which was then called the Smile riddim, from Star Trail). Ethiopian Anthem is a very heavy cultural track which plays on a lover's rock cadence. The song is an excellent blend and example of showing Earl Sixteen's model lover's vocals used for (what is his real strength) the cultural `anthem'. Definitely you have to spin Ethiopian Anthem, a very nice track and the best on Reggae Ambassador.Speaking of Reggae Ambassador, the title track here is also quite nice as well. The track is a bit of `reggae empowerment' track harkening the returning of the golden era of reggae music and its also a song which doesn't necessarily fall under the heading of either roots or lover's rock, and still an EASY standout here over the Judgment of the Land riddim, a Yabby You original . Reggae Ambassador also features two covers, unsurprisingly. One of which, Holding Back The Years is ARGUABLY Sixteen's biggest hit to date. The cover of UK group Simply Red's hit track was a big tune for the singer and he has since re-voiced it in several different forms. This type around, it's a very heavy one-drop and its probably included for the hardcore and diehard Earl Sixteen fans who'll absolutely appreciate the tune in any form. The second cover is a strong cover of American singer R. Kelly's Happy People. Sixteen's is (oddly) a bit more lively and less seamless version of the original, but it does work, I would like to see him perform the tune live, however, as the song would definitely have slow dance written ALL over it.I would also recommend Gold of Sheba which is Sixteen's own production. Should you ever wonder of VINTAGE Earl Sixteen, check no further than Gold of Sheba which is the most extreme case of such on Reggae Ambassador and very strong. As the album winds down the two standouts are the very interesting Reggae Technology, which is a similar tune to the title track. This time around Sixteen reminds than IN SPITE of technology reggae music continues to maintain its strength (the song led to a very interesting conversation between I and a friend). Reggae Ambassador ends with the nice yet obligatory herbalist track Growing Budds which neither adds nor detracts from Reggae Ambassador as a whole.Overall, really what I'm waiting for from Earl Sixteen is a nice stacked anthology type of piece which would come from VP Records or another of the UK outfits of the sort. In the meantime, he continues to push quality pieces like Reggae Ambassador. What I will say is that the album is targeted for a VERY specific audience, therefore, unless you have a exceptionally strong interest in roots music, particularly of the classic variety, then you need not even take a whiff of Reggae Ambassador. However, if you are such a fan (then you are probably an Earl Sixteen fan as well), then by all means check out Reggae Ambassador, it's a nice vintage piece on an artist who, although so far away, sounds still so close to home.
I like this man because he is a true Jamaican. This album is really nice if your a true Jamaican music listener.This album has a real good Rastafarian beat.I would purchase this album or give it to someone for a gift.
on every track.  to be fair I only listened to the sample tracks of the album.  all of them.  and the snare drum is very present on each of them.  I do like some of his other work.
This is a very produced, uneven collection. I had just come from Belize where I heard more authentic traditional Punta and so was disappointed by this club heavy volume.
I bought this album to get the Solace song and another one that appealed to me, but wish I'd just bought those two singles.  This is purportedly gothic-inspired middle-eastern music, but this album is more like a sampler you might find at a potluck supper, a bit of this and that, than a coherent collection of music on an album you can listen to in a single setting.  There is nothing wrong with any song on this album ... they are all fine.  It's just dumping them together under the label 'gothic' was a bit of a stretch.
I am a huge ambient music listener and thought this album would satisfy my summer relaxation, but unfortunately, it only reaches the half way mark. The level remains constant (I prefer fluctuation) and the odd &#34;mum&#34; sounds un-tranced me.
As with any album you get the good with the bad.  There's a couple of songs that I love, a few that I like, and a couple that are just awkward for my ears.
Bikram Ghosh and another brillaint album! Drum invasion is a great fusion of classical and modern music. The beats are excellent and they take u to another place.
As ridiculous and downright unbelievable as it may sound (and it definitely does) outside of a few staple series (which may be about to change at this point) you don't really see too many big time reggae compilations released these days. The interesting thing is that, this phenomenon may actually be quite a good thing in that as reggae becomes more and more popular and spreads, the demand grows not for compilations, but for single artists shining on their own stage in albums. A recent development, where the largest reggae and Caribbean music label in the world, VP Records, bought (although it has yet to be finalized, but is a virtually forgone conclusion) their longtime closest rival, the UK based Greensleeves Records. In terms of compilations (and in that, I don't include mixtapes as, of course, you still see dozens and dozens of reggae and dancehall mixtapes coming monthly) VP and Greensleeves almost had dueling series. Where VP boasted the world's most popular annual reggae compilation, Reggae Gold and a double release with its oldest series, Strictly the Best; Greensleeves countered with its Biggest Ragga Dancehall Anthems, which until recently featured a whopping forty tracks between two discs and eventually they added a roots version with The Biggest Reggae One-Drop Anthems, which did likewise. Greensleeves also had its recently revived Sampler series for quite awhile, its more hardcore Ragga Ragga Ragga series and I'm probably forgetting something else as well as the UK label up until the last two years or so released MUCH more compilations than they did artist's albums. I would expect for VP to refrain from competing against itself and thus either eliminate most of these compilations (and I have to get a bit nostalgic because, in terms of actual quality, Greensleeves would not give you the biggest tunes but would throw some serious vibes in their pieces) or turn them into bi-yearly or perhaps even more infrequent series. Another factor in the slowly disappearing compilations has been the declining state of the next closest name as far as labels go, Jetstar. Whatever VP ultimately decides for the future of not only its own compilations as well as Greensleeves' notwithstanding, it would appear that reggae music, on an international scale has joined more popular forms of music in abandoning the superfluous level of compilations in favour of building stars on their own accord. After all, I don't pay as much attention as I wish I did to hip hop, but I don't think you see the TOP FLIGHT hip hop artists appearing on an almost bi monthly on competing labels either.The reggae compilation, however, does retain popularity definitely and now we see younger companies attempting to capitalize on the ever developing void. Most notably has been Cousins (like always) who are churning out compilations and double compilations due to the fact that their roots catalogue over the past couple of years has been very impressive and continues to impress. And now throwing their hat into the MODERN compilation game (classic compilations in reggae music still flow relatively briskly at this point) is Pow Pow. The German reggae label is perhaps best known for constructing the riddim which would play the backdrop for German reggae star Gentleman's HUGE shot, Superior (riddim of the same name) and just generally pushing crucial crucial rootical vibes from artists all over the world over the past half decade. They have also, within the last two years turned to releasing albums with both strong Jamaican roots singers Elijah Prophet and Zareb making their debuts for the label with King of Kings and Authentic Love, respectively. Pow Pow now introduces their first big compilation release of modern roots reggae, The Pow Pow Triology (more on that in a bit). There are several really unique things about this type of compilation going in. First of all, just due to the way it is structured it reminds me of what is to this very day, one of my absolute favourite reggae compilations of all time, Saddle to the East from Brickwall in 2001. That album was actually VERY similar to The Pow Pow Triology (VERY similar) as it too featured three artists, two of whom, Jah Mason and Anthony B are present seven years later on this piece (missing is CRIMINALLY underrated chanter Steve Machete). Another thing in common the two pieces have is that both Brickwall then and Pow Pow now are production houses. That means that every drop of music which you'll hear on the compilation was actually done by Pow Pow. The music is done over their riddims, on their money, and mastered and mixed on their sets, making this compilation somewhat of a greatest hits for the label! It's very refreshing because it really does stand out for more than just the artists (even though, that's really the reason we are here in the first place) and Pow Pow goes to GREAT lengths in making sure that you know whose behind the artists in this case (putting their name in the title of the album). This is instead of, like VP, who'll compile the Reggae Gold album, for instance, buy getting the songs from producers themselves, who actually MADE the music, I like when the compilation is via ONE producer and put out by the same entity (similarly, check out Lustre Kings Productions' wicked series Culture Dem and Vikings' 2007 debut Rasta Legacy (which we hope to see reincarnated sometime soon) in both cases the album was put together and done by the same individuals), it has more of an old school style of vibes. The Pow Pow Triology features three of the top roots recording artists of this current era who have frequented the Pow Pow ranks over the years: The aforementioned Anthony B and Jah Mason are joined by Turbulence for the Pow Pow Triology. Over the course of fifteen tracks, each artist gets a very healthy five tracks of his own over Pow Pow riddims. The result is a solid compilation very early in 2008, one which is decent for older and newer fans of roots reggae music alike.This one didn't actually start off too well and I had a very bad feeling about before I had even actually received the piece. Why Well if you look closely at the cover you'll see why. Maybe there is a word `triology', and I've just never heard of it (the misspelling harkens back to an old Luciano album named Moving On, on the cover of which the Messenjah was OFFICIALLY called, Luciana) or MAYBE they just meant The Pow Pow TRILOGY, which is how the disc is programmed (apparently Pow Pow`s graphic designer and their cd writer went to two different schools). Luckily, in this case, looks can be deceiving (for the most part). In the fifteen tracks here, all three artists get a very healthy five tunes of their own and getting things started is Turbulence with his Balance on Pow Pow's rather recent Follow riddim. I have had somewhat of a `love-hate' relationship with Turbulence's vibes as, at times he without a doubt ranks as one of the most talented youths in the game right now (ranking alongside the likes of Jah Cure and Lutan Fyah), but at other times, appears to almost be going through the motions. The Follow riddim is dancehall piece and Turbulence puts forth a strong piece on the riddim (the only other song I've actually heard from it comes later in this same album from Jah Mason) and if you've ever seen Turbulence perform you kind of get the thought of him CONSTANTLY yelling `BALANCE' to his band when he wants the one-drop. Balance the song is entertaining enough and actually might be one of the better harder vibed tracks from Turbulence in quite a while. Next up is Jah Mason who (unsurprisingly) really steals the show on The Pow Pow Trilogy throughout. Mason has been on quite a strong musical upswing for quite awhile now, extending from his big hit, My Princess Gone, a couple of years back. His first effort here is not only HIS best tune on the album, but it's the album's best song as well, Ruff & Tuff over Pow Pow's riddim of the same name. I actually struggled in remembering where I had heard the riddim before (I was actually thinking it was another song Mason had over it) but ultimately identified it as the backdrop for Elijah Prophet's very strong tune Johnny from his album in 2006. Ruff & Tuff actually outshines Johnny as Jah Mason crafts a downright beautiful tune putting forth a message of keeping focus on the good things and righteousness, no matter how ruff and tuff things may get along the way. Last up making his first appearance on the album is Anthony B. Anthony B had a HUGE 2007 with the unlikeliest of hits for the Bobo veteran chanter, the hardcore dancehall piece, Tease Her, becoming one the tunes of the year, leading many to call him the `Comeback Artist of the Year' (my vote goes to Junior Reid instead) along with keeping the international scene hot with one of his strongest album releases in years with the outstanding Higher Meditation. The fiery Trelawny native makes his debut on The Pow Pow Trilogy with the very familiar sounding Time For the Love which flows over Ingo Reyna's (the producer at Pow Pow) re-do of the classic 007 riddim, the Shanty Town. The riddim is an old ska vibes and this type of bouncy uplifting track is amongst Anthony B's specialties and Time For the Love is a very strong piece.Jah Mason stays on point throughout his four other efforts on the album. The next time we here from the Manchester chanter is on the EXCELLENT Flag Flown High, a powerful tune about accepting loves from all the various sources in which it may come (especially from the Most High) on one the newer Pow Pow riddims (which I don't believe has a public name as of yet). The riddim blends perfectly with tune as it presents a pretty straight forward big one drop with a hunting key and string arrangement dancing behind it. Mason later checks in with the bouncy and lyrically heavy Too Much Youth Dying another cut of the Shanty Town riddim which actually SLIGHTLY outshines Anthony B's Time For the Love (Luciano's Love & Devotion remains the best tune on the remade version of the riddim in my opinion). The song shows the at times unpredictable and wild nature of Mason as he lets loose a couple of time during the tune.  Nah Push it is Mason's cut of the Follow riddim, and again, he outshines Turbulence on a very hype track in the more modern dancehall style. Mason's final effort on the Trilogy is the heavy lover's piece, I Gave You My Loving, its actually probably his weakest effort here, but not much of a let down from his slew of top vibes.  For his part, Anthony B stays consistent albeit unspectacular throughout his pieces on the Trilogy. He probably peaks and scores his best shot on his and the album's final track, the System. If you don't know Pow Pow from the Superior riddim (which Anthony B always touches on the album, with his Runaround Girl record), then you probably know them as the makers of the Blaze riddim, over which Richie Spice scored his MEGA shot, The Way You Living. While The System doesn't exactly reach to those heights at all, its still a very well solid (and somewhat free-flowing) effort from Anthony B, and oddly enough is a track which I don't believe has reached an album for the ultra busy chanter (maybe we can see a solo album from Pow Pow for Anthony B in 2008. Turbulence, although not in top form throughout, is IMPOSSIBLE to ignore. While he doesn't push a single track on the album which I'd call BAD, easily his best effort is his final, the lovely Ethiopia Awakes over the Shanty Town. Ethiopia Awakes is the best tune on the riddim of the three on this album definitely and it shows exactly what the still young Turbulence (who I believe turned 28 this past January) is capable given the right set of circumstances. I'd also finally recommend his second track here, the powerful Let's Try, a call to never give up to the tough spots in life which finds Turbulence's voice in very fine form.Overall, I almost always recommend compilations for newer fans as they are far less likely to know the tunes going in and such a compilation as this would include pretty much fifteen new songs for them. However, this one is also `safe' for the older fans as well, unless you either live in Germany and live and breath Pow Pow, or, like me, buy just about anything you can get your hands on, then even to the more established fans, this one will contain enough new material to you as well. As it is, The Pow Pow Trilogy doesn't exactly bring anything new to the table, although I would love to see it continue on a yearly basis with three different artists every year (my idea, although it wouldn't be for me because I don't speak German, would be to introduce some of the younger artists in the burgeoning reggae hotbed that is Germany, perhaps introducing two new artists alongside one more well known next time), but there are some very heavy vibes here, and I'm not complaining at all.
There is BIG mistake in the information of this album.The original release date of this album is no 2006 as it says here. The original release date was 1988. Please check your information.Thanks
Most of the tracks on this cd are really good. Just 2 i didn't like but over all BRONCO has stood the test of time. I recommend it.
Mas de lo mismo... Solo unas pocas canciones logran convencer entre ellas "No" "Me Quedo" y "Despues De Ti". Ednita necesita cambiar de productor y de disquera pero al parecer ella se ha conformado con la zona de confort en la que est&aacute; desde hace mucho tiempo.
Especially in terms of reggae music, I consider myself to be at least a  better than average judge of musical talent. Just in recent years alone I've done quite well in choosing artists who would one day take the next step in their careers, respectively, placing themselves amongst reggae and dancehall's most elite. Of course, it didn't hurt in cases such as Vybz Kartel, Assassin and Turbulence where such a future, based on a variety of things, seemed almost inevitable. However, I've also predicted great things for the likes of VI chanter Pressure Buss Pipe, who broke loose in 2007 with his first big international hit, Love & Affection; Pressure's label mate Alaine was also a favourite of mine before she broke big in 2006; as was, several years ago, the very peculiar voiced Chezidek, who has several big songs now to his credit. Without a doubt my greatest `discovery' over the past few years, however, has been the supremely gifted Lutan Fyah, who I had locked up as a can't miss talent the very first time I heard a song from the lyrically limitless Spanish Town chanter. I was telling (and still am) everyone who had ears that Fyah's talent is definitely one which will produce a King of the vibes before his time is finish. My current choices includes a motley crew of artists to say the least. I'm definitely keeping a big attention on West African, French based talent Lyricson, who through his overall FEEL of the vibes of not only reggae, but specifically Jamaican roots reggae, allows him to standout in an ULTRA packed French scene (the fact that he's one of the only few of artists on that scene who delivers in English doesn't hurt either. I'm also pushing the insanely talented Cruzan Ras Attitude to all lovers of roots reggae as, not too much unlike Pressure or Lutan Fyah, Attitude seems poised to touch the next level, if not as Pressure did with one big hit, then as Fyah did with a series of well powerful solid vibes (the latter situation seems more likely for Attitude).  I'm also watching names (speaking rootically of course)such as young South African dynamo Black Dillinger (check out his 2007 album Live & Learn), US based Puerto Rican Malika Madremana and of course the leader of the pack, TnT Empress Queen Omega, as young artists to keep an eye on who are outside of Jamaica and making very solid roots music. Actually inside Jamaica, however, things (as always) are a bit more complicated.Late 2007, I was (re)introduced to an artist by the name of Zareb (formerly Mr. Flash), from out of Fantan Mojah's Macka Tree camp. The singer is ultra impressive and definitely an artist who seems likely to push himself and his vibes to the next level within the next couple of years and I'm currently recommending his album (Authentic Love) to all lovers of modern roots). And while I will continue to do so,  Zareb remains in a pack which includes young artists such as I-Octane, the insanely wicked Erup (both of whom seem equally comfortable on roots stages as they are on dancehall vibes) and Queen Ifrica, who has all but established herself internationally, and certainly already here in Jamaica, quietly being one of the most in demand roots artists locally. However, it was another (re)introduction which maybe has caused me to make those artists (BARELY) battling for the second name you'll hear me recommending. I give big respect and credit to everyone who can remember an artist from out of St. Elizabeth a few years ago with the unfortunate choice of name, Marlon Brando (similar respect to everyone who remembers Jah Mason as Perry Mason and Norrisman as Chuck Norris). Marlon Brando the reggae artist, struck a chord with me as he had a style of delivery which you virtually COULD NOT ignore at all and while he certainly wasn't the most polished of artists (no one would be confusing him with Junior Kelly), you couldn't deny he had something about his vibes besides his HUGE, almost overbearing vocal delivery. I had actually lost track of the chanter for quite awhile until in late 2006 when he put in two VERY nice songs on a compilation Twilight Sound System's Rasta International for M-Records (big compilation, check it out, also includes pieces from Queen Ifrica, Lutan Fyah and Natural Black). One of those tunes, the MASSIVE Conquering Lion, the best on the album, immediately reminded me of the former big voiced Marlon Brando, then voicing as just `Brando'. The artist I had originally heard, while definitely talented, was incapable of making such a tune as Conquering Lion, which sounded like something which would come DIRECTLY from Capleton's vault (and would STILL be top notch were it to come from the legendary fireman). And while Brando spent the majority of the year flying below my radars, he would ultimately mine gold through the outstanding tune The World, for Pleasure Beat's epic Majestic Riddim and do so under his new (and hopefully final) moniker, Ras Brando. Ras Brando, now is a fiery chanter of nearly the highest order, while he definitely doesn't (and probably never will) have the notoriety of his most popular  enflamed peers Capleton, Sizzla, Jah Mason and Chuck Fenda, I would have no reservations in predicting him to one day (in the not too distant future) joining those names (and I did predict it as well for Mason). What Ras Brando brings to the table is almost exactly what Capleton brings or Jah Mason when he's in his more free-flowing fiery vibes (Sizzla, for his part, at his absolute best, should be regarded as a roots lyricist, the likes of whom we may NEVER see again to that degree): He is a big sounding incensed roots artist who seems to almost overdo it ON PURPOSE. The result is without a doubt one of the most interesting roots artists I have seen in quite awhile and one who you should definitely keep an attention on for the immediate future and beyond.While I would have been quite content waiting for an album from Ras Brando (at least until 2009, which would have seemed to be far more likely), shockingly, with very little fanfare, Jamaica's own Champagne International released Ras Brando's self-titled debut album  in late 2007 and confirmed that I wasn't the only one so impressed by the chanter. In the process the label also confirmed that Ras Brando is an artist capable of carrying an entire album (which isn't necessarily a given, check the similarly voiced Spectacular's debut, the very unspectacular Find Yourself) and his voice doesn't become tiring throughout the piece. Incidentally, the label, Champagne International, ran by eclectic businessman/producer Danny Champagne has been very strong (albeit not very prolific) for quite awhile and was most notably, recently instrumental in aiding the young careers of Voicemail and other artist and is now attempting to do the same for Ras Brando, so big respect Danny Champagne. The album gets started with  the very familiar sounding and well solid No Friend. No Friend is a big tune and a very nice choice to start the album with. It's actually more of a dancehall track, which is an arena where Brando thrives very well, unsurprisingly. The song also carries a big message of recognizing the true intentions of those claiming to be friends, but not acting typically as a `friend'. Following No Friend is the even stronger Heavens which has a much slower, almost a hip hop style of vibes to it over Champagne's Easy Rocking riddim and it is truly wicked! While the vibes may be slightly more geared towards hip hop, the lyrics and feel of the song is PURE roots as Brando hits a shot in the name of His Imperial Majesty which he only really tops twice in the duration of the album (making this the third best song on the album if you`re keeping count). The tune speaks of several things, but the overall message is making sure one is clean, fit, ready and prepared to endure and reach the heights of this life and beyond. Finishing the opening of Ras Brando the album is the second best tune on the album overall, the dazzling Repentance which actually features the first one drop we hear Ras Brando take on the album and the results are top notch. A roots artist is virtual useless if he/she is unable to deliver consistent winners over strong one drop riddims (the lower ranks of dancehall artists are virtually full of artists who tried roots, but found themselves ultimately more comfortable over the faster paced dancehall vibes) and between Repentance and of course Conquering Lion (which isn't here and flowed over a riddim which sounded like a laid back version of the World Jam/Welcome to Jamrock riddim), I'm convinced Ras Brando and is fans has nothing to worry about in that area. Repentance is a very deep tune, but ultimately the message which prevails is one of non-violence and forgiveness, actually, as Brando says, "I love the repentance of the wicked, more than the death of him, Selassie I vanish away all sins". Repentance also features a more toned down version of Brando's voice. Its just a big big song and definitely one to check through the album as you can't find it anywhere else.Close to the release of the album, Champagne also released two riddim albums; the VIP and the aforementioned Easy Rocking, respectively. Brando reaches the VIP twice actually with Sweet Natalia and Round Dem which come in succession on the album. I was actually quite surprised and happy to hear the riddim on the album, as I remember it solely on the strength of it being the backing for my favourite Shaggy tune of recent memory, Ruba Dub Wi Want (if you pick up the riddim album, Shaggy also has another tune on the riddim, as does Spragga, Assassin and Beenie Man). While the riddim is almost exclusively BUILT for that old school dancehall vibes (Shaggy, Spragga and Beenie all RULE the VIP riddim), Brando still holds his own. Round Dem is the better of his two efforts on the piece and has quite a solid message as it warns people to not get too big headed and full of themselves, no matter which level they may reach. Ras Brando the album actually peaks at the final tune. Definitely the standout of this collection is the insanely wicked Eyes Open. Eyes Open is the type of track which just directly shows the biggest attraction to not only Brando himself, but his style. The tune flows over a very familiar slightly pounding and bouncy dancehall riddim and while those types of riddims virtually grow on trees in dancehall, what doesn't grow on trees is the crazy mad effort Ras Brando goes at the riddim with! He never loses absolute focus on the tune either as, should you penetrate the crazy stream of lyrics, a very nice message about being aware dominates the tune. If you asked me to recommend ONE tune from Ras Brando, it would definitely be Conquering Lion, if you asked for a next tune, it would be Eyes Open, easily! The balance of the album is full of a couple of very interesting twists. The most interesting of which (at least on paper) is the She's On Fire remix alongside Fya and Voicemail. Brando could NEVER do his best on such a tune and at least technically is a HORRIBLE idea, but he holds his own, as it is, however, I'm not very fond of the tune, but I do have to admit it is interesting. The actual best of the rest if definitely the remaining one drop tune, the very nice Share Your Love. The tune is probably the only one on which Brando employs a singing voice of sorts (he sounds almost EXACTLY like Capleton when he does it) and its clearly not his best style. However, thankfully there is a (unidentified) female on the tune who helps the tune to the point where it actually works quite well.Overall, am I putting too much expectations on Ras Brando? I don't think so and his debut album, despite being devoid of ANY of the tunes which made me place the artist in such high regard, still convinces me that he is worthy. After Capleton and Jah Mason when he's in the mood for it, roots is missing something. Where the dancehall almost ALWAYS needs its own `bad guy' figure (currently being played by Vybz Kartel, with Aidonia waiting his turn next), modern roots music really needs that big, almost volcanic style of artist who has it in them to do it naturally. Ras Brando is that guy! I'm recommending his debut self titled album to fans of fiery roots music from Capleton, Sizzla, Jah Mason, Anthony B and the likes. For the more established and entrenched fans, you might have a problem with some of the more experimental vibes and the overall length (eleven tracks) of the project, but definitely YOU will be able to see the promise here. Newer fans, you'll eat this one up. Ras Brando is high-powered modern roots, the present, and definitely the future.
(3.5stars)I'll maintain from today until the my last day that reggae music is a vibe that has the power to heal and ease various types of struggles and pains in people. I don't care who you are, where you are from, if you can Overstand the word to the songs or even if you actually LIKE the music at all, somewhere and from some artist there is a reggae song which can hit a spot in you and just lively up your vibes when they aren't so lively. Over the years, there have been many artists who have conveyed this particular vibe of healing and easing the pain specifically in their music and even in their overall musical approach. Of course, the very first example is without a doubt Cocoa Tea. The now legendary Clarendon native has made an entire career and a rather MASSIVE fan base (myself included) based at least partially on the strength of his voice, his style and his overall musical approach; all of which go to build some of the most lethally relaxed type of vibes ever seen in any form of music. If you have never heard Cocoa Tea, just look at the name, perhaps never before a name has ABSOLUTELY captured the vibes of an artist before in music. Similarly, there is Beres Hammond, a bonafide reggae superstar and legend. Hammond makes a brand of reggae which is absolutely necessary. I challenge you to a find a fan of American r&b; music over the age of thirty who doesn't enjoy Beres Hammond's music. Hammond routinely, and has routinely over the past several decades cranked out vibes of such a smooth and relaxed and `stress free' nature (save for the songs on the broken hearted vibe which he tends to do, but even those don't drop the vibes none at all) which have become a virtual staple in reggae music. Simply put: the game just wouldn't be the same without Beres Hammond. There are other artists such as Sanchez, Wayne Wonder and most notably who also tend to fall into the category of making just supremely easy vibes in reggae music. Of the three, Luciano has definitely made the biggest impact on the specific vibes here and done so from a nearly COMPLETELY spiritual side, while Wayne Wonder flirts occasionally with the hardest of hardcore dancehall and Sanchez flirts with the hardest of hardcore INACTIVITY. Yet, they all to some degree have helped push the rather welcome (at least to me) stereotype of the ultra laid back, yet very spiritual, reggae singer, seemingly singing for no one in particular, yet all who stop to listen seem to consider hearing the vibes a PRIVILEGE.Yet another artist who more than adequately fits those vibes and one who it has certainly been the pleasure and privilege of millions of reggae fans (again, myself Included) worldwide to enjoy over the past three decades or so.  The diminutive (thus the name) Kingston native has enjoyed a whole heap of success and respect in the business as, originally, one of the most prolific and downright dynamic songwriters in the game, along with being a very fine singer and performer. Pick up his vibes at nearly any point of his career and you'll definitely hear why I've included him alongside names as Cocoa Tea, Beres Hammond and perhaps most importantly (in terms on contrast) the Messenjah, Luciano. Half Pint's style is part Luciano and part Beres Hammond: At his absolute best, you'll get COMPLETE spiritual gems such as (my personal favourite Half Pint tune altogether) Greetings and at the same time, on the other end of the spectrum of vibes, you'll get syrupy sweet tunes such as Just Be Good. Vocally, his high pitch is almost a stronger version of Cocoa Tea's tones at times and, just as it does for Cocoa Tea, it serves Half Pint immensely as his range allows him to control the overall tone of his music (in contrast to someone like Luciano, who would not sound well singing anything besides his brilliant spiritual vibes); Half Pint could probably sing ANYTHING he wanted to (check Mr. Landlord for more on that). His writing style also allows him such versatility and freedom in his vibes, when he is able to write strong cleverly serene material one time out and the next write a political and social commentary into a vibe which is ultimately `guarded' by his vocals (meaning even if you don't want to hear what he is saying, because the vocals are so strong, you, being a reggae fan, are ultimately drawn to it in some way), you have to pay attention to Half Pint. And Jamaica and the extended reggae community has definitely been paying attention for quite awhile, as the past decade or so hasn't been his most active stretch as an artist (expectedly so), Half Pint still performs quite consistently, if you happen to live in the western states in the United States you probably know somewhere the singer has played in the past year or so as he stays quite active on that scene (as does legendary dancehall singer Eek-A-Mouse), making Half Pint one of the few artists (particularly of the roots variety) who have found the lion's share of their successes in the advanced stages of their careers in the States while many of his peers continue to trod to (and seek residence) in Europe. He also continues to maintain his very high status here in Jamaica, and not only amongst the elders. Taking his entire `bag of tricks' as an entirety you could definitely say the singer is one of the most SKILLED artists the island has ever seen (which is saying a lot), and talent such as that is respected in any era. Late last year I was rather happy to see that Half Pint would be reaching the album form again with the appropriately titled No Stress Express as the once ever present and ever busy artist really hadn't touched the album side very much at all in the past decade (by my count his last album would have been Closer To You in 1999). No Stress Express come via Varese Sarabande, a label best known for releasing motion picture soundtracks and is also distributed by Universal. No Stress Express is a welcome return by one of the quietly most talented reggae artists we have ever seen.The album itself kind of flows in a more traditional type of method for modern reggae albums where it is a compilation of older singles alongside newer tunes. Another nuance that occurs here is the singer seemingly taking full advantage of his popularity in the western states of America and collaborating with some of the most unlikely of characters as he taps members of The Long Beach Dub All-Stars as well as Sublime (both of which are California based groups heavily influenced by the reggae sound. The result of that gives some of the album somewhat of a more experimental type of vibes, but it is ultimately brought to the right course via Half Pint's talent and experience. No Stress Express actually begins with my least two favourite tunes on the album altogether! The opener, Unity, is a song which has a vibe which I'm SURE many people will enjoy and I'll have people saying I'm crazy or stubborn for not liking it, but from the very first note, the dusty acoustic guitar, its just not for me. For his part, unsurprisingly Half Pint does carry a nice vibes (as do the Long Beach All Stars who are also on the tune), the somewhat alternative pop style just doesn't reach me at this point. The tune is followed by the pop/ska My Best Friend's Girl, a remake of a tune by American rock band, The Cars. The tune, again, might very well prove to do some big damage, but it just doesn't reach me at all, and Half Pint himself doesn't even seem to be too high in the vibes of the tune, by his voice. The beginning of the album downright scared me and I was about to simply give up on No Stress Express, as, although it had delivered on the title's declaration, it was thoroughly unimpressive. But in a move that might be criticized by many for rehashing old tunes, someone finally got it right by me. Completing the opening of the album is seminal Half Pint CLASSIC Just Be Good. Just Be Good EASILY is the best tune on the entire album (which is saying a bit as it really picks up later on) and, as I mentioned, one of the strongest of his entire career as well. The Beres Hammond produced tune absolutely epitomizes the thought of the `No Stress Express'. I have probably NEVER heard a more simply beautiful love tune in history with the basic punch line balancing itself on the `less is more' thought as Half Pint just says to his woman, `Just be good to me, I'll be good to you'. If you've never reached a dance floor to the song, then you must not like dancing as the song has been keeping men and women dancing together from the second Half Pint stepped out of the studio voicing it.In terms of sequence and in definitely in vibes, for me, Just Be Good really rights the course of this `express' as the songs get better than the beginning. The real big vibe here is the former singles which he did which are on the album and really carry the vibes for me. Check Suzie, originally for Lion Paw (you'll recognize the riddim as the same which backed Warrior King's brilliant break out tune Virtuous Woman) a very solid tune and to my knowledge, a tune which appears on no other Half Pint album (actually when you have such a long time between releases, such a distinction means less and less I imagine, but it still is the case here). A song which was quite popular a few years ago also turns up in the WICKED serene lover's piece Blessing Darling on a remake of Duke Reid's old Expo Train riddim (very fitting here). Blessing Darling is definitely another of the biggest tunes here altogether and really one of the gems to appear on No Stress Express, so if you missed it a few years back, it would definitely be a big attraction for you. Another BIG tune here which goes to show Half Pint's overall power is, former single, the strong Bless Us. Bless Us is a big spiritual piece which combines the new-school style of programming with the very basic foundation of a strong (yet wonderfully subtle) nyah drum in Yardie International's criminally under-voiced Selah riddim. The tune really should have been a hit and I remember hearing it back when it first dropped (which I believe would have been ~ 2002) on a demo recording and I was thoroughly impressed even back then. Had I not tracked it down and been enjoying for quite awhile, for me, the tune would have been quite a score for No Stress Express, as it is, I'm still very happy they included it, and if you have yet to hear it, definitely you might want to check out the album JUST for that, if not for anything else. Lastly (on the former singles) I'll mention Children Of His Majesty which, if for nothing else,  holds the distinction of flowing superbly over one of my favourite riddims of all time, Fat Eyes' Soldier riddim! I love the riddim and barely even remember Half Pint voicing it, (I kept singing Beres Hammond's I Love Jah when the riddim started). Probably of all the songs here (with the possible exception of Bless Us) Children of His Majesty showcases Half Pint the songwriter. The riddim itself almost ENCOURAGES the type of style at which Half Pint excels (I.e. the laid back roots) and he shines throughout crafting a beautifully worded gem of a tune which ultimately just places people into a single vibe where we all belong: As Children of His Majesty.The balance of No Stress Express is picked up by newer singles and exclusives. Of course the one which most caught my eye (and if you are a reggae fan, and you are, will most catch yours)  was Bad Boy which features none other than Sizzla Kalonji. Half Pint and Sizzla NEED a tune together! They just do. And while the tune doesn't exactly find either at the height of their powers (Sizzla, unsurprisingly chooses his more animated style) the song is still BIG and its mere presence here has probably already sold a few copies of the album. Similarly check Babylon Release The Chain which is a combination with rising New York Based, Spice Isle native, DJ Dollarman who really impresses alongside the legend. Dollarman has a VERY straight forward style which even, at times, almost comes to a powerful whisper and combining that with Half Pint's ultra laid back tones and you have a really strong tune, one of the strongest here altogether. And I'll be looking forward to future releases from Dollarman definitely, he just made a fan here. The album ends with an acoustic remix of Just Be Good alongside US songbird Miki Howard. The tune is harmless and just reinforces how much I like the original because its not normally the type of thing I would like and I have absolutely no problem with it at all.Overall, No Stress Express is definitely for the newer fans of Half Pint as I would imagine the real hardcore heads would have collected the gems here already (and if you're a bigger hardcore fan of Half Pint than I am, then you might have even done so on CD form already for most of the tunes). Still, with his relatively long absence from the scene, you may have not. But specifically to the newer fans this is a pretty good showcase and intro to one of the coolest, most appreciated and most talented reggae artists we've seen in quite awhile and as albums for the elder artists tend to go, this one is proving to be quite popular. Reggae music itself, in my opinion is THE no stress express and when a `conductor' such as Half Pint releases a new album, the entire reggae world takes a turn for the better.
Estoy de acuerdo con "J. Jurado", q paso roockie? este album tiene buen flow como siempre pero los ritmos no representan na' de panama. Sera q queria producir un album mas "bailable" para el mainstream.. ojala q se vuelva a sus raices con el proximo pa mantener su base original de escuchadores, que somo muchos!
This CD is a nice compilation of bossa nova styles. I think it's a good compilation if someone is looking for a mix of classic bossa nova (Aguas de Marco, Desafinado), instrumentals, vocal ensemble, etc.  It's a mix.  I personally like the classics with Astrud Gilberto and Joao.  While there are a few great classics on here, there were a few other styles that weren't necessarily &#34;my style&#34;.
Why is the price for eight songs $365.00?  I want to buy it but not at that price.  A typo, I hope.
I would have wanted to know before I purchased this music that my Amazon MP3 downloader would no longer download MP3s and albums and thAT THE NEW dOWNLOADER COULD NOT BE SAVED ON MY SYSTEM.  I do not know if I ill efer get to hear this album even though I have paid for it..  As a customer who looked forward to getting new Amazon MP3s on a daily basis and which is now lost to me I am very dissapointed.  I suppose the money I save each month will help ease my dissapointment to some extent because I do not like itunes applications and wont keep one on my computer.  Well I have many gigibits of music which I purchased from Amazon  and some of it is even backed up.  If I ever get to listen to this Album I may write a review because I love much of the good Brasilien music.
Although I think this is a decent way for beginners to learn about odd meter, its really way too simple for anyone with a basic understanding of rhythmic structure. It also has a very basic production value, sounding as though it could have been recorded in the guy's basement in a few nights. Which is fine, but not for a download that costs 9 bucks. Recommended for beginning musicians who want to learn the most basic of odd meter concepts, or didgeridoo players who want to expand their repertoire a bit. When you go beyond this, check out The Gateway To Rhythm - J. McLaughlin and S. Vinayakram.
The line could probably be drawn from this point directly to the doorstep in St. Mary of the legendary Ninjaman, the original baddest badman dancehall DJ. Ninjaman was (and arguably still is) the first DJ whose sole purpose of making music was to tout his gun as the absolute biggest in the lawn and do so to the point of viciously denouncing his peers. Ninjaman has made his name throughout his nearing three decades in the dancehall business as having one of the quickest wits and being one of the most clever artists and using it to deliver some of the biggest gun tunes and clash tunes the dance has ever seen. After Ninjaman `opened the gates' for the badman DJ literally dozens upon dozens of newer artists came pouring through, most would go unnoticed and ultimately vanish from the grand stage but there were several who stuck. Most notably and immediately adopting the style established by the Ninja was of course Mad Cobra. The Cobra initially emerged with a style which was almost (even by his own admission) DIRECTLY mirroring that of Ninjaman who was initially, obviously, his biggest source of inspiration. Ultimately, Cobra would go on to establish his own reputation, largely through his clashes with Ninjaman (and by my count he went 3-0 against the Ninja in live clashes) (Cobra is one of my favourite, I admit that I'm partial), as one of the craziest and most sickly talented bad man DJ's the dance has ever seen, and unlike Ninjaman, he also established himself internationally through a variety of hits, most notably, of course, Flex. But of course it didn't stop there, the one thing dancehall has traditionally (especially since the mid 1980's) loved more than women and sex is of course the gun and more and more talented youths would step up and literally PERFECT the art of deifying the gun and violence and doing so to push their own name. Next up was the artist who was definitely the most popular and well known of the bunch, Bounty Killa. Bounty somewhat changed the game even further than Mad Cobra as he was able to almost transcend the art of the gun tune and make it his own. I don't care who it is, how talented he is or even if `he' is even a she: Any artist who EVER shows a penchant for making big bad man (or woman) gun tunes (and I'm looking forward to the day when a female rises and just starts exploding with gun tunes left and right) in the dancehall from now until the end of time will be compared to Bounty Killa in one way shape or form. It is also worth mentioning that one of the biggest points with such an artist is the challenges and where Ninjaman had challenges from the likes of Cobra, Shabba Ranking and even Supercat (who himself was an idol to Ninjaman) Bounty has in some way, shape or form battled nearly every prominent artist of the past two decades or so (including Ninjaman), most notably Beenie Man and a (brief) wicked bad man DJ in his own right by the name of Merciless. The Killa would ultimately lay the mantel of the maddest gun man currently on the scene to the next likeliest candidate and member of his own group, Vybz Kartel. The art actually changed with Kartel as he would draw critique from nearly every corner of the dancehall community and for his part, not care none at all. Kartel's style of just being RIDICULOUSLY talented (to the point where during his `apprenticeship' he was writing tunes for the Killa) lyrically brought a dimension to the gunman tune never seen before and the search for someone who could step it up seemed pointless.Meet the step up. Much like Kartel before him, the oddly named Aidonia struck out making his name under the Killa while aligning himself with one of the most supremely talented and crucial young producers in the dancehall (in the case of Kartel it was, of course, Don Corleone), Cordel `Scatta' Burrell (more on that in a bit). Aidonia's case was unusual in a sense because he actually did something that I would almost refer to as `streamlining' his range. Where Kartel was once criticized for being somewhat of a one (or two) trick pony because if it was guns or girls or ganja, he wasn't talking about it; Aidonia actually stopped talking about a variety of things and in the process `armed' himself with one of the CRAZIEST styles of delivery I have EVER seen anywhere. Kartel, at his best, says things and says them in a flow which makes the listener truly appreciate the skill involved, albeit you may not like what he ahs to say at all, but you can definitely appreciate the delivery if nothing else. Aidonia on the other hand, at his best, almost elicits laughter, his style is a mix of the brevity and adeptness of Kartel mixed with the hardedge of the Killa. The result is an almost overbearing style of flow and pattern of gun tune which almost seems before its time, I cannot tell you how many people (usually older) I have heard say something to the effect of `Aidonia is talented, but I can't understand one word he says'. Now, Aidonia stands alongside the equally adept Busy Signal (who had actually fallen out of favour with me until his mid to late 2007 saw his unregistered talent seemingly return him to where it had once taken the ST. ANNS! native) and dancehall's reigning one trick pony, singer Mavado. Then, however, at the beginning of his career, working for Scatta, things were a bit more simple for Aidonia, as he registered with tunes which were much more of a danceable and bouncy nature which saw his popularity progress in the typical fashion expected for the projection of a young and obviously very talented young artist. Having since split with Scatta (very nastily and publicly) Aidonia was locked in somewhat of a bidding war to see just who would provide the world with his much anticipated debut album, with Busy and Mavado having already debuted and a slew of his more rootical peers likewise, it is NOW Aidonia's turn (and Munga`s) (which would apparently come with VP as they have since bought the next likely label in Greensleeves).BUT, Scatta apparently had different ideas as he himself digs in the vault to deliver Aidonia's debut album, COMPLETELY built on the strength of the songs which the pair recorded together (and did I mention how NASTY their split was with Aidonia refusing to sign a deal with the brilliant producer). The album, Then & Now is almost, oddly enough, somewhat of an old greatest hits album for Aidonia but it doesn't really give a great account of what the artist has become today. Like many of his peers these days, Aidonia (really Scatta) has taken the Japanese route for the album as well as Jamdown in the West. Then & Now opens with the song which not only gives the closest representation of what Aidonia sounds like today, but also the album's strongest tune overall. If you can recall the ridiculously solid, dark and murky vibed Scatta riddim Kartel employed for Gunz Like These, it is the same riddim used for Breeze On You and the tune outshines that of Aidonia's self proclaimed `Daddy' Vybz Kartel. Still, if you have never heard Aidonia today, a listen to Breeze On You offers merely a starting point, take exactly what you hear on the tune an multiply it and amplify it several degrees and you'll have a pretty decent idea of what he sounds like now. Still, Breeze On You is absolutely dominant on Then And Now, providing the strongest interpretation from `Then' of the `Now' with the heavy heavy gun track. Definitely check it out and I don't know any other album the song is on (although, EXACTLY like early Kartel, Aidonia is good for one or two new mixtape releases every month, so it undoubtedly has reached at least a dozen or so of those by now). Following Breeze On You is one of the combinations on the album  the VERY pleasant 4 Di Girls featuring singer Strat Don. To my knowledge, Strat was at one point (and may still be) a favourite of Scatta (and it would then make sense that he voiced the Jamdown riddim for Danger Zone which is the home of former Scatta partner Ce'cile). The tune is EXACTLY the type of song which you WON'T hear from Aidonia these days, but it shows he has the capability of making a bouncier style of vibes and 4 Di Girls, which is about what the title would suggest of course, shows he has that range. Finishing up the opening and perhaps offering a bigger taste of the `NOW' portion is the insanely intense Corner Dem. Corner Dem is very hype, yet still dialed back a bit from Aidonia now, but the flow is evident from the very first verse with the word play which almost ALWAYS seems to paint Aidonia into an inescapable `corner', only to watch him continue to flow along as if nothing has changed. And it hasn't, Corner Dem is along the same vibes of the type of WICKED gun tunes you'll hear from the artist today.The most interesting aspect of Then & Now in my opinion is definitely the various change-ups on the album, represented in songs the type of which are now virtually devoid from Aidonia's arsenal. Definitely standing out at the head of the list is Ma Aidonia. I've heard the artist on more than one occasion mention that out of all his tunes, his own favourite was this song which is his dedication to his mother. The song flows over a one-drop and, although, it has Aidonia's signature cutting type of style, it definitely shows another possible dimension, one which I would LOVE to hear explored on a pure roots type of  vibes these days (he even SINGS on the bridge). The other really different types of vibes here is Good Evening which is a combination with dancehall QUEEN, Nadine Sutherland. The tune was originally Sutherland's own solo record but Aidonia definitely adds a nice spice to the PURE dance track. And I'll mention the album's closer which is also the title track, a BIG BIG combination with Strat Don returning again, but, at least on Aidonia's end, the song is much more of the same vibes on which he is on now.Another big peace of strength for Then & Now is the fact that it contains two of Aidonia's earliest hits with both Buss Di Eagle and Lolly. If I remember correctly there actually two versions of the tune, with the later version being on the Crystal Water riddim, this is (I THINK) the first version which was Scatta's and Chester Walker's. Regardless, for Aidonia's part he offers another high-tech, well targeted (at times downright evil) and on point big gun tune, exactly his calling card. Lolly, on the other hand, is far more playful in vibes. The tune actually might be the first tune I ever heard from the DJ and is one of his biggest hits to date still. Flowing over the crazily addictive and well done Irish Dance riddim from Scatta. For my opinion, Ce'cile's Teddy Bear rain the riddim but there is no greater word play than Aidonia's fiercely clever (and fiercely x-rated) Lolly, despite the fact that Beenie Man (twice), Vybz Kartel and even Elephant Man all reached the riddim with tunes. While there a few tunes here that aren't exactly on point, the only two REAL mistakes here are Man A Star and Straight Happiness, both of which are the children (or 'victims') of Scatta's over-experimental (and downright awful) Inevitable riddim. The song reaches me in much the same way as the Wipeout riddim which was easily one of my least favourite riddims of all time (and the Inevitable isn't far behind) as it steers its way completely out of the dancehall and straight into some bubblegum pop Euro club (meaning not too far from that Barbie Girl song). Thus, even though Aidonia's flows remain sharp, especially on Straight Happiness, the shenanigans behind the scene definitely make it hard to listen to on both tracks.Overall, I'm only recommending this for fans of the artists and fans who really weren't paying attention on Aidonia's way up the ladder. To newer fans, definitely wait the year or so for his. . . OTHER debut album which will, presumably, be far more accurately representative of who Aidonia is. The artist himself has mentioned that he was actually working with young Stephen McGregor on his debut album, but little did he know what his former boss had up his sleeves. Then & Now, while solid, its just a rather brief and early taste of the true skills of dancehall's new bad guy. Aidonia follows a line of artists from his current mentor in Vybz Kartel to his former in Bounty Killa, leading all the way back Ninjaman and while Then and Now does a fine job of showing THEN; NOW is a much different case, he is truly in a different league.
There are and have been quite a few artists on the Reggae scene in my memory who almost seem to have a certain thing `missing' in them which either keep them from being top notch or just keep them from being amongst my own personal favourites consistently. These are artists in SHARP contrast to those who simply don't have talent or any usefulness at all in the game really (meaning you aren't about to see the names Alozade or Bling Dawg coming up here anytime soon); these names simply are either lacking in one area or another or they have such a UNIQUE version of something either the masses or myself aren't used to, to the point where it may TANGIBLY keep them from `catching on' more, but they definitely have more than simply a marginal space in the music. For example, for me personally one of the greatest `crimes' committed in the dancehall over the past decade or so is the fact that the SUPREMELY talented Mega Banton just can't seem to keep himself around long enough for any length of time to re-establish himself. It almost seems as if he plans a vacation every other year (with each vacation lasting more than the year or so which it follows). I have nary a doubt that should he be able to do that (although, honestly his most productive days may have past for him at this point) he could be amongst the most popular artists in the game even by today's standard. Another similar example would be Determine. Although I feel the opportunities and avenues to success and stardom for him would have been slightly less than those for Mega (considering the fact that you now see in artists like Sizzla and Anthony B, the downright RIDICULOUS level of activity it takes for one to remain viable in Jamaica's roots Reggae scene as opposed to the rather 'forgiving' dancehall, at times). There are even more popular examples of this as well. What if Jah Cure never had to make an extended stay in prison for all of those years? Would the hitmaker be an even bigger star than he is now? What if Gyptian's lyrical ability caught up with EVERY OTHER facet of his skills? What if Norris Man could show a bit more consistency? What if Tiwony DELIVERED in English more times? What if Papa Touwtjie hadn't left us and I don't know what's going on with Junior Kelly, consider his lack of ascension into the stratosphere of Reggae music to be the fault of us, the fans. Really if all (or at least some) of these questions could be answered, even more than it is now, Reggae music would be taken over the musical world, worldwide.Here what we have is a case of delivery AND ONLY delivery. Meet Jahson Ites. Not `burdened' with Aidonia's seemingly endless blind raging to nowhere in particular, Collie Buddz' curious accent (which isn't really curious at all and I found the focus on the Bermy's accent to be WAY more odd than the accent itself) or even Capleton's propensity to BURP in the middle of his tunes is Jahson Ites. Actually, for that matter, he isn't `burdened' at all, he just sounds VERY different! Typically that is quite forgivable (see Chezidek), but the strangeness doesn't stop there, however, as there are a bit of a few VERY DIFFERENT things happening on what we find ourselves here for today, his debut album, Forward Outta Babylon for DJ Sticky's, Sick Donkey Records, a label based in the state of Washington in the States. I hadn't previously had direct contact with the label and, of course whenever that corner of the earth comes up in the context of Reggae music, its typically south of Washington in the Reggae WEALTHY state of California; but  I had actually come in the know of a VERY strong artist by the name of Adrian Xavier and unbeknownst to me, Xavier is also from that area and is apparently quite closely associated with Jahson Ites and Sick Donkey as well (he actually plays on Forward Outta Babylon). I have more than one Adrian Xavier album laying about and have had for the last year or so (including on very nice live one) and if he were any kind of example of the vibes that were coming out of Washington (an apparently he was) then Forward Outta Babylon could be something REALLY to look forward to. And it was. MUSICALLY speaking this album is TOP NOTCH throughout, and as I mentioned, it takes more than just a couple of turns and twists and even when it does that (even when I don't necessarily like it) the musicianship and the production still remains at near the highest level (which is saying a great deal when you can impress me even when I'm not really feeling a tune). Now about the delivery! I don't think its his accent at all (considering that I lived in the States for almost a decade and I'm married to an American) (AND I listen routinely to artists who just don't speak English at all) but the way Jahson Ites puts it together . His voice sounds like he's trying to talk loud, but not TOO loud, at it's base, but it goes a few different places as well and that's just the tone. Jahson also has a kind of a rappy type of vibe which is just. . . WEIRD and he pulls that out a couple of times as well. I give you this information with a bit of a caveat as you may very well appreciate his style (and I may even grow to appreciate it, I'm still working on it!) which would make Forward Outta Babylon certainly an even more enjoyable experience for you. Luckily, besides Jahson Ites' vocal prowess is the only thing questionable here, which I'm definitely not calling him amongst the masters of the craft, his lyrical ability is primarily on point throughout the album and he also has the (unfortunately) RARE ability of conveying a personality in his vibes which is something which tends to be reserved for just a few artists (namely Natural Black and Jash Mason these days); meaning that he, usually, sounds as if he is having a VERY GOOD time singing these songs, which should be  the case always, right? The results here are mixed for Forward Outta Babylon, as I mention, but big credit goes to Ites and Sick Donkey for giving about as good of an effort and commitment as possibly imaginable.Oddly enough (as if you needed anything else odd) Jahson Ites is the third of three Jahson's I know of. There's another US based Reggae/Hip-Hop artist (who is actually pretty good) and a next very talented youth, Rippa Jahson, from out of Kingston, so don't be mistaken here (AND, of course, there`s also Jah Sun from out California as well). The tune which opens things on Jahson Ites' debut album Forward Outta Babylon, Down In Babylon is probably the best choice to open, although not the best tune (although not far from it) on the album. The riddim on Down In Babylon is SPARKLING! If you've ever heard something from super producer/artist/musician/performer/arranger/engineer Tuff Lion from out of St. Croix, that's the levels of the vibes on this tune. MASSIVE! For his part, strange sounding and all, Jahson brings a nice message going through just a few of the MANY ills of society and the troubles we all face daily. Next up is the very bouncy and FUN vibed tune, New Day. This tune features Jahson in an almost exaggerated version of that rappy style which I mentioned. The tune goes pretty much ALL OVER THE PLACE (the chorus literally sounds like a different tune altogether when it starts) and were this an artist I were more familiar with this is were I would say "It almost sounds like a complete freestyle". One CRAZY sounding tune. Then there is STANDING FIRM. This tune is the one which ultimately drew me to this album (through some behind the scenes stuff) as it is featured on a RIDICULOUS riddim from Sick Donkey named after it which Lutan Fyah absolutely DESTROYS with his tune Watch Over Me (which you can find on his most recent album, Africa). This tune, like every other on the riddim is pretty much `doomed' having to follow Watch Over Me (although I'm looking forward to hearing Ras Attitude try to avoid the `curse'), but Jahson definitely delivers one of the best tunes on his album altogether with the riddim. Standing Firm, the tune, is pretty BIG in its own right; completing an opening which given all its directions is a very fitting intro to the very interesting Jahson Ites.The contrast between the more straight forward Reggae tunes and the others (the majority of which are Hio-Hop vibed to my ears) is also quite interesting, again, despite the fact that I don't like some of them. One tune I definitely don't LIKE is One Of These Days which is a downright HUGE vibe and the single standout tune on Forward Outta Babylon altogether. Here, Jahson actually uses that crazy delivery (the tune sounds like The Beetles meet Reggae at times) to his benefit as I've probably NEVER heard anything like this one. Combine that with a SWEET SWEET complex one-drop backing it and you have the undisputed class of the album. HUGE tune! Staying on the Reggae side for a bit, also check the tune Easy Vibe which has another Tuff Lion-ish type of production. My appreciation for this one is almost on a PURELY rhythmic level as Easy Vibe doesn't feature Jahson at his best (or maybe it does for all I know), but that riddim is world class! A better version of Jahson is present on the tune which immediately follows Easy Vibe, That's Rastafari and it comes equipped with some very nice horns (which is a similarity it shares with Standing Firm although it isn't on that level) as well. This tune, probably above any other on the album, has a very nice LIVE quality to it and I would imagine it would be even stronger in that form (especially later on the tune where Jahson delivers one of his most impressive DJ/Chanting stretches on the album. Warmonger, although it has like a `folksy' type of vibe (it sounds like that new school Ska you hear coming from California sometimes), is also a very strong selection with a very nice anti-war and anti-violence message which is definitely something we can (or at least SHOULD) be able to support and relate to. Also check Vulture, a slap to all the bad minded and `anti-well-wishers' which is kind of between Reggae and. . . Something else, but definitely caught my attentions. NOW, for the zaniness: First check the tune RASPECT which I guess might be a Hip-Hop vibe (I think you could also maybe call it `garage') and it again features that strange rappy delivery from Jahson, this one sounds like something directly from the UK, definitely not on my vibes, but like I said, I can still respect the track, musically speaking its pretty decently done. Nah Murdah is about as close to a Dancehall vibe that you'll hear on Forward Outta Babylon which, at least to my (BIASED) ears Jahson does better at than the Hip-Hop sounding tunes, unsurprisingly. I actually got into this one as a nice changeup after a few listens as the vibes here got to me on another strong anti-violence tune. That is in direct contrast on my tastes to the tune Focus Ya Mind which is a pretty straight forward conscious Hip-Hop (the aforementioned contrast being from almost straight forward dancehall to almost straight forward Hip-Hop) tune. I've long ago turned in my tastes for Hip-Hop on any kind of consistent basis, but Focus Ya Mind is actually pretty good for what it is. Then there's Giving Thanks & Praise which features Adrian Xavier (NEVER been so happy to hear his voice than on this one). The tune is a Hip-Hop/Dancehall hybrid (riddim is KNOCKING at times) which is pretty unexceptional but for an album DESPERATELY in need of a combination the praising tune serves its purpose. Rasta Things uses a very Marley-esque introduction for the tune but it never really develops much past that. The tune, for the entire, duration comes in with a building vibe but whatever it builds never really EXPLODES, on a tune which ALMOST got you where you needed to be and made you WALK the last little bit. Forward Outta Babylon goes out with the radio edit of One Of These Days which is very similar to the original (as are ALL radio edits), apparently Jahson and Sick Donkey just wanted to give you something special in case you work at a radio station and felt like spinning the best tune on the album.Overall, as downright retarded as this may sound (and it will), unless I'm COMPLETELY off base about Jahson Ites' delivery AND the overall variety of the vibes on the album, then I have to say I don't think they did enough CRAZY things with Forward Outta Babylon. It could have DEFINITELY used a few more combinations (PRIME example of an album in need of a feminine touch somewhere in there) if you were going to mix up the vibes anyway, then go that extra step. They could have even included some straight instrumentals and/or some dubs as well. When you deal with such an interesting and unique artist as Jahson is you can either PUSH that uniqueness or haul it in and focus it on one point, especially in Reggae and given that this is his first effort, in all likelihood Jahson, should he stick around, will either develop into a more pinpointed artist (and the talent is there) or he will, essentially, perfect being strange. What you have in Forward Outta Babylon is a young artist EITHER still trying to find where he fits in or working to build a place entirely of his own! Credit goes to DJ Sticky, Jahson and Steffen Franz (who works quite a bit of the album) for pushing the debut album of an artist in Jahson who, if he is so inclined, will have a place in Reggae music. Strange voice and all.
These are great mantras and stotra's, but they are not soothing music (at least to me.)As other reviewer pointed, to western listeners, who dont understand whats in the words, they would be a cacophony. The rhythm and power of Sanskrit sholka's is there, but since its not soft female voice I wouldnt recommend it for general play, but only in solitude and in pooja/worship room.
Cas Haley had me glued to the television set during America's Got Talent.  He was magnificent.  His debut song on the show, "Walking on the Moon", was absolutely brilliant.  While Terry Fator was a great ventriloquist and performer, I felt that Cas deserved the win more.  He came across as a sensitive, grateful musician and a loving husband and father.  He was always humble and gracious and talented.I never, however, understood why the judges were so insistent on Cas singing reggae.  I felt that he really showcased his vocal ability when he went outside the genre and pushed the envelope.  His performance of Sam Cooke's "Bring it on Home" was sensational, and his Stevie cover of "Sir Duke" was incredible.  Yet both times the judges recommended he stick to his vibe and go back to reggae.  I believe that pressure maintained after the show and followed him into the studio.The covers we are familiar with are solid.  The acoustic "Walking on the Moon" is far better than the version with full instrumentals.  "Easy" is also fantastic.  But beyond that the songs are far too one-dimensional!  The subject matter is all the same...LOVE.  And lyrically I found the album to be almost entirely insipid.  Cas, my man, you've got far too much ability to pigeonhole yourself into this style of music.  I love the reggae sound, but you do NOT need to fill an entire album with it.  Branch out.  Cover some Allmans, some Stevie, some good solid funk.  I will forever support you and buy your material because you are just..that..good.  But do your listeners a favor and brush off the Hollywood suits.  Do your own thing.
It may be $ .99 for the download, but i was deceived! I didn't even get the whole song :( I didn't purchase the "Pista". Too bad I can't return a song.
Bought the album and found a few errors... not sure if its lost on anyone else who purchased it.'The Storm' is the EXACT SAME SONG as 'Korobeiniki'!'Songs from the Civil War' is actually 'Partisan''On the Road' is better known as 'Let's Go!'I am actually wondering if I purchased the right product supporting the right people...May want to check out the other collection also available on Amazon.The Best Of The Red Army Choir.
I know alittle background on this GUY so I'm cutting this album alittle slack. For those who don't know, Stick Figure is a one man show, that's right he writes & plays all the instruments on the album.  Now I acknowledge the creativity & talent it must take to do something like this, but to me it falls short of what it could've been had he even had a half way decent band behind him.  Knowing this I gave this album 3 stars, but under normal circumstances it would've been a 2 star.  The whole album sounds mono-tone & the vocals sound like he was holding back his voice level as to not disturb someone.  The whole album sounds like an audition, great concepts, but unfinished.  I just hope this guy can put his ego aside & let some more people in, otherwise he could end up being one of the greater wastes of talent I've heard in awhile.
A Slice Of Heaven-Music CD Feat. Summer Angel; In Stores Now! Summer Angel's musical perception and approach to her chosen music -genre, Attracts the inclusion of specially handpicked performers who so Ably added to strength and embellishment of her SOLO Album which is now released, and currently in stores!..
It would be quite interesting if you could to take a trip throughout all the various small and non-descript islands of the Caribbean and take a look at specifically what new and virtually undiscovered reggae talent they have. Due to the overall force of reggae music we are now seeing just as many young artists taking the turn to due reggae (and particularly roots reggae) as you see taking up the soca mantle which has  for years, outside of Jamaica and on the more soca heavy islands, had a stronghold and a virtual assembly line of young artists all over (and it still basically does).  For example, I've been particularly enjoying what St. Lucia has been doing over the years with several solid names representing in the vibes and at the top having the wickedly laid back Taj Weekes and Adowa and Meshach  and Wevolusion truly making some world class rootical vibes (especially Weeks and Adowa at the moment, check their current release Diedem). And while many would be VERY familiar with the various big names originating throughout the Virgin Islands, lesser names from places not known to be exactly reggae hotbeds; Names such as the wicked Empress from out of Virgin Gorda in the BVI, Sistah Joyce and longtime roots veterans Inner Visions band from St. Johns. More names still! Check both Ijah Menelik (nephew of legendary kaiso The Mighty Arrow) and the scathingly wicked Ras Iyahkayah (so wicked he is that he recently attracted the attention of Sizzla Kalonji whose Judgment Yard is serving as one of Iyah's bases of operation for recording) from out of Montserrat, one of the most beautiful, yet unassuming places you'll find on earth definitely representing in reggae music as well. I'd also point to names such as Ossie Dellimore from out of St. Vincy, the late and great Papa Touwtjie from Suriname, longtime wicked kompa/dancehall artist from Haiti Top Adlerman and I could go on and on (and I will)! I would also have to represent for my home away from home as here in St. Maarten and we also have names to watch out for, namely veteran Dread I, who supposedly has quite a following in the UK as well as young Ambassador Junior Lion from the French part of the island who definitely has star potential written all over him and is seeking to follow in the footsteps of the island's greatest reggae champion, Nasio Fontaine (and I would definitely say he has a nice chance to do so when the masses hear his vibes, some of the strongest (albeit it very RAW) roots vibes going outside of Jamaica now). And I won't even begin to get into what's going on throughout the French West Indies where, although French Soca (at least to my knowledge) has yet to take off, French dancehall and reggae are producing names such as Admiral T, Krys, Lady Sweety and Tiwony destined to become household names in the vibes. Still, oddly enough, it is the undisputed home of soca where you would probably find the most consistently wicked wicked underground reggae artists from outside of Jamaica in the Caribbean.You could of course make the case for St. Croix and the extended VI being THE home of underground roots (very interesting for this specific case), but if you are seeking a basic replica of the vibes spinning in Jamaica (also meaning English speaking), you should definitely look to Trinidad. While still having yet to produce a bonafide star  to the reggae mainstream, you have to give the southern island its credit for consistency. While you would definitely know it as the home of soca stars such as Machel Montano, Bunji Garlin and Destra and its well documented history of Calypso, you might not know it to be the home of Khari Kill, Marlon Asher, the peerless Queen Omega and most recently Jamelody. So high is the reggae world on the island, perhaps, that the largest Caribbean label in the world, VP Records invested a great deal into the career of Jahmelody (check his impressive, albeit uneven, debut Be Prepared). Also both Kill and Asher have scored MASSIVE international hits to date with their Picture of Selassie and Ganja Planter respectively, while the young veteran Queen Omega (in my opinion) is the most skilled of the bunch and represents for the women to a seemingly unmatched degree. One of the new artists on the scene seeking to match the Queen is now Empress Cherisse. Cherisse is a VERY interesting case in her music, largely because what you will hear from her and throughout her debut album, Serenity, is pretty much what you would hear in the Virgin Islands as, although coming from Trinidad where the vibes have a much more Jamaican twist, she voices a style which is exclusively the VI style. What is the VI style? It is a much more straight forward style of vibsing  one which fans would call a more classical roots style and critics would call 'mechanical' (I'm directly in the middle: When its done right it definitely has that classical vibes, but when it goes wrong, the flares and spices can be terribly difficult to find in the vibes, more on that in a bit). The previously unknown to me Empress Cherisse apparently has the style because having moved away from her home and relocated to the states (as many Trini artists tend to do for some reason or another, even the soca artists) and aligned herself for her debut with Vibrance The Arts, which is a label and musical experience headed by one Arif Anwar, himself a St. Croix native (thus the sound I suppose). The thing I often say of Virgin Island reggae music is that it is STRICTLY for the roots heads as I would imagine any other type of fan would quickly tire of the vibes (and I've seen it happen) and perhaps there is no greater example of this as in Empress Cherisse's Serenity. I'll say it right now, if you don't REALLY REALLY like roots reggae music, then you needn't even stop on this page, this isn't the album for you AT ALL. However, if you are able to appreciate the VERY small and subtle changes in the vibes then what you'll find is Serenity can perhaps be regarded as one of the strongest debuts which reached in 2007 altogether.If you've never heard Empress Cherisse's sound before I would almost liken her to a female version of much respected St. Croix singer Army. She has a VERY smooth tone which has led many to refer to she as the Sade of reggae music based on the internationally famous r&b; singer Sade. While she still has a lifetime of music to go before she reaches that level, what she has done to start with is impressive. She also has an aspect of her music which is quite rare and underrated in that she has an ability to make a song sound like she is singing it to ONE person and in this case, Serenity is a 100% very rootical and very personal effort. Getting things started for Serenity is the beautifully woman empowering Queen Omega (with no specific ode to the artist of the name). The tune shows a slightly higher tone in Cherisse's voice throughout than the one she employs throughout the  majority of the balance of Serenity. The message of the tune is very important and specifically seeks to strengthen women through Rastafari and I always love it when an artist makes a song about women which shows a bigger vibe than just `treat her right because its good to do'. That's obvious, but she draws the connection that woman is actually life and life is Rastafari (as she says, "Empress are the cornerstones of this world"), definitely powerful message. Next up is Warrior Princess a song which won for me when I first heard the very nice nyah drum at the beginning of the tune before the vocals kicked in and it changed the vibe ever so slightly (due to the fact that the backing of Queen Omega is entirely acoustic). The overall composition of the vibes is very nice and isn't very unlike something you would hear coming out of Tuff Lion's studio (who actually plays on the album). Warrior Princess is definitely one of my favourite tunes on the album altogether as it plays a message which is one so unique, besides a few tunes over the years, I can't remember if I have EVER heard a song on the specific topic. The tune speaks to women to join the battle against babylon alongside their fathers and brothers, spiritually, mentally and even physically if needed. Cherisse says the wonderful line in the first verse, "I never used to wear camouflage and khaki suits but I wear them now!". The tune is just powerful. Closing the opening of Serenity is Love & Honor one of the sweetest and best feeling vibes on the album. Love & Honour is a tune which exemplifies what I mean when I say Empress Cherisse has the ability to personalize her vibes. The tune comes off as she is simply singing to the listener alone! The message here is one of devotion to His Imperial Majesty and praising him in times of good and bad. Interestingly enough, there is a very brief stretch in the middle of the tune which, sans vocals, is instrumental and I thought it was a very nice add from Anwar.My absolute favourite tune on Serenity is probably the VERY clever obligatory herbalist tune here Grabba'. Its one of the tunes where Cherisse shows a bit of spice and attitude as she flows through the song sort of quietly DEMANDING the herb. And while I wouldn't exactly cast Empress Cherisse in the mold of artists such as Luciano and Anwar's compatriot Batch, as artists consistently making MASSIVE herb anthems (at least not yet) she does show a very nice ability to turn phrases throughout the tune and at times even bordering on humour. Overall, however, the tune is a very nice piece and one which, in my opinion, slightly give Serenity a bit of character and personality apart from its ultra-straight forward nature. The title track here is another ear-catching vibes which is downright delightful. Sounding like something directly out of Dezarie's catalogue (which is whom, ultimately, Cherisse is likely to be compared to most and not Queen Omega, due to her style, she has a way to go on that stretch, but is solid still). Serenity the tune is a divine journey of a tune which just really hits on a spiritual vibes and does so in a manner which makes it completely a nice choice to be the title of this album (as does the overall `serene' nature of the album's vibes). The tune just speaks of the beauty of the world and the extended world due to His Majesty. I really might have loved to see it open the album, however, regardless its definitely a big track and probably my third favourite overall (after Grabba' and Warrior Princess). On paper two songs here catch the eye (outside of the title track of course) the first is the curiously titled Heart of A Lioness which even more sounds like something Dezarie would voice and that's definitely to Cherisse's credit. The song is easily one of the most vibrant on the album (which is a difficult compliment to lay here) as Cherisse ever so slight stretches her range, using it to deliver a message to all of the female warriors showing just as much bravery (and even more so) and will as her male counterparts. The tune speaks of overstanding such a woman, not just lifting her up on a pedestal, but truly overstanding her, definitely a lovely vibes. The other tune here which really got my attention just reading about it was Searching. As I mentioned, the tune Warrior Princess is one which sounded like much valued VI guitarist/producer/artist Tuff Lion might have played on and Searching is one on which he actually DOES. To my knowledge, Lion is currently based in Virginia in the states which would make him relatively close to the North Carolina based Cherisse and Vibrance The Arts. The tune is definitely top notch and its very polished nature doesn't go unnoticed, neither does the ever so slight shift in the vibes (not to say Anwar's own production isn't polished because it definitely is, Lion, however, has a very unique and matured style to his vibes). The album ends with the only official combination alongside Arnwar himself (who apparently has a band in Carolina by the name of Anchants on which he is the lead vocalist). Coming this late in the album it is VERY refreshing to hear another voice in the vibes, still it is Cherisse who shines brightest in the tune, her first appearance on the tune being easily one of the album's most memorable moments.Overall, I cannot stress this enough: If you aren't someone who ALREADY has a great appreciation of the vibes of roots reggae music then you can pass right over Serenity it most definitely isn't for you, nor is it for you if you would like to get started enjoying the vibes. This one is strictly for the WELL entrenched roots heads whose biggest complaint of the album might be its rather brief ten tracks (although four of the tunes check in at over five minutes, with the title track being over six and just two under four minutes long). Still, although I claim to be 51% roots heads, I cannot deny; if ever I longed to hear Capleton jump in somewhere casting fire on all things big and small (although in this case, Bunji Garlin might be the better candidate), Serenity would be the time. Still, as it is Empress Cherisse crafts a very nice piece of work on her debut Serenity and I'll definitely be interested in what she reaches with next time.
Knowing Frank Colon as a percussionist, I bought this album hoping for some great percussion highlights. Unfortunately, what I got was a latin-jazz album that sounds as though it were designed specifically with the 'smooth jazz' crowd in mind. By this I mean that it is fairly bland, not at all experimental, long on sax solos and short on percussion. Why do I have to listen to a 4 minute alto sax solo so that I can hear the 15 second cuica solo that I really bought the album for? I don't get it, really. However, if you are a smooth jazz fan who likes a little latin flavor played by good musicians, this may be for you. If you are going for percussion, this is the wrong album for you.
I was hoping for music with a lot more ethnic flair to it. There is some, to be sure, but it isn't as great as I had hoped. It's much more "dance" than Persian, but even in that capacity a lot of the songs are a bit on the slow side.If you want music that's more fun and danceable, I give it to the Turks and Indians. Turkish Pop and Bollywood are much more fun!
(3.5stars)Call it a case of maturation or call it a case just paying bad attention but I suddenly have a closet full of older reggae albums (in particular roots reggae albums) which I had previously left for dead which are now suddenly starting to grow on me. Typically when I get a new piece, unless I REALLY am looking forward to it, I'll let it `simmer' (meaning sit around and do nothing) for a while before really digging into and I literally have a walk in closet FULL of old albums which will probably never leave the closet, unless its for research purpose. However, now that I find myself having a LOT of free time, I, almost daily, pick one to actually give a proper listen than the once-over I gave them at purchase. The old saying about roots reggae music is that it's time is `longer than twine' which basically means that the music may produce the type of vibes which are somewhat time delayed for the listener and eventually that vibes can never die. For me, there have been quite a few albums which feel into that category. Most notably was Bunny Wailer's legendary Blackheart Man which was an album which I (STUPIDLY) for pretty much my entire time as a teenager had as a fairly boring experience but when I got older I realized it's truly ridiculous power and were I to honestly create a list of the top ten reggae albums of all time period (and I just might), the list would be incomplete and incorrect if it didn't includes Bunny's opus. As of more recent times the definitive choice of albums which have gone directly from the closet to my regular rotation was an album named Holding Firm by St. Croix chanter Ras Attitude. When I originally received the piece it was honestly just FAR too smart for me, my ears just hadn't acquired the PATIENCE required to really enjoy the album and I bought it and ultimately gave it away to someone. When I got it again to give it another listen just a year or two later, I was absolutely amazed! Holding Firm was seriously high level reggae which may have been a bit ahead of its time as it was, perhaps, Attitude's least talked about project to date after its release (this, despite the virtual dream team in production who worked on it). I would also mention (and VERY fittingly in this case) an album from Anthony B by the name of My Hope. I received the Euro version of the album, which, if I recall correctly was released some two or three months before it was in the west, and when it was finally released in the west, I gave it another listen only to discover that it was quite possibly one of the ultra-active Bobo's best albums to date overall. While I definitely consider myself to have at least decent tastes, I have just missed the boat on some of these!Add yet another name to my list now as the latest disc to crawl out of my closet and into my players and make me feel so foolish for missing out for all these past few years is Taffari's solid Addicted to Music. For my part, I did have a pretty good reason for passing on it for so long, however. First and foremost, who is Taffari??? The artist who I know FAR better as the `TA' in production group and label Al.Ta.Fa.An. is  someone who is known to me better as a producer. If you were to tell me that Boris Silvera (Taffari's birth name) had a new riddim reaching the streets that would be one thing, were you to tell me that Taffari had a new album, I don't think I'd be too pressed to checking it out. Bad excuse #2 is the fault of the record company who released Addicted to Music initially, the German based Minor 7 Flat 5. Although I cannot blame the label for its promotion (for a European based label they have historically done a FINE job in promoting in the West) the label, at least for me, had suffered through a period of over-activity for such a small label, utilizing much of the same music for albums which were released every couple of months at LEAST. If I recall correctly I received Addicted to Music around the same time I received the ULTRA underwhelming Righteous Men from St. Mary chanter Al Pancho (that album was an album I enjoyed for about a week!) and had already been through pieces such as Turbulence's Different Thing, Tell It From the Heart from Luciano and even others still. After a cursory spin through the album I just let go of it, for a few years not exactly realizing the VERY solid material inside. What I apparently didn't take into account in terms of the vibes on Addicted to Music was that it was apparently an almost completely in-house production; Meaning that while it was an official M7F5 release, the lion's share of the production was done by AL.TA.FA.AN, which did set it apart from most other of the label's releases. Although AL.TA.FA.AN (which I'll now call ATFA) is one of the several labels from which M7F5 typically and historically has drawn its material from, in terms of riddims, Addicted to Music has a SLIGHTLY different vibes from the other releases which is a good thing as I've looooong tired of anything bearing the M7F5 imprint! If you've never heard Taffari's vibes before (and there's a good chance that you haven't), he is somewhat of a unique purely roots singer. His voice is unusual to me and I can't exactly say which singer he sounds like. He has a bit of the Mykal Rose/Yami Bolo wail to his voice, but he also has a bit of that loud Everton Blender style of vibes as well. Actually, now that I think of it, the singer whom Taffari may closest resemble vocally is probably Mark Wonder (and there's a good chance that you may not have heard him either!). He sounds like a deeper toned version of Mark Wonder. The two actually have  a pretty close standing in reggae music as artists (Taffari's work as a producer definitely outweighs what he has done to date on the mic); two very respected but ultimately underappreciated high class roots singers. Addicted To Music is still Taffari's only album release to date as an artist and it is a VERY impressive and solid introduction to one of Jamaica's and reggae's best hidden talents.Again, because the album is, for the most part, a production of ATFA, you can expect some VERY solid and perhaps UNDERUSED riddims backing Taffari's sweet vocals (to date, ATFA`s biggest production has probably been the Tsahai riddim, which most notably backed Junior Kelly`s BIG hit Receive as well as strong tunes from Lutan Fyah, Chuck Fenda, Mark Wonder and Taffari, on a tune which isn't here). The overall vibes of the album is, as expected, straight forward roots, I was actually expecting something a bit different (due to the title perhaps), but what we do have is definitely respectable. Getting this started out here is the WONDERFUL title track which I recognized IMMEDIATELY as employing the same excellent bouncing vibes of a riddim which backed Lutan Fyah and Mark Wonder's big combination on Fyah's MASSIVE Phantom War album. The tune is also the title track of the riddim (the Addicted To Music riddim is a ATFA production of course) which so easily lays a very nice foundation for the album's introduction. Taffari doesn't exactly show all of his cards on the tune in terms of his overall abilities (and that's definitely not a critique at all), but what he does show is a vibes which belong more and more in the roots scope. Lyrically he uses the `music' as a literal preferred option over bad drugs and chemicals which are bad for you. The tune is just excellent and scores on so many levels and, as I mentioned, it doesn't even sound as if Taffari tries too hard on the tune which actually is a nice quality. Following the opener is Reggae Party which is a decent track. The tune, at least in my opinion, could have been one a bit more up-tempo, it would have been a PERFECT spot for the jump-up head bouncing vibes. But, as it is, Reggae party is a suitable track (definitely lyrically and vibesing speaking following a music praising opener). Following Reggae Party and closing out the opening of Addicted To Music is what is definitely my choice for Addicted To Music's finest  moment altogether the BIG anthem Rasta is the Highest. The tune is the first on the album which pushes vibes in much more of a purely rootical vibes, which is certainly Taffari's strength. It was actually at this point in the album when I REALLY got a grasp on Taffari's style: It NEVER appears that he's really trying too hard! That's just his style. That style rewards listeners never greater than it does on Rasta is the Highest which is a big praising tune for His Imperial Majesty and features wonderful instrumentation throughout, especially a very nice guitar. The tune is the one which got the most spins from me and it STILL does. Definitely check it!Highlighting Addicted to Music, at least on paper, are the three high profile reggae combinations. First up on the album (and in my opinion least impressive) is a tune with an ATFA favourite, Junior Kelly, Let There Be Peace. The tune just doesn't do ANYTHING for me outside of the message of course. It almost comes in with a one-drop which is SO laid back but bouncy that it has a COUNTRY vibes to it! You might actually like the song and I've never heard ANYONE else say anything similar to it, maybe its just me, but I don't feel it AT ALL! What I do feel COMPLETELY is one of the album's overall biggest tunes and the second combination here, Rise Up with Anthony B. Rise Up is a tune playing on ATFA's big and bad Immigration riddim which just impresses on so many levels. For his part, Taffari almost puts forth a PURE chanting style through the verses pushing a message that only the strong (and of course the RIGHTEOUS) have a hope to survive and prosper and Anthony B, his usual self, definitely adds nice spice to the vibes (it was also a highlight on Anthony B`s My Hope album). Lastly up is One Love, a combination with German reggae superstar Gentleman over the LUSH Flesh & Blood riddim. The song doesn't exactly reach the heights of Rise Up, but it doesn't matter none at all. The duo work strong together as is Gentleman's history (and Taffari's for that matter) pushing a very strong vibes for unification in the world today. A tune here on the balance of Addicted to Music which I think may be the second finest tune here (or maybe the third after Rasta is The Highest and Rise Up) is the very simple and low-key One Jah. Besides having backup singers (which is a staple of M7F5's production style), musically speaking the tune doesn't really have any special `frills' in the vibes. What it does have going for it is one of the strongest and most unique messages on the album. On the tune, Taffari once again pushes a unification vibes, but this time of religious and spiritual unification; he states that it doesn't matter whether you call HIM Jah, Buddah, Allah or Haile Selassie I, there is only ONE JAH! Definitely a big vibes! One to check for sure. I was also very impressed with a few tunes which come later in the project such as  Evil Eat Itself which plays itself on a nearly hypnotizing vibes. The tune is PROBABLY the closest Addicted to Music comes to having a definitive changeup in the vibes as its much more of a call to arms and marching type of rootical sound. The tune speaks of one choosing to stand with Jah (whatever you may call HIM) and watching the wicked ones fall, ultimately by their own hand. Even later is the CANNOT MISS nearly MAGICAL Nyahbinghi drum backed Break Down Babylon! I don't care who it is, if you are a roots singer and you are pushing an album, you NEED at least one Nyah drum tune. I love Break Down Babylon, besides the drum it has that old style of vibes and cadence which so plays to Taffari's strengths due to its laid back and rather `matter of fact' style of vibesing. Definitely check that one! The album ends with what may have been one of its bigger hits (per my memory I think it's the only tune here I've EVER heard on Caribbean radio) Devil's Angel. I'm not exactly fond of the tune, but it serves a void here (which is still a void, the album needed a dominant lover's track). Oh and I definitely recommend the addictive Terrible Now A Days, but I'm tired of the tune so I won't go on too much there!Overall, go check in your closet, you may already own Addicted to Music and not even know it! However, if you aren't so lucky, definitely check this one out if you are a fan of modern roots music. I can't exactly suggest newer listeners to the vibes check this one out as it might be too heavy for you to start (for that matter EVERY M7F5 production may be as well). But for the roots heads, you may actually find something spectacular here. While it doesn't reach to the heights of Anthony B's My Hope, Addicted to Music is definitely a fine introduction to an artist in Taffari who hopefully one of these days finds his way back into the booth from behind the production boards to make another album.
(3.5stars)It was WAY back in February of the year 2000 when UK giant reggae/dancehall label Greensleeves released installment number one of their now famed Rhythm Album Series. Up until that point, you had seen several labels, (generally fairly small in size and stature and almost ALL are gone these days) release such an album for modern dancehall but none REALLY stuck on and most were generally only given for a truly BIG riddim. Greensleeves changed that and after that first release, for Ward 21's LETHAL Bellyas riddim, the series has since soared to one of the most popular in the business period and tops out these days with the Warning Riddim, number 88 in almost nine years of the running series (incidentally, the year 2004 was the top in terms of prolificacy as it saw the series run from number forty seven to number sixty-six, twenty releases in all). Seemingly to answer that, the following January 2001, Greensleeves' largest competitor at the time, the US based VP Records launched its very own riddim album series which would come to be known as `Riddim Driven', with the double release on a single disc of the Chiney Gal riddim alongside the Blazing riddim (produced by Scatta and Ce'cile and Norman `Bulpus' Bryan, respectively). The main track of attention there was that the album at the time (and to my knowledge, almost eight years later is only one of two) was the ONLY official album which featured the aforementioned Ce'cile's breakout and controversial hit, Changez. Who could have guessed (not me) that all these years later the series would STILL be running and doing so (by my count), with its most recent addition, the To The World vol. 1 from producer Arif Cooper's Fresh Ear Productions checking in at a whopping number one-hundred-thirty-four! That's almost fifty more than the year older Greensleeves' Rhythm Album Series, despite the fact that the last three years (two in particular) have seen a SHARP drop in the number of Riddim Drivens released annually with 2008 only seeing three so far with none seemingly on the schedule again until 2009. The series has ingratiated itself SO MUCH into the landscape of reggae albums that should you find yourself in ANY record store in any corner of the world which carries a relatively decent amount of reggae: I can all but guarantee you the presence of some Bob Marley albums AND at least one copy of some obscure installment of one of the Riddim Driven releases. It is the type of thing that you really don't tend to pay attention to until it is gone as suddenly in ate 2007 I looked up and noticed that there weren't as many as there had been in prior years (the series peaked between 2002-2004 when twenty-one, TWENTY-SIX and twenty-two were released in those three years, respectively). And while I don't expect to see the days of twenty plus Riddim Drivens coming out of VP come back anytime soon or ever again. The series has definitely provided reggae and dancehall album buying fans some great vibes and thrills in its nearly eight year history.So that kind of brings up the question of which was your favourite? For Greensleeves, things are a bit easier as the Bellyas is EASILY one of my favourite riddims of all time, but is only topped by the MAMMOTH Diwali riddim (#27). For Riddim Driven, my favourite was PROBABLY the Liquid riddim from Sean Paul's producer Jeremy Harding at Two Hard Productions. You also have the Hard Times, the I Swear, the Juice, the Throwback Giggy, the Glue, the X5 and more recently the Jam Down, Guardian Angel, the Dreaming and the Full Draw Riddim Driven releases all ranking very high for me. Somewhere down on the list, probably in the twenties or thirties (surrounded by pieces like the Consuming Fire and the Career) is one of my somewhat underrated favourites, the dark and BOUNCING (if such a combination can exist in one riddim) Forensic riddim from Byron Murray's and Clifford Smith's (aka Mr.Vegas) In the Streetz Productions and built by veteran producer Computer Paul. This release is kind of like the aforementioned Career riddim (which featured Vybz Kartel's MAD tune Get It Back) and others such as the Phantom Riddim, the Trafalga and even Lenky's Dreamweaver, where it just STUCK with me for one reason or another and all these years later I'll still haul it out of the archives about once a month or so, just to remember the time and enjoy one of my favourite periods of (underrated) dancehall. The Forensic riddim itself has a very kind of dark and murky, yet old school sound and its built, almost completely, over a VERY HEAVY and spotty drum pattern which, to my ears, can make it pretty hard to ride. The old school vibe to my ears comes from its quality (or `state') of being deceptively slow paced, despite backing hard and intense digital aged modern dancehall. Should you be able to acquire the clean four minute version of the Forensic (available on the double LP, not on the single CD) you can TRY HARD not to focus on the drum pattern and REALLY listen to the other sounds you hear surrounding it and what you'll hear is a riddim that basically isn't even there, its like a `sleeping' riddim. One of the HARDEST yet minimalist theorized compositions I can think of on a dancehall riddim PERIOD. I actually refer to it as a `two-drop' dancehall riddim, akin to the one-drop you'll hear on the roots side, but, again, it would seem TERRIBLY difficult to voice and yet when the artists reach, at least SOME of them give quite a nice account of themselves over the Forensic riddim. I'm not ranking it up there with  the likes of the WipeOut riddim (which was rubbish) or the Global riddim (which should have EXCLUSIVELY been voiced by soca artists) or the all but forgotten RIDICULOUS Ice Cube riddim, in terms of being difficult to ride, but it definitely presents quite a problem. HOWEVER, you might not know it with some of the performers here. As the Forensic riddim reached its own Riddim Driven album for VP Records, it was highlighted by very strong performances by then up and comers and then unknowns alike, with just one or two familiar faces adding a dash of `seasoning' for one of the most underrated dancehall riddims of all time.Artist selection for any given riddim is ALWAYS the most crucial of elements in building a good riddim. You can have an absolute PEACH of a riddim and have average artists or artists who aren't right for the vibes of that riddim and absolute RUIN it (see the Old Truck riddim) and you can have a GARBAGE riddim reach the heights because the producer was outstanding in choosing the artists to voice it (again, see the WipeOut, which wasn't good AT ALL, but scored quite a few legitimate hits). Getting things started on the Riddim Driven album for the Forensic riddim is one of the NECESSARY faces on the riddim, Beenie Man with his SKILLFUL Crazy Gal. There is an issue throughout the CD of editing and no song here, period, suffers as much from the censors work than Crazy Gal. Should you be able to procure an original copy of the tune unedited, you'll see its almost Beenie Man near his best (which is absolutely AMAZING dancehall every time). Judging the tune as it really is, it's a very fine way to start off the album and really one of the best tunes on the riddim altogether. Next up is the somewhat gimmicky Fan U Can Can from dancehall veteran boy band (man band?) T.O.K. Like most of the group's work, the quality of this tune varies depending on whose at the mic at any given time. For Fan U Can Can in particular (which has an Oriental type of melody of all things) the leader is DEFINITELY Bay-C whose efforts throughout are just mad and the best of the group on this particular tune which is fairly standard T.O.K. fare at the end of the day (and that song can grow on you SOOOOOOOOOO quick, TRUST ME!). Completing the opening is one of the more unlikely of choices for the riddim, Sizzla, with his rather awkward Watch Now. Sizzla is another artist who has quite a bit of problem with censorship, but at least Beenie put forth a good tune. Unedited Watch Now is still FAR FAR away from the best Kalonji you'll hear, even on such a riddim as well, he just doesn't ride it very well on something which sounds almost like a complete freestyle, save for the chorus, initially; by  the end even that sounds like something he had just made up in the studio that day without having ever heard the riddim previously. Its kind of an unusual start to the album altogether, highlighted but not `what was' but more like `what could have been'.YOU KNOW you have something kind of strange going on when you have a riddim where Lexxus actually scores quite well anytime after around 2002 or so and the Forensic definitely falls into that category as his effort here, Show Mi A Signal is actually quite good (also see the aforementioned Old Truck riddim) and by virtue of being merely `quite good' its actually one of Lexxus' best tunes of his entire career! At the same time Lexxus was blowing up, a good friend of his was doing the same, Sean Paul (they both signed to VP Records and released their debut albums within months of each other). The now dancehall poster boy checks in with the Forensic's finest tune overall, a remix of one of his most popular tunes and one of my personal favourites, Check It Deeply. From the first time I heard the tune in its original form (which was also for In The Streetz on their Mud Up riddim) I LOVED it and although the remix is slightly souped up vocally, its really still top notch, showing that lethal flow Sean Paul has at times, when he's at his best. ALWAYS BIG TUNE. Also ranking fairly high on the quality scale and probably second best on the Forensic (when taking in consideration that Beenie's tune is edited) is former Sean Paul spar, Ce'cile with her Weh Yu Up To? I always thought this song was particularly underrated and talk about minimalist, Ce'cile rides the Forensic with so little effort, but delivers such a SLEEK and SMOOTH tune trying to keep tabs on the whereabouts of her special guy. The results are impressive indeed (and she wouldn't have to look that hard to find me). Unsurprisingly also hitting pretty nice on his very own riddim is Clifford Smith himself, Mr. Vegas on his Fatness. The very few singers on the Forensic have a bit easier time of creating a different style of vibes and melodies out of the straight forward riddim and for prime example check the chorus on Fatness, which ultimately goes on to make the rest of the tune sound better to my ears. I'll also go back and mention Diplomat (when he was still actually recording SONGS regularly) on his very strong Nuff A Dem. Diplomat for me ranks alongside artists such as THE WICKED Roundhead and Regan as artists who just never really fulfilled on the overwhelming level of talent they had. Diplomat was/is an aggressive roots/dancehall artist who really had a strong presence and when I heard several nice tunes from the artist from way back I had such great hopes his career would pan out a lot different than it ended up doing. But definitely Nuff A Dem was one of the strongest from back that time from Diplomat. Elephant Man does just OKAY on his Tattoo tune, but I'm sure I've heard those lyrics or that melody from him somewhere else but can't quite put my finger on it, which is a negative to my ears. SURPRISINGLY, doing quite well on the Forensic and actually shooting in with one of the riddims best tunes altogether is Turbulence with the WICKED Hype In Jah. The tune is an example of how to do a roots tune on the Forensic (where Sizzla's tune is an example of how NOT to). I have to mention Kerry's I Got The Man which is just downright BAD. HOWEVER, I think `Kerry' is the same artist now known as `Kerry Star' in which case keep an eye out for her as she has DRASTICALLY improved and is quite good in the version you'll hear her these days. The Riddim Driven for the Forensic riddim ends with extraterrestrial voiced Ghost checking in on yet another remake Time After Time. I typically don't favour Ghost very much. But at the end of the day what you have in the Forensic is a riddim over which BOTH Lexxus and Ghost can achieve to my ears as Time After Time is actually quite well done! Finishing things up on a high note.Overall, I'm not saying that the Forensic is one of the greatest Riddim Drivens that there ever was; far from it actually. But it sticks in my mind and my players as strictly one of the most unique and in that case, underrated and underappreciated riddims in recent memory. And I actually wouldn't at all be surprised to see it pop up again at some point (I would have LOVED to hear a young Vybz Kartel over this thing with its tempo it would be like a slow and underhanded pitch right over the plate for him) given In The Streetz' propensity of having done that type of thing (namely with the aforementioned Mud Up riddim). But it really stands in quite a long list of seemingly forgotten riddims and specifically riddims which reached album through VP's now so famous and well regarded Riddim Driven compilation series, which definitely deserve to come out and play every now and then. Its my hope that someday and someway VP will bring them ALL back maybe in a limited boxed edition or something like such for the masses who may have missed out. As it stands the Forensic Riddim Driven album is recommended STRICTLY to those few hardcore dancehall heads who may have missed out on it. For you, like me, you're likely to stumble upon a hidden gem of a winner in this downright OBESE series.
Copied this music to my hard storage on my computer (Kindle to Computer) to listen to when I am in the mood.
When the question of making reggae music comes to a discussion of SKILL, there are certain artists (and producers) who I tend to hold to a much higher level of quality standard than most other artists. This rather small group of artists doesn't exactly have to include (but it usually does)  my own personal favourites, its strictly a matter of anyone who has functioning ears and an ever so slight taste of reggae music can distinguish INCREDIBLY skilled artists versus not so skilled artists. Over the years there have been a few artists who fit into this category which oddly enough doesn't include many ultra-well known/stars. The one exception to the rule has definitely been Beenie Man in the dancehall. For nearly a quarter century Beenie Man has been dropping hits in dancehall music to the level where EVERY other artist (on paper) has to step aside to the Doctor. If  there was ever a person who understood what dancehall music and what the dancehall LIFESTYLE was comprised of, it is Beenie, thus, every track which he produces is subject to a very high level of critique (and despite his controversies throughout the years, even under the most discerning of eyes, Beenie has done quite well). Others still in the dancehall such as General Degree and Mad Cobra I hold to a similar level of quality production. Cobra: Because of the type of tune in which he specializes, the badman songs, he has no equal; and Degree because, alongside Beenie Man himself I doubt ANY other artist from this current era has had a greater FEEL for dancehall music and lifestyle than the diminutive General. In the roots spectrum it has definitely been a bit different. My absolute favourite roots artist, Sizzla, doesn't even fall into this category (Sizzla may actually be the one artist who, because of my love of the vibes, I tend to ADMITTEDLY take it easy on). Artists over the years such as Luciano, Everton Blender, definitely Yami Bolo and more recently Lutan Fyah all make a brand of roots music which consistently demonstrates, not only a high level of SKILL in the vibes,  but a high level of overstanding as well. Thus, anytime they come with a tune which may not be on point, in my opinion, it is much more substantial of a disappointment than an equally well known, but far less consistent artist, such as Capleton or (THE UNDISPUTED KING OF ROOTS REGGAE INCONSISTENCY) Turbulence. All of these artists, while maybe not reaching the `stratosphere' of reggae superstardom (and some of them definitely have), by reggae heads (myself included) are expected to maintain a level of consistency and quality with ANYTHING they touch (although I think I might be alone on the Beenie Man pick).All of that being said, an artist who has definitely shown himself to be SUPREMELY skilled and talented (yet VERY hardworking and disciplined) and well representative of that class of artists has been Bushman. While not yet (and presumably he never will) achieving the level of stardom such as Luciano, Sizzla and Capleton in Jamaica, his place in reggae music is well respected as one of the premiere roots singers of the last decade. Asides from that, he has bolstered and continued to carry his standing due to a relatively steady stream of major and minor hits along the way. For the international audiences he has been well represented with albums as well. While not being to the level of prolificacy of many of his peers, the St. Thomas native can be counted on every two to three years or so to come with an album which (for the most part) is well indicative of someone of his talents. Many of his finer moments may have actually been unjustly owed to the more popular Luciano over the years (and I've hear people whom opinions I definitely respect call a Bushman tune, a Luciano tune incorrectly) as the two both employ a heavy and downright sublime baritone voice virtually built for making reggae music. As of late as well, names such as the streaking Natty King, the underappreciated Prince Theo and the ever-present Prince MalachI have also employed the style which has definitely led to all, with the exception of Luciano of course, having their tunes owed to the others. What mostly exemplifies Bushman's overall skill and definitely what has distinguished his vibes over the years has been his supreme commitment to his craft. Even though Bushman's early career was still very solid, you can lend a CONSISTENT and distinguishing ear to his earlier material and listen to him go through any tune nowadays and see an overall improvement. His first album was the critically acclaimed Nyah Man Chant for King Jammy (who was the first producer to really take an interest in Bushman) which was very solid but was followed by WICKED material in the form of back to back pieces for Jammy (and Ward 21 was involved in there as well) Total Commitment and the AWESOME Higher Ground (seriously one of the best albums ever made!) (I would also mention a very fine live release in there as well, Bushman Live At the Opera House). His most high-profile release to date was his last album, 2004's wicked Signs for VP (all three aforementioned albums were for Greensleeves) and there was also the only red flag along the way in the form of A Better Place in 2000 (re-released as My Meditation in 2003) which was (as he admits himself) just BAD. Its been now close to four years since the Signs release and definitely time for a new Bushman album and with his new album, Get It In Your Mind, he takes a rather unusual method. Instead of rejoining with VP (which I'm assuming was VP's doing, and because VP just bought Greensleeves, that's less unlikely and Artists Only, which released A Better Place is looooooooong gone to my knowledge), and instead of going Japanese which has proven very popular in recent times in reggae, Bushman was obviously SO confident in Get It In Your Mind, that he put it on his own dollar and makes it the first official release album on his Burning Bushes label. The result is one which not necessarily grabs my ears greatly, but is definitely interesting.Get It In Your Mind is an album which almost exclusively built on the strength of being compiled of former singles voiced by the artist over the years (which makes it even a bit more odd as I would more expect him to release an album on his own were it compiled of new stuff he was very high on, but perhaps he has had the album built for quite awhile now). To be perfectly honest there are a few ABSOLUTE bangers here, but, again Bushman being. . . Bushman, he is definitely capable of better (and has shown better). Get It In Your Mind opens with one of the strongest stretches of the entire album beginning with the very impressive Singing My Song. The tune is a BIG big ode to reggae music (and music in general) which flows brilliantly over Fabian Francis' EPIC Undeniable riddim (which you'll know from having backed Capleton's MASSIVE tune of the same title). Singing My Song could fit in on any Bushman album at any point of time, it is seriously some of his best material ever, highlighted by his characteristically priceless baritone vocals. After an interlude (which is a brief clip of an interview with the artist, the first of two interludes), the next tune which steps forth is my choice for Get It In Your Mind's best tune overall, the AMAZING Rasta Nuh Dead. The tune flows on strong Good Times riddim for a few years ago (I believe 2003 actually) and is definitely a tune where you shouldn't allow yourself to fall into the vibes to the point of losing the biggest vibe which is the lyrics DEFINITELY! I've definitely heard tunes of the same line throughout the years (and so have you) but Bushman paints a picture for you which, if you happen to actually be a Rastafarian yourself,  which I am, or an Afrikan or just a proud human being, just really hit's the soul as he says, "Rastafari is the food of my SALVATION!". BIG TUNE! Finishing the opening of the album is the interesting lover's piece, Source of Life. I feel that the tune could have been a bit better actually, as you listen to just the basic melody it follows, its quite impressive. However, Bushman never really seems to push the levels to the heights and when he does it doesn't last too long. it's the exact type of tune I mean which I'm harder on him because I know what he is capable of, take Source of Life and put it in Natty King's catalogue instead and I might be sitting here singing the praises of the tune. From Bushman, it could have been a better piece.There are quite a few interesting tracks down the stretch of Get It In Your Mind, two of which, which definitely REALLY catch the ears are Can't Get the Best of Me and Born fi di Ting which are, for the most part, two straight forward dancehall pieces which is VERY rare for the singer. First is Can't Get the Best of Me, at least in my opinion, misses the mark almost completely and as soon as I heard it finish and heard Born fi di Ting I actually got a bit upset. BUT I WAS WRONG. Born fi di Ting is serious! Definitely one of the album's bigger tracks and I think I've actually heard the tune play a bit in Jamaica and over the Caribbean. The dancehall is one arena where Bushman, even at this advanced stage of his career, might be wise to invest more vibes of the variety of Born fi di Ting (instead of continuing his downright odd infatuation with country music which, thankfully, he ignores on this album for the most part). The other tune which immediately catches the ear on the album is a remake of the legendary Peter Tosh's Buk-In-Hamm Palace. The tune is a very nice update to the classic tune and Bushman more than does Tosh justice on the piece (he would be proud!). Bushman actually has had a few tunes which have been thought as Peter Tosh tunes (most notably was the BIG Lighthouse from the Signs album which I and everyone else who heard it just KNEW it had to be a new Tosh release) and he does sound quite like the Steppin' Razor on the tune. The other tune here which excites on first listen is Scent of a Man over Gibbo Gibbs hypnotic State of Emergency riddim (same riddim backed Lutan Fyah's BIG Wi Nuh Gangsta). The song speaks of a jilted lover catching his woman in a compromising situation. Still, although all those tunes will definitely attract a big case of attention for the album, they aren't really top notch tunes (with the exception of Born fi di Ting). What is `undeniably' top notch, however, is the album's second best piece overall, the WICKED Nuttin' Nah Gwaan, one of the newer pieces on the album, over the big vibed Jah Soul riddim from just 2007. I absolutely love the tune, it's a heavy rootical track which speaks about the troubles which cme with poverty and being poor and the negative things other people are doing to insure that people stay in the same conditions. Just a big tune and big vibes for the world, which you definitely need to check out. Lastly I'll mention the closer here, the only official combination (although there are a few tunes which sound like there are about six people singing at one time) on the album, Call On Jah which features US based singer Prince Jabba.  You don't often hear Bushman in combinations (at all) with other singers, but the duo make a very nice vibes over the almost completely acoustic backing (with a very nice and subtle saxophone as well).Overall, I really do feel (and know) that Bushman could have done a better vibes for his label's debut effort, but given the circumstances (that it actually is the first piece from his label) MAYBE I'll give it and Bushman a bit of a bligh for the next release. What I really would have like to see maybe is a bit more of Bushman's friends and younger talent coming forth and being present on the album (which would have meant more new material altogether) and definitely an appearance from longtime friend and wickedly underrated chanter, I-Lue as well. As it stands, Get It In Your Mind is probably a better indicator for the label Burning Bushes and what is to come, instead of Bushman himself. Maybe we can actually expect the label to do (if nothing else) more releases from the singer (wouldn't it be nice to see a yearly release from him!) and maybe even others as well. For Bushman, things get better than this, at his best he is a SHOCKING talent one which is definitely to be witnessed by all. Get It In Your Mind is almost exclusively recommended for hardened fans of the artist. For newer fans, if you must check it out, just know that the album just scratches the surface  on what is REALLY Bushman's skill.
I wanted this album  because so little of Cano`s work is available on CD, but it was a disappointment.  I thought there would be more of a latin sound, instead it is more jazz. Mr. Lucky which is latin is more like what I had hoped for.  Shearing and Stanley Black have done latin numbers like Mr. Lucky equally well or better.
"Simply Melodies" by JR'S Socalypsoreggaeroc! is a very creative assembly of Caribbean instrumentals. With the native and elegant steel pan as the driving instrument, these songs are extremely melodic. What's more, the structure of these tunes are, as the title suggests, kept very simple. The steel pan is at the forefront of this CD with minimal backing by bass, drums, and some synthesizer fills, allowing the intricate sounds of the steel pan to shine through. "Jamaica Farewell, Yellow Bird, Letter From Jamaica" opens with a very non-traditional drum arrangement that catches the listener's attention. Moreover, "Ah Come Back Home" displays a very memorable steel pan melody. Minimal production adds to the simplicity of these tracks. If you enjoy world Caribbean music then you should check out the nice steel pan work on these tracks. Xavier P. and the RadioIndy Reviewer Team
Particularly in reggae music, it is always very interesting to go back and take a listen to one of your favourite artist's earlier material in comparing it to the vibes they are currently releasing. It has always been to my experience that in reggae (and I MIGHT say the same thing about hip-hop as well, but not too many other musical genres), it is so easy to mark an artist's progression in overall skills and experience in all facets of the music, in the studio, with the pen and ESPECIALLY on the stage. Over the past few years probably the most remarkable and OBVIOUS example of this, has been in dancehall prodigy Assassin (and the next best example, in the dancehall, would probably be Mr. Peppa who was downright AWFUL the first few times I heard him), who rather swiftly went from being known strictly as the prot&eacute;g&eacute; to his mentor, longtime wicked dancehall veteran Spragga Benz, to being an artist able to look the truly elite dancehall artists in directly in the eye from a skill standpoint. Assassin added new and newer facets to his game in leaps and bounds and not to say that his early material was off-point by any degree (listen to some of those earlier tunes like Bad From or Wah Gwan and some of them are literally saturated in remarkable potential), but he has undeniably become an artist for the new generation boasting skills alongside a level of maturity perhaps unseen in the dancehall EVER, at his age. Similar situations in the recent dancehall landscape exist; such as Aidonia going from a Bounty Killer clone to a tongue-twisting juggernaut of a lyricist and Busy Signal, seemingly peaking so early in his career, only to vanish and return with an even deeper bag of lyrics as well. In the roots game, the situation has been very similar in Jamaica. Check Natural Black, who has developed from a somewhat RAW artist with top notch natural ability and vibes, but VERY inconsistent at the beginning of his career; now into someone who has to be considered one of the most dependable names in roots reggae to deliver quality vibes EVERYTIME. There's also the case of Richie Spice whose meteoric rise to prominence coincided only with his equally meteoric rise in vibes and ability, which, at their absolute heights, make Spice an artist who literally EVERY tune which he releases has the potential to be a bonafide HIT. And I would be just wrong for not mentioning former Richie Spice label mate Chuck Fender whose middle of the career change in his approach took him from being a `run of the mill' (virtually indistinguishable from the rest of the pack) Bounty Killer clone, into being one of the most crucial roots voices in reggae over the past decade. Just observing them throughout their careers (and still time to come definitely for them all) is really one of the best things of listening to such a segmented, yet ordered, music such as reggae.Outside of Jamaica, where the international scene is a bit easier to follow as it is dictated by albums, as opposed to scattered singles for scattered producers, things are still very interesting. Take, for instance, the case of Ras Attitude who, at this point, is in the process of establishing himself as really one of the TOP flight modern Caribbean reggae artists from outside of Jamaica, if he isn't already (and I think he is), alongside names such as fellow Virgin Islanders Pressure Busspipe, Midnite, Bambu Station and the various lights from the French West Indies. The `advantage' the St. Croix native Attitude seems to have over his peers, at this point, is his WELL POLISHED style. You would almost have no choice but to look at more experienced names such as Luciano,  Bushman and Junior Kelly (and interestingly enough, I think I'm now throwing Tarrus Riley in that list as well who, like Attitude, seems as if he were created to make reggae music) to hear a more CONSISTENT `shine' on the vibes and the overall presentation of music than you'll find in Ras Attitude. This is a quality which makes his music more presentable to greater masses (especially in Jamaica) and more accessible to fans (unlike the many who  tend to find the music of Midnite to be somewhat odd). Besides Ras Attitude himself, undoubtedly much of that polish has to be credited to Attitude's producer/fellow artist/and good friend Batch. Most, if not all, of the early material you'll find anywhere from Ras Attitude is almost certainly a Batch production as the VI musical genius produced Attitude's first two of now five albums, Happiness and Love Live for his very own Sound V.I.Zion  Records. Very early Ras Attitude and the well crafted and sculpted version of the artist we see today are almost night and day in terms of quality (which is saying a lot as the early version is definitely not unimpressive on any standards). Much of that VERY EARLY material is catalogued in Ras Attitude's very first album release, Happiness from Sound V.I.Zion which, in 2001, had the distinction of becoming the label's very first full length studio release for a single artist (if I recall correctly, it had previously done a compilation before Happiness actually reached). Even before Batch would bring forth HIS OWN debut, 2003's Who You Are, he would do Attitude's Happiness, showing a great bit of confidence in the artist investing so much of himself on a chance in the artist (the entire reggae world now owes a great big thank you to Batch for taking that chance). The results on that initial album were definitely mixed as Attitude had yet to show (or maybe even develop them at that early point) a few of the things which now make him one of the most refined artists in the business. Happiness is a look back at what is definitely destined to be one of the biggest names in Virgin Island reggae music of all time and an undeniable reggae force overall.The thing, for me, which tends to exemplify and individualize Ras Attitude's vibes from his countless peers is his personality. Much like Junior Kelly, he has an almost indescribable ability to push a bit more of himself besides writing the words, developing the melody and singing the track. It is a quality which is definitely rare, but also makes his a talent which is more in demand as I think you could take a more experienced artist and a similar artist (perhaps such as Kelly himself) and have him sing Attitude's tunes (or vice-versa) and not be able to dem them the justice by the originator. That is a quality which hadn't been exactly tweaked on Happiness, thus, while in terms of vibes, it is not too much different from the powerhouse which would immediately follow it, Love Life (Batch himself had developed a bit as a producer between the two albums as well), but it doesn't have that `certified' Ras Attitude feel just quite, still it does a fine job in introducing the world to a name to keep and eye and a half on in reggae music these days. Getting things started on the album after a brief Nyahbinghi intro, Happiness gets started with what is one of the four tunes which really go to be the strength and identifiable tunes on the album altogether, the sublime Back in the Hills. The tune opens itself to a very nice comparison to a far more recent Attitude tune to show a very nice contrast, Trodding Home. It wouldn't have been out of the question to me for the same artist who had made the wonderful Back in the Hills which is a song speaking about leaving babylon and returning to the Motherland, would have someday developed into the artist who could make the SUPREME Trodding Home years later in his career. Back in the Hills isn't as refined or direct as Trodding Home would ultimately prove to be, but it's still VERY good and an excellent way to start things here. The second track here, Pop Off is one of the harder and harsher vibes on the album and pretty much a straight forward conscious dancehall track which doesn't find Attitude at his best (there are a few dancehall tracks on Love Life as well, but most of them, if not all, really hit their mark stronger than most of the dancehall pieces on Happiness, again showing the development in Attitude's game). Finishing the opening of Happiness is a very fine interlude which goes a bit into introducing Ras Attitude the artist to the masses. While typically not a big fan of interludes I have absolutely no problem with it here and actually I think it's a good idea for debuting artists.The second of the `big four' tunes on Happiness rolls out just after the opening with the very BIG The Voice. The tune is a vibes which is a bit of a musical celebration and a celebration of His Majesty at the same time (the entire album could be described as such, as could Attitude's entire career for that matter). Batch also comes top notch as well, providing Attitude with a big LUSH sounding vibes over which to deliver what may just be the most memorable track on Happiness, if not the best overall (although I don't think so). Topping The Voice is definitely the LOVELY Jah Trees which may just be the single most popular tune to have emerged from the Happiness album and definitely the one which has been the most discussed (at least by me) over the years. The tune speaks of His Majesty providing the world with all the things in nature that it needs to survive as well as the things which endanger what HE has done for us. Just a lovely big vibes and one which I someday hope to see Attitude perform live. However, it is the final track here, Glorious, which gloriously tops the entire album as my favourite track here overall with a vibes which could have EASILY fit in on any of Ras Attitude's later and just BETTER albums and not dipped the vibes AT ALL. Glorious is a track which shows EXACTLY what I mean by Attitude's personality effecting a tune: The tune itself is a song about going to meet His Majesty and how GLORIOUS the moment will be (and indeed it will) and Attitude adds spice to the track (which rides a master class one-drop) which, even at that early stage of his career, make the song of his unique own vibes style. Definitely a BIG track. While I don't think much of the album really matches up to those four big tracks, there are still a few pieces here which standout on a smaller level. Check the pounding Rasta Empress which would definitely be something out of Batch's own style as he is known for throwing together some MASSIVE anthems for the Afrikan female on his own albums. Attitude is smart and he brings Batch along to sing on the tune as well, and anytime you can get the two together vocally on a track it is definitely something to witness. Rasta Empress is no exception at all. The other official combination here features Dominican born jack-of-all-trades musician/artist Jerome Austrie, who is a VI (in particular Batch himself and Sound V.I.Zion) favourite as well. The two make a strong reggae/r&b; combination which focuses on bringing a bigger level of love to the world. The title track for Happiness is, oddly enough, on a more fast dancehall vibes, which are present throughout the album. I was actually a bit surprised to see that it wasn't a more straight forward rootical number (based strictly on the title probably), but it, like many of the dancehall-ish tunes here, does carry a strong message, I just don't think that it was best for Attitude at that point to be delivering on so many faster riddims at that point as sometimes he doesn't appear capable of peaking with such a tune on such a riddim. A similar situation occurs on the very nice (lyrically speaking) Who Mek Man on which Attitude employs the young DJ style of throwing "you know" behind his words on his first verse. Its definitely a move you'll see more with the youths (or in freestyles) and I wouldn't expect to see it from Attitude as of now. Lastly, I'll mention the tune Hyah, which, again, shows the youth. You would DEFINITELY not hear such a tune these days from Attitude as it comes off as an almost COMPLETE freestyle and together with Rock Dem (I have no idea what happened with that one!) represent, in my opinion, the only two REAL missteps on Happiness altogether.Overall, I'd almost say that the Happiness album would have somewhat of a `collector's item' type of feel to it as we see exactly what Ras Attitude has `grown up' to become. Happiness was strictly a `warning shot' of what was to come. Its interesting because, although solid, I can imagine there were so many potential fans who didn't actually `stick around' to see what was coming next (I myself actually got the album after I had already heard the Love Life album which is probably still, to date, my favourite Attitude album). What they missed out on was one of the most compelling artists in the game today regardless of country and an overall show of a downright SUPERB display of potential throughout Ras Attitude's career and it started at Happiness.
They say  there was a time in the late 1970's in Kingston, Jamaica where literally EVERYONE you encountered on the road was either a professional musician/artist or aspiring to be so. With reggae having, at that point, reached a point where it had become not only the main method of escape from the poverty and the negativity, but maybe even the ONLY method which was legal (and you can definitely well research  the number of former and then current `professional' badmen who entered the music business as well) and far more attractive than the gun for even some of the youths who ended up taking that route as well. While I wasn't on the planet at that time exactly, I did begin life and growing shortly thereafter (in the early 1980's), still in the musical `shadow' of that era and the beginning of this current modern area, really, besides a GREAT DEAL of more options opening, which is a very important thing for the youths, you still have unknown and aspiring musicians traveling from all over the island towards Kingston, eager to make their name and eventual pay (even me, myself, when I grew up it was my first dream to follow in the steps of some of my favourite DJ's like Mad Cobra and Beenie Man and take the mic one day myself). For someone, like myself, who virtually prides himself as being on top of things musically, from reggae Jamaica and reggae the extended community the world over, this makes things rather difficult to follow, not only abroad, but even right under my own nose. When an international reggae artist reaches a certain point of popularity and ability and score the necessary hits to further their name more and more, I USUALLY hear about them rather quickly and LONG before they actually reach with an album (names like Alborosie, Gentleman and more recently Cali P come to mind). However, for Jamaican artists, things are much different. I can name you more than a few artists who have just scored with a handful of big tunes or so that you probably haven't heard of at all and recommend that you definitely take a further listen  to them (right now that would be New York based DJ Rally Bop and potential superstars Einstein and Bramma de Bomba, of course). So you can imagine my surprise the couple of times a year or so when I actually see an album (or am introduced to by some other method, such as here) from a Jamaican artist who I have ABSOLUTELY NEVER heard of before. Last year, it was an artist who I thought rang a bell, only to discover it wasn't who I though it was in Black Panther, who reached with his debut album, Give Some Love for (ST. ANN'S!) Vikings Productions while managing to go virtually COMPLETELY under my radar and now it appears as if I've found the first of two candidates this year.Which brings us to Jah Jah Yute. Were you to have told me that there was relatively talented artist from out of Hanover, I probably wouldn't even have paid you much attention and figured that, like so many others, when he reached a point of actually being regarded as `relatively talented' he would also reach onto my radars as just because I'm quite a ways away from Mobay, a TRULY good vibes tend to travel through Jamaica like a hyper-fueled country bus. But, there I was in the studio of a good friend who lives on Anguilla and he had a few pieces he was listening to, two of which contained work from an artist by the name Jah Jah Yute, who I assumed was a local artist, but lo and behold was actually from my country. What attracted to me to him, as opposed to the few other names on the players (one of which was a very nice female dancehall artist from out of Cayman who I need to check back), was his sound. When I first heard Jah Jah I actually thought it was simply a few unheard cuts from veteran Jamaican roots singer (and one of my favourites) Everton Blender. Jah Jah doesn't exactly have that POLISHED tone of the Blender (which is no critique to him, MOST singers don't have that kind of shine and will NEVER develop it, it is truly unique to the Blender definitely), but definitely had something else which attracted me to him, something which was completely to his own credit. I LOVE a commitment to roots music! And you'll find singers of the vibes who don't have that degree of  pledge to the vibes and instead (as a producer friend of mine told me) will literally use it simply as a method of making it out of poverty, figuring roots music much easier to succeed in than the hectic dancehall; as well as the always constant touring opportunities giving artists of even the most mediocre scales, the ability to travel all over the world. Jah Jah Yute didn't have that and probably even more evidence of that was the fact that I hadn't heard of it. All of those things and spinning quite a few tunes from the artist gave me the necessary convincing to take a small shot and go further. What I found that was that besides the one album and the one tune, Jah Jah Yute actually had a new project out, Jah Say So. This was the second album (to my knowledge) of his career as he originally made his debut last year with Word Power on Sound (the one which I saw) for Enel Productions which I've found out is a label which he owns and runs, apparently with his wife (definitely give thanks to the self produced and self promoted artists) and his family and he has taken his music, for the most part, to the states as well. The works of Jah Say So are a bit of a step up from Word Power on Sound (as it should be) and a bit more even throughout and, as I mentioned, what I most like about JJY's style is OVERALL COMMITMENT to the music that he makes. He doesn't come in with that flair or shine of Everton Blender; he doesn't have that almost breathtaking charm and royalty of Luciano; he doesn't have that gritty brilliance of someone like a Bushman and Jah Jah Yute doesn't have that wildly interesting and unusual talent like a Jah Cure. But if you're simply looking for someone who OBVIOUSLY works hard at mastering and perfecting his craft and actually BELIEVES in what he sings, then Jah Jah Yute is in the class of all of those popular artists and Jah Say So might just be the album for you.As I mentioned, if you're really looking for a line to compare Jah Jah Yute to someone it would DEFINITELY be Everton Blender. I don't really know if it was by design or it just happened to be his style (apparently JJY has been around from quite awhile), but it's delightful, sounding like a bit RAW and rough around the edges (EVERYONE sounds rough around the edges compared to Blender) is a good thing. On Jah Say So it's also worth mentioning that it is CRUCIAL that you really listen to the lyrics above all. Getting things started here is the solid and pretty addictive praising tune Jah Jah Coming. Should follow the Rastafari route of life (as I do) then really this tune has the potential to well hit you the way it ALMOST hit me. It didn't take a very long time to grow on me, but I just don't think I well regard it as a GREAT tune, but a very powerful one still. The tune speaks to all to prepare for the INEVITABLE coming of His Imperial Majesty (and I LOVE the way JJY literally uses the people as a signal to HIS arrival, very nice lyrical changeup from other ways we've heard such a tune written in the past). Next up is another very powerful message, which sounds oddly familiar for some reason (the actual producers here range from local producers to some even stationed throughout Europe, I believe), Bad Company. This tune warns the masses (especially the youths) to be wary of exactly whom they keep a company with and particularly to  be  mindful of following those who carry and live by the gun. The tune, still, has a very easy vibes, I DEFINITELY wouldn't categorize it as a negative tune at the end of the piece. Completing the opening here is the STRONG Born Warriour, one Jah Say So's real highlights. The tune is another which sounds EXACTLY like something you might find the Blender singing and, even given his more than SUBSTANTIAL credentials and reputation, it might even be a highlight for the Blender himself, still. The tune speaks of the need for us to remain determined and self-motivated in trying to overcome the adversities and negativity of  the world. It really is an uplifting tune and it, perhaps better than any other tune on Jah Say So exemplifies what I mean when I say you have to listen really closely: To be perfectly honest, Jah Jah Yute (as expected at this stage of his career) isn't really afforded the finest riddims and compositions over to record, but he still delivers authoritative and really nice messages, throughout, listening to Born Warriour, really FOCUS on that message definitely. A very nice way to end the opening for the album.Even though in sound the artist I would definitely most compare JJY to would be Everton Blender, the artist I would think he would most remind me of in terms of personality and maybe even actual vibrations would probably be Mikey General. The General is known as being a VERY respectable and upstanding individual and is a definite vibes I get from JJY. Probably the tune which best captures this vibe and the real highlight of Jah Say So is the BEAUTIFUL Africans Blood. The tune might just be one of the ROUGHEST sounding and least well done actually on the album, but it well struck a chord with me and I think it will with many others as well. The tune is, at its core, one of the more diverse tunes on the album, it speaks of anti-violence messages, but at the same time has almost a `built-in' reference to slavery and the Afrikan Diaspora and just a very IMPORTANT tune to my ears. I wouldn't really expect a song like Africans Blood to be a hit song, even were it given the proper promotion; instead it's the type of song that should be played in schools all over the world. VERY nice tune here, very major and deep vibes. While JJY doesn't (in my opinion) reach that level again, the vibes still remain solid. Check Prophecy Fulfill with the downright BRILLIANT opening of the tune where JJY calls upon some of the elders who aren't with us anymore (like Marcus Garvey, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh and Jacob Marley) to support the coming of His Majesty for all of his children. Powerful vibes on that one and, again, really check it from a lyrical perspective. Going backwards, there's an earlier tune here which really caught my attention a great deal, Let Peace Abide. The tune speaks to the masses (again, specifically to the youths) to begin to at least ATTEMPT to begin to live cleaner and more upright: And in doing so, one will adopt an all around more positive attitude and nature and specifically make the world a better place, one with far less violence than in today's world. On a similar note was Mankind Fighting a song which I was `looking for' as it has that big ANTHEM style feel to it, which you really need on a roots release these days. A very nice chanting vibes and, of course, a very nice message. I do have to mention two tunes here which I really didn't like, both Sweet Girl and I Was Born. Sweet Girl, for its part, is the obligatory lover's tune for Jah Say So and it has an R&B;/hip-hop/Spanish guitar style of vibes to it which I just felt was a bit too much of a variation from the rest of the album. The tune itself isn't exactly a bad one and may sound better in a different context, but here, at least for me, it just doesn't get off the ground and in the end is a distraction. There was also I Was Born, which to my ears is a remix of the very nice earlier tune Born Warrior. The ONLY evidence of a remix, however, that I hear is a monotonous background singer adding " was bornnnnnnnnn" in the gaps in the choruses. Maybe a closer listen would reveal more disparities between the remix and the original (I doubt it), but either way, they are just too close in sound for me to warrant both being included and I Was Born sounds like a SERIOUS case of filler material (especially considering the fact that JJY's first album Word Power on Sound also had twelve tracks). The closing tune here rights the ship definitely as Children Live Up stands as one of the more impressive  tunes on Jah Say So. It really also places a very nice cap on the vibes as the album as Jah Jah Yute revisits his most popular focal points; preaching a message of more and more peace (and in this case specifically to Afrikans) and doing so to the younger people. While Africans Blood remains the real big tune here, were you to ask me for a single tune I might recommend to give one a real taste of JJY's vibes, it would DEFINITELY be Children Live Up. A very nice way to end things here.Overall, while I'm not saying for you to DROP EVERYTHING AND GO AND PICK THIS ONE UP, I will say to definitely keep an eye open for the name Jah Jah Yute in the future. As I mentioned, he isn't exactly afforded the finest in Jamaican production at this point (a great deal of the works here were produced by the FWI based young Irie Jam Productions (JJY actually appears on the label's recent compilation Wi Likkle But Wi Talawah Vol. 1 with no less than  seven of that piece's nineteen tracks, all from Jah Say So, including Born Warrior, Jah Coming and even Africans Blood, so definitely keep an eye out for that label as well) but it will be interesting to see what he can do if he can work with some of the bigger talents, or even when Irie Jam reaches their full potential as well. However, even then, I would suspect that the REAL attraction to Jah Jah Yute's music will be  the heavy messages he pushes. He so OBVIOUSLY really BELIEVES and follows the messages that he sings, likewise showing his extreme commitment to them. Jah Say So is the best available example of a very unknown roots reggae artist you're almost certain to hear about in the years to come.
This is another compilation disc - the original albums were "Rising of the Moon" and "Come Fill Your Glass With Us".  You can buy the originals in digitally remastered form if you're an audio stickler, or in a compilation that seems to be identical to this one, called28 Irish Pub Songs. I don't have both compilations to compare. Neither claims to be digitally remastered.  At present, anyway, this MP3 set costs more than that MP3 set, so I got the other set.
Como fan de la Mancha en los 90's compre el producto, me arrepiento mil veces de haber perdido el primer cassette de La Mancha...falta Elias, entre otras...
this was great, I can't wait to see what her next cd will be , I hope more oldies with David Foster in control of content. What a voice!!!
Love Charice, but this CD was disappointing, since half of it is music, not her voice. Got it quickly and in good shape. I would not buy.
Not enough singing, but the instramentals are nice.  I would like to get a particular song called, "A Note From GOD" by Charice on a CD album. It doesn't seem to be available except on a single "Download" which I don't know how to do. jmp
It should be noted this "debut" CD was produced in the Philippines by Charice local label, Star Records. Of course, her vocal prowess and emotional delivery is here but as a first effort and at 6 tracks, it lacks something. Consider it as an EP introduction to Charice. (Anyone remember "EP" records?Be assured, that "something" will be in attendance on Charice International Debut CD which she is in the process of recording in the US.Writers and Producers from around the world are working with her to produce the most amazing CD possible. The tracks will range from R&B; spectaculars to more edgy Pop and Fresh House sounds.Keep listening, Charice has only just begun.
This was ok, not worth buying new - if you can get it used for $2 or $3.00 then its worth it.....
What a great talent for such a young singer. She has a strong, powerful voice and she will only get better under the tutelage of Mr.David(The Hit Man)Foster. She'll be the next big singing sensation.
Additional tracks not simply the same songs without lyrics would have given me more value for the money. Great voice for her age
I love it so much, her voice is amazing. but the box have a little bit broken cause it may have some accident while a trip. it's ok.
Like her other two cd, great songs, great talent but a the sound is to dry and the overall sound is to dry and to close. Not what one should expect when such a talent as she is makes her first recording. We all know her from youtube where she has the most wonderful and powerfull voice and the way she plays with the music proves her to be a natural talent. Why aren't here three cd not better produced instead of this result.
The tracks are not in the same order as on the original '59 RCA vinyl album. They jumped around a bit and having enjoyed the original album through all these years ( my mom bought it in '59) I was disappointed that they chose to alter what was a very nice program. I did enjoy the additional alternate tracks that were included. The sound quality was very good.
In a style of music such as dancehall where longevity is such an elusive accomplishment, there are so very few artists who can really claim to be MASTERS of the dancehall. The title is one which has been exclusively reserved for the same names over the past decade or so, only `opening the gates' every once in a while to accept new members (the last of which, in my opinion, was probably Vybz Kartel). Most of these artists are the likes of Beenie Man and Bounty Killer, of course, and go all the way to names such as Lady Saw and Mad Cobra in terms of popularity, however, what they all share in common is the undeniable fact that no artist in the world (not even their peers of master class) are able to do what they can do in the dancehall. For example, what has been Beenie Man's personal section of territory in the dancehall is hit songs. No matter what may be going on (and throughout his career he has had extended periods of time where he has spent considerably more time in  the tabloids than in the studios) Beenie Man can seemingly churn out hit songs at will, all the while maintaining a never ending feud with -- Bounty Killer. The Killer's own dominance exists in the realm that (for better or for worse) he will live and die on the strength on the gun tune. When the audiences are not feeling particularly up for the big gun toasting violent tune, you may not hear from Bounty Killer for awhile, however, when the mood changes (and it inevitably will) and the planets realign themselves for WAR, Bounty Killer's will be the first name called to the stage (also Bounty can hang his hat on the frame he used to established so many younger artists are potential masters of the dancehall, including Kartel). We also have the likes of General Degree, who has proven himself (at least in my opinion) to be in that class and while he definitely has yet to reach the level of popularity of most names on this list, it can be no refuting the fact that throughout his career, Degree has remained one of the most consistent acts in the dancehall altogether and that has not only kept him relevant, but it has kept him popular to a great deal of dancehall heads (myself included). Other active or semi-active names on the list would definitely include the likes of Buju Banton, Elephant Man, Sean Paul (whether you want to admit it or not), Wayne Wonder, Sanchez and semi-active elders such as Ninjaman and Shabba Ranking of course, and two or three years from now, the list will look EXACTLY the same (probably in about four or five years, you'll have to add Assassin to the list).Definitely one of the most SKILLED and TALENTED names on the list, although one of the most often overlooked is that of Spragga Benz. Although he has made some space in the mainstream (most notably a combination with ex-girlfriend Foxy Brown, the wicked Oh Yeah, and appearances in the films Shottas and Brooklyn Babylon), Spragga's talents have always been wholly reserved for the dancehall heads (again, myself included), who have been fully enjoying the vibes for more than a decade and a half. After making his name as a sound man, Spragga originally made his name as an artist on the strength of some ULTRA slack style tunes which, even if that may not be on your vibes, went very far in establishing his name as virtually never-ending dancehall wordsmith. Spragga's style was always one which wasn't very involved: Meaning he never made songs which required you to pay a great deal of attention, you didn't have to meditate long on his vibes. His style, which attracted and has kept so many fans all over the world, was much more in your face and matter of fact styled. I would go as far as to say that in my opinion, alongside Beenie Man, Shabba Ranking and Supercat (and MAYBE General Degree) Spragga Benz may be the most overall talented artist that the dancehall has EVER had all-around. While he definitely cut his teeth on the sexual slack tune (as did Beenie and Shabba), at his absolute best, he can give you a song on any subject and score with such a song same way. Spragga Benz also holds to his credit mentoring and partially developing the RIDICULOUSLY gifted talent which is DJ Assassin (he served a similar, albeit less involved role with Baby Cham as well) who, in my opinion, the single most overall talented dancehall artist to emerge over the past decade (yep, Kartel included) (and keep in your head the name Bad Greg Hines, another WICKED young artist from Spragga`s camp, Red Square). Maintaining a relatively nice profile on the international scene, Spragga has had a few album releases through the years as well (although there should have DEFINITELY been more) having, by my count (and including this one) six internationally released long players to his credit. The first was the ULTRA hard to find (but well worth the hunt) Jack It Up from 1994 was easily one of the best dancehall releases of its time (and I still vibe it at least once a month), built off the strength of his early hit and the title track of the album for VP Records. The second and full on worst release of his career was his major label debut, the crossover attempt for Capitol Records, Uncommonly Smooth in 1995. A full half decade later saw Spragga FINALLY return to the comfortable confines of dancehall for the album Fully Loaded again for VP which was a virtual master class, definitely one of the finest dancehall albums I have EVER heard. Spragga checked back just two years later with the self produced solid set Thug Nature (which unfortunately was edited, could've been something special), a decent follow-up to Fully Loaded for BMG. Since then, he has joined many of his (mostly younger) peers in going the Japanese route in releasing the very hard to find Live Good which, in my opinion was a very solid piece just in 2007. NOW, should you, like most people (myself not included) have been unable to locate a copy of Live Good, Spragga reaches with just his second album in six years, the much anticipated Prototype for MBIG Music/Drop Di Bass Records (the album is released in conjunction with two other releases from the label, Mad Bwoy Anju from Mad Anju and the equally anticipated Addicted from Sizzla Kalonji).As I mentioned when going through Mad Bwoy Anju, these albums just have a very odd set of circumstances which went into their making as the producers (headed by Andre 'Freddy Krueger' Lee) and compilers apparently set out to do so many things with them. Thus, packed into fourteen tracks you hear a ton of different styles and most notably some downright unusual combinations. Opening the album is a trio of wholly unsatisfying tunes which really put a bad taste in my ears (if that's possible) (but thankfully, it picks up). First is  the downright awful For Life. For Life is a tune which finds di Benz exclaiming his love for the woman in his life over a basic piano set backing. Spragga Benz isn't an artist who has the some confines of like a Bounty Killer or a Mad Cobra where they could NEVER do such a sappy love song without risking instant career termination, but he's not that far from it and room being allocated for maturity and things like that (Spragga will be forty next year), if dancehall or reggae as a whole ever matures to the point where its okay for tune like For Life to exist, then I don't want to grow up! Next up is a slightly better but still sappy tune, No One (which actually finds Spragga singing in the chorus), No One is basically a small upgrade in everyway over For Life: Its another tune about the lady in Spragga's life, its over a better and fuller piano backing (the same riddim which backs the title track from Sizzla's Addicted and the hilarious F#%&a;! from Mad Bwoy Anju) and throughout the tune Spragga give just a bit more and more of the Spragga Benz I know. Completing the opening of Prototype (love the title and the cover, by the way) is another slight step up but still off point tune in Cocky, the album's first combination featuring spicy reggae songbird Calibe (she herself has a forthcoming release on MBIG scheduled, The Pursuit, definitely looking forward to that, she'll do well over the varied production style). Cocky is a song which isn't very unlike earlier Spragga but its just unexceptional, he can make MUCH better slack tunes, and maybe its just me, but I felt somewhat embarrassed for Calibe. Really a not so good intro on Prototype.Things really start to pick up after the opening almost immediately. The tune It's a Must is MUCH better than anything you'll hear on the first three tracks here. Spragga even sounds like himself again, the loud and free-flowing style is back as is the VERY clever pattern for which he is so known and respected. Check it literally and compare Cocky and It's a Must directly even just lyrically, it sounds like two different artists altogether and It's a Must over a more pounding high-tech riddim is definitely amongst Prototype's best offerings. As is Wuckin, a somewhat comical but well hot tune (about exactly what you think its about). On the tune's intro Spragga says it plain and simple, "I'm not a friggin' calypsonian! I'm not a soca king! Dats not my ting", yet he plays one very well as he rides the steel pan tinged riddim very nicely. No one will ever confuse him with Bunji Garlin or Machel Montano (no diss to Spragga, but even though it's a soca vibes, his pattern and cadence remains ever true and faithful to dancehall), but he more than holds his own with Wuckin. The album slowly reaches it highest point, before the VERY odd ending, beginning with the WICKED Take It Slow. The riddim here which sounds like a hip-hop tinged, dancehall one-drop with a nyah drum (yep, all of that!), is just BRILLIANT. No surprise at all, if you have heard anything from the Prototype album previously, it was probably Take It Slow, as the album's first single (it actually dropped late 2007 I believe). Definitely big credit to the producers and for his part, Spragga runs a complete master class. Go back and check the two opening tracks and compare them to the vibes on Take It Slow as all three tunes are about the love of the ladies in Spragga's life and you'll see the glaring difference, Definitely Take It Slow big big tune. In my opinion, its only topped by the MASSIVE Solidarity. The flow on Solidarity which rides another steel pan tinged riddim is nearly PERFECT. Benz turned to his more rootical side a bit in the middle of his career after sighting His Imperial Majesty and he opened up the possibility for tunes such as Solidarity and its easily one of the strongest such tunes he has done to date with a vibes preaching and teaching more unity amongst the people in the world and particularly the youths of the world. Big BIG tune is Solidarity. The end of Prototype is just something. . . I don't even know what to call it, its good and its bad. If you gave me a piece of paper and asked me to write down combinations of artists who I would like to see voice a tune together I might not even get to Spragga Benz alongside Sizzla Kalonji because the idea is just unusual. Apparently not to Lee and MBIG however as we get THREE different such pairings to end the album. First is the BAD Frigg Ya (which rides the same pop/alternative fused riddim as the tune Jamaican Girl). For the comparison Spragga FAR outshines Sizzla but seemingly BOTH belong as close to such a tune as I belong to short review. Next is the tune Number One which is a SLIGHT improvement (as they were in the beginning, so shall they be in the end) and rides the same high-tech riddim as It's a Must, both have their moments (and their faults) but again, its Spragga doing most of the shining here and again, you should really expect more from two such elite artists. Lastly the duo check in alongside Calibe returning with young singer Patri on Coming Home over the same soca heavy riddim as Wuckin (might want get a few more tracks for a little variety, although that one is amongst my favourite here). Coming Home is easily the best of the three (thanks to Calibe and Patri probably) but its still not amongst Prototype's strongest pieces overall. The ending here is quite interesting and weird, but I would still LOVE to hear Spragga Benz alongside Sizzla on a much more conventional roots reggae type of vibes in the future. That type of tune could potentially be magic.Overall, we should really expect more from Spragga at this point because he has proven himself to be capable of better (really, the Live Good album is a stronger piece). But that's just me coming from a much more straight forward reggae/dancehall preference (incidentally, I prefer Mad Anju over much the same set because of Anju's equally VARIED and WEIRD delivery, Spragga is far much more `usual' in his style), if you happen to enjoy a bit more of a mix in your reggae (meaning maybe you are a newer fan and just getting used to the vibes) you may very well enjoy the Prototype album. For older fans, you might just have to track down Live Good for a new Spragga album. Definitely give big praise to MBIG and Drop Di Bass for the big adventurous release, however. They, like me, undoubtedly looked at the landscape of the music and said a new Spragga album out on the streets couldn't hurt the vibes. Although completely varied and uneven, Prototype is a new piece of work from one of the true MASTERS of Dancehall.
I am a beginner.  I can play  few of the basic rhythms at moderate speed.There is a track for each of the standard Middle Eastern rhythm,  for some rhythms there are several.  The rhythm is played continuously at constant, moderate speed (around 140 bpm)  and without variation for a couple or more minutes.  The rhythm  may be take a different form in the fourth measure, but always in the same way.  An intro track for each rhythm speaks the strikes  for that rhythm.The tracks have a robotic sound to them.  Perhaps they were made with a drum machine,  I couldnt find any info.  They are completely uninspiring.  However,  I look at this as a specialized metronome that marks every note in the right place.  Playing along is very good drill, though not exciting.  Another use is to accompany the track with an embellished form of the rhythm.  Unfortunately, there are not faster and slower versions of the same rhythm and at 140bpm, most arabic drumming sounds lame.This is a good tool for a beginner like me. I downloaded the mp3 and for $9 its a good value.  I don't think it would be much value to an intermediate player.
More and more I'm expecting to have to learn German one day (a task which I am honestly NOT looking forward to) as nearly bimonthly I'm finding either new German reggae artists or Jamaican artists who have based themselves in the (oddly) reggae heavy country. First, there was Gentleman, who alone would definitely be enough to shift the eye of most reggae fans to Germany as he has virtually flooded the scene with solid vibes over the past half-decade or so. And you can't just look at Gentleman alone either as the German born reggae superstar has aligned himself with two VERY SOLID Jamaican artist Jack Radics and the insanely WICKED Daddy Rings. Both artists have obviously chosen to  pursue their careers for the most part in Germany and under the shadow of Gentleman, a move which undoubtedly has proven fruitful and brought themselves to a greater degree of popularity and exposed their vibes to a great deal of audiences they DEFINITELY would have otherwise not been available to. Then there came the Pow Pow Movement, perhaps the most respected of all German reggae labels (at least to my knowledge) who has voiced some of the top notch roots talents from the island and scored HITS with such names as Richie Spice, Jah Mason, Turbulence, Anthony B and Fantan Mojah. The label, probably, has most impressed me, however, with what they have done on the album side as SOLID releases from wonderful young singer Zareb from out of Mojah`s Macka Tree camp with Authentic Love, wicked Guadeloupe born Swiss chanter Cali P with Lyrical Faya and ESPECIALLY longtime Jamaican roots veteran Elijah Prophet with the brilliant King of Kings album from 2006. There have been others still such as the ridiculously underrated (locally speaking) Jah (Yah) Meek from out of St. Mary who has apparently garnered one of the strongest fanbases for ANY reggae artist in Germany through his dedication of his vibes almost solely to the country. I doubt most Jamaican fans know his name (although I have seen his name on a few bills), but the few of us that do hold him in as high regard as most of the local stars (he has a FANTASTIC tune with one such singer, Luciano, Everything is Possible, definitely check). Want more? Check the label IM Music which is probably best associated with African reggae artists (such as Rebellion the Recaller and potential South African superstar Black Dillinger) and stepped out in 2007 with the SUPREME Gangstalaw riddim; check one of my favourite female artist currently and Meek prot&eacute;g&eacute; Marlene Johnson (big new album out now My Typ' O Smooth) ; Uwe Banton; popular BIG vibed German based Fitta Warri from out of St. Andrew; 2006 breakout star Ray Darwin and I could REALLY go on and on! Germany is definitely doing big things on the reggae side (and I should mention native Trinidad chanter wicked Jah Sesco as well).The interesting  thing about EVERY artist that I've named so far (without exception) is that they are all primarily roots singers; not a dancehall artist amongst them. The vibes from Germany and the vibes German reggae fans appreciate clearly tend to shift to the rootical side (and to my experience it is a common them amongst European nations who love reggae, they tend to favour one style over the next as the UK LOVES old-school vibes (particularly lover's rock) and the Dutch tend to like roots vibes as well). You just don't see much dancehall sticking in Germany; until now. When I actually put a face and a familiar vibe alongside the name and bio of Ann Shakes, I was quite happy to see what had become of her these days as she too has apparently gone the German route of making her fan base and establishing her name. In Jamaica, she was known as having a few singles here and there, none of which REALLY stuck on too hard. HOWEVER, Ann Shakes has a small but almost VICIOUS bit of Jamaican fans who (mostly females) who stick by her very hard, thus she has had a few local hits, which obviously stuck (surprisingly, considering what they usually tent to like) with German fans as well. For my own opinion, I have somewhat mixed feelings on Shakes (what a wonderful name Lady Shakes would have been!) as the female dancehall (and all of reggae, for that matter) becomes more and more of a crowded bunch, you REALLY need to do something special to set yourself apart from the pack (like going to Germany!), and, at least in terms of image, I would put her somewhere DIRECTLY between Lady Patra and Macka Diamond. Style-wise, however, I cannot drop one ounce of criticism as, whether knowingly or unknowingly, Shakes has one of the most delightful and charming old-school styles of deliveries of ANYONE in the dancehall game right now and while I don't know ultimately how that will fit in amongst the high-tech up and comers and established names such as Ce'cile, Lady Spice, Danielle, D'Angel and Timberly, should you happen to be a fan of old school dancehall in the modern sense, outside of Macka Diamond and Lady Saw (SOMETIMES), I would probably mention to you to check out Ann Shakes IMMEDIATELY! I was rather surprised when I learned that she would be making her debut with a German label, Hybrid Records, who I had NEVER HEARD OF BEFORE, as Shakes had basically fallen into the `whatever happened to' category with me as it had been sometime since I had heard her name in the game. Ann Shakes makes her debut album, Lovermuffin which, in spite of its problems and odd moments (and it has its fair share of both) really makes me wonder just who else she took with her to Germany! Lovermuffin is an album which introduces (or in our case, reintroduces) an artist to the international scene that we could REALLY use around once she REALLY hits her musical peak.Ann Shake' previous local output (at least to my knowledge) wasn't very thick, so  the first thing that really caught my eye on Lovermuffin was the WHOPPING twenty two tracks (without ANY interludes and no track dipping below three minutes in length)! And if you cut out the excess `fat' you can really find a nice album in between. Lovermuffin opens with  something that I'm SURE is FAT but I just can't seem to dislike it. Calling is the CORNY yet downright addictive piece from Shakes which just makes you feel BAD for liking. The first verse of the tune actual follows the pattern of Patra's hit Queen of the Pack and the rest of the tune is just as odd and corny, but for some reason I enjoyed so in that respect, mission accomplished Ann Shakes. Up next is the far more easily disliked Promis Him which follows the pattern of some Diamond tune which I'm just too lazy too figure out but it really never takes off the ground. The one good thing I'll say about the tune is that it's the first song here on which you really get a taste of Shakes' vibes, especially on the somewhat clever first verse. Later on, she basically links dancehall catch phrases together and it somewhat works, but as a whole Promis Him (which is your all too typical `woman get that money' type of tune); mission unaccomplished Shakes. Finishing the opening of Lover muffin (nice album title) is Miss Catch Eye, EASILY one of the best tunes on the album. Miss Catch Eye flows over the well traveled and ever faithful Real Rock riddim and it gives this old school style artist a fitting backdrop for her style for legendary producer Black Scorpio. The tune itself is somewhat of a iconoclast of the MANY MANY male boast and brag tunes over the year (and particularly fitting again considering the riddim) but it's a delightful tune and I would have liked her to go at a few more of such riddims.Shakes, as I mentioned, has had a couple of tunes which caught the ears of certain spots of the public locally, one of which, and arguably her biggest has been the VERY Macka Diamond sounding Love Him over Big Yard's POUNDING Wild 2nite riddim. I think I had heard that tune twenty times or so before I actually realized that it wasn't Macka Diamond's vocals and it would have come at the PEAK time of Diamond's re-arrival on the scene, catching her at the height of her powers. Instead its Ann Shakes scoring one of her biggest tunes to date and one of her album's biggest as well. SHOCKINGLY (I have to mention) a tune which appears just after Love Him is the ODD Mi Baby which takes the pattern of a few tunes (one Macka, one Lady Spice) and flows over Dave Kelly's 85 RIDDIM! The riddim is PERFECT for Shakes' style of vibsing but it just doesn't work (try it again definitely!). While I may have a hard time keeping up with  the German scene (and I think I do okay) someone who doesn't have the same problem keeping up with ANY NEW FEMALE FACE in the game is reigning dancehall King Beenie Man who joins Ann Shakes on Lovermuffin's biggest tune overall (unsurprisingly) Factory Fault. Beenie will forever keep himself dropping top notch combination with young female dancehall artists (D'Angel, Ms. Thing, Ce'cile, Barbee, Spice, Alaine. . .) and Shakes is no difference. Factory Fault is NEARLY MASSIVE! Even though the tune is VERY elementary, Shakes also scores with the title track here as it also has a very nice old school vibes with it and is a bit of a lover's style tune (in terms of subject matter, not in terms of music). Anytime she can get close to that type of vibes, it's a good thing pretty much for Ann Shakes. Another pretty good thing for Shakes is the BIG Run Away, I just know the tune follows some international or another, but I really don't care. Shakes again channels the spirit of Patra (whose still with us) and sounds almost EXACTLY like the former dancehall queen throughout and the tune WORKS! With a nice reggae vibe mixed in with that `typically weird' Euro bounce feel, its definitely unusual, but the tune is definitely a big one. Shakes does seem to know her place quite well as she doesn't shy away from more traditional vibes (unlike some of her peers who'll replace reggae with hip-hop to change things up). Such a tune (which I don't like actually) is Granny. I like the fact that a tune like Granny is on the album coming from Shakes over a very nice acoustic-guitar based one drop. The tune itself just isn't pleasing, however, because Shakes employs a style of voicing which is. . . NOPE. On the dancehall side, check Bobby Wrong, a WEIRD (find I'm using that word a lot here) tune which flows over a riddim which is just as much old-school minimalist dancehall style as it is hip-hop and a bit of techno! Whatever you want to call it, it works to a very nice degree, although I'm NOT sure I want to hear it again actually. I would, however, take another helping of the HILARIOUS Like That, yet another ODD one, yet in this case, almost COMPLETELY clever (interspersed with bits of WHOLLY FORGETTABLE material) x-rated tune (speaking of x-rated, check Glamity) as Shakes just can't figure out who gave her the wonderful time she had the night before. I'll mention the QUEEN odd tune of them all, Shakes Go Do It as well; where dancehall meets the Beach Boys. The tune is, like Shakes herself, oddly addictive and really, despite the fact that I'm not too fond of it, one of the real signature tracks from her ever-expanding catalogue. Lovermuffin reaches its end with tune Staring, another somewhat Addictive elementary style of tune.Two tunes (well one) which aren't here to check would be the one which I THINK first brought her to local prominence Girls Liberation (over the very nice Wild West riddim) and ANY tune which finds the Kingston DJ chatting in German, I heard a bit of her skills in the language and was looking forward to hearing SOMETHING on the album, but not here for an album obviously geared towards home. I would also mention to check out ANY of Shakes' videos and she has several nice ones (if I didn't mention before, Ann Shakes is very attractive).Overall, Lovermuffin would have been much better had it been about 10 songs shorter, its generally a bad idea (ESPECIALLY in dancehall) to make debut albums very long, unless the `wind up' to the album was unusually long (such was the case of Vybz Kartel and he had eighteen tracks on his debut, Up 2 Di Time from 2003). Ann Shakes (much like Kartel) has a very different style and one which will require a bit of development before I THINK she can successfully bring it home and achieve a level of local popularity which will rival that of her obviously high respects in Germany. As I said, she has the very nice old-school style, however, when its NOT working she can't rely on anything else (unlike Macka Diamond whose EXTREMELY FAMILIAR and winning personality can make tunes work for her even when they're not very good). However, when all of those things can align themselves just perfectly, Ann Shakes has the potential to roll near the front of the ever increasingly crowded class of female dancehall prodigies. Lovermuffin is just a small small teaser.
I enjoy orchestral Middle Eastern musicn and would  put this in the easy listening category.  The melodies are truly beautiful.
I like this cd a lot because it has all body workouts, triceps, biceps, legs, abs and fun music. Great workout!
It may be doomed to FOREVER go completely under the radar, but there can be no denying amongst the reggae album buying community (all ten of us) about the significant contribution made to the modern landscape of our music by VP Records' Riddim Driven series. The series, at its core, is simply a series for the producers to showcase their top talents and display their riddims to the international world and it has definitely become one of the signature series for not only VP, but for modern reggae/dancehall music as a whole (maybe even add the soca crown in there as well), alongside their very own Strictly the Best and Reggae Gold series as well. And while, by its own nature, Riddim Driven is something which at least seems to be reserved for the hardest of hardcore reggae heads (who happen to know and like a particular riddim), it has also proven popular amongst the not so `initiated' fans of reggae as well. It is however, of course, a favourite amongst reggae/dancehall DJ's and soundmen all over the world and I'd argue that you'd be hard-pressed to find a reggae DJ (outside of the Caribbean) who is not at least aware of Riddim Driven. To date, I myself have purchased probably a couple of dozen installments of the series (even some where I had NO IDEA what the riddim sounded like; I checked them purely on the lineup of artists voicing it (like the Diesel riddim)) and have found them not only well entertaining, for the most part, but quite useful as reference points as well. It is always interesting as well to see which riddims will and which will not reach Riddim Driven. Previously, VP's largest competitor, the UK based Greensleeves (who they have since bought and continue to run) also had their own Rhythm Album Series, which literally BATTLED Riddim Driven for not only riddims, but producers and artists as well, was known for largely choosing the more hardcore riddims while VP would favour the more polished and more popular tracks for their series. Greensleeves undoubtedly hit its high point when they virtually locked up Stephen `Lenky' Marsden's 40/40 Productions and with it, publishing rights for one of the BIGGEST riddims of all time, Lenky's Diwali. That `miss' notwithstanding (and both VP's and Greensleeves' miss at Don Corleone's run of sickly high level one drops with the Drop Leaf, Seasons and Heavenly), Riddim Driven has been home to some of the most popular riddims of recent years as well such as the Liquid (which you know from Elephant Man's Log On, the 85 (Baby Cham's Ghetto Story), the Smash (Tony Matterhorn's Dutty Wine), the I Swear (Chuck Fender's title track and several others) and even the re-release of the Lalibella (Tony Rebel's If Jah and many others). Simply put, Riddim Driven has been MASSIVE.In recent years, while the output of the series has definitely slowed a degree (with just two installments appearing this year prior to this release, already nearly nine months in), we have definitely seen a more streamlined approach to doing things. One of the ways VP has obviously done so is by limiting itself to its either most favourite and productive producers or only lending Riddim Driven to some of the more `important' riddims of choice at the moment. An example of the latter would definitely be the last release of Riddim Driven, the Rub-A-Dub riddim in April, which featured not only Richie Spice's Di Plane Land (the first single from his album, Gideon Boot, also on VP), but I Am Not Afraid from Etana's album The Strong One (also on VP) and a single from Morgan Heritage's Mission in Progress album (also on VP), Nothing To Smile about (and I'm sure Same Old Story from Capleton, another VP artist, didn't make the choice any harder either). Definitely VP would be wise to add the producer of the Rub-A-Dub, Kemar `Flava' McGregor of No Doubt Records, to its official roster as well, recently they have seemingly focused their attentions on two producers; Stephen `Di Genius' McGregor of Big Ship and Arif Cooper of Fresh Ear Productions. Cooper now takes an `edge' on his young peer as apparently he has linked up with VP for his very own Riddim Driven series within the series, To The World (although I'd imagine that young McGregor could have a similar deal INSTANTLY if he wanted it) which now reaches the masses with its first installment. Cooper and Fresh Ear definitely have a bit of a history with VP and a recent one. Just in late 2007, Cooper re-released his RIDICULOUS Guardian Angel riddim on Riddim Driven. The GA was DEFINITELY one of the biggest riddims of the past two years and a score for the series (more on that in minute), but it wasn't Cooper's first time on the series. He also checked in twice in 2006 with the R.A.W. (which you know for backing Vybz Kartel's hit Tic Toc) and the underrated Full Draw (Kartel's Woman A Mi Sunshine) book ending the year, but those weren't his first appearances either. There was the Move in 2005 (Beenie Man's No Surrender); the Phantom before that in 2004 (Kartel's What U Want From Me?); and Cooper's first effort to catch VP's attention and arrive on Riddim Driven was 2004's annoyingly addictive (which featured Kartel alongside Lukie D on the riddim's biggest tune, Every Now & Then). If anyone were qualified to run their own Riddim Driven series based on standing, experience, hits made and overall contribution DIRECTLY to the series, Arif Cooper and Fresh Ear would definitely be a prime source and  therefore, although I'm A LITTLE surprised by this (and again, this may not be HIS series, just a series within the series for multiple producers), if it were to happen, placing his name on the project is definitely the least surprising of the details.What To The World is (or at least appears to be) is a series which may make the traditional RD series even more appetizing to fans less familiar with reggae as it actually features three different riddims on the single album. The first riddim is a toned down and more acoustic version of the Guardian Angel riddim which doesn't feature any new tunes (each of the five songs on this album were featured on the original riddim and on the RD for it). And the Guardian Angel is followed by two of Cooper's newer pieces on To The World; the Revolution and the  Up & Live. Opening this is, as mentioned, the acoustic version of the Guardian Angel with Jamelody's effort, My King opening things up. Besides the tune itself, what's most interesting about this tune (and has been `bothering' me for quite a while) is that My King was NOWHERE TO BE FOUND when his debut album, Be Prepared (also on VP) was released in April. My King is EXCEPTIONAL and would have been amongst the class of that album (maybe even THE class). Here, it sounds as good as ever, really the GA at its core wasn't very HARD or LUSH (still it was divine) and turning it to an acoustic vibes isn't a very drastic change at all. And Jamelody, or course bless it in fine still singing for The King. TOK scored the title track of the Guardian Angel (very nice riddim title for this one) riddim and its no surprise why. It was one of the four or five tunes which were really MASSIVE for that riddim. Incidentally here, despite what I just said, I will say that I prefer the original to the acoustic for Guardian Angel the tune, especially during the DJ segment as they tend to need a bit more 'animation', but still, the tune is well powerful and if you were going to take a selection of the best of the riddim, it would definitely be amongst your choices. Each and every tune on the Guardian Angel fights for second place in the presence of Jah Cure's MAMMOTH To Your Arms Of Love on the original and nothing changes here. He could sing the song with running water backing him up and it wouldn't matter none at all. And if you forced me to (and because of how the album is set up, I don't really think it matters much here) I'd DEFINTELY call it To the World's biggest tune overall. Alaine also sounds as good as ever with her Rise In Love (maybe the commercially biggest tune on the riddim and my choice for second best) and I never favoured Kartel's I'm Missing You A Lot but so many did and its here as well to complete the Guardian Angel acoustic version riddim showcase on the album.Now the fun stuff. The next five tracks of To The World belong to Cooper's newer Revolution riddim. The Revolution is very much along the current vibes right now: It is a REALLY big sounding and powerful dancehall riddim like the Gang War, the Mission and most of the stuff coming from Big Ship these days. It isn't particularly exceptional, save for the `hymning' part of the riddim which is very impressive and original. Kartel puts the Revolution through its paces with his opening tune for the riddim, Money Over War is high-tech, DARK and DETAILED, pretty much everything you've come expect from him over such a riddim. Assassin (to my surprise) also checks in with his War Zone cut for the Revolution. Over the past few years, probably more so than anyone in the dancehall Assassin has polished his vibes (probably with Baby Cham and Busy Signal being second and third respectively), making him EASILY one of dancehall's most consistent artist. War Zone is HUGE! And from a technical standpoint definitely the best thing you'll hear on the riddim. Still, force me to pick a single biggest tune here, everything being considered and the one I walk away singing is "Mourning in the Morning!", from Munga Honourable. Munga tends to run in streaks varying from good and bad, you won't catch him on a better streak than obviously Cooper did when they voiced Mourning. The tune (more than any other tune here) shows the Revolution itself at its finest with all its subtle changes and it is SUPERB! I'll also mention the very nice Doner from young `Jamaican Idol' (aka Digicel Rising Stars) winner Christopher Martin. His fans would probably argue with me, but I haven't heard a stronger tune from Martin than Doner which SLAMS (deservedly so) all the deadbeat fathers who simply make their `donation' to create the baby and go on their way. Doner is BIG!Definitely my least favourite of the three riddims of To The World closes the show as the Up & Live takes center stage. I could tell you how the riddim was likely to have sounded based simply on the presence of Voice Mail (who actually has the title track for the riddim) and Sultex 3000. Any riddim containing both is surely to be some big electric hype sounding piece of riddim. And that is EXACTLY what the Up & Live is. Ultra popular Swede Million Stylez is also here and opens things with One Truth, definitely one of the finer tunes you'll hear on the Up & Live riddim. Stylez actually is one of the few artists who tends to favour such riddims that I actually like (Miss Fatty Fatty and its remix = Exhibit A,B) and One Truth is unsurprisingly far more than simply `bearable', it's a nice (conscious) tune. If you can sit through  the madness that is the title tune here from Voicemail then you have much better patience than I do. The class of the riddim is really (along with Stylez) Kartel and Sean Paul with Body Wine and Midas Touch, respectively. Fully expect to see Midas Touch on Paul's next album whenever it reaches definitely and it may even be a featured tune as it did prove to be a decent local hit for the poster boy (big up Sean Paul every time). Sultex 3000 alongside Taz end To The World and the Up & Live with his album title song and in doing so makes my point about such a riddim: If I'm going out to a club DEFINITELY the riddim here which would be my favourite is the Up & Live, you can dance ALL NIGHT to the thing. But on an album? Any riddim Sultex can ride successfully, ANY one of them, is much better left in Asylum and other clubs, keep them far away from albums as they are not only annoying but frustrating (ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVEN'T BEEN OUT IN A MINUTE) and he, nor Taz, struggle at all with the Up & Live.Overall, I kind of like the idea for such an album but I would definitely like to see a shift. Again, I don't exactly know if this is STRICTLY Arif Cooper's series (I'm thinking so because it has FRESH EAR PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS emblazoned on the cover) or just VP's for a variety of different producers. If its for a whole heap of others as well, then I think it's a fine idea for probably some of the younger producers to get their names and vibes out to the people because they're not likely to have STACKED a riddim full of twelve to fifteen tunes which you normally see on riddim albums. And also, it'll mighty difficult to take riddims from the likes of Cooper, Di Genius, Flava and the upper ranks of the Don Corleones, Scattas, Mario Cs and the bros. Kelly of the world without limiting them FAR to much. And if it is Cooper's series alone, the definitely giving one of reggae's strongest and most consistent producers a reason to spend more time in the studio, cannot hurt ANYONE who really likes reggae music.
After hearing Marco's vocals on the demos, I wish they would have just let him be the lead singer.  He's awesome, but I suppose they wanted so remain a female-fronted metal band.  I think "Reach" owns the album version of "Amaranth".  This album is probably worth buying for that song and "While Your Lips Are Still Red" alone.
This is not Poe of US fame, this is an international artist not performed in English.
I am sorry to say this is not the POE that I had hoped; it's catchy but not my style ...... wish it wasn't incorrectly linked here; and sad to say Amazon hasn't recatogorized it yet; in spite of having been notified before. Oh well; guess it might represent sales; in their world.
There were a number of error files on both disc, on disc 1 Numbers 14, 16, 17, 18, and 19, and on disc 2 numbers 12, 13, 16,17, and 18 a total ten track of poor quality or non-playableI would rather recommend the CD instead of the download
Amen is a powerful arrangement.  I suggest getting just Amen from this one and getting the entire Freedom No Go Die. The music of Kapital is good, but the lyrics are dumb and hard to ignore.
Like the other guy said, this stuff is completely unfaithful to the regions they are trying to emulate. Not bad pieces mind you (hence the 3 star) but their titles are VERY misleading.
I find myself more and more these days basically taking advantage of the fact that my collection of reggae music (and all Caribbean music for that matter) has now grown to an absolutely wonderful load. For the better part of the past half decade or so ALMOST ANYTHING which was scheduled to be released and was marked `reggae' in any way shape or form has arrived on my doorstep and while I definitely haven't kept all of it, I've amassed quite the personal catalogue for myself, one which is full of constant surprises. When I have gone searching through my archives under the guise of just looking `for something to listen to' recently I've been downright lucky with some of the gems I've come across which I originally neglected to spin through for some reason. For example, not too long ago there was an album by the name of Element Of Surprise from impressive singer Mykal Somer from out of St. Kitts that I found in my own closet, with it's original factory sealed wrap intact. Element Of Surprise was a pretty big album and I was literally thanking myself for my tastes back in 2003 (when it was originally released) for apparently having picked up a copy. Also, there is a fairly talented dancehall artist who I `re-ran' into in my own collection by the name of Honoureble whose debut album, Fire + Ice, I can remember always meaning to buy, and apparently I had at some point without actually recalling having done so AT ALL. Most commonly, I'll find rather nostalgic editions of VP Records' famed Riddim Driven series or Greensleeves' Rhythm Album series. There was a point in the earlier 2000's when these riddim albums were released at an astonishing rate (and in the case of Greensleeves at a ratio of approximately 3:1 when compared to actual artists' releases) and I would almost freely pick them up WHENEVER I encountered them, seemingly with my only condition to be met for purchase that I had not already purchased that particular installment (although I'd be lying if I said I had NO repeats, obviously having forgotten what I had and had not picked up). I've come across fresh and unopened copies of things like the X5 Riddim (which featured Lady Saw's WICKED Baddest Girl and Bounty Killer's scathing (albeit unnecessary) shot at Baby Cham and Dave Kelly, Just Dead), The Flip riddim and the Phantom Riddim as well, all from VP; and pieces like the Threat riddim album (check T.O.K's streamlined Where I'm From on that one) and the  Jumbie, all of them finds occurring within the last year or so. I'll also occasionally find albums from some of my favourite artists that I just never really got around to spinning and that, of course, is the GEM.While I wouldn't necessarily call the particular album in question here an actual GEM, it is a term DEFINITELY applicable to its creator, he criminally underrated, but just as CONSISTENT Mikey General. In much the same fashion I seem to be treating singers like Chrisinti and especially Yami Bolo these days, I find myself really appreciating the General more and more these days (maybe I'm getting old!). Thus, I was downright overjoyed to be digging through crates of vinyl and CD's and stumble across this loooooong forgotten release from the General, Stronger Rastaman, which was originally released way back in 1995 (I was all of fourteen years old). General, much like his good friend and `spiritual brother' the very popular Messenjah, Luciano, were very early members of the Xterminator camp, headed by legendary producer, Phillip `Fattis' Burrell which, in terms of modern roots reggae, had definitely turned out to be one of the most storied labels on the landscape in its entirety. Quite a great deal of General's (and Luciano's) earlier work came produced at the hands of Xterminator, which means that (after awhile) they were afforded some of the most popular and simply well done riddims of the era, created by such people as Donald Dennis, Steven Stanley and the incomparable Dean Fraser. I have to definitely admit to my own personal bias as Xterminator is far and away one of my favourite labels; it was in it's heyday (the late 1990's) when I REALLY started paying more of an attention to roots reggae and now, having canvassed the era slightly before and been ALL through the subsequent time, I feel full on very confident saying that it was at the hands of Burrell and Fraser and Dennis and Stanley and definitely their fine stable of artists that MODERN roots reggae really began to take its shape and begin to become what we know it as today (big respect goes to Richard Bell at Star Trail as well definitely). The UK born General, alongside names like (Roaring) Lion, Prince Malachi, Congo Jesse and Shadowman make up the underrated and honestly somewhat forgotten members of the group, which is a shame as, although he is primarily known for his work with Luciano, you simply will not find too many artists AT ALL, not even veterans, who are overall as talented or have as great of a NATURAL FEEL for making roots reggae music. While his vibes tend not to ascend to the stratosphere where Luciano hangs out (speaking in terms of popularity) anyone with a halfway decent ear trained in roots reggae music can hear almost immediately that his abilities are not very far, if at all, behind those of his superstar friend. Stronger Rastaman is a very nice example of that as, despite what can perhaps be best described as it's lack of `flare' or `spice' its still a very very nice album from the General and one which roots heads, should they feel inclined to track it down, will almost certainly enjoy. By my count, Stronger Rastaman was the third album of Mikey General's career and his third for Xterminator (incidentally, Sinners, which I believe to be his first, is the exact same album as Stronger Rastaman with a varying track order) and for me personally, having the opportunity to listen through it was a very nice vibes, brought back some nice memories and actually taught me a few things as well under the `tent' of the knowledge that Mikey General just doesn't make bad music. Stronger Rastaman is no exception.Actually, this album predates my experience in listening to and enjoying Xterminator music. It was maybe a couple of years following it's release that I REALLY started paying attention to their vibes. Therefore, while there is definitely a bit in the riddims that I recognize, some of it is COMPLETELY new to me, which, of course, is a very nice thing to my ears. Getting things started on this very nice thing is the very nice tune Tired Of It. I swear I've been spinning this tune since I started writing this review (and incidentally, I'm still not tired of it) because its just a really LOVELY vibes. The song expresses itself in a historical and knowledge type of set and in the course gets the very powerful, and rather timely, message across that people are just tired after literally thousands of years of oppression. A very uplifting and uniting vibes and one of the best tunes on Stronger Rastaman definitely. Very nice opener. Next up is what is essentially the title track of the album, Rasta Have To Be Stronger. This tune carries another very heavy message (as is Mikey General's style) as on it, the General says that Rastafari and Africa itself will have to toughen up if we are assumed to make any kind of progress in a world which is constantly progressing with or without us knowing about it. It also, at least to my ears, raises the constant question of EXACTLY what is the place of Rastafari in the society, besides the stereotypical view of the singer making the music. VERY deep tune right there and definitely don't skip through it at all, take your time with it. Completing the opening to Mikey General's Stronger Rastaman album is the obligatory ode to the Black Queen's, the beautiful Woman Of Israel. The tune is almost PERFECTLY done by General. In fact, had you told me of such a tune from the artist I probably would have imagined something very similar to what Woman Of Israel turns out to be definitely. Its just the type of tune you've heard hundreds of times and will hear hundreds of more times, always necessary and always poignant, the same applies here, lovely vibes. Altogether a pretty nice, albeit an expected, start to the album.As I mentioned, Stronger Rastaman was released before I really began spinning Xterminator music. THUS, it was before I became exposed to the artist who I rate today as my favourite overall, Sizzla Kalonji. So I was wonderfully surprised to hear the tune Black & Comely on this album which features Mikey General alongside Sizzla himself and in the process (VERY UNSURPRISINGLY) scores to my tastes the finest outing on the album altogether. The tune finds what would have been a nineteen year old Sizzla well into the vibes which would ultimately make him a superstar and he and General come together to make a very memorable tune espousing on the virtues of Black unity and redemption. Definitely a BIG and EMPOWERING track and you really wouldn't have expected less from such a combination. Big tune. The General rides solo to deliver what is, in my opinion, Stronger Rastaman's second finest effort, the OUTSTANDING repatriation anthem, I'm Going Home. Until I got down to Black & Comely, I'm Going Home was my favourite tune here and even after I'm still LOVING IT! The song is just so richly sang and wonderfully performed by the General and, in retrospect, in kind of reminds me of Ras Attitude's big tune from 2007, Trodding Home. Always love to hear truly BIG tunes about HOME and that is exactly what comes through on I'm Going Home, indeed. I also took a keen interest in the tune Sinners (as apparently it was big enough for Fattis to name an entire album after it) and it is a very heavy track as well. Coming in over a SPARKLING one-drop Sinners was a tune I was actually quite familiar with having seen Mikey General perform it live several times actually so it was nice to finally be able to put a studio version with the big live tune I know so fondly. Much like Luciano, Mikey General is much more of a spiritual artist in that he typically draws spiritual or abstract imagery in his vibes, but dropped right near the middle of Stronger Rastaman are two very nice social commentaries, Deh Pon Dem and Many Have Fallen. Deh Pon Dem is the stronger of the two as the General speaks on the violence in the ghetto and SPECIFICALLY gets into a story telling type of situation which is actually far from his norm and ultimately is a very impressive twist of things there. For its part, Many Have Fallen is slightly less detailed than its predecessor, but comes in with a very `responsible' vibes as well and it is a social commentary with more than a dash of the spiritual which is a very nice mix. I do have to go back and mention the very nice tune I'll Never Be Ashamed which is more traditional Mikey General than the two tracks I just mentioned. You can sum up the tune with the most memorable lines from the tune as the General says, "I'll never be ashamed to Jah Jah name!". Definitely, of course I don't remember or know at this point, but I wouldn't at all be surprised if I'll Never Be Ashamed was a single from the album at all, it has a very nice sound which also encompasses what most listeners know Mikey General's music to be. As the album winds down it offers one of it's real highlights, the downright BRILLIANT New Name. New Name is a track which I could probably best describe as a `faith unifying' type of vibes. In it the General describes a chance meeting he had with a woman of a different walk of life than his own and while he was full on accepting of her thoughts she was very adamant in denying his and he uses the mantra of `new name' to signify that really and truly, we may all be looking for the SAME entity, regardless of what we call him/her. Big tune which very much was lost in the shuffle there. Stronger Rastaman closes with the decent changeup I'm Wondering, kind of a jilted lover's type of vibes. Its not one of the best tunes here AT ALL, but it kind of blends away at the end and is definitely forgivable.Overall, I really can't say anything negative about Mikey General's Stronger Rastaman. While it is definitely short on something to separate it from the pack (and many would argue, myself DEFINITELY not included that is a condition which strikes General himself as well), to my ears, it comes across as just a nice vibes and really every album doesn't have to be that BIG super album and you'll have far more albums like this than those. Stronger Rastaman also doesn't find the General at his absolute best (which is something you would hope would be the case for an album almost fourteen years old with a still active artist) but, again, his talent still comes across very nicely because of his overall FEEL for roots music. This album best serves a purpose for DEEP roots heads, particularly those spawned in the modern era. For you, like me, Stronger Rastaman while far from the best album you'll ever hear, is just a joy to listen to from Mikey General, one of the most underappreciated MASTERS of modern reggae music. Not at all bad for something I barely knew I even had.
(3.5stars)As the year 2008 winds down in it's final month and a half, there is a very nice piece of time to reflect on the nice year that was in terms of reggae releases but there remain very few pieces to look forward to. 2008 was also a year filled with so much promise in terms of actual album releases and fulfilled on quite a bit of them, but still left just a few unsettled for all of us who actually buy reggae albums these days (all thirteen of us). Early 2009 figures to finish off things left from 2008 as you can very well expect releases from the likes of Capleton, Bounty Killer and already official is Anthony B's next project (Rise Up, from Greensleeves). Later in the year, we can look forward to the return of Tanya Stephens, the amazing Queen Ifrica's prime time debut with VP Records and even dancehall ace Beenie Man with a new album as well. 2008, itself, actually carried a nice roster of names, the real highlight remaining the debut of roots princess Etana with (in my opinion) the year's finest reggae album period, her debut, The Strong One. It also featured full releases from top acts such as Luciano, (of course) Sizzla, Richie Spice, even SPRAGGA BENZ and HEAVY D, Beres Hammond, Ce'cile, Gyptian, Busy Signal and finally introduced the international world to names such as Cali P and Jamelody with their debut albums as well. And as I said, as the time to usher in 2009 rapidly approaches, there still remain just a bit of business to tend to for the hardcore reggae head. By far the highest profile still remaining on 2008's list of `things-to-do' concerning reggae is Fantan Mojah's EXCELLENT sophomore release, Stronger. I've already had the privilege of listening the completed project and my only question is exactly how high I'll be ranking it at year's end (that one is seriously something special right there, definitely pick that up). There's also the matter of a personally much anticipated project for me, Know The Road, which is an album from Trenchtown chanter Norrisman for the US based Lustre Kings Productions which I have actually been looking forward to hearing when I first heard of it probably more than five years ago now (and if the first thing I've heard from it, the BRILLIANT When Your Time Is Up alongside St. Thomas star Pressure Busspipe is any indication, the album will be very good). There's also respected releases for Jah Mason (Keep Ya Head Up), Lutan Fyah (Love The Creator) and upstart Teflon (Motherless Child); all of which may already be released or officially postponed by this point, I just haven't received any of them yet. The point being that if you REALLY are paying attention, you can't already consider the vibes of 2008 something of the past just yet.Because if you do just that you run the risk of missing out on one of my more anticipated releases of the second half of the year, from one of my new personal favourite artists, the captivating singer Lloyd Brown, from out of the UK. I STILL remain, a year later, well under the `spell' cast by Brown's wonderful 2007 album, Silver, celebrating his twenty-fifth year in the business as a reggae artist. The Silver album was something serous, which I don't think (in no fault of Brown's own, apparently he promoted the album to utmost degree) really received its fair share amongst reggae heads and although I hadn't REALLY caught on for sure until Silver, when you impress me like that, it takes A LOT to get you off of my radars at some point (just ask Norris Man). That album also made me go back and pick through a few selections prior to it and since then, I have taken on the very well done Said & Done album and also, far more recently (still listening through it actually) 2004's Dreams To Remember for Lloyd Campbell and VP Records. To my knowledge, Dreams to Remember was the last time Brown chose to work on someone else's schedule and since then has set up his own camp, RiddimWorks Entertainment, which has not only sent out his now last three projects (through Donville Davis' Cousins Records) but has seen Brown producing music (and videos, which he seems to churn out as fast ANYONE in reggae music altogether these days) for some of his peers which amount to some of the better known and respected UK reggae acts, such as Peter Spence (more on him in a bit) and Donna Marie (who I REALLY need to learn more about, she also had an album out for 2008, Next Chapter, also for Cousins). Now, returning to his own business, the veteran Lloyd Brown once again through his RiddimWorks and Cousins Records releases his third album in as many years, Brownie Points. Again, every album after Silver from Brown will carry a bit of weight and anticipation for me for quite awhile now and when I learned about the coming of Brownie Points, I have to admit that I was a bit surprised (although I shouldn't have been). Again, for me, Silver was something so big, still definitely meditating on that one and having not had the experience of Lloyd Brown (as many of his Jamaican counterparts) as an artist who will key in and throw an album every year for several years in a row or even multiple albums in the same year; and  taking into account the way he makes his albums with he himself doing virtualy all of the work and planning with his projects, I didn't expect to see Silver's legitimate follow-up until 2009, at the earliest. However, here it comes on Brown's own time (actually, from what I heard it was released a couple of weeks prior to his knowledge) as it really should be. Brownie Points is an unusual vibed album to my ears. It definitely isn't as good as Said & Done and DEFINITELY not Silver, but what it is, is something which almost sounds like a concept album. At times it sounds like he may have had one or two ideas in his head and simply just built an entire album around that thought. The result is an album, which is a bit more easy and laid back than the aforementioned previous efforts and if it was Lloyd Brown's intentions to just have a good time and hold a vibes with some of his friends on Brownie Points: Mission accomplished.The first thing you'll notice when you start listening Brownie Points (the same thing I noticed) is the mysterious woman who introduces every track as "Brownie point number _", followed by a brief introduction of the message of the tune, that's part of what kind of made me think Brown had some kind of unique idea or some SPECIFIC thing he wanted to do with the album and, to be honest, I do think it's a nice touch. Do not make the same mistake that I did and overlook "Brownie Points # One" as there is a song after the forty-second intro, Return Of The One. Throughout his very long and distinguished career Brown has definitely accrued the status with which to make Return Of The One fitting for him to sing and at times the tune really brings a smile to my face as he delivers some very clever lines as a slap in the to his critics. BUT, its just a weird tune to me, as someone who has been paying attention: He hasn't really been gone. And the tune has kind of an odd (I THINK) UK drum and base type of backing, which did grow on me after awhile. VERY interesting opening for Brownie Points. Up next is "Brownie Point # Two", the pretty sweet Love Is. Brown, like many of his UK peers REALLY earn their bread as lover's rock singers thus, if you haven't before taken a healthy listen to the artist, what you can really expect (and this goes for all of his work that I've heard thus far) for him to throw in some of his best work on the love tunes. Love Is a very strong example of that to my ears, the tune is really well crafted and just a POLISHED vibes, its certainly not the best such tune that I've heard him sing thus far (currently LOVING Show Me That You Love me from. . . Silver, of course) but it has a very nice vibes and a unique sound which really picks up during its four minutes and six seconds. Completing the opening of Brownie Points is "Brownie Point # Three" is the best of the lot and one of the best tunes on the album altogether, Let Music Feed which is the first of the album's four official combinations, this one alongside (previously unknown to me) UK lover's rock singer, Lady Lex. First of all, Lady Lex has a BEAUTIFUL voice! Her's is definitely a name I'll keep in the mind. The song itself is quite interesting as well as its like a slap to those in the industry who may be a bit more harsh with freeing up the music, as Brown wonderfully puts it "music found its way before you came here, music shall remain after you leave, so while you're here just share what FATHER gave, set the music free!". A BIG TUNE THERE!Besides Lady Lex, Lloyd Brown also brings in a few of his other friends. Check the BUBBLING It Takes Two alongside longtime UK veteran singer. Honestly the tune is the remake of the classic tune of the same name, which, to my ears is KIND OF sappy (the riddim there is RIDICULOUSLY addictive though) and Colonel Mite (minus Frighty) chimes in occasionally (nice touch there, I admit). Also in tow is (COMPLETELY unknown to me) UK hip-hopper Serocee (WHO?) who joins Brown on the ENTERTAINING Memba Dis. I was surprised I liked Memba Dis actually but it definitely just works! I don't think I'll be as eager to check for Serocee in the future as I am for Lady Lex, but he well impresses with his contributions and he even gets Lloyd Brown to go straight forward in an emcee type of style to open the tune. So, should Brown feel compelled to link him again at some point in the future, I'll be listening there as Memba Dis is another solid word against the critics and all who badmind. The final combination on Brownie Points is "Brownie Point # Nine" is the highest profile and actually my choice as the album's single finest offering altogether, Forgive Them alongside Brown's good friend Peter Spence. Spence himself stepped up on my radars on the `strength' of his own album from earlier this year, Strength (which will also be on my year end best reggae albums list I'm sure). The two (unsurprisingly) just work so well together, the chemistry is just SO HIGH and I would have expected nothing less than the very fine results that is Forgive Them, another (somewhat) shot to the bad minds of the world, although far more spiritually based this time and the tune pinnacles in the middle with Brown going biblical (Psalm 140); straight talking and it is a SPECTACULAR touch. HUGE TUNE! The balance of Brownie Points, for the most part is kind `hot and cold', to my ears. Check Loco Thing which is like a club tune for Brown which I just don't think really works with its Spanish vibes, but, again, its certainly not a BAD tune (the man simply doesn't make bad music). But, `countering' Loco Thing is the ending of Brownie Points, the final four tunes (including Forgive Them) which really just lifts the levels of the album up to a very nice ending. Check "Brownie Point # Ten", the downright SUBLIME More Love. The vibes on that one are so LIGHT that they are HEAVY! Its just a nice vibes speaking about pushing more love (and less violence) amongst the masses and I love how Brown sets it in his intro, "You can never give or receive too much love". Indeed Mr. Brown. Next is Full Appreciation which has kind of an `airy' kind of an intro to the tune, before it ASCENDS somewhere into the stratosphere with a very nice old school vibes which is right up Lloyd Brown's alley of expertise. The tune is just really a full on biggup to his fans from Brown and his commitment to continue to make nice vibes for them (for us, myself definitely included). And completing the album is "Brownie Point # Twelve", Ray Of Light (which has a downright ODD intro of some woman appearing to invite Brown to play a tune for her in Acapulco). The tune is actually a remake of an old Dennis Brown tune (Stagecoach Showcase album, if you're interested) and I'm sure Lloyd Brown will tell you himself that he doesn't reach the level set by the Crown Prince with the tune, but he does it well enough. To my ears, Ray Of Light wasn't the best tune when Dennis Brown, himself, sang it, its never been one of my favourites from him and it was an unusual selection, in my opinion for a remake, but Lloyd Brown is such an obvious fan of the elder Brown's that it obviously made a big enough impression on him that he decided to end his latest release, Brownie Points, with the decent version of the originally decent tune.Overall, as I mentioned, Brownie Points isn't on the same levels of Silver or some of Lloyd Brown's better material, but I get the impression that even he, himself, would tell you that. What I really take from this album is kind of what is available simply in the title. Brownie points are like something one earns from doing a number of good deeds (and of course, it doesn't hurt that the artist here is named Brown) and for me, Brownie Points comes off as a turn away from the usual type of vibes, which is definitely something Lloyd Brown has earned. I get the feeling he just went into the studio with a few sticking points in his mind and to just generally make a big `funner' album than the previous two, with his friends. If that's the case, then definitely he accomplished what he set to do. However, regardless of Lloyd Brown's intent in making the album, Brownie Points is one probably better for the newer fans of the man given the nature of the vibes varying a bit, its definitely more accessible to new fans than either Silver or Said & Done. For me, following Silver Brown will have to do FAR worse than Brownie Points to turn me away and Brownie Points is one my favourite artists not as his best, but still well talented and PROFESSIONAL enough to keep the vibes high throughout.
I think I can consider myself a FAIRLY decent analyzer of up and coming talents especially when it comes to reggae and dancehall music, given my track record. I will confess to having made some quite unusual and downright WRONG predictions on young artists over the years, however, I think that, for the most part, I'm able to foresee potential talents long before the reach star status. Perhaps my most spot on analysis was that of (the still quite young) Turbulence (just twenty-nine next year) who was initially held as the next coming of Sizzla Kalonji, due not only to the fact that he sounded a great deal like the roots legend, but also because he was developed in the same camp, the famed Xterminator, and played the same role to Kalonji that he himself had played to Luciano years earlier, opening for his stage shows all over the world. I though Turbulence would be quite popular, but given that he RARELY worked to his full potential, I thought there would be some uneven patches along the way and that is essentially EXACTLY what Turbulence's career these days: A high class and top notch act marked by slight instances of inconsistencies and controversies. Similarly, although in a case of a much more of `no-brainer' than Turbulence was Vybz Kartel. A complete dancehall neophyte could see that with the ABNORMALLY HIGH level of talent Kartel possessed, even very early in his career, that he had all but had the proverbial red carpet to the highest level of the dancehall, which is where he resides today and figures to until he decides to do so no longer. And I will say that I was clearly mistaken with a few artists along the way, such as Lexxus. Although I was living in the states at the time and my primary exposure to the energetic Kingston DJ was through his debut album, AKA Mr. Lex in 2000, I was CONVINCED! Nearing a decade later and I was WRONG. Entertaining is the greatest thing I can say about Lexxus these days and he hasn't been able to string together many hits since then and has definitely fallen out of favour amongst dancehall heads and has fallen back into the well-crowded back of mediocre dancehall artists. Taken a brief look at the current crop of young artists these days and I also see quite a few of nice artists such as the next in the obligatorily long line of dancehall `bad guys' which includes names like Einstein, Flexx and others (after Aidonia of course who came around a bit earlier to the highest level). And you should also keep an eye and ear out for one of the most talented youths in reggae altogether, the LETHAL Erup as well. And you can hold me to those.That being said; the latest artist to come around, in my opinion, who is about as close to a `can't miss' (if such a thing exist in the dancehall) talent is DEFINITELY Bramma (De Bomba). I have been telling any and everyone who would listen to me for the better part of eighteen months or so about the almost OVERWHELMINGLY talented youth from out of Maxfield (Kingston). Bramma has been fortunate enough to have been developed (and continues to be developed) in the Big Ship camp under young Stephen 'Di Genius' McGregor. Although McGregor, at such a young age, hasn't the experience of developing artists, it affords Bramma the opportunity to ride over what are some of the most in demand riddims of the moment as McGregor himself has been one of the most popular and significant dancehall producers of the last few years, truly at the top of the game. McGregor's riddims are voiced by pretty much all of the top notch dancehall  talent of this era and, again, that helps Bramma getting his tune and his name placed alongside the greats such as Bounty Killer (who had a part in discovering him initially and inspiring him into taking up the business), Vybz Kartel, Assassin, Busy Signal and the aforementioned computer-aged flowing dancehall bad guy, Aidonia. What has so attracted me to Bramma's style has been a seemingly near complete overstanding of the vibes. Bramma seems to take in what it takes other artists years and years to accept that you simply CANNOT be a one-trick pony (or even just a two-trick one) in the dancehall and hope to have a career which will rise you to superstar status these days. Unlike both Kartel and Aidonia (and even Bounty for that matter), Bramma has decided to add a dimension of vibes besides the three G's of dancehall (Girls, Guns, and Ganja) and is able to do dancehall roots type of tunes and even uplifting tunes period (see the WICKED Value Of A Lady) while still a very young artist who has essentially yet to be exposed to the masses. AND, on top of the that, as he is still developing his skills, his flow is already downright LETHAL, regardless which type of tune it is he is delivering. Bramma is a WOEFULLY under-respected artist internationally in my opinion as, to my knowledge, his tunes appear to date on just three international releases, the Ghetto Whiskey riddim album, the Gully Creepa (although McGregor is to release his own future riddim albums on his own, which will push Bramma's totals to a still HORRIBLE seven or eight) and Mighty Ki La's K-Libre which features a tune between  the two outstanding youths. However, although you can't exactly go out and find an official disc with the name Bramma De Bomba on it multiple times, he has been very active on the mixtape circuit and I was SO HAPPY to see at least one of them available to the masses on this level, thus pushing the name Bramma to even greater exposure. The Bramma De Bomba mix from Frenchie DJ Weedim out of Straight Up Sound of Paris is one of quite a few mixtapes which prominently feature Bramma and is probably the one which has received the second most amount of attention (I'll tell you about the other at the end of this review and its sequel). I'm just waiting to see the reaction of international heads (particularly those in the states) to Bramma as much as I'm convinced in his talents, I'm also convinced that they'll be hearing a great deal from him in the future, one way or another.Me personally, I'm not a big fan of mixtapes actually (although you wouldn't know it with literally HUNDREDS laying around my house). When it comes to reggae and dancehall, they typically tend to feature entirely too much selector talking (not a problem here, however), other noises and background sounds (not REALLY a big problem here either) and just different versions of the tune that I like the original versions of (problem here). After a brief introduction featuring Bramma himself the Bramma De Bomba mixtape from DJ Weedim and Straight Up Sound gets started with a tune I don't think I recall hearing too much of, Don't Try. Let Don't Try serve as merely a taste of what Bramma can do as he spends the minute and a half GOING HARD on the odd riddim (it could have been an accapella and still would have worked) as he seemingly draws words out of virtually nowhere when he reaches his peak. He's been compared mostly to artists like Busy Signal and Assassin and (Baby) Cham and, I would say Bramma sounds MOST like a comparison between `Sassin and Busy as the tongue twisting but straight forward Don't Try sounds like something somewhere between both of those two WICKED artists. Don't Try leads, almost unknowingly, into the following clean Freestyle which is more or less an extension of the tune (over the same riddim, which eventually changes just a bit). As a whole the tune could definitely work (if it hasn't already). Nice start. Up next is the gun tune New Machine which is the first sign (besides the intro) where you notice the typical mix CD zaniness as the tune is a decent enough song, but it isn't Bramma at all. New Machine is an effort from Bramma friend (apparently) and Everton Blender disciple Currant Man. As I said, it's a gun tune and if you REALLY take a look at the big voiced Currant Man, his strength really lies in the roots. A decent enough start here.Again, this is a mix cd, THUS, you'll see some really STRANGE stuff going on here. For example, there are several of my favourite tunes from Bramma on this piece, however, few appear as I know them. However, if you ask me my favourite tune here altogether, I'll say Last Man Standing, which is one of the biggest dancehall tunes I've heard, period, in the last two years or so. Originally, the tune flowed WONDERFULLY over Di Genius' Powercut riddim, but here, its given an odd, bubbly, hip-hop and techno mix to play over, find the original it is MASSIVE! Technically, the best tune could also be Talk Dem A Talk as well as it is a TRULY brilliant piece of tune which does appear in its original for on the mixtape, over McGregor's typically overstated Tremor riddim. Even though it sounds just a bit sped up, let Talk Dem A Talk stand as the best known representation of Bramma's talents on this mixtape altogether. Other very familiar material here includes Bad Man Town, originally over McGregor's Live Up riddim, this time over a booming hip-hop riddim (and it is re-voiced as well) which still retains some of its original power, especially in the middle of the tune. Check the SCATHING Gangsta Anthem (aka Roll Out) which appears in its original version over Nicky-Z's (very Daseca sounding) Z-March riddim (which you know from having backed Mavado's riddim topper Don't Cry tune). I'm not a very big fan of Delly's, yet the duo sound absolutely MAD on the riddim, definitely one of the best combinations of Bramma's entire young career and it attracted quite a bit of attention for him as well. There's also Cyant Stop Me which was his aforementioned cut of the Ghetto Whiskey riddim (where it was name Dem Bad Mind). Here, its given a somewhat hip-hoppish and electric mix, which is actually not bad to my ears at all, definitely track down the original for a the full taste, however, as it is one of his finest. I also kind of like the mix of Don't Talk (which I don't think I recall actually), but more so due to the insane flow on that one than the VERY odd riddim which is a. . . something, which ultimately grows nearly addictive! Listen to the somewhat harmless tune and in the middle, somewhere you'll hear the potential absolutely wrapped ALL OVER it. Another tune which I don't remember too much but is highly enjoyable is what is apparently a freestyle for Straight Up, Cream A De Crap alongside Binjamin (WHO?). The tune is just an excellent bad man vibes strictly for fun and sounds like something completely created spur of the moment style in the studio and for his part, Weedim supplies the duo with several riddims actually. Very nice, very creative and really one of the few reasons I actually do like mixes like these, sometimes. I also mention for the sake of the creativity, two earlier cuts, Neva Be A Fella (Failure, not Fellow) a nice gyal tune and Don't Play which immediately follows it. Both of which are just the type of mid-level tunes which when you REALLY tune in and pay a proper attention, you hear lines here and there which just make you rewind every now and then definitely. The Bramma De Bomba mixtape from DJ Weedim and Straight Up Sound ends with an example of what I meant when I said that he has already, this early in his career, come to become versatile with his vibes, All I See. The tune is a pretty poignant social commentary from the youth coming along similar tunes he has penned, most notably the OUTSTANDING MASTERCLASS that was Value Of A Lady, one of his biggest hits to date. Definitely a nice note on which to end things here and given the vibes of the rest of the mixtape, a very welcome surprise (as he says at the end of the tune, "a something different, you know").Overall, ok as I mentioned this isn't the only mixtape Bramma has out on to the masses. The most noteworthy (and BEST) is Bramma De Bomba: Welcome To The UK from Benevolent International, which also had a sequel (Welcome To The UK Part Few) both of which were superb and featured not only the original mixes to most (if not all) of the tunes, but full on interviews with Bramma as well. There was also a piece called Bramma To Di World from German sound Sensi Movements, which was similar to this piece here although all of the mixes were dancehall with mostly re-voicing. ALSO (as if that wasn't enough) (and it was) I have a piece from one DJ Mysterious (WHO?) from out of Tortola which is very good as well (good luck finding it) and various other mixtapes as well. However, definite credit goes to Straight Up Sound for taking the extra step in getting this one out to the masses on this grand of a stage and not only Bramma, but seemingly released simultaneously along with this piece are pieces from St. Catherine wordsmith G-Maffiah, Don Corleone prot&eacute;g&eacute; the ultra hype Wasp and the controversial Konshens, all of which are along this similar lines as far as the mixes, but it is definitely a commendable effort taking these young future superstars and giving them a very nice rinse internationally. Bramma De Bomba (and all of them for that matter) is recommended to particularly newer fans of dancehall, maybe especially those coming from a hip-hop background as well. Dancehall heads, this one will appeal to you maybe if you haven't been listening for a minute or two (but you'll probably have the wherewithal to track down Welcome To The UK) and giving you just a TASTE of what is in my opinion one of the strongest dancehall artists to come around in the modern era period!
Did not work for my spanish speaking congregation.  They claimed it was a different kind of Spanish or not Spanish.
I bought this with three other albums, "Traditional Chinese Music"  and "Traditional Japanese Music" (they have similar cover art), and "Traditional Asian Music: Chinese, Japanese, Tibetan, Korean, Oriental Shamisen and Shakuhachi". It wasn't until I had them all on my ipod that I realized the same songs were on each album. For example:Chinese: "Massage"Japanese: "Japanese Relaxation"Asian: "Korean Melody"Harp and Flute: "Koto Arpeggios"four songs, attributed to multiple cultures, yet each song is exactly the same one. Every song on all these albums is the same way. They don't just sound similar, they are exact. And all of them have different titles.It's nice, relaxing music, just don't be fooled into buying all these albums. Forunately, I was able to get a refund for the extra albums through Amazon.
(3.5stars)I could sit here and say I'm getting tired of receiving new and newer materials from Reggae artists from out of the Netherlands on an albums weekly/monthly basis but I'd be lying. Seriously, what is going on over there? With the Reggae bug apparently having reached the country from neighbouring European nations such as the UK, France and most recently Germany, what we are now seeing coming out of the Dutchie Reggae scene is nothing short of an apparent assembly line of at least relatively decent Reggae artists. musicians and producers as well. Also it's somewhat important to note that generally ALL (if not ALL) relatively major Reggae tours from artists in Jamaica and throughout the Caribbean of European shores generally include at least one stop in the Netherlands and more times, more than just one stop. There is just so much material going on there and the fact that in my home away from home, the DIVINE St. Maarten, I'm virtually directly in the middle of the Caribbean scene with artists coming from the Dutch West Indies as well, thus, I'm hearing vibes not only from Dutch born and raised Reggae artists, but artists likewise from places like St. Eustatius, Aruba now (with Smiley), of course St. Maarten itself (most recently Mischu Laikah). As far as the Reggae scene actually in the Netherlands I've been led to believe that the real big man on the scene was Ziggi and while definitely still regard that to be true (Ziggi is a young artist who, now two albums deep (the second of which, In Transit, was a BIG album from 2008) into his career, appears to be the `leader of the pack' at this point, ESPECIALLY considering with whom the St. Eustatius born artist has been privileged to work with on those albums) he's definitely not the only talented face from the country. One of my most recent finds would be a rather unusual but well talented diminutive singjay by the name of Lady K-Wida. The (I THINK) Suriname born artist fronts a band by the name of Poormanfriend (which I had actually heard of before but had NO idea was a Dutch band). She also, awhile back, tapped none other than King of Kings DJ, King Yellowman to record the tune One Woman Man which was probably her biggest hit to date and definitely the one which made the greatest impact on me. Also, I had no idea, until recently that Lady K-Wida and Poormanfriend's good friend was also the very talented Ghanaian chanter Osagyefo, who was one of my favourite finds from 2007 I believe (HUGE tune name Hotta Fyah Blaze) who is also based in Holland these days as well I believe. Add to that names like Smiley, Laikah and the SMOOTH Maikal X as more YOUNG artists and BIG things are coming from the Netherlands for Reggae heads.Apparently the Rap/Hip-Hop scene in Holland is also doing quite well as it is from a rapping background that we get yet another (as if we could use another) (I'm not complaining) possible star representing for Amsterdam's Reggae scene, Benassa. The former rapper dubbed `Kenny Wise' (I believe there's a pop artist by the same name), Benassa Linger is suddenly the next big thing from out of the Netherlands and as further hype to his credentials, it was listed his various experiences opening up for Jamaican Reggae stars, such as Sean Paul, in Holland and throughout Europe as well. I myself had actually heard a couple of Benassa's tunes (both of which, luckily happen to be present on this album) as he has been pretty popular through a few Caribbean spots, most notably down in Suriname, where they have also shown a burgeoning Reggae scene with Koyeba, The Mighty Fibo and, of course, the late and great Papa Touwtjie amongst others. I was VERY pleased when I heard that not only would he be bringing a new album (and I believe he would have had a previous album as part of the Hip-Hop group he was part of, but this would be his debut as a full fledged Reggae artist), but that I had already in fact missed it as it, Tables Turned, had already surfaced, in late 2008 from a label by the name of Jah Solid Rock Entertainment, which is out of the Dominican Republic of all places and handling the distributions would be the very well respected Silver Camel (which is a pretty big deal actually). I have to add something about Tables Turn very early going in: I can't recall hearing just bits and pieces and sound clips from an album from an artist who I knew, in actuality, so little about, which IMPRESSED me so much. Just skimming through Tables Turn and, seriously I would have had Tables Turn LOCKED as one of the real sleepers of  the year. So, very early credit goes to whoever chopped it up and when it did actually reach in terms of the promotion it did (and still is) receive , which is something not every yup and coming artist would enjoy and at least SHOULD bring more and more artists to the door of Jah Solid Rock in search of similar treatment and I have no doubt that they would receive such (I also think its fair to mention that the Dutch artists, in general seem to get such publicity; both of Ziggi's releases receive such a great deal of attention, even on this side of the ocean and Mischu Laikah's upcoming project is quite easily one of my own personal most anticipated of 2009 altogether). Adding to the hype surrounding Tables Turn (as if it needed in more at this point), at least for me, was the fact that in between his solo tunes and a whole heap of his friends thrown in as well (as you would expect) he also managed to tap two of the most UNDERRATED Jamaican Dancehall artists for combinations on the album as well. The results? Well, while a bit on the unspectacular side at times (that being a very nice way of saying too normal, I dare not call it `boring') Benassa's Tables Turn ultimately proves to be quite a nice introduction to yet another big time Dutchie artist to keep an eye and ear on.Benassa has actually been around for a few years now and is just breaking out to the international audiences now which would explain the quite VERSATILE style of vibes he exhibits throughout Tables Turn. He has a pretty nice singing voice, he has a VERY nice chanting style (which is what he uses most times) and he has a decent straight forward DJ style as well, definitely not a rookie. The rookie tune on Tables Turn is the pretty nice Believe. This tune is DEFINITELY the one I point to when I say "unspectacular", not that it's bad at all, because it certainly isn't and were it buried on the album somewhere, I might've not even noticed it really at all. It's harmless at the end of the day, it finds Benassa pretty straight singing through a really nice and easy one-drop with a bit of an inspirational vibes. It's an okay opener, not one of the album's highpoints however. Things open up a tad on the next track which has a lot more flare and pizzazz going for it on Voodoo. This one IS a highpoint for Tables Turn and it's the first of about a billion combination tracks, here, featuring Benassa alongside good friend, Dutchie singer Lloyd De Meza and Benjah. I've heard De Meza rap actually and he's a much better singer and on Voodoo, which was one of the aforementioned singles that I heard from Benassa previously, he absolutely SHINES. The tune also has a very catchy vibes which is also spiritual as the duo who comes back and back again on hit here what is their second biggest shot on the album definitely. Big tune. Topped, however, is Voodoo, to my ears, by the HUGE previous single (the other tune I heard before) Coconut Water. This one is just SPARKLING! You could play this tune behind any Caribbean tourist attracting advertisement (at least the chorus)  but it also has a very nice conscious and relationship vibes in it as well (when Benassa reaches the mic). BIG TUNE to end a thoroughly impressive beginning to Tables Turn.Benassa is to the combination tune as Mavado and Sean Paul are to the skits in regards to his album, they're just EVERYWHERE (at nine in total, that's one more than the sixteen track total)! It is to three of them (besides the two singles), however, that I'm REALLY drawn. Check the BEAUTIFUL tune Endless love which features none other than Lady G! I don't know how it happened, but the veteran Dancehall songstress is a WONDERFUL link for Benassa. The tune is pretty much an R&B; vibes but definitely the two make a nice pair, have to give credit where it's due, however: Lady G definitely shines the brightest there. The other tune which is kind of surprising is Have Me African Princess which is even stronger and features Benassa alongside one of my personal favourites of all time (General) Degree. Again, the two make a very nice duo on the female praising tune which was definitely unexpected and a real highlight on Tables Turn. All of that being said, however, the single highest of the highlights of Tables Turn is yet another combination, this time alongside Ayya (WHO?), the KNOCKING Sodom & Gomorrah. This one just cuts out all  the flash and just gets ANGRY with the vibes! The tune speaks about all the crazy negativity flowing through the world and whoever Ayya is, the artist definitely has skill and brings a definitive HARSH edge which Tables Turn needs and gets in one of the biggest tunes I've been spinning in this still very young year. SCATHING track. I do have to mention that charged with keeping the vibes high after Sodom & Gomorrah is probably my favourite solo track on the album, Another Burial, which is another very edgy tune, this time with Benassa alone. Its about as close as Benassa comes to a straight dancehall  tune and he handles it very well there indeed. BIG TUNE. De Meza does come back in later on, with the tune Come Again which was the name of one of the EP's for Tables Turn and is another pretty good track there. Love the vibes on the one with a CRISP and bouncing one-drop on just a SWEET SWEET tune which, as do they all (for the most part), manages to relate things back to a powerful message definitely. I have to go back a bit and mention the tune Third Degree alongside Benjah which is just downright odd but you stay FAR FAR away from that one as it will grow on you (like me) with its crazy addictive. . . WEIRD vibes. Apart from De Maza Benjah also sounds pretty good and  that tune well snuck up on me and if you aren't careful you'll find yourself singing it day and night (especially when that riddim starts to develop a bit, CRAZY!). The tune Amstahdam despite its CORNY opening (only Macka B can get away with something like that Benassa) but develops into a very nice tune with the artist just dashing in spices of knowledge on the wonderful historical lyrics about how he and his ancestry managed to find their way to the Netherlands (and he kind of specifically mentions his heritage being Surinamese, they're churning out big Reggae artists like they seem to be churning out the world's best kick boxers these days). Why Fight Me is another tune which hits me, like the opener, as being, for the most part unspectacular, at least initially. It doesn't rise to the top here, but it definitely develops quite nicely into a relatively strong track aimed at all the bad minded souls out there. As the album winds down we FINALLY get to the title track (I think he should've called it Voodoo) which is an acoustic set with a drum backing. Typically I like songs like this but this one just doesn't hit me basically. Honestly: I think it would have been better as a straight accapella. And Tables Turn the album comes to its conclusion with another decent effort from Benassa alone, See Me Ya. Again, its not really such a strong tune, nothing really groundbreaking at all, but its decent and when I'm looking forward to a fully developed Benassa, I  think we'll be looking at an artist who can take such a tune, which is a good foundation and turn into something REALLY STRONG, because definitely the solid ground is there.Overall, no, Ziggi doesn't really have anything to `worry' about (speaking of ALL those combinations where was a Ziggi combination?), Benassa isn't at that level yet, but he's pushing it. For all his skill what I think he's missing is a little bit more flare to his vibes, some of the tunes (even some which I like) just don't really have something REALLY separating themselves from the pack (which may be why, actually, there are so many combinations). Yes, he's definitely a good writer: As I mentioned, for the most part all of the songs carry very nice messages (and ALL of them actually), but you have to have a way to deliver that, ESPECIALLY considering the range of styles that Benassa exhibits through Tables Turn. Maybe he should just develop one? However, as it stands Benassa's Tables Turn is a pretty strong debut solo effort from an artist I'm sure we'll be hearing from again and quite soon. And who knows? Benassa's undoubted skill level artist makes him a strong candidate and should he be able to distinguish himself, musically speaking, he may just prove to be the strongest Dutch Reggae artist on the scene today. Yes. He's that good.
The music is excellent. Martin's playing is, as usual, tasteful, strong, expressive and technically flawless. Aparecida's singing is soulful, expressive and impeccable. The problem is that, as in most of Juan Martin's recordings, the sound quality is awful. They have added so much digital reverb to everything that the guitar sounds as if it is being played in s small tiled bathroom. As for Aparecida's vocals, he also sounds as if he's singing inside a small tiled bathroom.... in the house next door!5 stars for the music, one star for the sound.
As we enter a very potential packed 2009 Carnival Season we definitely have to look back and mourn one of the greatest losses in the form of Caribbean music LEGEND Byron Lee from Jamaica of Byron Lee & The Dragonaires who passed on November 4, 2008. You'll have a fairly difficult time, in my opinion, finding anyone from the Caribbean or the extended Caribbean community world wide, who wouldn't have at least one fond memory or tune the legendary bandleader left us with in his half-century plus of service in the entertainment business. That would also be particularly true in Jamaica, where, although we don't necessarily have a long history of loving Soca music, The Dragonaires are, and always will be, one of very few exceptions to that rule. With Lee's death, there remain very few established or potential living LEGENDS within the various forms of Caribbean music and Soca especially. In Reggae, of course, the King, Bob Marley, has been physically gone for more than a quarter century and he remains Reggae's and the entire region's most dominant artistic figure as a whole still, arguably (and I could go on and on about deceased LEGENDARY Reggae singers, Peter Tosh, Joseph Hill, Dennis Brown, Joe Higgs etc.). Within Calypso/Soca especially, there have also been great losses before Byron Lee. More than a decade before even Marley transitioned was King Radio, who won the first two Roadmarch titles in Trinidad and Tobago ever (wayyyy back in the 1930's). Back in 1999 there was the legendary Roaring Lion, widely regarded as one of the (if not THE) Fathers of Calypso, who won more titles than I care to even count. Probably Calypso's most identifiable name on paper, Lord Kitchener (who won even more titles than the Roaring Lion) left us just a year later in 2000. Leading into the more modern era, you'd be hard pressed to find a more lauded individual seemingly as respected musically in death than bandleader Andre Tanker who passed not very long ago in 2003 as well (he died just as I was getting into Soca music and I remember several tunes which came through at the time singing in his praise from very modern artists, including and most notably Rupee with the tune You Never Know). For a genre not exactly overflowing with internationally (or even regionally to a certain degree) respected HISTORICAL (or potentially historical) names, Calypso/Soca has definitely lost some mighty names even outside of the MASSIVE one which was Byron Lee.So whose left? Well, while in Reggae we still have the likes of Bunny Wailer, John Holt and others and even in Zouk there's, of course, Kassav (and remember the name Tanya Saint-Val!) while in Calypso/Soca there are still one or two living names of legends. Most notably and unforgettably is The Mighty Sparrow (who has won almost as many Roadmarches as Kitchener did) who received a career resurgence last year on the strength of Soca Superstar Machel MontanoHD (definitely a future legend, himself) remaking a Sparrow classic, Conga Man (Sparrow also released a MAMMOTH double-disc album Barack De Magnificent). There are also VERY respected others such as Shadow, of course David Rudder, Black Stalin, Lord Beginner and Roy Cape (credited with having discovered both Denise Belfon and DESTRA (as well as Blaxx recently and another, more on her in a bit) and I'm adding to that list, of course, `Sir' Oungku Wong, singer and bandleader of The Burning Flames band from out of Antigua and Barbuda. The Burning Flames have been winning Antiguan Roadmarch crowns since I was four years old (I'm twenty-seven now) after having previously served as backing band for another living Calypso/Soca legend The Mighty Arrow from out of Montserrat (Hot, Hot Hot!). Oungku ultimately left The Burning Flames to link up with his new band (which is apparently comprised of several former members of The Burning Flames, which continued) The Red Hot Flames! This group has pretty much picked up exactly where it left off and it has managed to keep itself (and thus Oungku) current and very much appreciated. To even further delve into the Flames' popularity (in both forms) it is worth mentioning that in the history of Antigua's Roadmarch category, the group has taken the title almost TWENTY times and in spite of the fact that modern Soca in Antigua would technically mean that they are competing against the likes of Taxik (now featuring Claudette "CP" Peters, Queen of everything else Soca in Antigua and Barbuda besides Roadmarch) and El-A-Kru (now featuring TIZZY!, personal favourite of mine) who both have definitely made their own impressions on the music through the years and especially reaching outward across the Caribbean as a whole; no other act has won the title since 2002 (!) by my count. However, in terms of Antigua Roadmarch, there are the Flames and then everyone else. 2008 was the same old story as The Red Hot Flames again took the crown with one of it's biggest tunes to date, the RIDICULOUS, Scyahttah (`Scatter', which I had seen spelled in so many different ways before actually seeing the album cover!) which took the honours over pieces from the aforementioned Taxik (Mardi Gras, from CP), El-A-Kru (Rocket Launcher) and even The Burning Flames (I HAVE NO IDEA which tune they ran last season, I think they came in third, however). In support of the tune and their entire season, The Red Hot Flames also released an album named after the tune, just as has all of their aforementioned peers as well. Scyattah becomes (to my knowledge) the RHF's third album to date, following 2006's De Real Deal and 2007's better Scorching Hot (the BF have almost thirty albums, releasing one every year of their existence and sometimes more than one) the album is one which definitely took awhile to grow on me, unlike my other favourites of the year, which grabbed me IMMEDIATELY. However, at the end of the day it also proves to be a very nice piece for Soca fans new and old alike, and one simply INTENSE time.Oungku's style is and has always been one of a very HYPE nature, comparable to the likes of Iwer George, Lil Rick and such (he also has a SLIGHT old school tinge, expectedly). Thus, perhaps to give the music a bit of a changeup and a smoother appeal, the group (THANKFULLY) also employs a very impressive Trini songstress, Esther Dyer, a Roy Cape discovery who joins Oungku in singing duties for the band and the album. Dyer isn't exactly low-key herself, but definitely is a welcomed scale back from Oungku when she does chime in. Getting things started on The Red Hot Flames' album Scyahttah is the what is basically the title track, Musical Bomb. Oddly enough, I'm not going to call this one the best tune on the album (that comes next), but you cannot at all deny what's going on with the song). If ever were a song MORE made to take Roadmarch, I haven't heard it, so much so that I would actually go as far as to say that I probably heard at least five or even ten better songs last year from out of Antigua altogether, but NONE of them at all would have served the purpose better than Scyahttah which cannot help but get you up and going and definitely in a well festive mood, the purpose of a road marching tune. Big opening. It is, however, topped and only topped by the tune which immediately follows it on the album, the hilariously addictive Shaolin Temple which was another big hit. Way back in the day there was a tune by the name of Soca In The Shaolin Temple from an artist name Blue Boy (who later became the VERY popular Superblue), I LOVE that song, and any tune remotely sounding like it has an advantage with me. I imagine were you to update that at least two decade old tune up to now, it might sound a lot like this tune here. Regardless of how I try to make it make sense, definitely listen Shaolin Temple MANY times, you'll love it, it's the biggest tune here! Ending the opening to the album is Dyer's first of four efforts the `cleverly frantic' No Drama. If ever you hear her push her vocals to the brink, you'll hear Esther has a very nice voice and you hear it here at times as well, but having developed through Roy Cape, she's LONG seasoned on how to ride a crazy riddim and No Drama almost appears to come too easy to her. Nevertheless a pretty strong way to say hello on the album from Esther and a WICKED way to begin an album.I was quite happy to see that I recognized quite a few tunes prior to getting the album, besides the ones already mentioned, there are a few others which also played pretty well prior and even after the album's release last summer. Such a tune was the solid (albeit unspectacular) tune Gremlin. I didn't really like Gremlin AT ALL for quite awhile but it was very popular and having gotten the album I got a better appreciation for the tune (because I had never heard the FEVERISH ending before) as it just grew on me nicely. I can't say the same for the somewhat gimmicky but clever Super Hero which I've enjoyed from the first time I heard it and continuing on. The tune builds its ridiculousness on the basis of some old super hero comic theme which you've heard a thousand times, and, as I said, gimmicky, you definitely have to appreciate originality and uniqueness and it has both of those full on. For her part, Dyer also comes through with some very good material on Scyahttah as well. the best of her four pieces is probably the final one, Latch On. You almost beg for such a laid back tune from the singer because you can hear she definitely has the scopes for it and it takes her awhile to get there, but when she does she definitely impresses with the downright SLIPPERY Latch On, easily one of the biggest tunes on Scyahttah altogether. Her second best tune would be the uptempo and pretty clever Position. The most obvious thing to do is to compare Dyer to either Patrice Roberts (if you are a female Soca singer, that's most likely who you'll be compared to) or CP, but she definitely has her very own style in either pitch of tune and Position is an example of that as it switches vibes quite consistently for a very nice vibes at the end. Her other tune, Loosen Up is pretty standard jump up Soca (with an old school tinge as well) and she handles it quite well, but just like No Drama, it almost sounds too easy for her at times (although, like several tunes here, it gets better as it goes along). The balance of Oungku's tunes also feature some pretty high levels as well here and there. None come higher than what is definitely one of Scyahttah's real highlights, The Flow. I don't actually recall hearing this one playing much, but it could have easily been a hit (and it may have been) with the proper support and good luck finding it anywhere else besides this album. I'd say the same about the later tune whih takes the levels back leading into the ending of the album, Leah We Dance, which is a COOL swinging type of vibes, that I do remember playing just a bit from somewhere. I'll also mention, briefly both Pordie On and  Funk In Soca, two tunes which I don't rate too highly. Where Super Hero was gimmicky and unique, Pordie On is just gimmicky and STRANGE, at least to my ears. For it's part Funk In Soca is just a bit too much FUNK and not enough Soca for my tastes, the result is a tune which, while it definitely stands out, that isn't necessarily a good thing in it's particular case. Scyahttah WONDERFULLY comes to its conclusion with a big and VIBRANT blast from the past, Steal The Show. The tune is sung by former Burning Flames lead singer, Trini Onika Bostic who tragically passed away late in 2004 I believe. She has become one of the most revered Soca singers in recent memory as she was literally SOAKING in potential as besides scoring consistently with Oungku and the Flames, she also had a hit, Get On Bad with Bunji Garlin. I don't think I've heard Steal The Show before (I THINK it played for Antigua Carnival last year) and anytime you can hear something new from the vault Ms. Bostic left us is a good thing and the tune, as expected is a very nice vibes, slowly building to a BIG peak and the best shot to end things on for Scyahttah, always showing they haven't forgotten their sister.Overall, while I'm certainly not calling Scyahttah the album the best Soca album of 2008 (that distinction goes to either Machel, or Destra or Nadia Batson), it is very well done definitely. When you have a bonafide MASTER of the genre like Sir Oungku Wong, most likely you won't even have the opportunity for a flop of an album. While Scyahttah definitely isn't that, I will say that I would have liked to hear some more diversity in the vibes and subsequently, I think the Red Hot Flames could even use another lead singer if possible (and might I recommend thinking TOTALLY out of the box and enlisting Ragga-Soca up and comer, the WICKED Fucha Kid for a complete changeup), especially because I've already heard a single from Dyer sans the Flames (I THINK) for this up and coming season (which may or may not signal that she's focusing more on her solo career, which would be a good idea) the poppy but decent Carnival Love, I think it would help. However, as it stands, Scyahttah is another strong piece from a living legend of  Soca music. It's recommended for all Soca heads, new and old alike and definitely maybe a few crossovers as well. I think it's important to appreciate these type of artists while they are STILL AROUND and besides that, Scyahttah should have enough `ammo' to keep your attention throughout.
The other reviewer was correct in that the song titles have been mixed up. I found 4 titles wrong so that makes 8 correction need to be made. All the titles are here but 8 of 20 needs mp3 titles rearranged.The music is very good and the selections pretty decent. Wish the selection had a little more brown sugar and jump mixed in with our coffee. A little bit of Little Richard, Carl Perkins, Gene Vincent, Elvis Presley, Fats Domino would have made the collection much better and more representative of the times. This is about MOR (Middle Of the Road) as it gets.Also wish this collection along with The Fabulous Fifties Vol 4 and 6 (mp3 downloads) had better high freq resolution as it drops off quickly after about 12k and pretty much disappears at 17k.The songs all have a bit more 'tape hiss' than I getting use to having, in my songs. But it's still worth the current $6.99 download fee.Enjoy...
I was intrigued with the stated goal of the album to pursue the instrumental aspects of Fado. The album is not bad, but each song features a male singer with Fado backup.  NOT as described!
The songs are beautiful. But when the instrumentation gets to high in pitch the recording cracks a bit which is unfortunate. I would find another recording.
Has there been an artist in the recent era whose level of being able to CONSISTENTLY produce good vibes has fluctuated as much as that of Turbulence? Considering the fact that he exercises the same level of prolificacy as his ultra active peers like Sizzla Kalonji, Anthony B and Jah Mason (as well as so many others), the very fact that his is SO noticeable is unique, in and of itself . Meaning that when you make SO MUCH music, the likelihood that something would be so much above or so much below the majority of the rest of it on a virtually regular basis (meaning he is CONSISTENTLY INCONSISTENT) is downright odd. For example, take the very familiar case of Sizzla: Sizzla's music, for the most part will come at a similar level, regardless of the type of tune he is recording and he will eventually build forwards to the BIG tunes and subsequently the albums forthcoming as well. Anthony B, as of late, has been the same as he now works primarily towards slinging together well solid singles (which is what he has been doing for his entire career, arguably more than MOST of his peers), eventually landing the big one and simultaneously releasing his albums at the same time. Jah Mason would be a different case, himself, although definitely nowhere near as different as Turbulence. The Mason is like the others, including Turbulence, in that he will work with virtually any producer with whom he seems to vibe well enough regardless of where they may be on the planet, but what he does is has music which, for the most part, has gone unheard by most (which says a bit to his status in the game as DEFINITELY one of the most talented underrated artists that you'll find going today anywhere) of his fans. The result in his case is that when he does release albums from such a wide basis of producer, for the most part, whether good or bad (more times good), it has a VERY fresh vibes to it and some of it, at the time of it's release, could be well over a year old by the time the album reaches. There are other very active artists, names like Luciano, Fantan Mojah, Natural Black and Lutan Fyah come to mind (and I suppose I would leave Luciano off of that list in terms of younger big named artists), but, for the most part, their level of 'quality control' they tend to exercise is about as much of a staple to their music as the music  itself. Turbulence is just a DIFFERENT type of individual all around. Of course, for fans of his (myself DEFINITELY included) it makes it quite difficult to select something and not select something of his can be quite difficult. The aptly named Turbulence, is about as talented artist around these days and when you choose WISELY of his material, the results can be AMAZING.But they haven't been AMAZING in quite awhile now. In terms of albums (which is why we we're here) SHOCKINGLY in his now nine years of releasing albums, Turbulence hasn't released an album for UK Reggae giant Greensleeves (which may change any year now) but has for virtually EVERYONE else in the business. As, despite his obviously streaky results, the now twenty-nine year old (I THINK) Kingston native remains amongst the most active on the scene (touring CONSTANTLY) and an obvious a favorite amongst the producers all over the world (to an almost RIDICULOUS degree; I get new riddims from every Reggae producing corner on the planet and the name probably most often present is that of Turbulence's (Mason a lot these days also)). Album-wise things were a bit more consistent at the beginning of Turbulence's career with three of his first four releases coming via his home base label, Philip `Fattis' Burrell's Xterminator (same label launched Sizzla and Luciano), the first two of which, his self titled debut and ESPECIALLY Rising forecasted an artist who with his straight chatting style and at times BEAUTIFUL singing voice, came across as a more marketable and overall gifted version of label mate and mentor, Sizzla (Sizzla's staying point, of course, being his lyrical ability where there is no comparison between him and. . . Pretty much ANYONE). Lately, however, things have DEFINITELY been a bit more of the `hit or miss' style as far Turbulence albums go with a bit more misses than hits. Albums like Stronger Than Before (which I liked), Do Good (not so much, especially not these days) and ESPECIALLY the United album, probably his weakest album, period, really didn't do much damage on the scene and in retrospect none have really stood up to the (relatively short) test of time well AT ALL. And for every album like that, you can go back into his catalogue and find more surprises like the Future album, the HUGE Join Us album (which I (and I alone) still regard as his finest piece to date back in 2003) and Hail To The King which were very good. So what do you do to get things back in order? Maybe a fresh start? No! Turbulence's latest album, Love Me For Me becomes his second straight (and third out of his last four) release for a label and producer with whom he has already linked previously for an album or more. Love Me For Me comes via the UK based Love Injection Productions, best known probably for their work with exquisite UK roots vocalist Roger Robin (but they have also done two pieces for Mykal Rose lately as well). The label, ran by Rowan `Spider Ranks' Johnson also put out what is, in my opinion, one of Turbulence's most underrated albums to date (and probably the MOST underrated after the Join Us album), Words Of Wisdom from back in 2004. That album, grew on me SO STRONG and continues to maintain a place on my players having previously gone unnoticed due to more popular releases such as the aforementioned Hail To The King and Triumphantly from around the same time (Songs Of Solomon would have been around the same time too, I believe).  Unfortunately, just as he had done with  the United album, Turbulence fails to live up to the standards set previously with the producer (United followed Join Us and Triumphantly, both produced by hit-maker Kemar McGregor), although it is CLEARLY a better album than United, but still not up to what should be his standards. It is COMPLETELY average.It seems odd now that, following a 2008 where Turbulence released no official albums for the first time in his career, that it was now more than a year since Love Me For Me dropped. The album which was pushed on the strength of a relatively successful title track remains his latest release more than a year later and one which most likely fade into obscurity (it actually already has). Getting things started on what is, by my count, Turbulence's eighteenth studio album to date (not counting an (BAD) album, Perfect Combination, he had alongside Richie Spice) is a tune EASILY amongst the class of Love Me For Me, Rising. I'm calling it the album's finest tune overall and I'm giving credit where it's due as Turbulence rides the CLASSICALLY vibed lover's riddim with a tune on a lover's cadence (DUH) but is a powerfully socially conscious tune. The one tune that probably stuck with me the most here, Rising features all that is good with the artist as he employs both a nice singing tone and a chanting vibes as well to create a very inspirational vibes in the face of a gloomy outlook. Large opening. The vibes stay relatively high for Love Me For Me with the second track here, previous single from Love Injection's Saga riddim, Love Is The Way, a surprisingly hard edged tune (despite its title) which definitely scores. Love Is The Way MIGHT be the best tune, lyrically speaking, on the album altogether and it, again, features the various styles of the artist (he BRIEFLY lets his vocals fly full on once or twice later in the song which is always impressive). The first sign of trouble doesn't actually bubble until the almost woefully frantic tune Bupsie (Boopsie) comes in. This one is chockfull of tired Dancehall/Hip-Hop clich&eacute;d lyrics and points which, although definitely forgivable, as the album turns out, it has more than enough of that (in more ways than one) without  Bupsie. A hot and cold start to a hot and cold album.The main difference between the Words Of Wisdom album and Love Me For Me, to my ears is the much harder edge put through here. WoW featured tunes which, although they may not have been at the absolute highest level, when stuck together just created such a nice vibes and tunes like All Mine, the title track, Repatriation and the closer Rasta Man essentially book-ended a whole heap of very nice tunes (like Raspect Due). No such luck here. First the bad. Be Angry made me angry (mission accomplished Turbulence). It sounded as if it could have been a real WINNER, but it is vibed to an almost unnecessary Hip-Hop/R&B; type of riddim (which isn't bad in itself). Slow that one down a bit (and its not the 'ANGRIEST' tune as it is) and the results could have been amongst the best here. The tune immediately following Be Angry keeps me angry. She Loves Me features so much good things from Turbulence himself, vocally and lyrically (very impressive there, especially the first verse) but it so much so could have shown off even more. And, especially on a lover's vibe which has become his forte' through the years, Turbulence isn't allowed to shine because he is given another Hip-Hop (Spanish guitar infused) riddim, which on its own may have been pretty good actually, but not here. Come Over? Another pretty angry sounding tune with lover's rock style lyrics. At this point I was almost tired of it (with six tunes to come) but in the case of Come Over, its actually `better off': I don't care what you put behind this one, it probably wouldn't have worked either way (so why not Soca!). I remember listening to an earlier album of Turbulence's which intrigued me SO much on its title, Songs Of Solomon, but it turned out to be a VERY average (bordering on BAD) lover's album and the title Love Me For Me is, at least in sound, just as out of place as that one! Keeping the unfortunate streak going later on is the tune Pure In Heart, which is FAR better that any of the recent tunes which I mentioned recently here but still isn't top notch (still ranks fairly high on this album, however). And Dem Finaley doesn't help much either and it isn't because it is a Hip-Hop track or anything of the sorts, it just doesn't have a very appealing sound to it and coming behind what it comes behind, it was just up against a rock and a hard place, which is where it stays. So what's good? Well the title tune, although, I've heard quite mixed opinions on it, to me it was pretty good. Love Me For Me the tune (unlike the album named after it) is a downright SMOOTH which Turbulence rides very well. The tune finds Turbulence unfortunately having to break away from his special lady because she seemingly only `jumped on' because of who he had become and what he can provide her monetarily. Say what you will, but the R&B; tinged tune (see, I don't hate them all) worked for me and is probably the second best tune I heard on the album. Another out of the Reggae-ordinary tune which works for me is the song How. See, in this case that type of pacing works because lyrically speaking the message here is one of a critical nature (asking how do we maintain positivity in such a negative world) and unlike a few others here, like Dem Finaley a similar track, its worth `saving' lyrically so as to just not care what's going on with it (the opposite of which is Sorry which has a BEAUTIFUL Reggae backing, but is just so UNEXCEPTIONAL, its hardly worth mentioning aside from the riddim and Turbulence`s misguided but LARGE vocals). And ending things for Love Me For Me is the very nice What Friends Are For. My eyes widened I'm sure as every time I see the word `friends' for a Turbulence tune I think back to the (WICKED) tune With Friends Like These (Rising album) and while What Friends Are For fails to reach those levels, it is still quite well done to end things here.Overall, as far as ranking Love Me For Me in Turbulence's downright OBESE catalogue of albums its going somewhere in the lower middle. It's not as good as the aforementioned Triumphantly, Stronger Than Before or Born For This, but its every bit as decent as the Notorious album and better than Songs Of Solomon, United or the X-Girlfriend album. Right in the middle. Nothing special about it. I will say, however, that I would like to see Spider Ranks and Turbulence try it again in a few years hoping maybe they could continue what they started on Words Of Wisdom. Track down that one instead of picking this one up from an EXCEPTIONAL artist who seems to have an exceptionally hard time staying consistent, making it exceptionally hard for those of us who stay on it to remain on the Turbulence bandwagon (And I will say that singles since this album have been better so, stay tuned).
There are a lot of reggae/dub bands out there, to be honest. Let's go even further to say that it is very simple to produce a traditional reggae sound, and it is nothing new. However, Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad somehow stand out. Their bass-heavy debut album throws in a lot of sounds and instruments that give the album a classical-roots-reggae/first-wave-ska feel (which I can really appreciate). All in all, Slow Down is a must-have for anyone even slightly into reggae. Also, you can catch GPGDS playing at the All Good music festival this year, with many other great artists like them! :)
there are only a couple of really good songs.... instrumental tracks are useless for a kid.. and there are 5 or so of them
A show done live before the implosion of this band. Good to have, upbeat to listen to and good for a collection
It was ok, a decent compilation; but I like Christafari more. Not much more I can say about It ......
I really enjoy a Latin beat of the variety presented in BYE BYE. After listening I was reminded of two albums by Gary Mcfarland, "Soft Samba & In Sound". I'm listening as I am typing and I am having difficulty typing re my moving with the rythmic sounds. Although I didn't understand a word of the lyrics - who cares-, this number is hot! I listened to the other songs in the album but couldn't get the great "bye bye" vibes from any of the other selections. I don't know the story behind the arrangement of this song but if Deja-Move could assemble an album with some similar arrangements I am sure they would be very marketable.Koss KTXPRO1 Titanium Portable Headphones with Volume ControlIt is the remarketable sounds presented by the unbelievable low cost Titanium Headphones (especially the bass) that makes you feel you are there with the players in the studio.BYE BYE!!
Much like her last album, this is a steady, strolling album.  On the new songs, this works very well.  It's a Lovely Day, Lucy, Hold Me, Canada, and Lilith are very good songs.  They're just right for a strolling, light jazzy pace.  But the rerecordings of her previous hit songs (Everytime We Touch, Family Man, Moonlight Shadow, To France) suffer in this style.  They pale in comparison to the originals.  It's like Maggie doesn't really commit to singing them.  They remind me of how someone would sing the songs while standing alone in a bus stop, just swinging back and forth, singing them at a slow, steady, strolling pace.  I'm all for alternate versions, but these are weak, passive covers.But the songs that are new are very good and worth the price.  The rest, I'd rather just listen to the originals.
The  music is Ok, After scouting the purchase with the previews I had been expecting a bit more oomph to the music, it turned out to be more repetitive than anything else. If you want this download do it when i's on sale.
I bought this album in MP3 form as a request by my good friend Aluwo Siguayu Jorge Gascon. The album includes some of the greates singers in Cuban popular music of the 50's and 60's. It was definitely not disappointing but to attribute the album to Celia is to deny the greatness of singers like Mercedita Valdez who is truly the leading voice in this album. Celia led 2 out of 11 songs; "Baba Lu Aye" & Chango".
Some good pieces but, for me, several are spoiled by the back up players which don't add to the steel drum but detract. Is that a drum machine that they are using? I want to hear great steel drum, not background music for a beach party.Where are the great steel drum bands where the members ALL play steel drums?
But not what I would call a great selection of Steel Band music. Missing many of the classics you wold hope to find.
In all fairness it could be that I didn't know what steel drums sounded like.  Decades ago it was very different.  To me it sounded like elevator music.  Very bland I thought.  I am going to give it away to the library because someone may like it.
I am enjoying using the album to accompany home yoga practice. It's a good blend of tempos and fairly even volume, so there is variety without any sudden shocks.
(3.5stars)The compilation and the mixtape has long been a staple and a fixture in Reggae music and in Caribbean music in general. To even take it a step further, it seems to be as if the concept is a becoming more and more commonplace in all `urban' music styles, especially in Hip-Hop now in the States and worldwide actually. If you focus on Reggae music particularly, while now there are certainly less than there used to be, the compilation and the mixtape (especially the compilation) play such an important role because of the nature of our music. Most casual music fans who have even the slightest of ears for Reggae music probably know the name `Reggae Gold' and may actually even purchase that annual series as a method of simply keeping informed with what's going on in the Reggae world. Similarly, those fans with just a bit more input might know the series Strictly The Best and know it as a bit more hardcore version of the RG series. You also have various other continuous compilations such as, most notably, the Riddim Driven series which, although it comes on a far more varied schedule than either RG or STB, has arguably been just as popular (comparatively speaking) due to the once might numbers in which the series was supported by its label, VP Records (same label that does both Reggae Gold and Strictly The Best), especially amongst the DJ crowds. But it doesn't stop there. Southern Caribbean's Soca music is also boosted by numerous annual compilation release and a seemingly never ending streak of mixtapes. Of course, just as in Reggae music, at the top of the genre is VP's Soca Gold compilation. The label also supports the genre through its D'Soca Zone series which is, essentially a `sidekick' like project for the big album and has no set release date or timeframe to speak of (it just sort of `sneaks up on you', but you like it because they're usually very good). Besides that, Soca music, because of its somewhat `prideful' nature in the sense of being island by island type of music, it also has TOP NOTCH compilations and mixtapes from each individual island. For example, I seem to get more and more mixtapes from Antigua than anywhere else (including Trinidad) and on the compilations, you have Ragga Ragga Soca compilation, showcasing the finest artist from out St. Vincy; there's De Red Boyz and Monstapiece from out of Barbados; Platinum Soca from Grenada; Soca 758 from out of St. Lucia and countless titles like Best Of The Best (Soca Hits and Soca Grooves) and 91.9 FM's annual release as well. You could keep going throughout the Caribbean to other genres like Zouk, which has several, the top of which seems to be Section Zouk's All Stars yearly delivery. The method has apparently just proven to be so successful. Why not keep it going?So if you take the model ran by Soca music and applied it to Reggae what might we have? Well, for one thing it already kind of is going like that where you have different islands and different regions delivering compilations of Reggae music as `representation' of what they have going on. Ignoring Jamaica for a moment (because although this review is INFINITELY too long, I don't have THAT much time) if you REALLY start to get into the area you do see something like that occurring. I could definitely go into the Virgin Islands and look at exactly how many running compilations (regardless how infrequently they might appear) they have going like Bambu Station's Talkin Roots series,  the Reggae Bubblers' Black Star Liner, Eastbound from Iyah Ites and literally countless mixtapes series going (biggup to Project Groundation). You could also check Reggae Roadblock which is a BIG compilation coming from out Trinidad and Tobago, showcasing he best of their BIG talents, many of whom are well on their way to becoming household names. And then there's anything with  the name Don's Music on it. Don's Music is a predominately Reggae label which, in terms of the Caribbean, is probably the biggest and most well known producer/distributor of Reggae from the French and Creole islands. Based in Martinique (I THINK) the label primarily deals with artists coming from out of either Martinique, or especially, Guadeloupe. This label has single-handedly introduced me to SO many names and I have been a fan directly of Don's Music for the better part of the last four years or so. So who better to release and run a series starring the MADDEST talents in French/Creole Reggae than the label who originally helped start the careers of the likes of Sal, superstar Admiral T and most recently, potential (more like probable) superstar Sak, releasing albums for all three and several others whose names are definitely worth keeping in the memory banks (like Paille)? No one. Thankfully Don's Music agrees with me and they do just that with  their series Don's Collector which is a very SOLID piece which definitely goes about showcasing French Caribbean talents AND always throws quite a few turns and twists in the midst as well (perhaps none bigger to date than in this one however). Now, Don's Music brings forth the third edition of their series, Don's Collector Saison 3, which is more or less annual. I did pay very close attention to last year's installment and I was very pleased with the track selection and it definitely did have its fair share of turns and twists throughout is MASSIVE twenty tracks (which was one down from the first edition). It included several RIDICULOUS combinations which simply not only wouldn't appear on any other compilation, but I'm not sure any other producers might even THINK of making such links between artists. This edition, I've probably paid even more attention over the last year or so. Maybe even TOO MUCH attention as, I can somewhat comically say that my still relatively new infatuation with French Reggae music has lead me to the point where Don's Collector Saison 3 effects me in much the same way as a Reggae Gold album: I know most of this stuff already!Even though I was quite familiar with so much of this material going into the album, I was still pretty pleased at how Don's Music went about building the tunes on the album, giving a fairly accurate listing of some of the biggest French Caribbean Reggae tunes from over the past eighteen months or so and some other stuff too! One of the biggest pieces of `other stuff' gets things going as one of the more UNIQUE artists on this project, Cali P, gets things started on Don's Collector Saison 3, with the dance floor filler Put It Right Here. Cali is a born Guadeloupean, but built his name doing Roots Reggae in Switzerland. It was nice to hear him doing something different, I don't recall ever hearing this tune before and definitely Cali P in any form, even in this unexpected one is a welcome addition. Nice opening. Next is the rather difficult to grasp being present Tempa Wine from Trini Soca stars Patrice Roberts and Machel Montano HD. Maybe I'm missing something but I HAVE NO IDEA why this song is on this album! Not that I'm complaining though. The tune, originally made for 2008's Cropover season has gone from irritating to ADDICTIVE in my tastes and I absolutely LOVE it now! Easily one of the best (I'm calling it second  best) tunes on this album and I imagine many people will just buy that one tune because I think this may be the first OFFICIAL disc on which it appears so far (Don's Music even made the tune a single for the album apparently and paid for a VERY NICE video). The third tune on Don's Collector Saison 3 is actually the first taste we get of actual French Caribbean (in Creole) as superstar and soon to be returning Admiral T checks in with his relatively recent hit Yo pa enm&eacute;. This one is another for the dance floor and it caught on quite well, it might actually be older than I think, but you STILL hear it playing and not infrequently at all. All in all, a solid opening for the album.Unexpectedly, just as VP does with their compilations Don's Music takes the opportunity on Don's Collector Saison 3 to show off some material from some of their most recent releases. This has both a negative and positive effect (at least with me). First the bad news - Between Mali and [La Homme De] Paille, the two appear on no less than six tunes on the album and I'm not very fond of Mali. Thankfully he only checks in twice. YOU may like Mali, however as his style is much less Dancehall and much MORE Hip-Hop sounding which I just don't have the ears for these days (his second effort here, Avec Toi is easily his best). Mali also has an album out for Don's Music, Flow 55, as does Paille, who I have much more tolerance for but I'm simply tired of hearing these songs. And of course, they would choose Jet Set, the combination with Mali. And although they tap La Crise with Anthony B as well, it is the two other tunes Pleurer [Crying] and Week-End lan Riv&eacute; which are the highlights for the Dancehall scarecrow from out of Martinique. The good news about DM using their own talent? Sak, of course. Call me a hypocrite if you like (and you'd probably be right) but I've spun Sak's songs even more than Paille's and I'm still not tired of them. Of his two efforts here, his solo Pon Ed is just COOL and his other, a Zouk-ish/Reggae-ish combination alongside singer Methi'S which is absolutely DIVINE and I've loved it since the first time I heard it and it was a HUGE hit and is my choice as the best tune Don's Collector Saison 3 has to offer altogether (and you should check it out on Sak's MASSIVE debut album Face &agrave; la R&eacute;alit&eacute; also). Altogether, by my count fourteen of twenty  tracks on the disc are from artists who have released DM projects in the past at least). I was very impressed by another of these artists, Gwada veteran Pleen Pyroman on the BLAZING Ki Moun Ki Di. Pleen has been around for quite awhile and I don't follow him VERY closely at all, but I know him to be QUALITY and Ki Moun Ki Di is just that definitely. The first French Caribbean artist I started listening is also present here twice, the three times Don's Music veteran from out of Martinique the always STRONG Sal. The best of his efforts is the WONDERFUL Diaspora which comes in the second half (the first half is really hype while the one-drop and the Zouk kicks in after track thirteen roughly) and is easily one of the best tunes you'll hear on this album, definitely! Another of the Gwada artists (he might be from Martinique) also REALLY delivers high class with his tune, Gigik, the flame throwing Lieutenant. This one is just CRAZY ADDICTIVE! It comes in like an old school Dancehall type of vibes and cadence and it really just never tires. If you like that old school toasting type of delivery (think early Bounty Killer, more on him in a minute) you'll LOVE Gigik. It just flows right in and I don't think Lieutenant has actually had a project going for Don's Music (or an album at all to my knowledge) but the time appears to be drawing near hopefully. Gigik is MADNESS! Right after Gigik fades out Bounty Killer himself chimes in with the second time he appears on this series (he had a combination on Vol. 2 with Sal which was a decent sized hit, [...] This time he goes solo with the WICKEDLY SCATHING They Don't Know for Esco from last year. This one is just HARD and from a technical aspect (DUH) one of the best on the album and a real surprise to see rolling around this tracklist. I'll also mention briefly young Lifyah, who I've NEVER heard of before. His tune, Il suffit d'un regard (aka Baby), although kind of corny, is also just a nice vibes throughout and trust me, just like it did for me, it will grow on you. Ending things on Don's Collector Saison 3 are the aforementioned veterans Admiral T and Sal with VERY old tunes, Toucher l'horizon and Saison d'Amour, respectively. I don't know why either tune is on the album quite honestly, but again, if this is your first time hearing them, you're certain to love them both (maybe that's why they're included). But we're hoping both return with albums in 2009 (and it seems fairly certain in both cases).Overall, Don's Collector Saison 3 is built just like a Reggae Gold from VP. It is, essentially a showcase for the label, Don's Music, with a lot of flare and pizzazz thrown in to catch your attention on paper and, for the most part, pans out quite well. This is a series which is actually quite important because, from an official standpoint, I don't know too many other comps like it which get the wide distribution as Don's Collector internationally speaking. You also won't find the star studded lineup on this one either. This one is recommended for the newer fans (which is why it exists after all) as you're almost certain to eat it up. Older fans? Grab Tempa Wine and half fun. Although not equally, Don's Collector Saison 3 does come with at least a little something for everyone.
While some of the songs are really outstanding (Maria Cervantes, Perdido), other pieces are deceiving (La Morena De Mi Copla, El Menu). This is an excellent band with a poorly balanced repertoire.
I bought this CD from a local vendor several years ago. The original CD I bought had 24 tracks. This downloadable version has only 15 tracks. What happened to the other nine tracks? For this reason I give it only three stars. As far as I know, it's not the complete CD.It may be that the old version I had was the one with &#34;explicit lyrics/content,&#34; and these tracks were removed from this downloadable version.Otherwise the downloadable version is fine, but remember, it's missing nine tracks.
After their original album Colonial Cousins, all the subsequent ones have been somewhat disappointing.  They trend towards more Indian pop music rather than fusion of classical Indian with western influences.
It's NOTHING as good as La Verdadera Maquina... it's not nearly as good. It's mediocre and generic. Not BAD, though. Franco can never be BAD, but it's really not good, either. I wish I had saved the money till its on sale.
IT is ok, I was able to used during my dance practice at home, I recommend this CD. Thank you
Voix du Mali with Oumou Sangare is by far the best track on the album... near perfection
This might have been taken from a vinyl album, with all the clicks and pops. Beautiful music though, nevertheless! Enjoy.
I often find myself speaking about the popularity and the presence of producers, engineers and players of instrument, as it, of course, isn't up to the level of the vocal artists. While this certainly isn't a problem (and actually, amongst the MOST popular producers, they're sometimes more popular than some of the acts they produce) there remains a relatively healthy cast of characters, in and out of the studio who, in my opinion, comprise an even more unknown and underappreciated group of people who are very instrumental to pushing the greatest music in the world. When I think of people who might fall into this category, the initial and definitely one of the most CRUCIAL is Jeremy Harding. Now, Reggae heads INSTANTLY know who Harding is and just how RIDICULOUSLY important he has been to the entire promotion of the Dancehall community, locally and worldwide as he has, very quietly, been one of the most important figures in the history of Dancehall. Harding is, of course, the owner and operator of 2 Hard Records and is the person most credited with having discovered Dancehall superstar Sean Paul, whom he also currently manages. And if his work with Sean Paul wasn't enough (and it was) Jeremy Harding was also the mastermind behind the SCINTILLATING Playground Riddim which birthed hits such as Sean Paul's Infiltrate, Nike Air by Vegas and the unforgettable Who Am I from Dancehall ace, Beenie Man, arguably one of the most IMPORTANT Dancehall tunes of all time. Another person who would fall into a similar group would be Cordell `Scatta' Burrell. To overstand the impact that Scatta has had, you have to overstand just as much what the people he has helped have gone onto do (therefore you have to know who they are). Burrell was once the actual producer and builder of music at the once (and still) reputable Kings Of Kings imprint, headed by Colin `Iley Dread' Levy (who would also have a case for being included here). As the music man at KoK, Scatta would have been very important in launching the respective careers of artists such as Norris Man (he worked on Persistence and the subsequent album named after it), Chrisinti and Ce'Cile (he produced both the Coolie Dance and Martial Arts riddims). Also, on his account, apart from KoK, Scatta successfully helped launch the careers of Dancehall upstarts Aidonia and Einstein. There are also names such as Andrew Henton (without whom we wouldn't know Tanya Stephens as we do today), Sheldon `Calibud' Stewart and quite a few others which don't ring as strong on paper and by word as do those of some of their more well known (but not necessarily more SKILLED) peers in production.And you also have this group of producers who kind of exist as 'Jack Of All Trades' types who have cut their musical teeth LITERALLY doing any and everything in the studio (even getting in the booth and singing in some cases). This is, generally, the natural progression of a producer on almost any level, however, there are some individuals whose past are SO interesting yet seem to go SO far underneath the radar that it becomes . . . well kind of disturbing actually. Such is the case here. The very fact that the name Paul Henton does not resonate with all but a few hardest of hardcore Reggae fans worldwide is very interesting. The producer/arranger/engineer/musician has such an amazing past that I or anyone with a halfway decent collection of modern Reggae could probably draw on ANY of their albums and see his name credited, in some way, shape or fashion, with having had something to do with at least ONE tune on it. `Computer Paul' as he is called has had his hand in SO many projects that you simply have to be in awe by what he's done in his travels. Internationally speaking, the producer has worked with the likes of Afrikan pop star, Akon and he also worked on Jimmy Cliff's I Can See Clearly Now and the tune Bad Boys from Inner Circle, two of the most well known Reggae songs of all time. Also, for me personally, Computer Paul was on board on (at least) two of my favourite creations. One of which was quietly (apparently his style) one of my favourite Dancehall riddims in semi-recent history, the Forensic, back in 2003 or so. That very STRANGELY vibed riddim was BIG for me and although it doesn't stand so well in terms of by comparison to bigger riddims of it's time, it definitely worked with me. The other piece that (I know about) will infinitely and indefinitely keep Computer Paul's name relatively fresh in my memory is the tune No Time To Gaze from Sizzla's album Black Woman & Child. Should you have that album (and you should), go and thumb through the liner notes of it and you'll see Paul incorrectly credited as piano/keyboard player on a few tracks as P. Enton. No Time To Gaze, depending on the day you ask me, may just be my favourite Sizzla song of all time and, on any day; it's definitely at least top ten. Just last year, having for quite awhile had his very own imprint, Boot Camp Records, Computer Paul brought another tune which may help to keep his a name which will continue its presence in my players for years to come (as if he needed the help) (and he didn't). The vehicle for this tune was the LOVELY Wonderland Riddim which was definitely one of my top ten favourites of 2008 and one which I was so happy to see make it to an album form as, again, so many of Paul's project either don't make it, or not much of a big deal is made about them if/when they do. The Wonderland is an absolutely beautiful track! It's not much in the way of `revolutionary' or proverbially `changing the game' but it plays to its undoubted strength which is just being one of the smoothest and simply well done pieces you would have heard anywhere last year (and in the last few years). Computer Paul, ever the professional, also stocked the Wonderland with a very interesting artist selection including a few of his own favourites and a few of my favourites (one in particular) which serves one of the best riddims of 2008 very well, ultimately.The keyboard sounding vibes which play across this one-drop is just so nice. It definitely doesn't sound like something you would hear coming from the BRILLIANT Kemar `Flava' McGregor's catalogue or a few other producers, and that's a good thing as it retains a bit of it's originality in a genre oft-criticized for not being so high in that department. Attempting to distinguish themselves on the Wonderland Riddim album first is the up and coming girl group MBC [Make Boyz Cry]. I believe the sometimes impressive group is Paul's and Boot Camp's own discovery and they are actually his artists and he always seems to get the best out of them to my opinion. While I'm not prepared to call their effort here, One More Try "the best", it is a pretty good tune and you can well expect to see and hear more from the trio in the future (especially if you're Japanese, apparently). Up next on the Wonderland is another underrated and underappreciated individual, VETERAN singer Anthony Red Rose who taps in with the somewhat basic but still relatively impressive Cities Don't Sleep. This tune was interesting because I liked it initially and it tended to fall more and more out of favour as I spun it more and more. Right now, however, it's still pretty nice with a nice story telling type of vibes and we'll forgive Red Rose and Computer Paul for the autotune. DYCR and Singing Melody bat clean up on the opening here and do so, in my opinion with the most impressive tune of the opening lot, Love Is The Answer. This tune didn't grow on or away from me at all, I liked it almost instantly. The thing about DYCR, and especially on combinations, is that you, the listener, or you, the other artist, have to simply keep up with him on your own because the riddim won't help you and Singing Melody, ever the veteran doesn't even try. Instead the two deliver a very `natural' sounding combination which reminds me of something that so many, so unfortunately, seem to forget: In all questions and matters of life, the answer is love. The tune is the highlight of an otherwise adequate opening.As I mentioned, the Wonderland gave me one of my favourite tunes also from 2008 from a most unsurprising artist, Lutan Fyah. His piece across the riddim, the BRUTAL Lead Me To Your Door, was one tooth achingly SWEET tune! The song ranks quite high, if not at the top of Fyah's lovers tunes to my ears (also up there is the BIG Venus) and you'll be doing yourself a pure disservice if you don't at least check that one tune from the Wonderland. Fyah leads a stretch of three very familiar artists right now which includes Natural Black and Norris Man. I didn't HATE Black's tune Joy & Pain, but it DEFINITELY isn't amongst my favourites from the riddim and even more definitely not from the artist himself. Norris Man's The World Is Love, however, is far more appreciable, as after a very rugged beginning it REALLY gets going and proves to be one of the stronger tunes on the riddim altogether actually. I'll also throw into this pack, although his is a few tunes down the line, Stevie Face with the anti-violence, Morgan Heritage vibed How Come. Face is actually a Boot Camp artist, I believe and Computer Paul helms his forth coming sophomore album, Tell It Like It Is and you can be pretty sure that How Come will feature there as well and on that album, as it is on the Wonderland, it'll probably ALSO be one of the best tunes going in. Looking up and down the tracklist, another thing really stood out as well as far as the artist selection. Wonderfully, especially in this time, the Queens are REALLY prevalent on the Wonderland riddim. After MBC, next is the potential PACKED Nikesha Lindo, who delivers the very nice R&B; vibed You Don't Have To Leave. If international ears ever get a hold of her music, Lindo may just be a big star, she has that type of sound definitely (also, incidentally, Nikesha's brother Kashief also checks in nicely on the Wonderland with I'm Ready Now). The big voiced Rovleta Fraser of Stephen Marley fame also comes through on the riddim on her tune, It's Strange. Fraser is an artist who doesn't ALWAYS have to do her best because her `pipes' can ultimately `save' her if need be, however, that's not necessary here as even though It's Strange isn't her best material in my opinion, it isn't far. The tune is very nice. (CUTIE) Tina Nunezz also makes an appearance on the Wonderland with the sexy, Caught Up. Nunezz is another of a whole heap of young songstresses who seem capable of attracting mainstream attention someday and I think the "mainstream" audiences (whoever they are) would absolutely love Caught Up, even though it's not one of my favourites (not bad though). And speaking of MAINSTREAM, the very definition of mainstream success for a female in Reggae also voices the Wonderland as Lady Patra hits with the actually pretty nice First Nite. Not too surprisingly Computer Paul also played a rather instrumental musical role in Patra's earlier sensational career and him having her back for this project was an excellent touch and one certain to grab a bit of attention, one way or another. And the last female to grace the Wonderland is the underrated former Shocking Vibes member Twiggi who goes inspirational and maybe outdoes the lot of her femme peers on the riddim with the WONDERFUL You And You Alone. Twiggi was (I THINK) supposed to have an album last year that never materialized to my knowledge, but I'm always happy to see her voicing tunes and You And You Alone is a very nice example of exactly why. She's always top notch. And also, check up and coming Timmy B's SOLID declaration of his own arrival with It's My Time Now. And, always the nice touch, Twiggi's tune leads into the official closer which is a beautiful clean version of the Wonderland which places a bow on this nice gift of an album.Overall, I'm not proclaiming either the Wonderland or its album to be the best of their kind but it is WELL solid. I would particularly recommend if you tend to favour the more romantically vibed pieces, but just general Reggae heads can also definitely apply. The Wonderland also looks well in respect to Boot Camp. The label is one which doesn't typically get a TON of attention and, in retrospect, the Wonderland didn't get so much attention either, but there is something awfully powerful to be said of CONSISTENTLY making good music, whether or not the hits roll in as consistently. The Wonderland was one of 2008's best riddims altogether, it had a HUGE tune in Lutan Fyah's Take Me To Your Door and I'm sure the world is going to love Stevie Face's album also. Now don't you think it's getting a bit ridiculous that Computer Paul isn't more well known???
This is a decent album with an ok mix of artists playing varying styles of reggae. It would be a good album for those trying to get a feel for the genre.
In case you're not familiar with Sabicas (1912-90), he was one of the greatest flamenco guitarists of the 20th century and a major influence on all his successors, most notably Paco de Luc&iacute;a.In the 1950s and '60s, many record labels (particularly, I seem to recall,  Capitol) released LP albums also as sets of 3 EPs. This gave the buyer finer-grained choice of material, and also enabled one to buy on the instalment plan, as it were.The down-side was that EPs were, at least mostly, monophonic.The cover of the present album portrays such an EP, containing 3 tracks from Sabicas's seminal 1959Flamenco Puroalbum, that (to quote Paco Pe&ntilde;a) caused "an explosion" when it reached Spain.Amazon's track listing, however, shows an oddity in the addition ofRitmos Paraguayos, which is an arrangement for 3 guitars of the old Trio Los Paraguayos hit "Bell Bird" (P&aacute;jaro campana), from3 Guitarras Tiene Sabicas(1969); and whose relationship to Flamenco, puro or not, is nil.In addition, in the tradition of the mislabelling of the original album, which no one bothered to correct for 50 years, the piece labelled "Ecos Jerezanos (Sole&aacute; Por Buler&iacute;as)" is actually "Aires de Triana (Buler&iacute;as)", and "Ecos De La Mina (Taranta)" is "Duelo de campanas (Siguiriya)".That said, all of this is superb music. But at (as I write) more than half the price of the wholeFlamenco Puroalbum, it doesn't seem to me very good value.AND Amazon's sample of "Ritmos Paraguayos" sounds to me like mono, whereas the original has a good stereo spread.
This is a good album that is very easy to listen to. Because of the low sounds it tends to stay in the background when you are listening to it, but its good and from an indie artist. It is worth having in your collection.
This CD is indeed a document of a very good thing...Gregg Rolie, touring and playing his great music to audience of the post-nuclear dawn of creation.BUTIt could have been so much better than what we have here documented on this disc.Flaw number one: Gregg is singing great and has a crack band behind him performing this music to a crowd that is indeed really happy to experience this event. Alphonso Johnson, (often seen with Carlos Santana) is amazing as one of the greats on bass guitar. Michael Carebello, Adrian Areas and Ron Wikso find the punch and awesome power needed to fire the engine room in proper Santana Band style and flow. Wally Minko adds to the sound of the keyboards that when added to what Gregg is playing really fill-out the sound of this music. At last we arrive to Kurt Griffey the guitar player found in this band. Kurt, is a fine player and adds his own style to this band but, he is the weak link found here on: "Rain Dance-Live" as we are already hearing what Carlos and/or Neal Schon would be playing here in his place and that would be at least a few notches above Kurt's abilities as he cannot compete with those two masters.Flaw number two: Gregg has been locked into his days of fame with the Santana band between 1969 through 1972 and about half of the music found here dates from that small window of Gregg's musicial career. There are three Journey albums from 1975-1977: "Journey" "Look Into The Future" and "Next" that contain some dynamite material that would be most welcome additions here and the fans are screaming to hear this segment of Gregg's music it would be a giant plus to have them here as a part of this set. It is indeed good to see some of Gregg's solo material being a part of this but, the songs from pre-Perry Journey need to be revisited to show the world just how great they are. there is much more to Gregg Rolie than another take of: "Black Magic Woman."Again, a revised set list and the addition of Neal Schon (found on the amazing record "Abraxas Pool") would really fire up: "Rain Dance-Live" to the five-stars it could and should be. Better than purchasing this disc would be attending a show from the Gregg Rolie Band and supporting him wherever he is to be playing next. This artist hasn't gotten his due as one of the greats from the magic that was the San Francisco music scene of the 1960's and 70's. This is a good disc but it could have been something much bigger and better.Three Stars
I can see why some people rate this 5 stars and others hate it. It's a very weird disc. The sound is a little muddy and the use of synthesizers instead of strings is a little cheesy BUT it's been too long since we've had something new from Colon and there are those glorious moments where the sexy trombone soars over the rhythms and strings and you know he is just a genius. Sometimes the trombone is part of the call and response of the coro or maybe it's a straight ahead solo but it's a great sound. And Colon is a great vocalist- slight;y nasal but soothing and intense.This isn't a good dance record. The beats stop and start and change. But Colon has been noodling around with salsa mixed with pop for years so it's no surprise he refuses to so a lot of straight ahead salsa here. But if he had included one or two more straight ahead salsa numbers, I think it would be easier to accept the more experimental stuff which is cute or OK but rarely great.I hope this is the start of many new releases.
In case you're not familiar with Sabicas (1912-90), he was one of the greatest flamenco guitarists of the 20th century and a major influence on all his successors, most notably Paco de Luc&iacute;a.In the 1950s and '60s, many record labels (particularly, I seem to recall,  Capitol) released LP albums also as sets of 3 EPs. This gave the buyer finer-grained choice of material, and also enabled one to buy on the instalment plan, as it were.The down-side was that EPs were, at least mostly, monophonic.The cover of the present album portrays such an EP, containing 3 tracks from Sabicas's seminal 1959Flamenco Puroalbum, that (to quote Paco Pe&ntilde;a) caused "an explosion" when it reached Spain.In the tradition of the mislabelling of the original album, which no one bothered to correct for 50 years, the piece labelled "Punta Y Tac&oacute;n (Farruca)" is actuallyBrisas de la Caleta (Malague&ntilde;a).That said, all of this is superb music. But at (as I write) nearly half the price of the wholeFlamenco Puroalbum, it doesn't seem to me very good value.
In case you're not familiar with Sabicas (1912-90), he was one of the greatest flamenco guitarists of the 20th century and a major influence on all his successors, most notably Paco de Luc&iacute;a.In the 1950s and '60s, many record labels (particularly, I seem to recall,  Capitol) released LP albums also as sets of 3 EPs. This gave the buyer finer-grained choice of material, and also enabled one to buy on the instalment plan, as it were.The down-side was that EPs were, at least mostly, monophonic.The cover of the present album portrays such an EP, containing 3 tracks from Sabicas's seminal 1959Flamenco Puroalbum, that (to quote Paco Pe&ntilde;a) caused "an explosion" when it reached Spain.In the tradition of the mislabelling of the original album, which no one bothered to correct for 50 years, the piece labelled "Aires De Triana (Seguidillas)" is actuallyEcos de la mina (Taranta), "Brisas De La Caleta (Malague&ntilde;a)" is actuallyEcos jerezanos (Sole&aacute; por Buler&iacute;as)and "Aires De Triana (Buler&iacute;as)" isPunta y tac&oacute;n (Farruca).That said, all of this is superb music. But at (as I write) nearly half the price of the wholeFlamenco Puroalbum, it doesn't seem to me very good value.
There is good and bad about this album.  The good is that it is nice and long.  The bad is that about 1/2 way through it turns into something that you would hear in an elevator, not at a party (at least not at a party that you don't want to sleep through).  I was expecting more steel drum action as well which you get in the first few tracks but it dies out fairly soon.  As cheesy as it sounds, I would recommend one of the Carnival Steel Drum Band collections over this one.
$14.99 for this cd? it's expensive for the quality of the cover which is paper and breaks easily. The sound is not the best either or maybe I just got a bad copy. Disappointed!
If you aren't annoyed by children's music, this would be better, lol!  It's okay but my kids don't really like it all that much and I can't stand it.  But I'm really sensitive to annoying &#34;kiddy&#34; music too.  I knew going into it, it would be, but I was hoping it wouldn't be, lol!
I bought this CD for my husband's Spanish Immersion classroom as resource material for learning vocabulary and just for the kids to listen to.  We listened to it and loved the songs (which have tons of vocabulary in them and are fun to listen to), but were shocked by the horrible accents of the people singing.  We could tell they were definitely not native Spanish speakers...or if they are, they have picked up a very marked American accent; their hard "t" sounds are especially bad on words like "importante."  We've decided the best thing to do would be for my husband to learn the tunes and words of the songs and then teach them to the kids without using the CD.  We were very disappointed about this since they are great songs...we just can't have the kids picking up such a bad accent.
The mix is okay. There are just a few songs in this album that I really like, others are ok.
Average songs collection but totally worth the price. I bought the collection for gym and some of the songs serve the purpose.
Buen CD de Damas Gratis. Contiene el tema "Se te ve la Tanga" que los llev&oacute; al &eacute;xito. Primer exitazo de Damas Gratis. Tambi&eacute;n contiene el gran tema "Los Due&ntilde;os del Pabell&oacute;n" y canciones memorables como: "El Ganador, Yo Ando Ganando y el Fumanchero." Otro gran trabajo de Damas Gratis. Cumbia villera 100%.
This album is a mix of artists and songs. You'll probably find, as I did, that some are great and some are not. All are in Croatian, a slavic language that sounds similar to Russian. As to the songs:"Makedo" and "Da Me Pojubis" both had an unpleasant yelling sound."Sanjati Cemo Zuto" was light and fun, reminding me of the peppy music you hear in Tex-Mex restaurants."Paranoja" was insistent and unpleasant."Dalmatino..." was a slow church-style chant."Ona za Ribara Nece" had a great intro that sounded like church bells, followed by a more modern pace and tone."Davno" had a peaceful strumming sound.Worthwhile, especially if you know Slavic languages.
When this popped up on my Amazon recommendations, and I noticed it was free I had to give it a shot. I couldn't think of any Croatian music in particular that I'd knowingly heard. Well, as other reviews have mentioned, this is an inconsistent sampler. I don't wind up liking every track on any sampler though, and this one was free! Just squint and pretend it's a Putumayo compilation.The first track is live, and it's hard to make live tracks enjoyable. Too much crowd noise, roughly recorded version of a song. The fourth track sounded like a cross between alterna-rock and ska, done Croatian style. Didn't dig the vocals. My husband mistook Da Me Pojubis for Italian music (from a distance), which was interesting. Dalmatino actually sounded almost hymnal.Overall, worth a try. Just don't expect that a consistent mood was the intent here. Or, do like a bunch of us and don't expect anything in particular for free and wind up pleasantly surprised by the tracks you do like.
The music is ok, except that Letu Stuke is not a Croatian band, they're from Sarajevo, Bosnia! And, I'm surprised that many great Croatian artist were not included, like Gibonni..or Massimo. Maybe next time:)
Well, I kept half the songs, and know I like at least 3 of them after only one time listening, so this album is good and bad. The style is more folkish, some of the songs are a lot of fun that way. Others have more of a rock feel, some of those are pretty good. But like I said, I only kept about half the album.Free download? Like world music? Yes -- try it out. Otherwise, probably not.The songs I liked:Ona Za Ribara NeceDalmatino, Poviscu PritrujenaDa Me Pojubis
There is a range of artists and styles with a couple selections I have listened to repeatedly and some I skip.
The tangos are Argentine tango - The first 3 selections are danceable for Argentine milongueros, and 8 is OK but very fast. Numbers 6 and 10 are clearly folk music, not tango, and the rest are mostly quiet songs good for listening but not dancing.
I have just returned from a two week cruise out of Buenos Aries that also visited Montevideo, Uruguay.  We spent several days in Buenos Aries before and after the cruise.  In that time we went to at least four different tango shows, in addition to the tango music & dancing (for the tourists) that takes place all over both cities.  I'm no music expert but I will say these performances all sound very typical of what we heard during our time in Argentina and Uruguay.  The tangos we saw had all sorts of tempo (speed) changes, and what at first sounded to me like off-key accordion chords.  But I can assure all... these are not off-key chords (after I heard them a few times my American ear learned to discern the subtleties).  So sit back and listen or get up and dance; but enjoy!
Most of the sounds are too subtle and the same tune is repeated over and over again for the large part with very few variations. I could have done with some other music.
It's a complete disservice to the artists and defeats the entire point of creating a sampler if the tracks are not attributed to anyone.
This is an enjoyable Brazilian music sampler, if only the people responsible had attempted to inform us who the actual musicians are. Due to unavailable artist tags in the mp3 files I downloaded from Amazon, I researched other albums on the Brazilian Atrao label to find out the names of the artists. Such a sloppy effort to inform us of the actual names of the artists, makes me wonder about the commitment and competency of the label and it's digital distributor "The Orchard", the company that owns eMusic as well. I see these irregularities on the eMusic site all the time, and these occurences do not fill me with joy, only hours of tracking down info and re-tagging files.Here's who I think is on this sampler:Bomfim by NauraSamba da Bahia by Banda de BocaSamba de Garoa  (trk 12) is actuallyCoisas Da Paixo (La Solitudine) by Carlos Pitta( thanx to reviewer Speight who tracked down his album Fotos, Baladas E Recordaes)Terezinha De Jesus by Paulo MouraVale do Javari by Regional Vermelho E BrancoXote Laranjeira by Renato BorghettiP&aacute;ssaro Sonhador by Arlindo JuniorL&aacute; Vema Onda by Escurinho ( the album is called Malocage)De Lua e Sol by Gilberto MonteiroIerer by Al MunizNayambing Blues by Ado NegroEu Prefiro Baio by CascabulhoP&eacute;rola by Alma SerranaSete Palavras by Pedro Bento e Ze Da Estrada (?)
You really can't beat free for trying out a new kind of music you may or many not like.  In my case, it wasn't for me.  Despite there being a wide variety of styles represented, I ended up deleting the whole thing after sampling each track, not a single one made it to my permanent collection.
We enjoyed the songs and the fact is was about logging in the Pacific Northwest and we have loggers in the family, but the dialog between songs was hard to hear. We were constantly turning the volume up and down.
If you are a tango music aficionado, and if you don't already have the songs, this is a good value for the money. The trouble is that probably any serious tango music fan probably already owns most if not all these tracks from many albums. However, if you are a tango dancer or a tango DJ, you'll find *very* little in this collection that you want to play at a milonga.... I have almost all these tracks in my collection already and the few I do not have are not in my list of tracks to get. Although I enjoy tango music of different vintages, I don't want to add any more non-danceable tangos to my collection. Do not buy these tracks if you are going to play for dancing, you'll only disappoint the dancers.....
Not bad for a collection catchy melodies, however 3 tracks don't play the whole thing is has missing length the songs did not finish this is a ripoff. I suggestion try to click on the artist before you buy you might find them longer least acceptable where it ends right just the 3 tracks.
Contemporary English language club tracks, heavy on the vocoder / auto-tune effects, but this appears to be inescapable.  Also, many appear to be long clips and not complete songs.  Hey kids in Romania, is this really what you are listening to?
the sounds are very pretty and the melodies sound very well done. the only problem that i have with it is that i unfortunatly don't understand the words. i love how this album sounds and i give it three stars.
Despite the fact nobody is buying this record (rumor has is that it sold something like 8 copes its first week), this album represents a decent effort from Vybz Kartel. It's nowhere close to his 2008 effort The Teacher's Back.For starters, it is a PG-13 album. Big change from the Dancehall Mozart. You arent gonna hear your typical Vybz batty boy talk or poonani talk. The "album" was done in 4 days...from his washroom. Most of it is freestyle or at least partly freestyle and has weak production value.Bottom line: few good songs - "get wild", "love of money", "like am movie" "versitility" (clean version of "virginity"), but def. nowhere close to the effort of Teacher's Back. Big fan of Vybz's voice, his style and his music, so def. worth 9 bucks for me. Some of these songs are available in the R version and are WAY better.3/5, cuz i'm comparing it against Teacher's Back. Hopefully his next album though, he returns to his true style, as the filthy, hilarious, talented word artist he is
this cd is great but will not play on my dvd/home entertainment unit.I tworks in my computer disc drive and in the car but will not play on a conventional cd player!
My mistake for not reading closer but this is aSINGLE not an entire albumSort of pricey then for one songbut a good one thoughLike it
Enjoying the mellow tunes, however sounds more like music from  Iran or an Islamic type sound. Not bad just missing more flute or drum beats.
Unfortunately this cd doesn't sound professionally produced. In many of the songs the recording levels peak with electronic feedback that ruins the song. Many of these tracks I would never play because of this, so I don't think it was worth buying the whole cd. El Violin de Becho is good for download, and doesn't have feedback in it. A few others are acceptable quality, but too many are not. The orchestra is talented and has an interesting style, so other cds may be better.
this woman has a beautiful voice and her songs are very professional.  this is not what i was looking for.  i want devotional chanting preferable by males.  these are songs, very melodious, they don't sound devotional.  the sitar and tabala add a nice touch.
I guess this is a pretty good album from Jamie Bergeron. I am not that familiar with his music but liked one song on this album so I went ahead and bought it.
It is frustrating to that when you click a certain song, some other song plays.  It is a pot-luck which number you here.  Otherwise, sound quality is OK and if you like the artist you will enjoy it.
&#34;An act involved in such mystery and closure from the rest of the English-speaking world, no wonder why the Welsh-language album Stwff by Llwybr Llaethog hardly gets any clout. Stwff, while excellent and varied in construction, does not exactly strike as a purely important or rhythmically intriguing album altogether but a hodgepodge of what their sound is like altogether. While there are several songs from their much better and rhythmically dynamic Chwaneg (Blino and Ar Fy Llw), Stwff only has one particularly enriching and melodically beautiful toward the end known as Aberdaron. Full of spoken word and mysterious piano, emotions and visions of childhood often convey here much in the way Funki Porcini illustrated an eerie vibrance in The Third Man on his album On or The Big Sea on Fast Asleep.&#34;
No doubt a nice "collection" of Faz, but none of these have been "Digitally Remastered".These were all recorded from the original vinyl LP's.These are all excellent songs by Faz, just not "Digitally Remastered"If it's decent "remastered" music by Faz you're looking for, stick with stuff on the Tumbao and Egrem labels.
This are the same CD trax as A Gift From Cairo w/ Hamouda Ali 2001[original ca. 1980]. Exactly the same.
I would rate the album as fair to good. There are about 4 songs that are really good and the others I would consider as OK. I did enjoy the variety in Stafani Montiel's voice. I would recommend this to any Stefani Montiel fan.
The vibe is even-tempered and steady, opened with an awesome Jackie Edwards song that you'll undoubtedly replay often. Aside from Edwards' masterpiece, titled "I'm Still Waiting," the rest of the album is a warm cross-section of mood music. Cornell Campbell provides a strong opening with "Just My Imagination" and "My Baby Cares" -- his smooth falsetto creating a surreal feel reminiscent of 1970s soul music. Delroy Wilson's "I Want To Love You" brings a blues-edged sound to a laid-back roots reggae rhythm, and Hortense Ellis' "Unexpected Places" sounds like a reggae-version of an emotionally-charged Stax Records single. There are also some familiar Lovers Rock hooks, like Dennis Brown's "Why Can't I Touch You" and Ken Boothe's "Ain't That Loving You," which provide an air of dependable romanticism. Overall, it's the vintage sound that provides an unexpected musical lift for this album. The old-school mood creates positive vibes by resurrecting the simple pleasures of the vinyl-record era - filling the room with natural energy that uplifts without excessive effort.
This has a good mix that has a little bit of everything new age or fusion for dancers.  Don't expect any classics on here except for a couple redone as mixes.  Some songs, to me, are "eh" others are really good.  I also like the end song mix to play as ambient music.There's few glaring issues though. Song #34 Meltan by Oriental Star is actually song #40 Cybele by Solace.  I don't know if there was an error when the mp3s were ripped or if the actual CD has the same two songs on it or if Oriental Star just grabbed a Solace song and called it their own.  So you're not getting 40 songs and mix you're getting 39 and a mix.  Oh, and #35 Kassar Army by Pete list is also a Solace song that I recognize from one of the albums I have.  But I don't think it's repeated on this album.  At least not as a Solace song.  Also, #36 is a Solace song, not a drum solo as listed.  Thinking about it, I think some of these may have been misnamed when this was created.
Good tunes, but they're all stolen from other releases. If you are a fan and already own the albums "I-Space," "Black History," "Taking Over," "Jah Bless Me With Life," "Blaze Up the Chalwa," and "Speak of Jah," then you already own almost all of these songs. Basically this is a compilation except chosen half-randomly. Oh, and they renamed most of the songs so this con would be easier to pull. The people behind this also brought previous ripoffs like "Burning Fire" and "Children of Jah." Don't support them by buying or legally downloading their crap.
I SOMEWHAT ENJOY THIS ALBUM IT HAS A HINT OF OLD SCHOOL MIXED IN WITH A LITTLE TEJANO CHRISTMAS FLAVOR
We had purchased this item expecting  a  real CD to bring to the kids missionary to Peru. Would be much easier then having trouble with downloading.
If you like the Chilli Pipers you will like this although it is not as good as the recording of their live performance.
I bought this for the Oregon song and was hoping to find some other songs on it that were good but... well... all of his other songs sound kind of the same.  Maybe it just wasn't my style.
I didn't like this album as much as I thought I would. I generally like Thornton's music, I listened to all the samples before purchasing, and was still a bit disappointed.  It seems like a re-hash of a lot of his stuff from the "Egypt" albums. I also thought that in many songs the screechy pipes/horns/whatever drown out the percussion.
I was fortunate to seeLaurel Aitkenlive. From the late fifties to his late seventies, he was an incredible performer; when I discovered this album (recorded shortly before his death), I bought it without a second thought.Sadly, it isn't very good.The band does a great job playing the tunes but without "the Godfather of Ska" on vocals, the results are - to put it politely - inconsistent. All the covers are performed faithfully and with reverence to a (then) living legend but they just do not measure up to the originals.Show some love and download track 17 (bring back the Prince!) but consider passing on the album.
If you enjoy the sound of music boxes and can tolerate about 40 minutes of it, then you will truly enjoy this CD. I love the Celtic songs contained on the CD, but because it said the music was performed on a grand piano, I expected them to sound more like from a traditional pianist such as Roger Williams or Richard Clayderman. You really can't get tell much from the short sampling. In all fairness to Innisfree Ceoil, the songs are nice, and the listener would probably enjoy each if heard mixed with other artists. For me, there is just too much of a music box sound to enjoy listening as a complete CD. I'll have to stick with the great Phil Coulter.
I heard "te quiero a ti" on jango's channel.  Modern sounding, with modern instruments, but there's an interesting twist: the beat is very slightly different.  It's difficult to convey in words, but if you consider the cumbia beat to be LONG-SHORT-SHORT-LONG with accents on the two LONGs, then what's different is that the second LONG comes in a little later than standard cumbia, giving a kind of "lope" to the rhythm.Perhaps this sounds subtle, but the Cumbia rhythm is mostly very standard, and of all the cumbia I have listened to (LOTS), this one stands out because it has changed the beat.  You might even say this is not quite cumbia.Now for the music in the album.  I really like the song, "te quiero a ti".  The problem is, there is not very much variety in this album.  The same loping cumbia beat is used on every song, and the overall sound is very similar from song to song.  That's the reason I have given the album three stars - not enough variety - but check out the samples to hear how this album changes cumbia, just a bit.
To state my bias up front, Kiko Loureiro is my favorite guitarist. That said, I have to say Neural Code is like an Ohm record without the great songwriting, luscious guitar tone and super expressive performances. I have given it the mandatory 6 - 8 listens and it is over - no extraordinary depth, no knock-out performances. It you want to be blown away listen to Kiko's solo records: Universo Inverso, No Gravity and Full Blast. They will knock your head off!
Wore out the cassette tape I got at the Highland games in Lincoln,NH years ago from Alex Beaton who was singing there. Very nice person with wonderful sense of humor.
Not a total waste of time but I can't say it is easy for me to get into either. If I had it to do over I probably wouldn't buy it again.
I'll be the first to admit I don't understand much Korean but I wanted my son to have some exposure to the sounds of the language.  The music is sweet and relaxing, mildly amusing.  Not sure what I was expecting but it's alright and I guess it does the job!
It's a cool song to have in the rotation of my mixed music.  I would, probably, have liked it more if I understood the language, but music is universal and it sound of this song.  The reason I purchased this music track was for Sensato's energy.  This remix was better than the original.
With a deep dark loving soul this album stands out.  As bands like Mumford and Sons made Indie Folk more of a presence, this album is bound to get some attention.The album does require a relaxed atmosphere with a bit of a tainted mind.  Once played give the songs a chance and see the genious behind them.
I wish this was released as a CD because some of these mp3s have really bad sound quality, and are almost unlistenable. (skips and gaps) In spite of this, I liked the music. Some of my favorite songs are Elegua, Chango (Inle-Gue), Da Drum, and the Jungle/Drum'n'Bass track Barasuaye.
La Paquera de Jerez (1934-2004), from a very young age, sang at every possible event to help her family through the Years of Hunger that followed the Civil War.  With her tempestuous style andyouthful beauty, she became very popular.  She won the Premio Ni&ntilde;a de los Peines in 1971, and the Premio Nacional de Cante in 1980; a street in Jerez is named after her.This album, in which she is accompanied by Manolo Sanl&uacute;car, finds her in a typical vein: almost all Gypsy cantes, with an emphasis on Tientos and Buler&iacute;as.No one would accuse La Paquera of excessive subtlety.  This is Flamenco at its most energetic, raucous and direct.Since Amazon doesn't specify the styles of the tunes, I give them below.01) Tientos Maldigo tus ojos verdes02) Tientos Penas, compas y sentimientos03) Fandangos En tus palabras cre&iacute;04) Tango Antonio el del cante jondo05) Tarantas De las minas06) Tientos Tientos del querer07) Buler&iacute;as Romance de Amparo Vargas08) Buler&iacute;as Tres flamencos rondadores09) Tientos Al Nazareno le pido10) Alegr&iacute;as Alegr&iacute;as aragonesasThe total time is only 26'49", which is why three stars instead of four.
I am a big fan of the "Girls" previous releases and was very excited for this album to hit the streets.  As with Jack Johnson's "Sleep Through the Static", I can enjoy listening to "Spooks" but would rather throw in an older, more basic release.  Keep it simple.
I have a great fondness for Alastair McDonald, and he has a huge range of material available; this particular collection is very niche in it's focus, and has to be considered. The lion's share of the music here, as the title explains, is about battles. Which is OK, in moderation, for me. But after your fourth or fifth &#34;An' tha' blood swept forth like a wave o' red,&#34; you pretty much have the genre down. Let me put this into an American Perspective with an alternate track listing:1) Johnny Reb is in Gettysburg2) Set the wagons on Cemetery Hill3) Hold the line, New York4) Advance, Union Cavalry!5) Blood in the Peach Orchard6) Close the Gate, Mighty Maine7) March them forward, Pickett... and fifteen others. Scots, American, or Argentinian, 22 songs about fighting is pretty encompassing.That might work for some people, but it's not going to be a pleaser for those who are looking for a more expansive Scots musical experience. Stick with Alastair - but decide if you need an hour of song about William Wallace and the MacDonalds getting smacked around. Choose wisely for your tastes - obviously, if I could do it all again, I'd have done something less martial.
beautiful flamenco but it didn't really sound like a metallica song. . . . . . . . . .
I must admit that this is in some way prompted by a few bad reviews of Di Meola Plays Piazolla which is a marvelous tribute to Piazolla.  This recording rounds out my collection of Piazolla recordings. Is this a stand out composition, I would say no.  Is it of interest, I would say yes.  I beg off analysis as seems to be the wont of many Amazon would be reviewers.
Swedish composer and vocalist YANA MANGI has been active in the music business since the late 90's, at first as a member of various bands and then later as a solo artist. Her forte has been representation concerts, the blend of traditional Sami yoik with contemporary pop/rock music being a sought after item for Swedish firms that have desired to showcase something exotic yet uniquely Nordic that also resonates positively in an international setting. "Earth Shadow" is her first solo album, and was issued by Sakuntala Records in the spring of 2010.With the above description, it shouldn't come as much of a surprise that the material offered on this disc is mainstream oriented material. The yoik is the red thread of this effort, all the compositions are based around this vocal tradition to a lesser or greater extent. An additional trait frequently utilized are energetic, tribal-inspired rhythms, which does add a world music dimension when featured. The compositions themselves represent a rather great variety of stylistic expressions - from the mellow, Beatles-inspired The Sun, the hard rock-tinged landscapes explored in Njden, symphonic backdrops and art pop tendencies can be found in opening effort S&ouml;kare, while spacey drones and vocals in a more sparse setting close this disc in final track Promises. These as four examples that to some extent represent the outer boundaries of the diversity represented.All the tracks comes across as mainstream oriented affairs though, as they are relatively short, there's a substantial amount of repetition of themes and motifs, and at least on this occasion Yana Mangi doesn't utilize the unique nature of the Sami music tradition in a manner that can be described as unique or even adventurous, at least as seen from the perspective of a progressive rock reviewer. Indeed, my main impression as that the artist aims to bring her cultural heritage to the masses with this production, and perhaps has a desire to modernize it as well. Taking it out from the museum and into the real world, stage and FM radio if you like.Personally I find this material to be a bit too mainstream oriented to truly fascinate. A few exceptions aside I find this CD to consist of radio friendly, catchy material. In a perfect world she should have been able to harvest a few top 10 singles out of this album, as there are quite a few songs here with what was once described as hit potential. Besides a mainstream oriented audience, I'd guess that fans of artists like Kate Bush might take a liking to this production. Not because of stylistic similarities, as these are vastly different artists, but due to the common denominator they both share: The dreamlike, slightly otherworldly moods and atmospheres they both create, each in their own way.
This is too commercial for my taste. I was hoping this CD would be a collection of original Boleros from time past.
This LP has some of the ORIGINAL TRIO LOS PARAGUAYOS recordings.  Numbers: 1,2,4,6 to 16,18,19 and 21.It also has one GLARING MISTAKE,and that is that track number 19 is really "Floricita de Mi Cielo" (one of the trios' most beautiful) and track number 20 is NOT the original trio.  In other words "Plimpollo" is really "Floricita...and number 20, what is mistakenly labeled "Floricita ..." is really PLIMPOLLO get that?  And NOT an original Trio Los Paraguayos.My other comment is that this LP was produced in 2010 and OVER PRODUCED.  In other words, compared to the original 1958 10" LP original recordings of these songs the sound is "over-bright" and "edgy."I recommend buying the VINTAGE WORLD series here on Amazon, by the original TRIO.  There are only 4 songs per recording, and that is again an Amazon decision.  I have all THREE of the 10" LP Phillips original recordings and there are EIGHT songs on each.  They decided to break them up and switch the sequence and sell each VINTAGE WORLD for $3.96 -- somewhere in the process they lost 4 fantastic songs from Vol.3 (with orchestral accompaniment.)  Last word AVOID the Vintage World Number 53 -- not ORIGINAL!It's a long history of the original trio.  Luis Alberto de Parana left the group and formed his own Paraguayan group.  Not so good.  The other two original musicians went out on their own and did not do as well as the ORIGINAL TRIO.  So when buying these from any source "cuidado" and make sure you are getting the original recordings by the ORIGINAL TRIO done in Europe around 1958.  That was all she wrote.
I thought I would hear the whole songs, but the songs do not play to the end, over all it is all right.
Basso Ivan Rebroff was quite the rage in the 50s and 60s, especially in Germany,  and I remember liking him a lot.  This time around,  he does not seem to be as exciting.  Just me, Iguess.
Let me state from the first that I give the music itself 5 stars.  The lower overall rating I've given this item is due to Amazon's re-packaging.  True, they mention on the product page that this is a CD-R product, their contracted copy of the original release...but there's a good bit missing here, disclaimers aside.  The only artwork from the original Argentine issue is the cover image itself.  The rest of the artwork in this package is, I'm sure, the same as the artwork in any of their releases produced in this manner by their contractor.  There are no musician credits, photos, recording information, &c.;  There is nothing here that one could not purchase as a download...the only 'advantage' is saving the consumer the 'trouble' of burning a copy to hold in their hand.There are arguments to be made, of course, for making the product available in this form.  It's cheaper, for one thing, than most of the Argentine import sources easily found online (with some exceptions - some are even less expensive than this CD-R version, and come with complete artwork), and it will no doubt arrive more quickly than a copy ordered from South America.For a collector, however, it's a disappointment.  Instead of ordering the other previously unavailable (in the US) titles Amazon offers by Silvia, I think I'll try a little harder to find sources for the 'real thing'.I won't ignore the music itself (I had to get the above off my chest) - it's wonderful, as I expected.  I have OJOS NEGROS as well as TIERRA DE ANDA, and this makes a nice audio addition to my collection, in spite of the bare-bones presentation.  Silvia's voice is a beautiful instrument, and she uses it with feeling.  The musicians who accompany her are talented and sympathetic to her style - several have played with her on previous recordings.  They know her music well and provide a wonderful setting for these songs, tributes to inspirational Argentine women.I can recommend this recording very highly.  Silvia is an artist whose work I'm happy to have discovered a few years back, a great talent who deserves a wider audience.  The packages on the two releases I mentioned above are beautiful, artistic treats that are a fitting visual accompaniment to the music.  If you're interested and enjoy the samples offered on Amazon's site, I encourage you to make sure you're ordering the originals.
The last song on the album is actually incorrect from this amazon purchase but the rest of the music is good.
I'm a Pete Lockett fan to be sure, but this album is not among my favorites of his. It consists primarily of solo performances on various percussion instruments. These are obviously virtuoso performances, as you would expect from a musician of Lockett's caliber, but I found them to be somewhat heavy on technique and super-fast drumming, and light on emotional impact. That being said,maybe you WANT an album of solo drumming performances, in that case this is for you!
Song is good, but not what I remembered.  Guess after a while it will replace that memory?  We will see
If you like listening to reggae music for the sake of it just being reggae, then you would not mind adding this to your collection. The music itself is pretty good, but the vocalist can get irrating after a few songs as it seems he sings everysong in the same pattern. The gem of this album for me is their cover of Ritchie Valens "We Belong Together"
Like many Sublime fans I have been looking for some new material. Bradley was a genius and can't be replaced, but I needed some new stuff. This live CD has a great set list and for the price (MP3 price) its a pretty good deal, but something is missing. The songs follow too closely to the originals. I would have liked some variations and extensions to the songs. Many come across pretty flat, but there are some good ones and I'm happy to have it in the library. R.I.P. Bradly - you are sorely missed.
The quality of the sound is not the best, but it is OK for my listening on my mp3 player.
Brings back memories - if you listened to this when you were younger, you will love it. If you didn't, it may be a bit of a battle. Decent pop album though. Good running music.
Good production, love the rhythm but compilation is a bit too 'crowdy'. Money Song is my # 1.
it ok not great but worth having. some cuts are great to listen to often. I will keep in my music library' that's all
if you like good old oldies this would be a good choice and the movie was pretty good too, it has an old twist to the story plot.
To me the album is old school conjunto,I like Albert Zamora's more upbeat conjunto, the faster playing conjunto the prieta casada type, but im a fan and the album is alright "tal como tu eres" a spanglish song is a diffrent kind of song but i like it, and besitos de manzana is another one i like and No digas que no me importa, all in all if your a fan get the album.
This cd by luis angel silva {MELON] is a small group like the 60's with song la sitiera juancito trucupey the bolero cosas del alma,campecino the remake he did with pacheco africa and cachita.if this album at least a trumpet would sound better.
The tunes were likeable and danceable but the album was let down by mediocre production in which there was an overdependence on the use of synthesisers.
Andrew Tosh has made the latter part of his career full of tribute after tribute to his father. And while that may seem exploitative on one hand, he at least puts in enough passion to make the end result more than just flat-out exploitation. His father is worthy of the tributes, as he, along with Bunny Wailer (who makes a showing here), are severely overlooked and underrated when it comes to their contributions to the Wailers legacy. As talented as Bob Marley was, he receives far too much of the credit for the Wailers' success.But, I digress. Onto Andrew Tosh's latest tribute to his father. It's a largely acoustic affair, as the title notes, but there are at least a couple instances of some electric guitar work. Anyone used to the music of either father or son won't be alienated here.Instantly, this cover album is reminiscent the posthumous Peter Tosh release "I Am That I Am," which was full of acoustic performances Peter Tosh did for a radio broadcast.On his tribute, Andrew chooses 10 of his father's songs and sings them all in a tenor much like Peter's. They are all moving renderings, most notably his cover of "I Am That I Am," which really struck me in my core and honestly made my scalp/brain tingle.It's both heartfelt and sad listening to this, as it's hard to forget to man who wrote these songs, a man who bared his soul as he fought to represent the poor and downtrodden.While Andrew's renditions won't replace the originals by his father, they'll make you smile knowing at least one person hasn't forgotten those works.You won't get the bass, lightning and earthquake that often come with the elder Tosh's music. The acoustic setting almost seems at odds with some of the lyrical edge -- providing a gentle backdrop, giving everything a rather folksy, camp-fire feel. Purists may scoff, but this sparse backing really gives light to the emotion in Tosh's music, which sometimes got lost behind his deep, baritone voice. While the younger Tosh has a similar deep resonance to his vocals, his voice is more vulnerable, which has a more lilting tone to it, a sweetness if you will -- something few could ever say about the elder Tosh, even when he was singing ballads.In addition to singing with Bunny Wailer on one of the songs ("I Am"), Andrew Tosh also pairs up with Bob Marley's son Kymani on "Lessons in My Life," singing with such ease, it sounds like the two met casually during a recording session out by the campfire and delivered in one take.The whole album benefits from the stripped-down, casual backdrop. There has been times where Andrew Tosh's tributes did feel somewhat rushed. But here, with only an acoustic guitar providing the music, Tosh couldn't hide behind the bass lines or other sounds, and it sounds like he knew it.The only blip on this album is when other instruments are brought in besides an acoustic guitar, as on "Fools Die," which incorporates what sounds like a keyboard piano, giving the performance a somewhat maudlin, cheesy feel, almost ruining the song. It would have been better to have just gone with acoustic guitar here.But that small misstep can't take away from Tosh's most heartfelt vocals since his great album, "Make Place for the Youth."Singing passionately, yet still low-key and honestly, Andrew couldn't have delivered a better tribute to his father, who was lost at far too young an age.
I recently changed what I listen to when I'm trying to unwind and Hariprasad has certainly enhanced by understanding of this type of music.
I gave this tape to the lady who gives me a massage and she said several of her customers like it.
Only a few good songs on the album, but it was cheap and added more music to massive library. If there are only a few songs on the album you like then just pay for them individually.
I am a huge JG Y Mazz fan, but this album didn't do it for me. I has some fair songs. Unless you are a huge JG Y Mazz fan, I would refrain from this purchase.
Tessanne Chin Great Potential but their is something missing from this album the overall album is solid their are a few great songs like "Hide A Way" great authentic reggae song with an ire vibe another great song is "Who" the song is epic the delivery and message is perfect also "Taken" that shows her great natural voice and range as a musician and a few other good songs that get you to the edge of musical joy but doesn't bring you over the top they leave you feeling not quite satisfied but not disappointed either overall solid effort a good listen to, hopefully her next effort will have more of an effort to keep it more Reggae and softer their were too many attempts to go rock and that distracts the listen from her voice instead of showing it off.
This band is great seen them alot in concert just wish their CD had more tracks. Still great songs just not that many of them.
A good selection of Cajun Music, More Cajun vocals would improve the album. The family group itself is very good. I have seen a number of videos with the Savoy family.
Good.
A very good choice of songs.  The potpourry of Man of La Mancha is the best I have heard. I need several CDs but only MP3 available.
Postcards from paradise sounded cool at first. After having it a month, I almost hate to listen to it. Usually music gets better over time, but there is not one favorite song. This album is a let down coming from the Massive album. It sounds really pop like.
Wanted this music for years and was happy to see it on MP3.download.Had the original albums for years but from wear and tear they don't sound great. I guess because of the fact that this music was from the 50's the sound isn't great, but I guess when this is the only way to get this music, I really can't complain.
The sound it is not so good compare with other Tatiana CDs, my little daugther love Tatiana's songs but in this case she does not like all of them.
I have all their albums and have seen them live twice.  It's a good album, but kind of a letdown compared to their self-titled album (2006) and Reggae Hit L.A. (2007).
This collection includes styles such as progressive metal, shred metal, jazz, pop, and more lyrical pieces. Opener Li Yanliang is a serious shredder, contributing the heaviest track to the album. Wen Lin opts for minimal rhythmic background and a more melodic, lyrical approach. Chen Lei, of Tang Dynasty fame (whose solo albums can also be found on Amazon, but should not be confused with the singer Chen Lei) delivers a mixture of both styles, starting off lyrically and breaking into a more virtuosic (showy?) style and alternates back and forth. Guo Zhiyong plays in a jazzy style, with short riffs and careful use of silence as well as the most interesting rhythm section yet. The rest of the tracks vary in quality, and they unfortunately start to sound rather similar fairly quickly. Between Malmsteen-esque shredding and unremarkable lyrical pieces, little else is covered musically on the album. Also, the opening track by Li Yanliang has a few interruptions reminding the listener about guitarchina.com, and it is not only really annoying, but it ruins the song's flow. An interesting document for discovering Chinese guitarists but not a particularly impressive album.Recommended: All My Guitars Burning, One Day in My Life, The Mood of Guo2.5/5
READY 2011Director :Anees BazmeeMusic :Pritam and Devi Sri PrasadLyrics :Amitabh Bhattacharya, Neelesh Mishra, Ashish Pandit and KumaarStarring : Salman Khan, Asin, Arya Babbar, Paresh Rawal and Mahesh Manjrekar.MUSIC REVIEW :album of Ready features four original songs and four remixes :1. Character Dheela (Neeraj Sridhar) :song has potential to be played in parties and dance floors . would be fun to watch Sallu ( Salman Khan ) dance.2. Dhinka Chika (Mika)Insipired by Telgu " Ringa Ringa" . The remake of Ringa Ringa . a foot tapping desi style which will let you get up and dance desi style....3. Humko Pyar Hua (KK and Tulsi Kumar)A Romantic Number4. Meri Ada Bhi :inspired by a Punjabi hit number " peche peche aanda mere chal ...mera laung gawacha "Rest of the tracks are Remix Version.More info on the movie :1. Ready is a remake of Telugu Hit movie READY which was released in 20082. This is Salman and Asin's second film after LONDON DREAMS.3. Release date for hindi READY starring Salman is 3rd June 20114. Ajay Devgan, Sanjay Dutt, Kangana Ranaut, Zarine Khan and Arbaaz Khan will make cameo appearancesLatest Hit movie of Salman Khan : DabbangLatest Pritam music : Once upon a time in Mumbai ( 2010 ) , Dum Maro Dum ( 2011) , Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji (2011) and more ......Some of the Anees Bazmee directed movies : Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha (1998) , No Entry ( 2005) , Singh is King ( 2008) , No problems , Thank u ( 2010)
Not what I expected, it was a bit too slow on some tracks to really serve as excercise/workout music for me.
I still think Penn Masala has set a standard that this group has not been able to reach yet. Their vocals are excellent, yet the fusion part is more mediocre. To me, the music did not come across as a blend of western and eastern music.I find the music to be heavily Bollywood. Many easterners may like it but if you really like American contemporary music with Eastern blends look no further than Penn Masala. All the songs on this album are very similar making this album boring. But I gave 3 stars for the vocal quality and I like the fact that female vocalists are part of this group.
I bought this as a training aid so I could quickly learn this in preparation for my serving as a song leader during services. It is comprehensive and fairly well produced.  For my purposes, a version that better featured the vocals and streamlined the accompaniment would be better. In some places the vocals tend to be dramatic to the point of remonding me of Broadway. That may be a function of the composition as well as the performance.I would prefer to have bought this as a physical CD instead of an MP3 download, but that may be just me being behind the times. I find it easier to pass around a CD to friends, knowing I am not making illegal copies.
I enjoyed a few songs from this artist; but Not nearly as much as her previous project that I bought.
This is a great song and not even a one good remix. Wally Lopez is a Spanish dj with good remixes, but this one... no no no. Ricky Martin deserves more. Check it out Miguel Bose - Por ti (Above & Beyond remix) is cool, dance and and a big smash hit. Ricky please work with Tracy Young, Peter Rauhofer or Offer Nissim.Esta es una gran cancion pero ningun remix esta bueno. Wally Lopez es un dj espa&ntilde;ol muy bueno pero no lo demuestra en esta cancion. Ricky masrtin merce MAS. Cuando puedan escuchen el remix de Miguel Bose - Por ti (Above & Beyond remix), es genial, bailable y un exitazo como pocos. POrfavor Ricky ya es hora que trabajes con Tracy Young, Peter Rauhofer u Offer Nissim.
Great selection of esoteric Thyagaraja krithis, but the recording sounds a bit artificial. There's an echo-like effect on the voice. Doesn't seem as natural as the old AIR recordings. A real shame.
this sounds like ti was recorded off tv while watching old cartoons even prior bugs bunny. ust worth listening for posterity sake.
I thought these guys were independant. So why does this album sound like they threw it together to get out of a contract??I'm sorry but "Nooner" sounded like a band with promise, "Afternooner" sounded like a band who came into their own, "Access 10" makes it seem like "Afternooner" was a fluke. Had this album came out before "Afternooner", I'd have accepted it as a decent enough effort, but putting this out after is a big step backwards. The singing sounds sloppy, the songs sound unfinished, & the album as a whole just sounds like they wrote & recorded it in 1 sitting.It's not a horrible album, but it isn't good either. All I can say is, I'm very Disappointed.I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could, but I'm puttin a 3 on it so no-one gets turned away from what was a promising band.
I was very excited of being able of listening to these oldies again; the sound quality is excellent but it seems to me this is a remake (I don't know for sure if by the original artists). In my opinion, it doesn't sound as the ones I heard in the past and I used to have in a vinyl disk (that I lost btw). I don't know how to explain it but there is something I miss from the old versions that I didn't find with the mp3's I purchased. It is very likely I won't venture to buy the audio CD's because of the same reason.
Linda Leida was the singer of sonora Matancera in 1967 she make two album with Roberto Torres this recording was make in africa with cuban musician el carretero lo que esta de Moda she make another album with Javier vasquez  and she pass in 1988.
It's okay. It wasn't exactly what I expected. When I here top 10, I think it gonna be good, but its relagated to Tad!
I was expecting to have at least a couple of fast songs, while some of it is much like Bob Marley's slower works, it is a slow jam mp3 for sure.
Not a bad album but the title could have been better.The songs jump from one theme/pace to another quite abruptly. Nothing wrong with that, if that's your thing, but I was hoping for a certain mood and a bit of consistency with regard to it. Some really great songs on here, but some just sound like they're too commercial/mainstream to even be worth a listen.
A nice mix of variety of artists and slight change of the beat every time a different artist appeared was interesting.
Music was perfect for an island party and go use on a cruise video I made. Definitely a great purchase vdot those uses.
Listen to the samples of each of these before you buy.  If they sound awfully familiar, then give it some more thought... you probably already have them.  If they really are new to you, or they clearly sound better, then by all means buy them.As a long-time student of military history, I've had been collecting military recordings from the various countries involved in that conflict since the 1970's.  Unfortunately, this means that I have a LOT of duplication.  The number of original recordings is very limited and various individuals have created companies based on a small collection of old 78's they've got.  Three or four people might have copies of the same old record and decide to cash in on them.  One person might take various groupings of the tracks from their records and put them out in a large number of &#34;different&#34; recordings, taking 20 songs and turning them into 10 &#34;different&#34; collections.  Copyright isn't really an issue, so back in the 70's people would record them on cassettes, or even master a 33rpm record from the 78's.  Back in those days, signal processing was a lot more difficult for garage enterprises.  Modern digital techniques have brought much better sound quality within the reach of &#34;entrepreneurs&#34;, but they are still working with the same old material.This set of songs can be found on a wide variety of previous records, tapes and CD's.  Most of them date all the way back to the three volume LP &#34;War Songs of the Third Reich&#34; that was available at least as early as the mid '70's.  And it isn't just that these are the same &#34;songs&#34; they are literally taken from the same original recordings.... they are the same renditions found on numerous sets, perhaps taken from a different copy of the same '78, but still the same original recording.So, if you have collected even a small amount of German martial music from this period, you probably have some of these exact recordings.  Hence my recommendation: Listen to them first!  Do not assume that the renditions on this recording will be any different than ones you might already have.  If the titles are the same, chances are that they are taken from the same original performance.  For some songs on this set, I've never found any other version...But there is still the possibility that some of these are better recordings than on other disks.  I can say that these are certainly GOOD recordings, probably about as good as you'll get anywhere because of modern digital technology.  Back in the old days, the key difference from one company to the next was how good their original 78's were.  Today that is still an issue, but the bigger issue is whether they have digitally enhanced the recording effectively.  All the old 78's had problems, but modern digital technology can do wonders to clean them up.  Big companies with good techs can create a fine product, but even somebody in their garage with decent software can do just about as well.  Occasionally, you'll find very poorly &#34;enhanced&#34; (really degraded) versions of the old 78's done by people with lousy software, inadequate knowledge, a poor ear for music or all three.  These tend to be VERY obvious, with horrible &#34;artifacts&#34;, narrow dynamic range and so on.  The recordings offered here are just fine.  Whether these were done by a gifted amateur or a seasoned professional, to my ear they are definitely acceptable and far better than the old vinyl versions from 40 years ago.So, check before you buy to make sure these aren't the same old recordings you have a dozen times over, but if they are new to you, I  think you'll be satisfied.
The first few albums were fantastic. Submersible being one of my favorite albums of all time. Start from Scratch however does not hold up to past standards. Overall I don't have much to say aside from the good songs are shadowed by the overwhelming number of average (or bad) songs.
If you purchased this album hoping for Passafire, reggae fusion, you will be dissapointed.  It is a good album, but not reggae fusion.  They "Started from scratch" on their sound.  At first I was very dissapointed, but after another listen I turned my opinion.
The King of One String-Acoustic by Brushy One StringThere is a very nasty sound artifact towards the end of the first track, around 2:00 till the end of the song. Most of the rest are pretty good but not in the quality found on Youtube. I was disappointed in this CD. I would only give it a 2.5 out of 5. YouTube has far better sounding tracks than this disc.
This song is okay to listen to and i really like it. It's really not bad at all. so give it a three star.
I heard Matteo on NPR as a fusion group, importing Chinese instrumentation and sound into a more western folk element. This much is true and I like the sound.After repeated listening I believe the sound to be more of an instrumental gimmick than a fusion of musical cultures. And the vocals were a hindrance not an asset. The online samples aren't long enough to allow you to hear that most of the tracks are long musical intros followed by singing. I kept hoping there would be some long cosy intrumentals on the album;the songs were to me interruptive and downbeat. I'm not a fan of the singer's voice which I found bland and lacking in energy and too much the same from song to song.This is an album to listen to once, then you've got all you're gonna get.
Good sound and the arrangements are fun. Not sure I like the Drummer Boy completely. I'd recommend to friend for the cost.
Este album contiene la musica tradicional de Navidad y en el estilo de mariachi, cada vez que toco esta musica mis amigos se divierten
A fan of UKF productions - this one caught my eye, for obvious reasons. I...want...this one for no reason other than I bet the music will be awesome! With the UKF name and irresistible charm, instant buy. And after playing through the tracks, instant regret. Not my style, but also doesn't seem to have the same depth in production as other UKF compilations.
This is the least interesting of the trio. Don't get me wrong. It's still good, being as good as all other Latin Jazz collections I've heard thus far. However, Vol. 1 is markedly better, and Vol. 3 is the champ.
"With Culture Canute & The Rockstone Players' self-titled album, you get a healthy dosage of the real thing... The album they've created together is a whopping 20 tracks worth of reggae and dub. With the straight reggae songs, Canute's sweet, lover's rock voice shines, while the dub versions of these songs spotlight the trio's instrumental skills. Although Canute has a pure, Gregory Isaacs-like voice, he rarely sings about love and romance... (Ganja Herb) is sung like a love song to the drug... Yes, you can find reggae music everywhere, but if you're out for something a little more authentic, a little less overtly commercial, Culture Canute & The Rockstone Players will give you plenty of the good, real stuff.... (Dan MacIntosh has been a professional music journalist for 30 years and his work has regularly appeared in many local and national publications, including CCM, CMJ, Paste, Mean Street, and Spin.com)"
I was expecting a little more Greek influence in some of the songs.  This was one more album added to my collection of &#34;different&#34; Christmas music.
Based on listening to the samples, this album has some good mixes with some good drops, but it has nothing to do with Christmas that I can discern.
"Those were the days"?! Seriously?! What did you think when singing this?! It's like a joke compared to the original one.
I didn't rate this CD because I bought it for someone else.  I haven't gotten any complaints so all is good.
I hven't used this for sleep yet but i use at work to calm myself when i get really stressed. most of it is very soothing but some just has a sort of sound that i don't think would be very conducive to sleep
I had briefly heard of VIZA due to their collaborative efforts with SERJ TANKIAN on the song  VIKTOR.  Then I slowly began looking into their work but I hadn't heard an entire album of Viza's until they released CARNIVALIA.To even label VIZA is troublesome, but the best way I can put my finger on their sound is to claim that they're a combination of GOGOL BORDELLO and SYSTEM OF A DOWN.CARNIVALIA is definitely somewhat strange, a bit bizarre and all over the place but it is above all - an enjoyable and catchy experience.The entire album makes you feel like you're going to a musical carnival with each song creating a new act and creating a fresh show for the audience.  While that concept was captured beautifully, it's also a key problem in the album.  Often times, when you go to a carnival or festival, you're going to see some acts you don't like.It's especially noticeable in the latter half of the album, because CARNIVALIA is an album which is front loaded.  A MAGIC LADDER is my personal favorite track, it features a Middle Eastern melody that could make Jafar cry a thousand tears.  VIKTOR'S SISTER is another an up tempo blaster which features gentle arpeggios transforming into heavy and pulsing riffs.  Like the whore that Viktor's Sister probably is, this song will have you on your knees accepting the spread of its disease.  ILLUMINATION is another personal favorite, although it's an instrumental track it's very atmospheric and soothing with a slight hint of eerie-ness.  Then the album really peaks with SHALL WE REIGN DANCE? which is a a back-and-forth battle between hard rock magic and synthesizing, rhythmic ecstacy!Each song has a specific portion that is very intriguing but unforunately some of those brief moments of glory are far and few between in the latter half of the album.  For example, SPARRING has an excellent solo but the rest of the song feels entirely forced.  THINGS ARE AWKWARD is a track which I feel like could have been entirely left off, but if you enjoy snorting cocaine and riding hairy turtles it might just be up your alley.  EVERYBODY WANTS MONEY, TRICKY TRICKY and POOR PETE aren't bad tracks at all, they're just not up to the par of the first half.  Ultimately, the fast paced nature of the album comes to a very anti-climactic ending with MEET ME AT THE TROUBADOUR.Highlights-A Magic Ladder-Illumination-Shall We Reign Dance?Lowlights-Things Are Awkward-Meet Me at the TroubadourBOTTOM LINEIt's an album filled with a wide variety of sounds, but one it's a carnival craze which starts on a very high note burns out before it comes to a conclusion.  Solid effort from our boys!
I have tried to download this album about six times. The songs being played and the list on the contents pagew are not the same.  The music is great, the titles are good........Why don't they match so I can  see what song is being played. I have never seen such a mess-up
GREAT MUSIC
Only half of it is here, I had this CD years ago and wanted to have it again. very disappointing
It was so so a few hits but more misses ! Overall I would suggest sticking with the Marley's a little snark.
I write this review with the utmost respect for Ms Haas's work in Crooked Still and her other solo projects. However, I think it is good to note that &#34;CrissCross&#34; is going to be over the head of most of the audience in love with her earlier folk music projects. Here Haas pairs with Dan Trueman to create an album straddling the line between progressive folk music (think Darol Anger, Republic of Strings) and 20th century classical music. The result is beautiful, challenging, & suggestive but also incredibly abstract. This is an album one has to sit down and listen to (not background music). Good Stuff but heady and not for the casual listener. For someone looking for a more accessible point of access to this style of music, I would suggest Chris Thile and Yo-Yo Ma's &#34;Goat Rodeo Session&#34;.
There are some great thumpin' beats and good lyrics to some of the songs here but that applies  to only about half of the tunes on this album. But it was worth the purchase ($5.99) to me.
If you're looking for established Bachata artists like Romeo Santos, Prince Royce, or Hector Acosta, this album may not be for you. But if you want some good Bachata from groups that are still underground, DanDote Bachata 2013 is a decent compilation of songs.Most of the songs are enjoyable, which is a surprise because many bachata compilations of unsigned or up and coming artists aren't that good. My only real complaint is that you can only tell who the different artists and groups are if they shout their own name out, otherwise the MP3s don't mention the specific singers.  Even though the album isn't Aventura-quality, I can listen to a playlist of all the songs on repeat, except for the title track "Dandote" (terrible off-key singing).Aside from the poor title track, and the record label misspelling the album name on the cover, I thought this was a decent collection of Bachata songs. Overall it's a good album considering the artists are mostly unknown.
Just got this for a party.  Really haven't listened to it very much since.  It was great back round for the party
I have enjoyed some of their other songs more.  they don't always choose the most melodious songs.for such a lovely voice Esther could sing prettier songs.
this compilation put too many songs that sound alike back to back. the endings sound like the begings of too many songs so it sounds like one long song.
All in all the album is good but not great like his previous albums. With that being said, it is still a very good album and would recommend it to Fidel Rueda Fans
This album is a fun enough listen, but nothing special. I consider myself a bit of a junkie when it comes to pretty much anything, surf rock, roots reggae, & island style music in general. And this year is looking to be a pretty stacked year for this kind of music.  With that said, I've already purchased quite a few CD's by other similiar bands this year already(I don't want to pull fans away from anyone so I won't mention names here) & this one is just so so.  It's has a couple great songs, a couple bad, & mostly average ones.The Movement in an attempt to branch out or "mature" there sound a bit have created a very atmopheric album.  They've incorporated there keyboard in a way which reminded me alot of The Doors.  I know that sounds weird, but now that I've put it out there I think you'll hear it too.  As result most of the album sounds to self indulgent, they just sound drawn out.  The songs just blend into eachother with very little tempo change. They do try to break that sense up a bit but with the exception of the opening track "When The Feeling Goes Away" & "Something To Say" the other ones just didn't sound right in this album. They were more suited to there earlier work.In closing as I said this is a pretty average album.  For big fans of this band I'm sure it'll get alittle backlash, but will be received well enough, but in comparison to other albums I've heard, it just doesn't stack up.
Bola is a northern Ghanian who plays the kologo, a two-string lute traditionally played by hunters of that region.  All the songs here are pretty much the same rhythmically and, except for one song, are all in the same key; Bola's vocal style is declamatory and rough-edged--it's reminiscent of the delta blues "shouters" of '30s and '40s American blues.  This isn't "pretty" music: there's the kologo (which, because it's plucked like Issa Bagayogo's 4-string n'goni, also adds a percussive quality to the songs), traditional percussion, Bolo's voice, and that's about it; there's little if any production sweetening, either.  I imagine that most Westerners, even those who like traditional music from West Africa, would find it difficult to listen to this all the way through due to its tracks' sameness.  Its sonic spareness is most comparable to Ali Farka Toure's early albumRed & Green; even the relatively stripped-down Tinariwen sounds positively lush compared to this.This music is something of an acquired taste, then.  But this is by no means a bad record.  Indeed, one can make the case, as I will here, that this is music worth hearing because it's made for a community by one of its own; if Bola happens to make a little money in the bargain, that's okay.  This is about as close to genuine folk music as one is likely to find these days, the sort of music rarely heard beyond the community whose members make it.  Thanks to the efforts of Awesome Tapes from Africa and the wonders of the Interwebs, the rest of us are privileged to listen in, too.  Who knows but that it might speak to some of you, too?
Why would I pay $5 for the entire album when right now (Aug.1, 2012) each individual track is listed as being free?  WTF?
I was disappointed in the recording quality of this particular MP3. I have the original album, which btw was my mother's, and the difference between the album and this mp3 recording is significant. The original album recording sounds great, except for the pops and cracks but in this mp3 version I don't hear the percussion side, it sounds as if only one channel got recorded as compared to album version. Something went wrong with this recording because when I transferred the music from my cd, which I recorded from the album, to my laptop (in mp3 format) both channels and therefore all of the music can be heard clear as day (with pops & clicks of course). So in summary, I believe this recording has a defect, and its obvious in each and every song. Can they make a better one, of both channels this time?Cesar Millercmill2849@earthlink.net
Disapointed that the music was not as good as I expected from their combination but still recomedned if you collect salsa music
I love mariachi music and these songs are OK for such a low price.  The quality of the sound is not too clear and smooth, but it's OK for me.
Uma has sung better songs that could have been added to the collection.I believe the album was meant to address a few themes - which it does.However, this collection is not Uma's best.Much that I like Uma's variations in combining tradition with modern, this was a little disappointing.
good song, would recommend to people fast download and i will continue to download from here in the future good
The only reason I didn't give a better review is because the disc won't read in my car's cd player....sigh.  The album itself is great! :)
Thought there would be vocals in it but turns out to be instrumental version...funicali funicular is ok ...the selection is great though.
Apparently this recording was done in three days with a band that had never played together before. With this in mind, it is quite amazing that hey manage to make such a great sound together. It's a testament to the abilities of Earnest Ranglin as a musician to inspire. The vibe on these jams is great. Some songs are tighter than others. Unfortunately, the producion leaves something to be desired; some songs end abruptly and you can tell that the recording was done in a hurry. I just wish that the producer had spent a bit more time finishing the songs.
I didn't find as much to enjoy with this album as I have with previous ones.  Out of all the songs, I liked &#34;Kiokusoushitsu no Asa&#34; the most and it is a re-cut of an older song.  If you like Floppy, this is certainly their traditional sound, but for me the tracks just didn't resonate.
A little disappointed.  I prefer the original soundtrack from back when.  Still, it's better than not having it.  Would love to get the original.
This is a fun album, though it hasn't "thrilled" me like their Radiodread album. I need to type more words to hit twenty.
I'm a huge fan of Easy Star All Stars, but this is not their best work. The first track sounds like a bad wedding band cover, and the rest aren't much better. Usually, I like pretty much every track on their albums, but not this album. The only decent tracks, in my opinion, are Billie Jean, The Girl is Mine and Dub it. :(
Look, I love these guys, but their covers, as interesting a choice as they are, seem to get progressively more diluted, moving away from the industrial strength dub reggae that attracted my attention in the first place. Dub Side Of The Moon was magnificent in conception and execution, and Sergeant Pepper's was a genuine tribute with more attention to the original layout and timing of the songs. (I haven't heard the Radiohead cover). Thrillah moves towards R&B (not surprisingly!) and a Steely Dan-esque jazz/rock sensibility, but it seems to lack an 'edge', the jagged, rhythmic pulse so characteristic of reggae. Don't get me wrong, it's listenable, and will get a fair hearing at my place. The musicianship is terrific, and I admire the Stars' ability to take disparate material and transform it- some of the stuff they have taken on, if attempted by lesser hands, could have been terrible. However... it just lacks the raw, thumping anarchy of Lee 'Scratch' Perry or Prince Far-I. All in all, though, it's a good listen and you won't be too disappointed if your expectations are flexible. I'll be curious as to their next album-related project. My suggestion would be to cover (insert suggested album here). For what it's worth, I reckon 'Station To Station' (David Bowie) would make an interesting starting point.
I had high hopes for this, but unfortunately, I think Easy Star has been slipping down the path of getting more and more mainstream and less and less interesting.Dub Side of the Moon:Superb reggae interpretation.  Very fresh, original way to infuse reggae beats into Pink Floyd.  Top notch seamless arrangement, in part from the original PF work, in part to ES's work.  Before this album, Pink Floyd was just "fine", but this album made me appreciate Easy Star AND Pink Floyd.  The subsequent Dubber Side of the Moon is not quite as good, but still has some interesting stuff. "EXCELLENT!"Sgt Peppers' Lonely Hearts Dub Band:Very good, very reggae, but a bit truer to the original Beatles material, beat, tempo, etc.  This album is a good time.  Slipping a bit down to "GREAT COVER ALBUM"Thrillah:Very pop, sounds like they've lost their own voice.  Some tracks are fun, but the previous Dub Side genius isn't apparent here.  Seems like they stayed truer to the original material, and took a less experimental route.  This might have special appeal to you if you're a big MJ fan.  Slipped further to "JUST SOME REGGAE GUYS SINGING".I still love ES, but this album will likely go onto the storage shelf . . .
I bought this cd looking for some good drum solos to choreograph performance pieces to. I was disappointed in the quality of the pieces on this cd. Each solo is very repetitive & not very exciting as a performance number. However, due to the repetitive nature of each drum solo, it does make a good classroom tool for teaching knowledge of each rhythm.
This is a band I saw perform live at Utopiafest in Texas 2012.  They were fantastic to see live, but their albums leave a bit to be desired.  I'd go see them again, but I probably won't buy any more of their albums.
It is roots reggae and well done. Nothing special in the vocals considering there are so many excellent singers throughout Reggae. Still a good and righteous recording overall.
It had all the correct songs on it, however I downloaded the album to my computer and everything came up as &#34;unkown&#34;; including the album name, artist, and all of the songs.
I guess I expected that the songs would have more of a Latin flavor, but they are indeed performed very similarly to the American versions.... That's not bad, just not what I imagined I was getting.
I don't like this one as much as other Tango CD's I have. It is a little too traditional for me. But it's a nice addition to my collection of Tango music, and I don't regret buying it.
"WADE" is actually WAVE a Bossa Nova classic.  Make the correction.  Some of these off-beat covers are fair and many are not so hot.  Not recommend by me.And I just noticed that the last song Canta de Ossana is VERY distorted.  Hope if someone buys that it won't sound that way.
good music, makes you feel like your at a Festa. Classic sounding Jorge Ferreira. He doesnt change much, but thats a good thing for tradition.
This is good MP3 album, it is worth the listening time. But, it has a lot more vocal tracks than expected.
I'm sorry the real Mazz is Joe Lopez and not Jimmy G as he is known  now days in the tejano world. Jimmy should stop trying to sing the songs that Joe wrote and sang with mazz.  Its not the same without Joe singing them Jimmy, stick to your music that you write and you sing in  your band.  The real Mazz will always be Joe Lopez & Jimmy Gonzalez y groupo Mazz those were the days !!!
I just discovered Abney Park a few weeks ago and absolutely LOVE Aether Shanties and End of Days. Ancient World, on the other hand, is - well, totally disjointed. I suppose if the theme is to cram as many music styles onto one CD, then it may meet its goal. It goes from Steampunk, to Rock (aka "Smoke on the Water"), to silly, to Eastern, to Ballad, to Ragtime, to Flapper, to silly and back to Steampunk. What "Ancient World" does is highlight Captain Robert's great voice and his range as a singer. In fact, his voice is the reason to listen to it. Unfortunately, it isn't a CD that will be listened to over and over in its entirety like the other two I bought. But I'm a newbie to Abney Park and Steampunk, so you can take that into consideration.
This cd is so hard to understand one moment its steampunk one moment polka, one moment gypsy, one moment industrial. I dont know if some of the songs are meant to be comedy but they sure sound funny and then the next song will jump to being emotional then funny again and then something else. Its one of the most random bazaar cds i have ever listened to.
Ralphy santi a good bongosero and bandleader this two trumpet band with very good arreglos and number porque tiene a su mama and the merengue dolorita son caliente with bongo solo of ralphy santi.
Heard one song on the album.  Loved so I bought it.  All the rest have a different feel the that.  Wasn't what I expected.
I enjoyed it somewhat, since I used to listen to this group back in the 70s.  The sound is OK, but it is not the best effort from this group.  The extensive use of the flute, makes it sound more like south american music that puertorrican folklore.
Yolandita debe reinventarse YA. Esta cancion parece que fue una de las que sobr&oacute; del disco "Mala"... Creo que ya se qued&oacute; en el mismo sonsonete al igual que Ednita. Ademas, la caratula del single se ve bien "low budget" y ni hablar del video promocional que pautaron en TV. FATAL! Sonia Valentin se colg&oacute;.Sorry Yola te amo pero si no me gusta lo que haces lo digo. Y si me gusta, tambien lo digo. Esta vez no me gust&oacute;. Esperaba algo mejor.
The singer is a little too, too sweet.This is not a favorite CD of mine. Wouldn't recommend it to others.
The General's Ambush is the gem here, among a set of stuff that veers away from foot tapping pulsating, engaging reggae. Futuristic sounds are great, but I like a somewhat consistent drum and bass groove to be dominant, with everyone else filling in with improvisation. Liked the tune Fence Jumper on youtube for instance.
Good Time pass mvie ..saw it in nearest hollywood theatre in dallas in 3d ..pleasantly surprised ! 1st time dint read any review b4 watchng this mvie .. Descent special effects & occsssnal loud noise did scare .. Thats abt it tho! Good acting & exceptionl perf by Bipasha ! Emraan & new actress lend good support ! Good mvie for home viewing !sudeeep30@gmail.com
Music: Gaurav Dagaonkar1. Bas Tu Hi ------------------------------ 8/10Javed Ali fans have yet another slow paced melodic song to listen. Very easy going song that can be enjoyed in the company of that someone special, or may be alone. Shreya Ghoshal is her super sweet self. Very much like Saude Baji from Aakrosh.2. Main Gaa Loon Zara -------------- 8/10A lovely song of enthusiasm and optimism. A free spirit singing his/her heart out. The tempo is good and the song is entertaining. Nothing more is required out of it anyways. Good job Gaurav Dagaonkar.3. Baanwra Mann ----------------------- 7/10A very upbeat song and yet another track this week that uses light guitar strumming. Shaan shines after a while, and Sunidhi Chauhan continues to sparkle with melodies. The tune is fairly standard, but the innocence portrayed is a bit contagious, minus the slight repetitiveness of the tune. Short and sweet.Final verdict: Overall, gets a 7/10. The album is positive and entertaining. It makes for a soothing listening.
You really can't go wrong picking up this selection for free. It is a nice compilation of various styles of Latin Music. If you have none, nice starting point.
a great variety of sound from Nacional Records. It gives a good taste of there different artist in the label.
Upbeat, eclectic, and great for a themed BBQ. If you are getting into Spanish music, get this while it's still free.
Given the reviews, I was expecting a little more originality in the music. It seemed that some of the melodies were just the repeat of older tunes with a new twist.
I heard Leticia Rodrigues interviewed on NPR as she was promoting her new album.  The clips they played didn't reflect the entire CD.  It will be one I will inter disperse in a &#34;shuffle&#34; group for brunch music.
This 2012 debut by Austin Latina vocalist Leticia Rodriguez is a fine collection of different styles of Latin American music, from cha cha on "Un Rato Nomas" (#4) to salsa on "Tenias Que Ser Tu" (#1) to romantic ballad on "Incertitumbre" (#3) to Tejano waltz on "Celosa" (#7). Unfortunately, neither the liner notes nor Rodriguez's web site provides any information about these songs, their history and traditions, or why she chose them. As a vocalist, Rodriguez is merely competent, at times seeming to push a little too hard for added emotional effect, but she obviously is gifted in picking material, fellow musicians, and arrangements, as this entire disc is a pleasure from start to finish, full of variety and spirit while serving as a kind of survey of the diversity of Latin music in the western hemisphere. Personally I prefer the more up-tempo numbers, such as the aforementioned tracks 1 & 4, as well as the accordion-driven "Milonga Sentimental" (#2), the salsified "La Cumbancha" (#6), and the Afro-Cuban big band number "Estoy Como Nunca" (#9). This is dancing music with an infectious rhythm, and Rodriguez and company deliver the goods every time. I only wish I knew more about the material. In the meantime, we can simply enjoy the music.
"Dus Bahaane" is the quintessential vigorous dance track with all the required zest and pep in the right places. The album only gets better with the next track "Deedar De" where Sunidhi Chauhan adeptly ensures her eon for this year too. The fleeting velocity of the album comes to a screeching halt with "Unse Poonche" where Udit Narayan and Alka Yagnik get as romantic as they can.Overall,  Vishal-Shekhar and  Panchhi Jalonvi  have created a great album that will have you listening to most of tracks again and again. A definite must for all music lovers and one of the best movie soundtracks of 2005.
i would only recommend it to anybody,who is a hardcore fan of E family,there are some wow & flutter during performances,especially on the opening track some dramatic tempo change.horn section is incredible,but Dave Koz is not in to the latin element.fly me to the moon is probably the most beautiful track on the CD,the production length is too short for a live recording.the sound quality is also not like previous live recordings and the mid frequencies are shaded for most of the tracks.Escovedos are playing  firey as always,enjoy it!
I like the CD, But. It did not grab my spirits. I have to listen to it and let it grow on me.
Music: Sajid-Wajid1. Jaane Bhi De (Duet) -------------------- 7/102. Jaane Bhi De ------------------------------ 7/10Sonu Nigam and romantic song lovers should like this one. A plain vanilla soft romantic track. Don't expect too much and it might actually win your heart. Probably Wajid loved this song so much, that he decided to record the same song solo too.3. Saiyaan -------------------------------------- 7/10An intense song of a broken heart brought to you back Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. His fans will love it. It is a tad sad though, so be warned. Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is commanding in this genre.The slow start to the song culminates into a qawwali vigor towards the end. One of the best sad songs off late.4. It's All About Tonight ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 6/10The track is hip and happening, however, it has a certain sense of staleness to it. Feels like it belongs from about 8-10 years ago. Fun and entertaining, but not enough.Final verdict: Sajid-Wajid yet again have not indulged in goofdom with this album. Overall, the album isn't too impressive as Sajid-Wajid play too safe, and some songs sound too old for 2012.
Music: Sajid-Wajid1. Sun Soniye ------------------------------------- 9/102. Sun Soniye (Remix) ------------------------ 9/10One of the most melodic romantic song to come from Sajid-Wajid who always seem to be too distracted for this genre. The song has a certain intensity in terms of emotions. The good part of the song is it wastes no time capturing it's audience. The female lead voice falls a little short in comparison with the male lead's command. The Remix is faster version, as one would expect, but the charm of the song stays intact.3. Boom Boom (Lip Lock) -------------------- 6/104. Boom Boom (Remix) ------------------------ 6/10This is almost a replica of Soni De Nakhre from Partner. If you loved that one, there is no reason to not like this one. Adequately fun song.5. Nachde Punjabi ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 6/10A hardcore Punjabi hip hop track. If you are a fan of this genre, it could be the song for you. Otherwise, if the neutral audience can stand the Punjabi folk instrument Algoza (the one that makes that annoyish continuous flute sound), it is a decent song.6. Tu -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6/10This is a very strange song to come from Sajid-Wajid. It almost feels like a Himesh Reshammiya. However, if you are fan of HR as well as Mohit Chauhan, this slow romantic song with it's folkish appeal will impress you. Otherwise, a passable track.Final verdict: Overall, gets a 7/10. A decently entertaining album. Sajid-Wajid have kept their goofiness at bay and have done a decent job out of this one.
I expected much better from dumbfoundead. This album is far too much of a poppy ego stroke to the man for me to like it.
Music: Chirantan Bhatt1. Jaavedaan Hai ------------------------- 9/10This track feels straight out of a Pritam album; specifically Jannat 2. Chirantan Bhatt uses KK's ability the best possible way, which is another factor why this song has a semblance to prior Emraan Hashmi movie songs. KK's style of starting out the song slow building up to a climactic finish is well composed. Great track, a tad too long.2. Uska Hi Banana ------------------------ 9/10Trademark Chirantan Bhatt melancholic song, beseeching the almighty for help. If you are a fan of sad romantic songs, then you will absolutely love this song. Rising playback singer Arijit Singh sings his heart out in the song.3. Apnaa Mujhe Tu Lagaa ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6/10Another typical Chirantan Bhatt track: romantic, with a dash of sadness. Sonu Nigam does justice to this melody with his masterful voice without going loud or soft. The track has a nice flow to it, with a soft rock-like guitar and drums instrumentals. The theme tune of the song is catchy. Overall, the song is adequate, but not bad. For Sonu Nigam fans.Final verdict: Overall, gets a 6/10. Chirantan Bhatt has either worked in a niche or has found one. Yet another album composed for a horror/thriller Bollywood movie, with the theme of the songs tending towards melancholic love. Couple of decent songs in the album.
Not what I was expecting from the Badpiper, though it seems more traditional, they are melodies I am not too familiar with and might not have paid 8.99 for
First off I am a fan of Noelle Scaggs.  I've seen her perform with Fitz and the Tantrums live and she is dynamic and has an outstanding voice.  I had never heard of The Decorders.This verison of Walk On By is eh.I give The Decoders credit for their arrangement but one play is all it got, and now its skipped when it comes up on random.
only three songs is not a sampler to try it out.  I will say that the Green Hill Christmas Sampler is REALLY GREAT.  Nice variety, and gave me a feel for several artists and have picked up some of t here albums since listening to it.  This one was a disappointment and I deleted it from my library.
Good music for relaxing. I wanted  something  with words but this very nice for  Music alone. Great to go to sleep by.
The selections are enjoyable but they do not stand out among the many versions I have heard of these songs.
A nice selection of Christmas music very nicely arranged and performed, but I failed to detect anything particularly celtic about it.
Music: Sajid-Wajid1. Dagabaaz Re ---------------------------- 8/10Rahat Fateh Ali Khan comes back with a gem. It might sound like a typical track of his at first. Give it a few repeat plays and this track transforms into a lovely qawwali track. Tere Mast Mast Do Nain from Dabangg's magic has been successfully recreated here.2. Fevicol Se --------------------------------- 7/103. Fevicol Se (Remix) -------------------- 7/10A typical Mamta Sharma item number, with predictable beats, tune and instrumentals. The mediocrity of the song ends here and if you can ignore that, this is one goofy track for some rowdy fun. Enjoyable. Trademark Sajid-Wajid.The Remix has been done well, and sounds like a great song for DJs at discotheques. Not over the top.Final verdict: Overall, gets a 6/10. Such a typical Sajid-Wajid album, replete with goofy songs that are more rowdy than genuinely interesting. It seems at times that Salman Khan is keeping Sajid-Wajid in business. A few interesting tracks, but overall average.
Coming out of South FLA, I am a musician, big critic, and fan of music from the scene of the reggae/rock community. Better known as Dub Diezel ;). Just bought the EP here on Amazon not wanting to wait to get my hands on a physical copy. Some will not know but 3 of the songs were re-worked for this EP and I think the fella's and J-Wiz did great. Zech's sister, I believe its Zech Sister originally opened the song "Just Another Gangster" though I believe she is the one who is still featured in this new version. I think "2000 miles" has been re-worked quite a few times actually. I have an old raw version of it and then the version the guys gave ThePier.Org awhile back. Most definitely think this one is the best of them all vocally and what better than to give props to the king of reggae/rock Bradley Nowell (Sublime). "Pants Hanglow" along with "Just Another Gangster" were given to the fans by the group off their website awhile back, and "Pants Hanglow" they've slowed it down just a bit, and I like the added elements with more infused Hip-Hop.Our boys in Hor!zen definitely take pride and give props to our beloved state of Florida. That's one thing I've always been proud about with these dude's. Especially considering our neighboring country of Jamaica brings in so much talent to our state and musical influence, which the F.L.A. doesn't seem at times to get enough credit for producing great bands in the scene like our friends in California.Through different line-up changes, they have added a horn player. The Sax defiantly gives that soothing, sexy, but still tight tough edge added with the dubby delays and reverbs of the guitar with bass and drums. I think our FLA brother's have a good team backing them up and are heading in good directions for getting their music out to a wider audience. If you don't already have their previous EP "Bottom Out" grab it as well, trust me you will not be disappointed. These new tracks obviously haven't had enough time to grow on me yet, but hands down Bottom Out some of their best work to date, with tracks like "Killa" "Licka Shot" and "Youths Dem Ball" my favorite 3 of the 6, though the other 3 are good songs too! If you go to ThePier.Org you can download a free unplugged EP titled "West End Live". Here's the link  [...]Anyways, this is worth the $4.95, It's not expensive and you are receiving 5 sic new tracks from a talented group of musicians. Kudos Hor!zen, digging the new tracks, and will be at the next show I have an opportunity to attend.
These songs are all from the classic Indian Ocean album Kandisa (which I highly recommend). Judging from the samples, the versions appear to be the same, or at least very similar. I am not sure what the point of this release is, except as a cheaper introduction to a great band. Hence the three stars.
I loved the 1st Cali album, &#34;L'amour parfait&#34;, and bought all the following albums hoping to find the same magic. Didn't happen. Now on this album &#34;Vernet les bains&#34;, Cali tries to go back to his debut style after having gone too far to my taste towards rock music. The effort is nice, but nothing yet beats the magic of the 1st album with its powerful lyrics and great use of piano, violins and cello at the service of modern &#34;chanson franaise&#34;.
It's a cool song to have in the rotation of my mixed music.  I would, probably, have liked it more if I understood the language, but music is universal and it sound of this song.  I'm a big fan of Sensato, because of his energy.
The album has some good numbers, and a couple of average ones. A few songs are worth buying separately. The problem with the album on Amazon is that it is missing two songs. The complete album is supposed to have 7 songs, while Amazon is selling only 5.The two songs missing here are 'Inkaar (English version)' and 'Inkaar (Hindi version)'. The latter is the best song in the album and is inexplicably missing here. Don't know why Amazon would sell only part of the album. iTunes has the full album. I bought the songs from there.
Music: Hitesh Sonik1. Pad Gaye Ji ------------------------------ 7/10This is what we are talking about KK. This is your strength and we are glad you give us one more track at what you are good at. The song may be a tad too long at almost 7 minutes, but it is super melodic without being extremely mushy. In fact this track has euphoric moments sprinkled in it's length to keep it interesting.2. Bas Main Aur Tu (Reprise) ------- 7/103. Bas Main Aur Tu ---------------------- 6/10A very, very, very soft track by Nikhil D'Souza. It may seem a bit too mild and one-dimensional by midway, but by the end, it would have created enough of magic web perfect for a Valentine's Day star gazing mood. But, this song is just enough good for that.The Reprise is nearly identical; may be just a beat quicker and more beats. In that respect, the Reprise version is better than the original.4. Tera Mera Naam --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 7/10A simple guitar strumming track for a lonely but reminiscent mood. Shafqat Amanat Ali has slowly turned into a go-to singer for melodies overtime. Good performance on his part. Just a pleasant track.5. Rumani --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6/10It's hard to pinpoint the genre of the track, but if anything, it could retro jazz. It is innovative, experimental and fairly riveting. It is completely fresh in it's approach to a peppy romantic track. Doesn't hold up it's grip all the way, but props to Hitesh Sonik for this track.Final verdict: Overall, gets an 7/10 as an album. It seems like Hitesh Sonik has put in a great deal of effort to make this a lovable romantic album. Most songs fall short to stand up on their own, but could go a long way if they are used right in the plot of the movie. Decent and respectable album.
Ziggy Marley delivers a respectable live show including some hits of his late, great father.There is have no complaints.  It's a solid show.However, this does not deliver what it says it will.  The first track is listed as "Make Some Music", but it's not.  It's a 41 second intro of Ziggy speaking.  The second track is actually "Make some Music", but that is listed as "Justice".This continues for the entire album until you reach the end, where I discovered that this does not include the title song, "Love is my Religion".Yup!  Love is my Religion is not included on the album named Love is my Religion.  Not cool.
Its the same beat, but with the differentn artists keeps me entertained. I love B. Hammond, and Capelton, and Many of the artists on there.
This is mostly Pedrito on bongos with occasionally some other percussion. He sings and sometimes others join him. Sort of like the equivalent of a garage or basement session, a special taste.
They sound good together except for the sax player. He copies the Stan Getz sound much but when it come toImprovising a solo there is nothing there with lots of mistakes
I teach yoga and the music was great but there was no transition from one song to the other. Otherwise awesome, class loved it.
I enjoyed a few songs here and there, but they were already released before.  I could play through the first album on repeat and skip a few songs.  This one just seems like you're listening to the same song for most of them.  Hopefully he has more variety in his songs on the next album.
Good stuff. . . Kinda wish they would stick more to just corrido and ranchera style which is what has made them huge.
I think this is a kids song to learn something. As it is in german, I actually have no idea of what they are singing. It's not a bad chill techno pop song.
have your friends over for a St. pat's Day party and put this one on in the background and it will set the &#34;Pub mood&#34;to go with the Guinness or Harp. It contains several Irish standards and many with familiar sounds, all at a bargain price.If you love Irish music, this can fill out our collection
Listening to the whole recording can .become boring,  but inte.rspersed with other music,  a good example of Irish traditional songs
Fiesta Latina is a decent compilation when the price is less than $4.00 for an MP3 album download, just don't expect more than a couple of big name artists.  Out of 21 tracks, about half are from late 2012 and 2011, so it's not exactly all 2013 songs.If you favor Dominican music, there are five Merengue tracks and four Bachata songs. The rest of the album is mostly Latin Pop, and a little bit of Spanish Reggae and Romantikeo. The best song on the compilation is easily "Echale Salsa" by Ciclon Cubano, but it's also from 2011, so it's not especially new. The one track that should have probably been left off of the album is the "Gangnam Style" track by Miss Evelyn, it's just outdated now. Most of the artists on this compilation are from the same record label, so you're not really going to get any recognized artists. At only 20 cents a song, it's worth getting as a playlist.  It was about what I expected for an affordable tropical music compilation.
Its ok no big hype to the cd. I purchased it because there was about 3 songs I wanted from this cd. So when I purchased the song that I originally wanted wasnt there at all
Got this because I wanted something different to listen to at the gym during my cardio workouts. This is fun, has lots of variety, and you get 38 songs for a pretty low price. Most of the songs have a beat will get you moving, there are however handful of slow songs. If you're shopping for a good album to have as background music to an outdoor party this is not what you want, get Buena Vista Social Club instead.
AGAIN I LIKE THE UPBEATS ON THIS ALBUM NEW MUSIC FOR THIS SUMMER GREAT FOR PARTIES AND CLUB NIGHTS. THANKS
I didn't know the band had more than three songs until I listened to this one. They sound like a lot of other swamp-pop bands on the slow tunes, but on the up-tempo ones something joyous happens and they really pop. Kinda funny, actually.
Music: KrsnaThis is one album which is fairly interesting for the most part, but suffers from the situational nature of the songs.Brownie points:L Lag Gaye, Law Lag Gaye - Bappi Lahiri is experiencing a comeback of sorts. His nutty style of music is hitting the right chord once again, and here we have this hilarious track. The song purely relies on the funny anecdotes presented in the song, and if you find the 'L' Lag Gaye pun funny, both songs will be an addition to the funny songs playlist.Ajnabi - This is one fun romantic song, which is almost prose put to poetry, however, it's naive lyrics is what wins us over. Mohit Chauhan fans will love it.Hans Ki Chaal - Oddly enough, Kailash Kher and his folk style has never sounded  so good before. This social commentary qawwali is brilliantly bourgeois.Final verdict: The album is pretty funny and good to listen to. But it does not leave any impression and could just be a passing fancy.
This is a collection of some cuts from each of Eddie Palmieri's great early '70s albums, including SUN OF LATIN MUSIC, SENTIDO, and UNFINISHED MASTERPIECE. The version of "Adoracion" is edited, not the full album version.There is also some other material, including several edited versions from the classic LIVE AT THE UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO album. These are shorter than the album versions, with solos missing. You really lose the essence of this album when you can't hear the musicians stretch out.It's hard to condemn or recommend this album; it's a good deal on a lot of fine cutting-edge salsa of that era, but you might be better off spending a little more to get the Amazon mp3 albums of SUN OF LATIN MUSIC and SENTIDO, and the UNFINISHED MASTERPIECE material (mostly on the Eddie Palmieri/Lalo Rodriguez album COBARDE; the missing track, "Puesto Vacante," is for sale as a separate mp3).  Some of these albums are bargain-priced at the moment. Doing it this way, you lose a few miscellaneous cuts from the album being reviewed, but get all of SUN, SENTIDO, and MASTERPIECE.Hopefully LIVE AT THE UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO will be released as an mp3 album in its uncut form. There is a Japanese (?) CD on the Bomba label that is complete and sounds good, if you can find it.However you do it, definitely check this material out if you love '70s New York salsa at its best.
Being an old school guy these are not particularly original musically.  To me willie colon did it better.  But they are fun, saying something along with tight arrangements and good singing.  A pleasureable listen to dance to.
If your looking for a change this should do the trick.  I don't think I'll buy more of this group but I'm glad for the experience of listening to the Taksim Trio.
sound quality is good but i think i just liked couple of songs not. it was easy purchase that's what i can say
Good to hear to finally hear something new from the Ohrbooten. It's been a while. This Berlin cult band has a new keyboarder, but they still sound pretty much like they used to. The songs on this album sound extremely good (well recorded with the same gyp hop sound that they pioneered earlier), but compositions are not as catchy as their old hits. And the lyrics on this album are almost only about partying. I bet they are still a terrific live band, but it's time they develop a little further in whatever direction they like.
With the highly publicized death of the legendary Sara Montiel, a myriad of bootleg products with her name on them are spawning all over. Be careful! This compilation of Montiel's greatest hits is nothing but another lousy-sounding bootleg presented in an attractive cover and the further allure of cheap pricing.  Remember...you get what you pay for. All of the songs are in dull monophonic sound and the volume varies from track to track resulting in a most annoying listening experience. Don't let them take your money!Con la publicidad generada por el fallecimiento de la legendaria Sarita Montiel, el mercado ha sido invadido por productos pirateados de p&eacute;sima calidad.  Ese es el caso de esta compilaci&oacute;n de grandes &eacute;xitos de la artista espa&ntilde;ola, mercadeado con una portada atractiva y el incentivo de un precio m&oacute;dico. Simplemente esta pirater&iacute;a no vale la pena.  El sonido monof&oacute;nico es atroz y el volumen var&iacute;a de canci&oacute;n en canci&oacute;n lo cual es bastante molesto. No permita que le roben su dinero.
Download seems a tad scratchy which is not unlike another free album I've downloaded from this site.  Musically, this is a great album.
I like this kind of music. Is very quite and nice. Also I like the variety of the latin music that bring this CD.
I don't know if its because I purchased a digital copy of this cd, but the songs are not in the order that they are listed. For example, when I click to play a song, it does not play the song that I clicked. It plays a completely different song. And one of the songs I purchased this cd for is not even on it (Chuva Chuvinha). This CD is okay but not my favorite. I much prefer her album &#34;Eu Amo Portugal&#34; because it has her best songs on it (&#34;La Em Cima Esta o Tiro Liro Li&#34;, &#34;Malhao&#34; and &#34;Chuva Chuvinha&#34;)
Tres belle musique, apparition de la guitare slide, orgue, la batterie est plus soutenue... Mais les paroles manquent cruellement d'inspiration
I bought the Chennai Express soundtrack at the same time, and there's no comparison.  Sad to say, but C.E. is so much better that I rarely listen to the Raanjhanaa soundtrack.
This album is a mix of folk and pop songs from the 1940s by then-famous artists.  Song and recording quality varies, but it's all very tuneful and enjoyable, giving a sense of the time.  I like it!
It's a smooth jam to have in the rotation of my mixed music, would probably have liked it more if I understood the language, but music is universal and it sounds nice...I'm a big fan of his &#34;El Fenomeno&#34; album and this song sounds like a track that matches....
let me start out by saying I LOVE Latin Jazz.  Latin R&B is somethin of the other else!  Every song starts with a weak rythmn guitar rift on the top.  Sometimes it goes into a good groove and most of the times, in this case, it didn't.  Not terrible by any means but not  great either.
It's a smooth jam to have in the rotation of my mixed music.  I would, probably, have liked it more if I understood the language, but music is universal and it sounds nice...
LIKE THE ALBUM ITS GOOD FOR PARTIES AND CLUB NEEDS BETTER ARTIST THOUGH. BUT GOOD UPBEAT MUSIC. THANK YOU !
Patrice is a remarkable artist and musician who for some reason in recent years has been in lull musically. Both this album and the previous &#34;One&#34; are kinda monotonous and not nearly as dynamic as &#34;Free Patriation,&#34; or any of the early stuff.
Problem with Amazon's samples. Clicking on one of the songs doesn't get you the correct preview. I can't submit this without giving a star rating and I must write more than 20 words...
Other artists are better. Try Celina y Reutilio for a more authentic and richer sound. They are more like what I grew up with.
I thought this was a rather embark able album.  The sound is uniquely eastern to the western ear, but somehow familiar.  I will continue listening and enjoying the whole album.
Well, here we have a variety of very gifted, enthusiastic musicians who &#34;shuffle&#34; through a variety of genres in their debut CD. The execution of the jazz-inspired works is excellent, but the classical genre suffers with those selections as the performances do not present anything unique as interpretation is concerned. The random compilation of music certainly represents the beginning of Shuffle Concerts when - according to their website - a member listened to an iPod and was thrown off the exercise machine by a classical music piece.As it is easy enough nowadays to compile your own playlist, is there a point for this CD beyond introducing these musicians to the public?
Nice music,but it will be better if they was the original artists on it
Purchased as a birthday gift.Music wanders into randomness a bitWas hoping for a bit more swing and fun
I didn't realize it was one continuous song, it bored me after awhile. But not too bad.Delivery was quick.
Good, not great. I like SkillinJah I just find it hard to listen to his entire album in one sitting. Good in a mix where you only here a song every 10-15 songs
The compilation is all over the place. Not structured very well. It gets it done though.
Good Cuban tunes to dance rueda,salsa-ton and more. all the tunes are what we want todance at the clubs until 5 in the morning.
It's an ok song, nothing special...just a song to add to my &#34;romantic&#34; song collection...like, for a date or something...easy listening...
Glad that this was a remake good reggae music has finally come back. Add this to your record collection brings back memories
This is a compilation of tunes so it's expected that the selector chose good songs. As expected, this is the case. It starts with love songs and evolves into some classic Sizzla roots sounds all put together into a meaningful set.  I recommend it for Sizzla fans. I have all the tracks from previous purchases but I still enjoy the current order of this good collection.
This is more lounge style music. I was hoping for more Hawaiian sound. It is fun to see what people in Hawaii were listening to in the hotels and so on however.
No esta mal pero cae mucho en lo mismo, muy repetitivo y se exfuersa demasiado en desirnos k no es homosexual.
It is enjoyable, the sample does no justice. Looking forward to future releases, especially with sitarist Rajib Karmakar. Nice work.
Five stars for the music! After all, it's Paco de Lucia, one of the greatest musical geniuses of recent times.One star for the MP3 format. I've never bought MP3 music online before, and I don't think I'll do it again, because the whole &#34;cloud player&#34; concept is too convoluted and limiting. I was led to believe that I could &#34;download&#34; the music to my computer in MP3 format (already inferior to CD quality but tolerable), and no doubt it came down in some format, but not MP3 or M4A or any format recognizable by name. No doubt this is to facilitate copy protection, and I am very much in favor of preventing piracy and anything else that makes artists' lives more difficult, but if this album had been available on CD, I could have bought it and put it on any of my devices from which I play music, plus it would have CD quality. Of course, most people may like the &#34;cloud player&#34; concept because it works for them, so to those people I recommend this album highly. As for the music: Paco returns to some childhood themes, applies what he has learned from his collaborations over the last 25 years or so, plays in a much more gentle delicate style than is usually associated with him, and gives us one last album that will be of interest to all who revere this great artist.
I should note, first, that this is actually a review of the CD, not the MP3s. Amazon lists the official release date of the CD as July 22, 2014; however, I ordered the CD from Amazon and recieved it on July 3. Go figure.Augustus Pablo is one of the most profound musicians in the American "popular" tradition in the 20th century, in my opinion ranking with titans like Duke Ellington, Charles Mingus and John Coltrane. His music has inspired a world wide cult; in my own personal experience, the most unexpected people (like for example my wife, a complete classical musical nut) love his music.Here, an Augustus Pablo concert, which were rare and special events, is presented on CD. The concert would seem to be an absolute sensation, and Pablo plays brilliantly. My biggest disappointment is the sound quality. The CD cover includes no information on who recorded the concert or why. I have a sneaking hunch it is a soundboard recording. The mix is poor. Pablo's melodica is front and center in the mix, and sounds slightly distorted. The drums and bass are muddy while the rhythm is guitar is nearly inaudible. Even more disappointing, the lead guitar is often completely lost in the mix. This is a travesty, since this is the High Times band and Earl "Chinna" Smith, in my opinion the greatest reggae guitarist, is almost certainly playing lead.While in none of the recordings does it sound as if the High Times band is trying to play live dub, they do include some dub touches--which are barely audible in this recording.In my opinion, this recording is worth having to hear live Pablo and taste to a degree the excitement of a live Pablo concert. However, I don't feel that is stands on its own and I think the only people who will appreciate this CD are those who already are big Augustus Pablo fans.I am also bothered by the lack of credits on the CD. I would not be surprised if this CD is a bootleg and none of the proceeds are earmarked for Pablo's heirs or the members of the High Times band. While I certainly hope (and it could be) that royalties are paid to those responsible for this music, I do have doubts. This issue bothers me since I strongly feel the artist is entitled to the rewards of his work. A simple linear note thanking Earl "Chinna" Smith or Augustus Pablo's widow would have done much to mollify my concerns.
It's a decent first CD. Reminds me of &#34;Mr Marley&#34;  Loads of potential.