The Evergreen Club Gamelan is a very talented Canadian group only made better on this release by the talents of some legendary Indonesian players and composers.  This is some very lively and vibrant Gamelan Degung; which is somewhere between the ponderous Central Javanese Gamelan and the manic speed of Balinese.  Finally I want to note that this is one of the best recorded Gamelans that I've heard in recent memory.
track labelled war is actually concrete jungle on mp3 download.track labelled heathen is actually war no more trouble.these are the two best songs on the album. all the songs are good, but war and concrete jungle are standouts.i have many live recordings from the apollo, roxy, santa barbara, australia, london, rotterdam, etc.big ship by freddie mcgregor is a great song if you like reggae and are over saturated with marley and need other reggae hits
This album contains a great concert performance by Bob Marley & the Wailers live in Japan, circa April 1979.  It's a great show and the sound quality is pretty good too.  Definitely a better album that the more available "Live!" album.  I believe that this was the only time they played in Japan.  It was recorded only a month or so before I had the pleasure of seeing them live (from the second row), definitely one of my all-time favorite concerts.I do have a couple of issues though...  I purchased this album from Amazon as an mp3 download (the cd appears to be unavailable) and was surprised to hear that there is a short silence between each track which is somewhat annoying during listening.  I'm fairly sure that the songs on the cd version run together coherently, as they probably should in a live recording.  To make matters worse, some of the tracks are out of sequence.  I believe the track listing here is correct, but more than half of the songs are mislabeled and/or out of order (very annoying to me).  I think this is probably an Amazon problem, so you might want to buy the cd instead if you can find it.  It's still great music though and worth owning if you're a fan...
It's a really nice CD, good songs, but live. It's great to feel the live vibe, but also has same sound quality.
When Eileen Farrell returned to recording in the late 80s-early 90s, her reception was mixed. Her 'Stormy Weather' album was stellar, but the songbooks albums of composers were seen as uneven and even sounding cheap in their arrangement's that relied on early digital instrumentation. I would agree with the critics and think this album sufferers the most from the production. Alec Wilder was a brilliant but unique songwriter and his lyrics are hard to appreciate in the sparse, cold soundscapes preferred by the producers. Stormy Weather's tracks gave Farrell ample opportunity to find strong notes and belt them solidly and clearly over the beat. Wilder's music relies on almost a spoken phrasing, like his ultimate interrupter, Mabel Mercer.It's telling that they chose not to record 'Have You Ever Gone Over to Sneden?", one of Mercer's signature tunes which Wilder wrote specially for her unique talent. Instead, Farrell delivers "Lady Sings the Blues' and "Blackberry Winter", not with a jazz club quality, but with an icy, exacting voice that suggests an opera singer who is used to being the precision in the ensemble while the instruments would add warmth and a flow that Farrell withheld. Like in her opera performances, a great Farrell performance delivered high-powered vocals while still giving the impression that she was holding back an even greater sense of vocal abandon. With this rudimentary digital production, a flatness overwhelms the spirit of the album and results in a disappointment.Still, I wouldn't want to be without this recording. Blackberry Winter and The Worm Has Turned are wonderful recordings and worth the purchase price alone. This album isn't a great introduction to Eileen Farrell's best work, (for the late-career stuff, see Stormy Weather or, for earlier material, the Greatest Hits package on CBS) but if you're a fan it's a satisfying listen and one that evokes a sense of resigned calm. Like a great lady revisiting and relishing favorite songs with nothing to prove.
I a huge fan of Bunny Rugs and always will be. This is a nice offering of the lead singer of Third World and I did not know he had any solo offerings.
This is a review of Can U Get It, which I gather has a funky link here on Amazon. It's a terrific CD; every song has a great feel, with catchy chorus, good singing, huge propulsion from the percussion, and everybody plays like they're having a lot of fun. I can't imagine why this band isn't better known than it is. Everything about this CD calls for repeated listening---a great driving-in-the-car-dancing-in-your-seat-and-singing-along-at-the-top-of-your-lungs recording.
Great choice  to listen too and dance!!! Varied choices from slow, medium and fast tempo. Both Egyptian and Turkish influences are represented.
First heard this album on Pandora and found that I'd thumbs upped all the tracks.  Great music for bopping through the morning chores or working on a long mundane computer project.......quite spunky,
A really interesting fusion of Jewish and Arabic sounds.  I could imagine listening to and enjoying this group in a jazz venue in Israel or Turkey.
If you like to dance and you like Salsa rhythm then you'll enjoy this album.I would recommend this album.
I never grow tired of listening to these songs, they always sound fresh.Could have given 5 stars but their cover of Uzi Hitttman's &#34;Adon Olam&#34;, available on the original release was missing, though probably not the fault of their publisher or Amazon.com.
I'm a casual fan of salsa. I have a few records and collections and listen to them fairly regularly. I bought this one based in large part on the positive reviews here and the review on another excellent music resource website that publishes extended reviews of albums by professional critics.I was not disappointed by any stretch, but I can't really pin down why I like this album so much. I can try to describe my experience, though. Time and time again, I'll find myself listening to some of the tunes just casually in the background, but before I know it, I am completely engrossed. "Una Rosa Espanola" is a perfect example. At first, I'm listing to a sweet little instrumental tune; then I'm thinking about how cool it is that there is the same vocal melody as "You Never Give Me Your Money"; then by the time the groove kicks in my heart is thumping and my eyes are rolling.My experience with the album is the similar. It's not that fireworks went off when I heard it, but I can't stop listening to it.
I dig Clutchy's music. I just wanted to give my opinion on who the man, the myth, the legend really is.I think Ubiquity Records told Shawn Lee that they were releasing to many of his albums and that he might want to put different names on some of his projects to mix it up a little. Therefore, I think Shawn Lee is behind the music of Clutchy Hopkins. But the dude in the picture is anyones guess, maybe it's his dad. Peace.
I heard ones of the songs on this CD while looking for a different song at a friend's house.  I was intrigued by the mix of rock and the more traditional Irish sound.  Its a pretty catchy CD that I find myself listening too much more often that I thought I would.
Ive gone thru alot of stores looking for original tahitian drum music,this the best of the best cant get any better
Dope as hell...This music has an even flow with awesome acoustic guitar rhythms and vibes throughout. A huge and monumental big album for the too. This is for sure one of my favorites by The Expendables and recommend it to anyone getting into this band and possible further into
In a world obsessed with autotune and effects layered on top of each other it seems there is no place for meditative songs. Singer-songwriters rely heavily on their looks or flashy videos, carefully designed to appeal to teenagers only. You have to look very carefully to find hidden treasures like this album: quiet songs only for voice and piano. It seems like almost no postproduction was applied, except extra vocal harmonies here and there. This singer doesn't need autotune either - she sings incredibly clean and beautiful. With her jazz background she leans toward the more easy accessible songs but don't be fooled by simplicity: they are meant to help you relax. A beautiful album for a stressed listener.
This is a good anthology of the group early music. The listener is able to take in all of the groups influences from Blues, Jazz, R&B, to the local sounds of JA.
When I was learning Spanish many years ago, I enjoyed the music of La Sonora Dinamita because of the beat of the songs. Years later, I enjoy the songs for the same reason, and also the lyrics, which I now can understand.
This album is a nice and is of great quality.  A wonderful Eid gift for any Muslim.  Sami Yusuf is the producer on this record and also performs on one of the tracks with them.
Moacyr Luz is composer, guitarist, and singer of samba, and this album showcases his talents. A traditional samba sound with fine supporting musicians (cavaquinho; surdo, pandeiro, and other percussion; trombone, flute, and clarinet; and vocals), the tunes are diverse, romantic and bright. Luz's co-composers include, depending on track, Wilson Moreira, Nei Lopes, Martinho da Vila, Palbo C&eacute;sar Pinheiro, Wilson Das Neves, and especially, with five songs, Aldir Blanc. Among his many albums, this one concentrates on core popular acoustic and sensual samba. This is feel-good gentle music, very similar to but tamer than the exuberant music of Jorge Arago. The spirit of Brazil is evoked and the listener will soon sway with the rhythm. This strong, sweet album will delight the dancer and fan of Brazilian music.
It is pretty great having Ghibli music to listen to all the time with such a unique feel! I love it!Nothing replaces the original obviously but it's still great quality, very relaxing and utterly enjoyable. :)
I listened to highlife on the radio in Nigeria in the early sixties, and Victor Olaiya and his All Stars featured prominently. This seems to be a representative collection, though I've been unable to locate any background information on the tracks included in the Three Decades of Highlife album. Everything seems to be copyright 2006 by Premier, with no further metadata. The bright, blaring trumpet brings back memories of the hot, sweaty nightclubs I managed to sneak into. The mix is probably faithful to the original recordings, but so bright I have to keep the volume down to preserve what's left of my hearing.
I loved it. But I love traditional Japanese music.If you're looking for something a bit more electronic, you might be happier. But I did like the traditional feel for the instruments and how the music is constructed. Not for everyone unless you like Japanese traditional music. I do!
While I do love Tang Dynasty, all the titles here are out of order. If anybody actually wants to download "The Sun", one of their better known songs, be aware that it's actually number #6. Screw you Amazon and your mislabeling ways!
Tang Dynasty's first album mixed hair metal with Chinese flair in a way no one had ever heard before. Some of this sounds a bit dated (unless you're a massive fan of Poison or Whitesnake), but it's impressive to see what these guys did with almost no frame of reference for bringing their country into the metal tradition. If you're curious about Chinese rock, this is a milestone album.That being said, I do enjoy the current Chinese music scene MUCH more than this foundational stuff.
Much more than just an amazing bassist but an amazing musician. I would have given it 4 1/2 stars if I could but the song "Tele Miso" kept that from happening...but perhaps you'll enjoy it. There are lots of textures and dynamics going on here both harmonically and rhythymically. The compositions are diverse in style and show the maturity of his musicianship. He doesn't go off on self indulgent bass solos or try to be flashy - though he could if he wanted - it's all about the music. He sings well and has a unique timbre to his voice - a subtle roughness at the edges that complements it. At first listen only a few tracks caught my attention but the CD got even better over time as the layers started to reveal themselves. The other musicians on the disc here do a great job of supporting the tunes. Everyone shares the time and space well without stepping on each other. I was fortunate to catch him playing with the late, great, Joe Zawinul in New York. They were amazing together and just blew everyone away. I hope he doesn't ever sell himself out - as so many others have - and choose the smooth "jazz" route for corporate radio airplay. Another musical master from Cameroon...there must be something in the water over there, you think?
This CD has some hot salsa tracks on it. My favorites are: Sinverguenza, Negrita, La Calle De La Rumba, Noches De Cali, Dame Un Chance, Si Tu Me Quisieras,
You've got to really try hard to release a reggae album these days which just NEVER, not one time reaches my radars! Be it through my own personal research (I spend virtually countless hours weekly SPECIFICALLY searching new releases and `coming soon' titles), the research of someone else or just through word of mouth I like to think that not only can I find information of a new or forthcoming release, but I can actually find the album or the tune itself as well. And not to try to be boastful, but I consider myself to be pretty good at it and steadily improving STILL. Yet, there are times and have been a few times over the years where I will run across an album which I actually would have had an interest in when it was released but had ABSOLUTELY no idea that it actually reached. This will usually occur with a foreign release as it's VERY difficult to keep track of exactly what some teeny tiny record label in Germany or thereabout is planning on doing with an artist who has moved away from Jamaica to be closer to his/her European fan base (which happen to me just last year as I `discovered` a 2004 release from high pitched David House singer Moses-I, More Than a Dream). However, even those, I tend to get earlier than Western releases these days (and has actually been that way for the last three years or so). Another case in which this might happen is through my own mistake in being a bit overwhelmed and flooded with new pieces that I just don't pay as good of attention and when my plates are finally cleared the release may have already headed underground and away from the limelight (this notoriously happen to me with a General Degree album by the name of Yeah Man from a few years ago when you couldn't tear me away from whichever Sizzla and Elephant Man albums I was listening to at the time) and my view. And lastly there are the albums which tend to `stutter' on their release dates, meaning that the date will get changed and changed again to the point where I'll lose interest and NEVER regain it (which didn't happen to me, but happened with a lot of people on Sizzla's ridiculously hard to find Up In Fire and Blaze Fire Blaze albums). However! I don't think I can recall a time or an album where one of my former favourite artists who was FAR from active at the time released an album on a label in the west (in Jamaica no less!) and it took me almost four years to find!That was until I happened to `stumble' upon Determine's most recent album, Mi Go Through Dat from the Kingston based Builders which was released in 2004! There was a time at the close of the 1990's and early 2000's when the St. Mary native chanter Determine was a major player in roots reggae music. He never quite reach the ranks of Sizzla, Capleton and Anthony B., but was arguably on his way. He scored hits in the form of Mi Lord, a classic combination with Sizzla and an even bigger combination, Kette Drum with Beenie Man, both of which went very far in established the artist. Determine was a big voiced, talented and VERY lyrically on point chanter who, at his absolute best, worked with some of the top notch producers in the game (he was a favourite of the legendary Bobby Digital who produced and released both of his albums prior to Mi Go Through Dat, more on that in a second) such as Bobby Digital, Richard Bell (Star Trail), Black Scorpio and, obviously, Builders. He was also afforded some of the biggest roots riddims (and later some of the biggest dancehall riddims as well, he voiced more than one Lenky riddim as well) and, again at his best, he was one of the most skillful roots vocalists of his day. Prior to Mi Go Through Dat Determine reached with two VERY solid albums; 1996's Rock The World and 1999's step up, Freedom Chant. To this day, Freedom Chant is one of my favourite albums to vibe and I routinely draw for it at least once a month (and you find me a next man who isn't a professional soundman who now has a first print copy of both the CD and vinyl of Freedom Chant!) as it really showcased Determine to be the EDUCATED lyricist that he was at the time. Rock the World was a bit more dancehall in vibes but it also showed Determine in a great light (and for a bit I favoured it over Freedom Chant actually) from where his vibes started and it also included Ketter Drum (and a decent followup combination to the tune, Beat the Kette Drum with Frankie Paul). Freedom Chant was his last album, before this one, released in 1999 and between roughly 2002-03, I had virtually lost off the artist. Besides a few tunes here and there (one of which was a tune taking a slap at dancehall ace Vybz Kartel for taking Determine's catch line, `Up to di time') Determine had all but left the scene and to my knowledge had moved to the States (which is no excuse because I was living there at the time too) and had been doing more recording in the States and in Canada (with Kings of Kings). I definitely think now of what could have happened had he decided to keep at the vibes more and more consistently, while I doubt he could ever reach the heights of the truly elite artists (critics, myself included, at times call his music a bit mechanical) but in 2008, Determine could definitely be mentioned in the same breath as the Jah Masons, Lutan Fyah's, Fantan Mojah's and Junior Kelly's of the world (Kelly was actually one of Determine's DIRECT peers at the prime of his career). Instead, there is a ton of young fans around the world and DEFINITELY in Jamaica who have never really heard the name Determine in reggae (unless they're smart and have their REQUIRED copy of Black Woman & Child, on which the tune Mi Lord appeared). So when I happened to (online) notice that Builders, of all people (who I had known to voice Determine on quite a few of their riddims in the late 1990's), had released his third album, I definitely tracked down the piece and, as expected, was definitely pleased.In retrospect, Mi Go Through Dat is definitely a more solid piece than Rock The World and comes VERY close to challenging Freedom Chant as Determine's finest album ever (if it goes the same way, in about six years I'll be calling it his best overall). The album is highlighted by one BRILLIANT tune and several top notch and more than memorable roots combinations throughout its well packed twenty tracks. Getting things started out on Mi Go Through Dat is an overactive interlude Besides a sermon from Determine (which is actually rather nice) there's a baby crying, wind blowing and doors being slammed in the background. Its very short (twenty-eight seconds) and doesn't at all detract or add to the vibes in any way at all actually, but is definitely interesting still. The first actual tune on the album is the title track and BY FAR the best tune you'll find on Mi Go Through Dat (which is saying a lot) and definitely one of the best of Determine's career overall actually. The tune plays out on Builders' infinitely wicked Gabber riddim (which I immediately recognized for having backed Anthony B's scathingly wicked Rally Round) from Builders' head Dia Fearon, which pushes a heavy head bouncing, yet rootical vibes (check the very subtle nyah drum behind it). The tune speaks of all the negative and unfortunate things people facing poverty and harsh elements must face and ultimately makes us stronger because of it, it definitely carries a powerful message. It is also VERY interesting to hear a bit of a running monologue throughout the tune as almost a commentary, it's a VERY nice touch and just generally adds to the well polished vibes on the tune. MASSIVE! Following the opener is the first of three combinations and, arguably, the best of the bunch Down The Lane alongside Cudjoe Rubber and the legendary Cocoa Tea (I think we can call him legendary now). It had been more than  bit since I had heard the name Cudjoe Rubber and I never knew much about him ever (save for the fact that he once dropped the WICKED Let Jah Be Praised) but the singer holds his own with Determine and Cocoa Tea. The veteran Cocoa Tea definitely steals  the show, but the three definitely work well together on the BIG and bouncy combination to finish the opening of Mi Go Through Dat.Definitely check the other two combinations here as well. The first of which is the powerful Don't Know Rastafari over Fearon's LUSH Runner riddim alongside Lymie. The tune carries a VERY heavy message speaking to those who seek and perform and act on the more visual concepts and ideas of Rastafari but fail to accept (and really Overstand at all) the real concept of it and of His Majesty. It is definitely a tune which was (and is STILL) needed in these times as more and more music `publicizes' Rasta throughout the world to people who aren't really ready to TRULY receive it. The final combination here features longtime veteran, the Ganga Lee himself on the far more straight forward but well solid still Live Up. Check the wicked wicked baseline on the tune, which helps the duo really push a nice vibes, however, it must be said that they actually voiced a stronger combination, Jah Is the Answer, for Builders which isn't here, but definitely Live Up is solid still. The tune here which arguably was the album's biggest hit (and should have alerted me that there actually was an album) is the totally acoustic Heartless Vampire, one of the non Builders' productions on the album (its produced by Mr. G, aka Goofy actually on his Soul Food riddim). Listening to the chorus somewhat gave me the vibes from the Determine I remember when he would just start YELLING to make his point. On Heartless Vampire, its definitely crystal clear as the tune ranks highly as one of the finest on the album altogether. The obligatory tune for the Woman here is also actually quite strong, Sweet Little African Darta. Determine employs a straight dancehall DJ cadence throughout the tune which he is very good at (track down Rock the World for more of that), of course. The obligatory love Mama tune is even stronger however and is probably my second or third favourite here overall, Mamma Mamma. The tune flows over a riddim which, again, I remember Anthony B absolutely ripping with his Never Go Down Low (incidentally, both that tune and the aforementioned Rally Round are both from Anthony B's excellent That's Life album), the riddim's title track. Mamma Mamma is a very unique Mother tune because it actually gives as much thanks and praise to the Father as well and I've probably heard about a thousand (at least) tunes on a similar vibes and off the top of my head I cannot remember a tune doing that. I can remember tunes which biggup  the Father (check Kenyatta Hill's AWESOME Daddy) and I can remember songs which biggup the Mother IN SPITE OF the father's absence (check Turbulence's BIG Mamma Is There), but never a song which gave praise to both Mama and Daddy, both of whom are definitely deserving!  The two tunes which close out the album definitely send Mi Go Through Dat out on a very hard vibes, similar to how it began. Check the pounding Rasta Nah Run over Fearon's Lime Key riddim (which you remember for having backed earlier Assassin hit, We Bad From, Kartel remembers it too doesn't he?) the tune is straight forward and Rasta affirming in vibes of course and it's a good addition here. Lastly, the album ends with a tune DIRECTLY for me the Dancehall Medley. The tune is something you would expect to see closing a Merciless album instead, but I LOVE it! Its basically just Determine doing verses and choruses from his various dancehall hits. I recognized Shaka Zulu, Kette Drum, Time Like This and a few others (and a few others still which I'm now going to be looking up!). Its definitely one for those of US who have longtime followed Determine and something very reminiscent of what you'd be privy to should you catch a Determine live stage show (and last time I saw him, he was very good).Overall, if you knew about this album (then you should've told me! Shame!) then you've been enjoying a very strong modern roots piece for quite awhile now haven't you? For me, Mi Go Through Dat is a very welcome blast from the not so distant past which definitely kept my attention throughout. I would also say it to be more accessible to newer listeners than Freedom Chant (Rock the World is too, but its so much more dancehall oriented) and older fans, if you're like me you can consider this one a very nice bonus! Now all they need is someone to write a really cool for it to tell people about it. . .
6 Lakota legions or myths told by J. Marshall.  I already like J. Marshall. I've listened to these stories several times and I'm sure I'll listen more.
Good stuff!  Would reccomend it for anyone who may be curious to listen to it.  Would be good in schools, etc
If you like traditional Arab music you will like this.  Love the saidi and fellahin tunes.
Great CD. The fiddle and concertina complement each other beautifully on this album, and the guitar playing is wonderful. All the cuts are tastefully done.
This artist is new to me and I enjoyed this CD. The lead singer is very experienced and sings well.
This very mellow album of Queen songs really relaxes me and the singer's sensual and sultry voice add a lot to the mix.  I am very sure that Freddie Mercury would be very happy with this one.  It's great music to kick back, read a book and have a glass of wine with.
&#34;Berket&#34; is the second CD from the band Edessa. Edessa (named after a town in northern Greece) is a California based band that plays adaptations of traditional music from Greece, Macedonia, Bulgaria and other parts of the South East European region sometimes called the Balkans. The band offers an authentic but fresh representation of the folk music from that part of Europe. The band features Lise Liepman-accordion, Ari Langer-violin, Paul Brown-bass, Rumen Sali Shopov-percussion, and a number of other musicians who sit in on select songs. The real focus is on George Chittenden-clarinet, saxophone, zurna, gaida and  guitar. Chittenden excels when playing the clarinet and saxophone, with beautiful soaring notes and unorthodox rhythms. Edessa seems to like exploring the elements of Balkan music most at odds with the Western music most of us are used to, but it does so in a way that should make the music accessible to those with an open mind. Those familiar with the folk traditions from that part of the world will be impressed with the music authenticity and the excellent musicianship on display throughout the CD. The music is as beautiful as it is otherworldly. The two longest tracks,  Djevria&#8217;s Dance/Saskin, 12:40, and Parakalamos/Halasha Mou, 13:16, may test the patience of even the most ardent fans of the genre, but that's a minor complaint. Overall this is a fine recording and well worth purchasing if you are interested in the music from that part of the world.
This is an excellent Album by Pandit Budhaditya Mukherjee.It is kind of relaxing when u listen this in the evening with a cup of coffee after a tiring day. It even best to suit the mood of the guests if u play it at a party.
The recording is very pleasant and well-suited for conversation background music or for winding down at the conclusion of a busy day.  I am considering purchasing others in this series.
Yes, really: I ordered this as a download for my prairie dog.  He loves Dizi!  One song of the collection is too weird for his liking but the rest makes him really calm & quiet.
i wouldn't listen to this while driving but over all its very nice music, it definitely has a calming affect on you.
The music is quiet, relaxing, reflective even meditative.  Something to soothe the nerves when things go pear-shaped or with which to watch the sun go down
Outstlanding music love sound quality  and what can you say about Bruce Dickson and the greatest band in the world'!! can't wait till they come back to big Dallas Tx.
I like this series very much and might just go ahead and get all the Night Ragas. Volume 3 begins with an impeccable vocal performance by the lovely sounding Shruti Sadolikar. The intensity of drama is then increased by vocalists Rajan and Sajan Mishra. They are most compelling when they sing in unison. The accompaniment of tabla and harmonium add to the mystery. The last half of the album features a half hour flute meditation by Hariprasad Chaurasia, Fans of Native American flute music should have no trouble relating.
One could listen to this collection forever.  Every emotion is so beautifully expressed with an excellent voice and choice of song.
Compact but powerful black metal songs. Dense roaring sound, as in all classic black metal, but it's also accessible to the listener. Worth repeat listens.
I have loved the sound of Los Machucambos since I first heard them in the 70s.  I suppose it's a bit naive to hope for some new content, as for all ai know they may be dead by now, but it still sounds good even though there's nothing nes
Dr.Balaji Tambe,amitabh Bachchan,Sanjeev Abhyankar has lent their voices for this creation,which feels very good. A very good attempt.Must for pregnant women.
This album is a must for any fan of Oi! or rock-and-roll in general. Fantastic songs and great performance quality.
Always a great duo sorry Chris is gone but their music live on and this album is a testament to their synergy. Love it.
Beautiful and and filled me with breath as I enjoy his playing. Always a favorite of mind and this set of songs was a nice addition to my collection.
I found two tracks to be very good. The main Enthamuddo piece is of course, par excellence. The bedham is wonderfully orchestrated. I bought this CD mostly for that track.
In the late 1970s a reggae sound that incorporated conscious lyrics, upbeat rhythms, and a great energy manifested as The In-Crowd.  In the recent Trojan double disc release "His Majesty is Coming," a classic reggae album, comprised of songs from 1977-1981 both musically deep and wide, was reborn. The many levels of writing are a major part of a spectrum that makes you dance at one instance and at another instance give praises to Jah for simple things like having a job or being at a party.  Just a little bit of reggae all the time, don't you know?The album is a masterwork of Fil Callendar, who began is career by playing drums at Studio One as well as organizing a band of musicians to play the tourist bars of Jamaica's sunny coast.  His story parallels the storyline in the classic reggae movie "Rockers", and such irony should not be lost in his departure from Studio One; after arriving late one day to the studio, he found that he had been replaced by Leroy "Horesemouth" Wallace, who in fact had played the main character in the movie.After his departure from Studio One, what unfolded was a brief career guided by professionalism and talent.  Other diamonds in the rough found an important role as a part of The In-Crowd, and the men that came together to be The In-Crowd were:  Fil Callender (lead guitar, vocals, percussion), Errol Walker (lead vocals), Clevie Browne (drums, vocals), Tony Lewis (bass guitar, vocals), Freddie Butler (keyboards), Wigmore Francis (guitar), and a horn section with Egbert Evans (tenor saxophone, alto saxophone, flute), and Barry Bailey (trombone).  The extensive listing of instruments helps explain the mosaic of music, as the variety and quality of vocals is phenomenal.  It seems like a puzzle where all of the pieces fall together perfectly.  As their popularity grew, they realized in 1976 with their release "Born in Ethiopia" that they were THE band, and not just backing band any longer.The band polished itself constantly by playing and by the time the summer of 1978 rolled around, they had a tremendous hit with "We Play Reggae".  Immediately after that they had an even bigger hit with "Back a Yard", a song that rejoices upon returning home to Jamaica to smoke some collie and celebrate love and life.  These songs and a handful of others were released on their own Evolution label.  It was time for them to record their first album, "His Majesty is Coming" (Creole/Cactus, U.K.)These songs not only ruled in Jamaica, but also made their way to the U.K. where they were spun at "blues parties" all night long.  You get that feeling with their song "Let's Go To the Party", especially with the groovy conversation leading into some great bass riffs.  The closer you listen to this 2 disc set, the better it sounds.  Whether you are hoping for melodic horns, a guitar that makes you tap your feet, or some bass to wind up your waist, you will find it here.  The rocking yet thought provoking songs incorporate some state of the art special effects as well.  The keyboard twists and sounds like it is from a Snoop Dogg studio effect, like on "You Facey Whitey" and "Marcus Garvey's Back in Town".This two CD set not only has the album "His Majesty is Coming", but an abundance of four-star bonus material.  Jah Stitch is featured on "Baby My Love', plus there are four 12" mixes, extended songs, and virtually every release from The In Crowd (there are 31 tracks on this set).  When you combine a culture of righteousness, talent, and insightfulness while putting it in a musical blender with roots, rhythm, funk, psychedelia, and disco you get The In-Crowd and their "rub up" reggae sounds.Reviewed By Jon Shaw for ReggaeMovement.com
This is a pop music CD with the South-Africa influences which is often very sweet and reviews much summer imaginationsThis CD has been dedicated to my vacation at South Africa for three weeks last March and April.
Great orchestration, sound and selection. &#34;Madrigal&#34; is one of those tracks that you are going to fall in love with. Nice trip down memory lane for me.
I hate to Rate a Juluka cd below a 5 Star, but this cd to Me is by Far Julka's Weakest one. I like it, but to Me no Strong Songs on this one, but still if You like Juluka Grab it while You can.
Jonathan Clegg was a political studies student of mine at the university in Johannesburg in the early 70s, and I am fortunate to have observed his career from its very inception.Johnny and Sipho played a serious and significant role in undermining the basic premises of 'apartheid', and we shall always thank him for that.While his current music may lack some of the exciting 'immediacy' of his work from the late 70s and early 80s, this album is certainly a fine follow-up thereto.
one of my favorite artist and great duo. These songs brings back many memories and hits home with the lyrics.
I enjoy the selection of songs and the sound quality isn't too bad.  Good buy if you can't find the originals in a local store.
I heard her for the first time through some clips on youtube. I then purchased her first CD and find that her voice is truly divine. It does have a rare sufi quality to it where the meaning of the verses sink into you with that exceptional delivery. I was gifted this CD and just like Gulzar says on the CD. Its like getting intoxicated twice once by the verses of Kabir and second by the voice and rendition by Abida. very good choice if you like Abida. If you are new and know Kabir's bhajans then a very good choice also. Others wanting an intro to Abida can be a very good  start, As her bulle sha renditions are more in a complex dialect. this is in very simple Hindi with a very good matching music score. enjoyed it. Could have had more of Kabirs works included.
Love the songs. If you're a fan of C&eacute;saria &Eacute;vora's voice, you should like this artist. I'm picky when it comes to choosing songs for my pod. So when I sampled this artist, which was among dozens, I discovered she was among the top best.
I love it! I would love to have this music in a CD. I'm buying definitely more music from this group
andy is a great player but the songs are no that great and his playing tone does not create a a totally visionary other world
The CKB's style is much like a classical small combo that has loosened its neckties and lit into a repertoire of folk melodies. The first albumDe Profundiswas a breathtaking display of elegance and musicianship."Warriors", the second release, starts out following in that path but soon seeks to expand or diverge from the first album's more traditional sound. I suppose that might be expected with an act signed to John Zorn's label. But when it comes down to it, setting a heading for somewhere closer to the frontiers of new music here really doesn't so much result in something new; it more resembles film music. Perhaps that was the intent since scoring soundtracks can provide great visibility while also being lucrative.I'm not averse to musical exploration or artists changing their approach as time goes by; it really comes down to whether one finds the new phase of development appealing. The tracks which sound like they could have come from the first album - the first three numbers plus "The Amorous Dance Of The Orchid" - are as sublime as "De Profundis". The closing "Recollections Of The Past" is also engaging. As with the first album, the best tracks tend to run over the seven minute mark and thus are only available when one downloads the album as a whole.The three other tracks - "The Prayer", "Memento Mori", and "The Fortress" - each have portions that are appealing, offset by discordant passages that seem intended to express some concept or feeling. This trend would increase over the CKB's career arc. I find "De Profundis" and "The Warriors" to be the most appealing of the group's five studio albums.Their final release, a live albumRememberancewas issued in 2007. The CKB must have been fond of "The Warriors" because four of the live album's nine tracks draw from this sophomore outing. The CKB is now known as The Bester Quartet. Although they've contributed tracks to compilations, no new CDs have appeared under that moniker so far.
Los Chachos were one of the influences for the 80's and 90's big buck groups.  Original adaptations of the 60's Texas sound.
Te Recomiendo Esa Ingrata (track 1) conveys the feelings of a betrayed love.  Chach was ahead of his time.
Nice production, good combo, still retains the essence of Bhangra.  Nice addition to my Bhangra collection and I like the electronic undertones.  Good stuff.
Sorry.  I don't own the CD but I've loved the Flambards theme for 30 years.  I just downloaded that track and it's great.
Traditional songs sung pretty well. Just a few tracks but each track is longer than 12 minutes. Music is good.
These collections are definitely worth taking a listen to.Favorite so far: San Tao Che (melody sounds familiar, but I can't place it)I also like Xi Yi Ge, Hong Mei Hua Er Kai, Bai Lan Ge, A Wa Ren Min Chang Xin Ge, and Fan Shen Nong Nu Ba Ge Chang.Ling Er Xiang Ding Dang is Jingle Bells, so that depends on how much you like that melody. I think it's rather fun... but I've put it with my holiday music.I've also purchased volume 1, and recently volume 4 because I like this music so much.
No a great quality of recording but the message is strong, powerful and delivered with great musica Boricua. Great conversational piece.
I bought this for background music for a Nicaraguan themed evening I was putting together. I like it so much I listen to it regularly.
This group's lead singer Chang An is an accomplished singer herself. What makes this group excellent is that the other two singers compliment her singing and made songs much more interesting then original songs. Their rendering of Chinese old folk songs such as Farewell, Kang Ding Qing Ge, Yue Yuan Hua Hao (oringinal sang by Zhou Xuan) better than originals.
the man singing has a very nice voice, it has great tabala and sitar.  it sounds great and puts my head in a good place.  i wish they did not have backup sings going ahahah all the time.
A priceless version of traditional folksongs with awesome liner notes. It's a new family treasure and a piece of history. Flawless delivery. Thanks!
Azymuth's CARNIVAL gets worked over in MISTURADA 2, a delectable Brazillian jazz treat. Flytronix works his jazzstep magic on "Tempos Atraz" and "Tudo Que Voce Podia Ser," and Roni Size sets his crisp beats onto "Faca de Conta." 4 Hero don't miss a (broken) beat with their take on "Prefacio," and DJ Klas is close behind them with "A Quiema Roupa." Sadly, though, Ze's Trip on "Ausgang" is a misstep: it's a mess. But, fortunately, "Calma" takes true to its name, especially in Lumen's downtempo hands, while APE applies the same sensibility to "Tempos Atraz." But the inimitable Global Communication--at the height of their powers--drive "Jazz Carnival" into the stratosphere with a pumping house beat, with a deep flavor that just fills your ears with sound. It's the highlight of the album; one listen and you'll know why.
First, while I might be an expert when it comes to American and British music of the past 40 years or so, I cannot claim to have much insight into Asian music.  But this band is great.  They forgo the typical fluff and blatant attempts at co-opting American culture and have made what I feel is a fantastic blend of Blondie and The Sundays with some kimchi added for good measure.  I have no idea what they're singing about; I only hope that it's not the pleasures of child molestation or the triumph of the Nazis.  I'm not sure which record I prefer - Humming Street or Staccato Green - so I'll just post the same review on both items.  Their third offering, Songs In Air, is good, but doesn't hold up as well overall as these two.The records are pure pop.  They might not be groundbreaking auralgasms, but they easily best most current American pop.
Not too serious, not too light , just right to act as relaxing lounge music- especially the Santoor.I wish they had a track of fusion by Zakir Hussain.
I bought this album simply to have a "traditional" version of The General's Orders, or The General's Mandate (Jiang Jun Ling), which has been used for a couple of decades now as the theme song of Wong Fei Hung in martial arts movies and TV shows. I know way less about Chinese music than I probably should considering how much I enjoy it, but have found this to be a great soundtrack for relaxing or even practicing my own gung fu. I have knocked a star off of it because there is a glitch or two in the download version of the recording... it may be worth buying the CD over the MP3 download.
Lovely Lovely voices.  Would have liked faster paced songs, which is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
IMUNIDADE MUSICAL is the first album by CHARLIE BROWN JR without ALL the original menbers besides the singer Choro! The incredible thing, is that Choro calls back the guitarrist THIAGO and they go on and well!!!IMUNIDADE got many great songs and others ok, but overall it's a good album!
Gary Hobbs is much more refined now even in his voice, but I still enjoyed this selection of music I would highly recommend this
I'd like to play this at a summer party at somebody's place by the beach. I like Samphie Man, Ooh Child, and It Took a Miracle
This is a great album, probably one of the best that Intocable has ever created.  This album is great because it features Intocable's early hits, back when they were still true to their roots/genre.  Lately, their songs can hardly even be classified as musica regional mexicana or tejano.  Now they sing pop with only traces of what they used to do in the late 1990s.  I started listening to Intocable when they first hit the scene and am a fan of their early stuff.  This album has some of the songs that put them on the scene, such as "Coqueta," with lively according music, a lot more upbeat than anything they have produced in the last decade or so.If you LOVE Intocable's new stuff, then I would recommend this album because you get a good taste of their roots and what they used to be like.  You might be pleasantly suprised.  If you are not an Intocable fan because they are too poppish, I still recommend this album, because you'll see what they used to do when they first started.
This was one of several truly excellent early albums by UB40, long before they struck gold with the "Labour of Love" covers albums. Back when this album was first released, in 1981, UB40 were making some very inspired and creative reggae music with a few dub touches in many of their songs. The grooves were deep and the songs were long. Once again, this sound is miles away from the more pop-like feel of "Labour of Love," but addictive on a whole different level. I'm tempted to give this one 5 stars, but I still prefer their amazing debut album, "Signing Off" to this one. That said, there is hardly any real drop-off in quality, but I prefer the songs on the first album a bit more. "Present Arms" is a most pleasing album, but my version of this CD has only a slim insert, lacking any booklet or added liner notes. An album as fine as this one deserves a bit more recognition and better packaging from a reissue.
It was pretty good but there were a few songs that felt like they didn't belong
If Laura canales appeals to yuou, this is the only CD yuo need. It has a selection of great songs. On Stage, she was a powerful and confident singer. She paved the way for women in the Tejano industry, the first true DIVA in Tejano. Check out AMOR ESCONDIDO...However this CD does not contain (Shame on yuo EMI!!!) DEJAME...remade by Elida Reyna (GET THAT COPY).
These guys have balls and are the originals in narco corridos. The best in corridos we love them in Las Cruces N.M. and El Paso TX.
I like Elsa and this is has a several good songs.  Sound quality is good.  A good buy if you are a fan of Elsa Garcia.
think of Pharcyde, Damian Marley, Gym Class Heroes, mixed together and you get an idea of Grand Analog, if that sounds interesting, check it out, I dig it, its refreshing. couple fillers but worth it.
Pat Boone has a legacy of presenting pleasant new feelings through his music, and this album is one that we will treasure.  The nostalgia or the anticipation of Ireland as the fascinating inspiration for life in Europe and perhaps a major reason for the success of the USA are freshly presented in Pat's mature voice.The chosen ballads presented in what is now Pat's grandfatherly voice certainly are not in the phrasing of his teen age idol years--which should not be expected.  The wonderful affection for people and reverence for Irish ancestors that are captured in this CD are a delightful inspiration.  Bravo Pat!The beautiful lyrics in Moonlight in Mayo, Danny Boy, and Isle of Innisfree are create a sense of relaxation that will often be just the right musical atmosphere in this chaotic world.  If you have experienced the calming, feeling in-touch, connectedness with family and friends with Pat Boone's music before, you should try this.
Although newer versions of some of these songs are better engineered in later recordings, they are still great to listen to.  Fonseca is one of my favorite Latino artists.  He strives to be a cut above the average pop artist. He is more mature--no bubble gum, no fake heartfelt vocalisms here. He reaches back to his roots while, at the same time pushes the boundaries of his distinct, original sound: clear echoes of the brilliance to come.
I bought this for several reasons:- My parents respect and grew up on this dude's music- I always liked the sound of Vietnamese folk- I saw an old black and white clip on youtube of Pham Duy and an American singer-songwriter performing a bilingual duet of "The Rain on the Leaves". I thought it was beautiful and decided I needed the full version.Unfortunately, there were only a few other songs on this CD that stood out for me. The rest kind of just blurs together and all sounds the same. This could be due to my limited comprehension of the language, which keeps me from fully appreciating the lyrics. However, I'm glad I made the purchase! It's definitely an interesting addition to my music collection, and I recommend it to anyone interested in vintage Vietnam.
I never heard of this fellow and would not have listened but for the interesting photo.  This guy has a beautiful clean sound.  Perhaps a bit less embellishment than some of his contemporaries, certainly not a 'hot' player by any means.  More of the controlled sound reminiscent of a Sam Ku West. Full echo'd Hawaiian sound.He also has a nice accompanist. It's a nice album: I downloaded 9 out of 13 cuts but none were bad.
The pieces are absolutely beautiful, but the poor recordings make it difficult to enjoy them. Perhaps if they were remastered it would improve things - in the end, listen to the samples, the poor recording might matter less to you than it does to me.
I chose this ratining because I like it. I pick and choose  for my playlist. wo rd w o rd
It is an old recording of a very popular Cuban operetta.  Well performed, good remastered of the original version.  Very enjoyable.
These songs are favorite remakes.  It is always good to hear other groups sing your favorites songs.  I've enjoyed this album and surprisingly my wife did too.  I was not expecting her to sing along.
This is an older version (1977, downloadable MP3) of what has become a whole line of DVDs, videos, and compact disks.  You hear crackling energy and dazzling precision; get the DVD from DVDbest.sk if you can in order to see the most impressive, lively dancing, in folk costumes, that you can imagine. Stefan Nosek led the group from 1948, and it still travels in three forms as Slovakia's cultural ambassador: the dance troupe, an orchestra, and a chorus.  Individual performers are top-notch ballet artists or musicians, and the ensembles of various sizes create a memorable program.  I've had a very hard time ordering and having the DVDs and CDs delivered where I live in Italy; I did succeed, a few years ago, in getting the Lucnica DVD to Ohio. Postage was expensive, but worth every penny.  We've watched the dance program again and again. It's easiest, I suppose, to go to Bratislava or catch a touring performance, then buy whatever recordings Lucnica offers on the spot.  An American version of this kind of ensemble intentionally echos Lucnica's famous name:  "Lucina" (Cleveland and Pittsburgh).
Hola que hubiera unas cubanas para bailar la salsitat conmigo. Buena musica aunque esperaba que unas canciones mas popular estaria en el album.
This is a great collection of Boleros. It reminds me of when I was young and my dad would play these at parties and on the weekend. The only bad thing about these tracks are the lack of artist who did the recordings. I highly recommend this collection. The quality of these songs are very good.
If you like a relaxed beat with a good base line and nice key board accents,this album will put a smile on your face.very good for driving music, it will keep you engaged without being to heavy.Some of the songs are major party movers,rich in vocals and subtle arrangements.I used to dj in Europe between 1986 and 1996,and definitely like their style, highly recomended.
If you like bouncy Europop with a bit of trance and electronica mixed in, this it.  I liked this album far more than the "Best of Roumanian Pop Dance 2007-08".  While not in the league of Rimini Project "No More Goodbyes", this album is quite listenable.
I downloaded the cd about 2 hours ago and I honestly must say it is a really good album, but I only like 3 songs out of the 6 songs on the cd. Tracks: 1,2,6 are my favorites only because the tempo is high in those songs. When I bought his last album, W'edni, I didn't like the 1st or the 5th songs because they weren't fast. When I have my ipod on shuffle and those songs play I dont mind them. I just prefer fast beat songs. This album is great, really sounds middle eastern-ish (if that is a word). Hopefully amazon will start selling the cd soon.
excellent dance recording with traditional merenque rhythmswould definitely recommend to anyone who loves this type of musicgreat beat
uhmmmmm...the other reviewer who posted about "not much halloween going on here" obviously, did not listen, at all.I can hear a lotta lotta halloween samples, from the disney halloween album to a vincent price spoken word album I have in "magic dub." marvel as your party goers get into the groove & then duck as a shreak goes through the grooove!so you'll get a whole lotta halloween and a big fat plate 'o dub as well. what a great concept! holds true for mbm fans too, I think they are one of the few who could pull it off. I think it's the best tino corp album out there, I'm gonna buy it on vinyl so I can get some extra thick basssssss.
I grew up listening to these guys on cassette. Too bad these songs on this cd are slightly different than the cassette version. Namely a new song on the cd, an omission of a song from the cassette, and an omission of a cool outro track from the cassette. Other than that, perfect.
I just love this album.  Once upon a time, I decided that songs such as "La Hiedra" deserved classical treatment; and now I'm convinced that really great  European classical pieces can be reinvented in many other forms as well.  I found these  re-nterpretations stimulating, envigorating, or even humorous--but most worthwhile for the price.
Sus dos primeros discos, Enci&eacute;ndelo y Veinte Para Las Doce, son excelentes. Nivel III sufri&oacute; un cambio en el sonido y no es tan bueno. Este CD es un punto intermedio.Cualquier fan de Coda lo disfrutar&iacute;a.
This cd is a neat fusion of older 1930's Shanghai Jazz music with Electronica. The first 5 songs of the cd are the remixed versions and the last 5 songs are the originals (didn't originally realize this---issue reading on my part LOL). I wouldn't say this is their best cd, but its still neat.
Really 4 1/2 stars, for pure uplifting joy. This is most purely upbeat music since the Strauss Waltzes, though perhaps a trifle more forgettable. Call it, not the Perils of Pauline, but the Perils of Pandora. I gave a track from Yelle thumbs up, heard more and more, and bought this. You know how people write &#34;it hasn't left my CD player (or substitute other hardware) since&#34;? Same with me, with this disk. Some are writing &#34;if you know French, the lyrics are really clever.&#34; I know just enough to catch the refrains, and what's perhaps most interesting is that the French language is a good &#8220;mate&#8221; for electro-pop, which I understand this to be. The heavier beats of true rock gave us the awkwardness of &#34;ye-ye,&#34; but the fluid rhythms of French marry well with the flexibility and light beats of electro-pop. Enjoy this.
Yele kills it in this catchy pop album- I def recommend this disc!!!The thing is ( and this may be true of all amazon cd purchases)- I CANNOT download this disc to my computer and therefore cannot rock out on my i-pod to my my tunes- is this for real???? Can anyone comment on that?  Its really a shame...Anyway, BIG UPs to Yelle and this album- it is a dance party must-have ;)
Not all the songs are good, but the ones that are good make it worthwhile. Also, I don't speak French so I have no idea what she's singing about, but it's so catchy and fun that I just couldn't help myself!
Heard one of the songs on internet radio and decided to pick up the album and haven't been disappointed. Anybody who grew up in the 80's may find some of the song styles familiar, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
This girl actually got started on [...] around 2005 . She just put  her songs up ,somebody from the record label noticed her and 3 years later here we are. One song in particular I've played over and over as it has a very happy upbeat feel to it"A Cause Des Garcons'. The french singing is sexy sounding and its always a hit with the chicks in the club. This goes to show the power of the internet and websites like MySpace, This girl is living proof of it.If your a fan of upbeat ,happy feeling music , this CD fits the bill. Very Very Good
A rather brief look down the ever-evolving list of my current favourite artists would include a particularly very odd group of names. After the very top, which is, of course, Sizzla Kalonji and Beenie Man, I tend to generally favour artists who are either considered works in progress or artists who tend to achieve in certain aspects of the vibes, while never (or RARELY) putting things completely together. For example, in the dancehall, my favourite artist outside of Beenie Man would probably be Assassin. Should Assassin ever COME CLOSE to putting together and acting on his total potential, he will prove to be one of the absolute most RESOURCEFUL and talented artists the dancehall has ever seen. There's even the even younger Bramma de Bomba, who, when it is all said and done, has the potential to be regarded much in the same way of Mad Cobra, in my opinion (more on that in a second). Then there's French Dancehall Queen Lady Sweety, who, although still a work in progress, seemingly possesses a bucket of (especially lyrics) vibes which knows no bottom. The iconoclast of that would be established artists such as Mad Cobra and General Degree, who, although definitely not the most complete artists in the dancehall, have attracted me almost strictly on the basis of perfecting their particular niche in the vibes (TO A RIDICULOUS LEVEL). In the roots arena, things are a bit more straight forward, but still there are a few unusual characters. After Sizzla, there's Lutan Fyah, lyrically the most powerfully articulate roots artist I've heard since. . . Sizzla, which isn't so odd, but then you get into other names on my list such as the young South African Black Dillinger (very applicable in this case), who is slowly but surely building vibes which should go virtually unnoticeable by modern roots fans one day (sooner rather than later); there's Ras Brando whose BOOMING voice seems intent on shouting his messages to literally everyone who has a set (or probably just one) of functioning ears. And for the more established names, I'm currently loving the vibes of Yami Bolo (who just recently came back on my players and tends to do so every two or three years or so) NON-STOP and of course Mykal Rose has been on a seemingly unending wave of hits as of late which also has his vibes (new and old) amongst my current favourites. The prevailing point being, it generally takes something VERY unusual to catch my interests, especially for an artist outside of the `reggae mainstream'. They truly tend to have to have something extremely out of the ordinary (and in reggae the line which defines what is `ordinary' moves and blurs on an almost daily basis) or be SUPREMELY talented.Or they can be both! Such is the case for Guinea native Lyricson who is without a doubt one of the (if not THE) most impressive (and IMPORTANT) non-Jamaican born reggae artist to emerge in this current modern era. From the very first time I heard of the artist (which I believe would have been 2003-04 on Special Delivery's Dis Ya Time riddim) I almost immediately thought him to be some underground Jamaican artist who had yet to really bust as the riddim also included names then either unknown to me or barely known to me such as Mark Wonder and Oba Simba. But Lyricson, as I mentioned was born in Africa and is currently amongst the leading roots reggae names in the French and FWI reggae scene (I'd actually put his name right next to Tiwony at the absolute top of the genre). What is most immediately unique about Lyricson is that despite being French based and a native French speaker, ALL of his music (at least all that I've heard to this point) is delivered in English which, now having studied up quite a bit on the genre is something which is rare as most of the artists tend to voice in strictly French or Creole (with the exceptions besides Lyricson being Alpha Blondy who voices in whatever language he feels like at the time, and more recently the young and booming Swiss based Cali P). What is definitely and easily more impressive than his choice of delivery is his method of doing so. Lyricson's dominant musical ability is that he seems to have an overall FEEL for the modern vibes which, in my opinion, is unmatched by all except the TOP elite Jamaican artist (we're talking names like Buju Banton, Sizzla, Luciano and the likes). It is a talent which allows many things and to his credit, young Lyricson has used it to make some of the strongest roots reggae coming from any artist in the entire world. Lyricson first caught the attention of French based production duo Bost & Bim of Special Delivery music who were obviously so impressed with the artist that they invested in releasing his well powerful debut album Born 2 Go High. I had only recently become acquainted with their work (through  the Dis Ya Time riddim and through them working with Queen Omega to develop her album, which would turn out to be the Destiny album). To date, they have worked with any and everyone on the French reggae scene including Admiral T, Krys, Mighty Kalimba, Tiwony and Fefe Typical. The duo has also pushed across the ocean, working with the likes of Jamaican stars, Sizzla, Capleton, Luciano and Turbulence (and many others, like Natty King who appears on this album). An interesting thing, in retrospect, now comes with Born 2 Go High and gives it somewhat of a collector's item feel as Lyricson now has two albums to his name, following 2007's WICKED Keep the Faith album, but due to a dispute he had with the producers of that album, Jonquet Records, he himself has asked fans NOT to support it (oops!) and consider it as a mixtape of sorts (and if that's the case then I`ll go ahead and call it one of the greatest mixtapes of all-time). Therefore, what you have in Born 2 Go High, is the ONLY album he has ever done. And yes! It does go HIGH indeed!If you've never actually had the blessings of enjoying Lyricson's vibes the artist to whom I most often tend to compare him is definitely Turbulence. Take a `louder' sounding Turbulence who is perhaps a bit more serene, a bit less agitated and you'll have a pretty good idea what Lyricson sounds like. Born 2 Go High was an album I purchased almost immediately when I learned of it (due to finding out all the various things which interested me of the artist) but didn't really take a good listen to until a few years later. The album, which reportedly sold VERY well, is a stacked powerhouse of a debut and one which would look good in any roots head's collection. Getting things started here is the very clever and well stated Suburb Politician which probably makes the best usage of Special Delivery's very nice Storm Alarm riddim that there is. Suburb Politician is one of the biggest tunes on the album and it has a big vibrant vibes which is always an excellent way to start off an album. For his part,, Lyricson puts forth a very nice story in which he uses himself, as a Rastaman to define the key of Rasta philosophy. Showing himself (mean Rasta, meaning His Majesty) as a figure in the community to teach the people and to show them right from wrong and righteousness. The tune is just well POWERFUL and definitely a track which, even if you have NEVER heard a Lyricson tune before would make you want to continue listening. If you do continue to listen (and you will), the next tune you'll come across DEFINITELY doesn't let down the vibes and you could even make the case that it's a step up over Suburb Politician, Government Live Fi War, over Special Delivery's strong remake, the Dis Ya Time riddim. The tune features Lyricson alongside Jamaican artists Singing Melody and Natty King and was the first tune I had heard featuring the very active Guinean. Due to Bost & Bim, the tune has a priceless old school vibes which really just hit a nerve so FINE; due to the vocalists, the tune has a very heavy message, one with a prevailing message of peace (Natty makes a STRONG case for that), Lyricson, who actually extensively recorded in Jamaica for the album, holds his own alongside his more experienced peers, but Natty King's voice is the dominant tone throughout. A wonderful tune definitely. The opening ends with a PURE changeup, a lover's piece, the somewhat odd Gypsy. Gypsy is a tune which goes to show Lyricson's versatility (it has somewhat of acoustic r&b; style of vibes), but at the end of the day is totally harmless and doesn't hurt the quality here.After hearing the album in complete there were three DOMINANT tracks which stood out amongst the rest (even over Government Live Fi War). The first occurring on the album is the AWESOME Jah Rules My World, which, for me, is the undisputed best tune on Born 2 Go High overall. The tune has a sweet, serene spectrum of vibes which build to give ultimate praises to His Imperial Majesty. I think it's the type of `cookie-cutter' and standard type of tune which I've heard probably millions of times before, but this time the tune SWEEPS you over, which, again, goes to speak of the overall FEEL Lyricson has for the vibes. Even though it is a standard type of tune, I'm convinced there is NO other reggae artist in the world who could sing this exact tune to the RIDICULOUS heights which Lyricson reaches. AMAZING! The second of the three biggest tunes here for me was the lovely nyah drum backed H.J.D. the tune is another (this time more welcomed) changeup for the artist and it almost comes out of nowhere. Although it is popular (and definitely on an album setting) I wasn't expecting to hear a Nyahbinghi vibe on the album at all. Not only is one present but its well mighty and, again, Lyricson carries through with an equally might message, fitting for such a lovely tune and ultimately making it even more crucial. Immediately following HJD on the album is the other track which really reached me, the SUPREME (second favourite tune on the album definitely) Lord of All Lords. Lyricson goes part Sizzla (especially when he starts the high pitched chanting, near the end) and part Vaughn Benjamin and spends a nice portion of the earliest third of the tune just DISTRIBUTING KNOWLEDGE! Definitely a tune to check should you be a man/woman or Afrikan descent, as not only will it strike a powerful vibes in you, but you'll probably learn a few things as well. What really makes Born 2 Go High a potentially GREAT album is still in the balance of the album. Check previous single, the brilliant Sign No Contract. The tune, from Special Delivery is a tune which tells people to be careful of the `agreements' they may make, whether official or silent, with babylon and oppressive people. The tune goes to a crawling pace at times with Lyricson all but ignoring the (beautiful) riddim, but its strictly a KNOWLEDGE vibes, definitely check it. The title track is another changeup here which features a somewhat East-Indian style of dancehall vibes. The tune is a welcome changeup indeed as it gives a different measure on the vibes and versatility as Lyricson launches more on a fiery side not seen on the album for the most part. Lyricson belongs to a French/FWI collective of reggae artists, Black Unite, and the tune also features two of his campmates Chadness and Skuddy both of whom deliver in French and the fire breathing Skuddy definitely steals the show (Chadness also returns later on the solid dancehall piece, Come Into My World). Lastly, I'll mention a tune which I tend to forget is actually on this one (I'm STILL listening to the Keep The Faith album sameway) the WICKED WICKED Life. Life is an ever so slight changeup on the vibes as it almost has a bit of a hip-hop vibes, but it works completely and Lyricson even dusts off the pure DJ side at times with a bit more spice, but the tune, at its core, is a lover's piece and not just about relationships, but LIFE in general. Definitely a big track which tends to fly under the radar (he actually did a video for the tune Someday Someway which features Life at the beginning for a second; Life is a FAR better tune than Someday Someway). Oh (okay I lied) have to mention Seven Nine, which is a powerful track but has the `misfortune' of being a song about the Mothers over the One to One riddim (seven nine being the year of his birth). That riddim was of course made famous by Sizzla SMASHING with Thank U Mamma. It almost seems TOO easy for an artist of Lyricson's capability, still a nice tune still, however, and it might actually have the album's single most powerful chorus.Overall, while I slightly give Keep the Faith a bigger nod in terms of vibes (which I'm sure Lyricson wouldn't be too happy to hear), Born 2 Go High is still a big big vibes and I would more than recommend it fans of modern roots reggae music. Newer fans, for you there would be much here as well as here (WAY more than on the Keep The Faith album) as the artist and producers tend to flip a few different vibes at the same time so you don't just get the roots, but you get enough at the same time. Definitely looking for big things from this artist in the future, more trips here to Jamaica to reach further in the vibes (and to my knowledge he has now made the journey several times) and continuing to give the reggae world one of the most diverse artists on the scene now.
This CD is great if you are learning Ballroom dance. It has a good variety of songs, from waltz, foxtrot, chacha, rumba and more. I bought it because I was talking a ballroom dance class and needed music to practice with, each song tells you the style. For a few styles they give to two songs with different speeds. There is a slower waltz and a fast waltz etc. Have fun!
Bought this MP3 for my 2 year old son to sleep to and he loves it. He enjoys this type of music as much as i do.
This is Reggaeton before it became commercial. I remember going to the town of San Sebastian and buying the cassettes to the underground music. Good times, Well the quality of the downloads are great and I will keep on buying more music as they come out.
Not only does this have some old favorites such as the Jedi Drinking Song, but it has my absolute favorite, Frog Kissin'! There are songs for my every mood. Playful, sweet, geeky, romantic, they have it all.
I enjoy this album. It is reminiscent of Heather Dale, and I at first thought it was, which is why I purchased it in the first place. However, in its own right, Midsummer is a nice album to listen to. It also invokes past eras, but it is more conducive to images of going to a Renaissance Faire. I love it. It is lighthearted and I enjoy being part of this &#34;bard's&#34; journey as many of the songs remind me of the bards or ancient days who told their tales through music and song.
Another LP that I wore down is now available for instant download. Excellent. I sincerely recommend giving this one a try. Their combination of instruments, styles, and choice of songs combine to create a truly wonderful set of moods and influences.
I was delighted to find this couple's music available for instant download, as the cassette tape (that's 1970's technology for those too young to remember them) wore out years ago. The combination of harp and hammered dulcimer work perfectly, and the atmosphere these two musicians create is beautiful. This album of theirs in particular is amazing.
Puly Hernandez is a sonero from Elio Reve y su Charangon and with Danden another trombone group this is his first cd solo and most of those number are classic like tribilin cantore,Dame un traguito con la espuela sing by Raul Plana. this is well balance group two trumpet two trombone good salsa cd.
Very unique set of music by local artists - mostly Asian/South Asian-based electronica and fusion. Has a calming effect on those long flights or played in your hotel room at your destination. Not all songs are of uniform quality. That said, it may be less expensive to buy the whole album than just a few of your favorites. My own personal favorites are "Satori" "Zen Life" "World" "Golden Sunset" "Brand New Delhi" and "Lost In Beijing."Could have been a soundtrack for "Lost in Translation."Definitely worth getting if you like this type of music or are willing to give it a try.
You know it's been a very good year when I get albums like Confidence in Self by Mikey General come across my radar so late in the year. As 2007 heads steadily into its twilight, I can't help but to look back on what a solid year it has been for reggae music, and particularly roots reggae music. It almost seemed as if nearly EVERY rumoured project not only got off the ground, but either reached its release date, or just about reached its release date. Things which had been talked about (and some which hadn't) finally saw the day of late in a 2007 which has been nothing short of absolutely wicked for those of us who still recognize reggae music as the single strongest vibes on the planet. Now as we reach the conclusion of the year STILL a rather steady stream of releases continue to reach the shelves (and locally, here in Jamaica, singles still pour quite consistently) and it doesn't figure to cease in the new year (Luciano has a BIG release scheduled for January, and in 2008 we can expect to hear from names such as Capleton, Junior Kelly, Fantan Mojah and Jahmelody). Releases such as this one, Confidence in Self by Mikey General send 2007 out on a deservedly so rootical high note (check Courtney Melody`s Serious Business as well). You KNOW its been a good year when we get  two releases from the General and he joins artists such as Ras Shiloh and Chezidek as artists who are not very well known as being all that prolific, and yet, mysteriously, in 2007 not only did they all voice quite consistently, but all managed to release two international album projects for the masses and in all cases, the work was well received. Mikey General also joins, very unsurprisingly, his very good friend Luciano who himself (by my count at least) released two new studio albums alongside one re-release of a much older project. And alongside ALL of that, we've also had quality releases from the likes of Khari Kill, Lutan Fyah, Lyricson, Chuck Fenda, Jah Mason, Richie Spice, Queen Ifrica, Tony Rebel, Ras Abijah, Batch & Ras Attitude, Kirk Davis, Mark Wonder, Norrisman, recently Little Hero & Pressure Busspipe, Spectacular, Tuff Lion and the list goes on and on and on of those roots men and women who have touched base on an international level with quality projects of course with the more `usual suspects' of Sizzla Kalonji, Anthony B, Turbulence, Midnite and the aforementioned Messenjah, Luciano, if you TRULY love roots reggae music (and if you don't there may be something wrong with you) you have to absolutely LOVE what occurred (and is still occurring) in 2007.For better or for worse, Mikey General will perhaps always be best known as somewhat of a sidekick to his ultra popular friend Luciano. Seldom is there a big Luciano tour or show on which you will not see the General in some form or fashion opening the show or just generally around spreading the good vibes and its probably EXACTLY the way he would want it. Holding a great reverence for Luciano, the English born, Jamaican grown General has remained a constant figure alongside the Messenjah as the two are very good friends, business partners (co-owners of Qabalah Music, producers of this album), and the duo even released an album together (2000's very fine Wisdom, Knowledge & Overstanding), and of course I wouldn't be surprised at all if they did another at some point. And although he is aligned with the Messenjah, make no mistake about tit, he has definitely established himself as a solo artist and as a solo artist worthy of respect as over the years he has been just as consistent as his more famous friend. Now, with the release of his second album of 2007 Confidence in (JAH) Self , General caps what has been a very strong year for himself as well as his genre of music. The VERY active Cousins Records serves as distributor for an album which follows the February international release African People. African People was a very powerful album on its own strength indeed. Produced by the legendary Maurice Johnson at Black Scorpio, the album was a very quiet piece which almost worked itself out on the strength of the  fact that the General had rather casually but consistently been voicing for Scorpio for a nice period of time which made African People somewhat of a quiet compilation of sorts. That album had a very nice vibes to it, it was very well done (and in my opinion an even better album than the very solid Confidence in (JAH) Self), featured very nice combinations with Gentleman and Prestige and had an overall classic vibes to it which blended well with Mikey General's style. If you can find African People by all means pick that one up as well as if you enjoy this one, even a small bit, you will almost assuredly enjoy it as well (the General also, reportedly, has an album completed in the can for a US based label from 2006 and if the year 2008 proves to be ANYTHING like its predecessor, we will probably see it at least in some form as well in 2008). Confidence in (JAH) Self also has its own vibes, but the level is different here, this album is almost just a nice showcase for Mikey General and like a gift to all of his fans. As I mentioned, I do find African People to be the all around SLIGHTLY healthier  (meaning a 4.5 star album) album of the two, but in just the short time which I've had Confidence in (JAH) Self, I've probably already given it more spends than the almost one year old African People. Where African People took more chances, Confidence in Self points out only and exactly the strong points of Mikey General. And, have you not exactly been paying attention, I don't exaggerate in the slightest when I say that Mikey General is easily one of the most solid roots artists to emerge over the past twenty years.If you've never heard Mikey General before, the easiest (but definitely not the best) way to describe his vibes would be to call him a higher pitched version of Luciano (and that is how I've heard him incorrectly described by literally dozens of people over the years). While you can surely get away with that type of description, when you REALLY listen to the artists, they are quite different on most points. Luciano seemingly could (and has) write a big tune about just looking at a nice flower where the General is a bit more on the tangible side, they are similar in the vibe of, of course, Rastafari and the overall dedication to Rastafari, but they way in which they display it is different and both are effective. Also effective is Confidence in Jah, the eighth (by my count) studio release of Mikey General (not including the combination album with Luciano) and it ranks fairly highly in the career of the most venerable roots singer. Confidence in Self opens with the very nice and laid back Jah Time. The tune flows over a nice cut of the No Man Is an Island riddim (with an accompanying very nice and subtle ever present Dean Fraser sax) and is typical laid back Mikey General with the overall message of the tune being to take a second and think about things and not to rush and just be patient because, ultimately everything happens in Jah Time (a very nice and true point as well I might add). The song is an excellent showcase and intro to Mikey General and a very nice way to start off the album. An even stronger tune follows in the form of the title track. The song is really a nice piece with another very nice message (in this case one which is self explanatory) over a very lovely creation which you really need to hear with all the various idiosyncrasies and the way in which it develops.  It isn't really until after the first two tracks, however, that Confidence in Self really gets interesting. The two tracks immediately following are amongst the album's overall strongest and are the first two tracks which really NEED to be heard by the listeners of roots reggae out there. Crush Dem is a BIG track which has a slow building to a boiling point type of vibes to it. The tune is built over Foundation's absolutely wonderful Rockfort riddim and is probably one of the biggest singalong type of tunes on the album. Of course, as is his style, the General manages to mix in an outstanding message and keep the vibes tempered for those who have the insight and knowledge to actually sit and listen to the LYRICS as well. But even if that is not yo, you'll definitely still be able to enjoy the vibes of Crush Dem. And lastly keeping the order going is the fourth track here which is DEFINITELY the biggest track here on paper and one of the biggest on the album overall. Steal Away is a track which features Mikey General alongside Luciano and the two offer a vibes which really help push the album to a next level. The track is actually an older piece (from 2003) for German outfit Dubfront International. It isn't the first time the two have voiced together on a single track (that distinction belongs to their own production, Red Inna Rome, I believe) and as you might imagine they have incredible chemistry together. Luciano provides the wonderful punch line for the tune in his typical inimitable fashion as he utters the strong line, "steal away, steal away, steal away, TAKE A LITTLE TIME TO PRAY', perhaps echoing the General's sentiments on the opener Jah Time. Very lovely tune.Although far and away the highlight of Confidence in Self on paper is Steal Away, still there is a pair of tunes here which outshine even it. Check the album's second best overall offering, the outstanding Ghost Town. Ghost Town is a wonderful message track about violence in the world and what the world could possibly become (and has become in some places). Built over Black Pearl's Ghetto Biscuit riddim, Ghost Town is an all-around top class track which definitely needs to be heard. The song also comes right in the middle of the album and keeps the vibes very high come immediately before it. Coming immediately before Ghost Town is the album's actual best offering, the BIG No More War. I pretty much go back and forth between the two tunes as to which I prefer, but as of this writing, definitely going with No More War. This tune is a cut from a few years back over Da Real Time riddim (same riddim featured Capleton's Open Your Eyes which was featured on his last album, Reign of Fire) and I have sparingly heard the General sound better. Really, when I talked about Confidence in Self being somewhat of a showcase album for ths inger, THIS was the tune to which I was indirectly referring to. No More War features Mikey General at nearly his absolute best and it is definitely recommended for any of his fans, or just general fans of the genre. There are other tracks still on the album which deserve spins: Check the very nice Enemy Within, Enemy Within comes across the underrate and underplayed Bundle riddim from Platinum which definitely came and went too quickly as the riddim is absolutely lovely. Enemy Within warns people to be wary of exactly who we bestow our trust upon and again, it is a wonderful way of presenting a topic which is mentioned a bit, but not exactly directly explored in any way. Reggae singers need a nice lover's track on the album as well. Serving that purpose for Confidence in Self is Qabalah's own production (complete with a very nice Fraser sax) King For Life. As expected, the song has a very nice and laxed vibe to it, very strong one-drop, or course nice message and really THE slow dance of choice song on the album. Somewhat of the iconoclast of King For Life is the nearly equally impressive More to Beauty on which the General mentions that `Before I get physical, I wanna get spiritual'. Lastly, check the two final tracks on the album, the first being a combination with R.A.D.I.C., lead singer from Jamaican gospel group, the Katalys Crew (which finds RADIC sounding less and less like Pressure Busspipe) and the actual closer Repatriation. Repatriation is easily one of the best tunes on the album and actually one of the tracks which I've spent the most time with on Confidence of Self, definitely listen to this one an excellent way to end the album, which leads us back home.Overall, I'm obviously recommending Confidence in (JAH) Self to fans of Mikey General (along with African People) and just generally to fans, new and old of modern roots reggae.  Mikey General is one of the few reggae artists who I believe I hold to a higher standard than most (another would be Junior Kelly) because of several factors. He isn't all that active, thus his material is almost always the best he can provide at a given time and the quality of his work rarely dips beneath a certain point and he has been making the music and surrounded by the vibes for such a long time that he would literally have NO excuse for pushing an inferior vibes. Confidence in Self isn't inferior AT ALL and would be a nice addition to the collection fo any fan of modern roots.
I have always admired Rochereau but had never encountered some of his cds. this is great anyway! anyways the singers are great.
This is a great venue in NO and so is this show.  The recording quality could be better.  That's my only complaint.
BENISEBenise LiveRosanegra (2004)Apparently, Benise is generating some buzz in certain musical circles and with five studio albums under their belt so it appeared that a compilation of some sort was in order. Instead of the obligatory "best of" to rehash the past, Benise released a limited edition double live album and what a firecracker she is. Encapsulating their live show, Benise' main architect is Ron Benise on his guitar who prudently surrounds himself with a cast of band members that still make this very much a group effort.My original introduction to this band was a live exposure on a sunny day in Southern California walking around Downtown Disney and I was immediately impressed with the band. Though on a grander scale, this venture also features a very enthusiastic band that pulls from the energy of the fervent crowd. Despite the lack of a major label backing Benise continues to produce a very high quality product. Okay, so the CD booklet is a one pager with "bootleg" imprinted upon it but certainly the production quality avoids any dodgy bootleg status. In fact, disc one is the soundtrack to the high quality Viva Spanish Nights DVD. With the exception of a mastering problem while transitioning from the introduction track to the opening song "Shakara" this would probably be the only technological glitch that I noted. This is far from a bootleg status.So what about "Shakara"? Well, it immediately captives the audience with a fine battle between Ron Benise on guitar and Jim Sitterly on violin. Add the dynamic dual of C.G. Ryche on percussion and Carlos Lopez on drums and you know that you are in store for a great overview of Benise up close and personal. Speaking of percussion scuffles check out the almost carnival party atmosphere of "Tribal". If this fiesta does not move you then perhaps it is time for your annual physical. And if you really want to fully appreciate this work out check out the visual version on the DVD Viva Spanish Nights.But this album is not just about having a carnival. Explore the more restrained folksy "Mediterranea", which oozes of romance via its simplicity. Clocking in over seven minutes it embodies both the reflective and carnival aspect of the band starting off in a strolling capacity contrasted with the double time conclusion. Equally as effective is the gorgeous "Santa Barbara" taken from the Mediterranea album that I previously reviewed.As for disc two, the party continues courtesy for the thumping "Tabu" where once again Ron Benise exhibits his ferocious yet passionate guitar technique. Meanwhile Sitterly utterly sizzles and does well to keep up with Ron. The festivities continue with the vivacious "Carnaval" which also includes the participation of the crowd who accompany the band with their whistles as a result of Benise's beckoning. Clocking in over 8 minutes it is an utter revelry for both the band and the crowd. However, just like disc one Benise keeps us guessing with the dreamier "Brazil", which includes some vocal chanting from a female singer. Equally as wistful is the soulful "Brazilian Summer". Just who is playing that conservative piano solo? Meanwhile, if you want to hear the entire band in full action fast-forward to "Galletto's Jam" that is a true aerobic workout. As impressive is the concluding "Fandango" closing the album out on a partially military explosive high. Ron Benise is all over his guitar bringing the crowd to their enthusiastic feet.Granted I have seen these guys perform live at Downtown Disney in a stripped down unplugged sort of way and was impressed then. While the DVD Viva Spanish Nights and Benise Live helps share the dynamics of a full-scale concert I am sure it does not replace the real thing. Nevertheless, Benise Live does an exceptional job of harnessing the energetic performances of the band. For those of you not yet familiar with Benise this is a great place to start
On August 19, 2006 the international reggae and music community lost one of its greatest champions when Joseph `Culture' Hill made his transition while touring in Germany at the young age of just 57. Hill had been one of the leading figures and elder statesmen of reggae music and after thirty years deep into the business was still going strong touring the world more often than not spreading not only the music of his own band, Culture, but the overall joyful message of joy in Rastafari and reggae music. Hill had attained a level of respect traditionally reserved for Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Dennis Brown and the likes and undoubtedly when reggae history and reggae scholars look back on the man and the band Culture, they will hold Joseph Hill in absolutely no dimmer light than those legends whom he IMMEDIATELY joined the second he closed his eyes. In terms of reggae, were there a `Mt. Rushmore' of sorts, Joseph Hill's face would be on the mountain, he is truly a King amongst Kings. Much like Marley and Tosh, in wake of his passing, there was somewhat of a void created due to the fact that not only in Jamaica, but definitely throughout the extended reggae world, Culture had become something of a `required' act. If Culture was not somewhere making or performing some kind of music in some corner of the earth with Hill's legendary drastic work ethic and schedule, something was indeed wrong with the vibes.  And much like in the case of the other legends (with the exception of Dennis Brown), the first place to look is rather easily at his children. Most famous (of course) was the case of Bob Marley who has, since his death in 1981, had every single roots reggae artist who reach ANY level of success being referred to as `the next Bob Marley' but within the Marley camp itself there have been some strong candidates as well. Most notably, traditionally, has been of course Bob's eldest son Ziggy. With Ziggy, himself, now nearing thirty years in the reggae business has become an undeniable reggae star and has won three US Grammy awards and still continues to make and perform music at an undeniably strong level. There has also been the presence of Ky-mani Marley (who vocally most resembles his father) and has made a very strong career as well being nominated for one Grammy (with the LARGE album Many More Roads) as well as making a very nice career as an actor. And lastly (not to forget Stephen Marley who is without a doubt the greatest overall musical mind of all of Marley's children, nor to forget two of his three eldest children Cedella and Sharon who, alongside Stephen comprised the Melody Makers of `Ziggy Marley & the Melody Makers' fame) and most recently has been Julian and Damian Marley. Damian Marley has become an international reggae superstar and is the first of the Marley camp to ingratiate himself in the more modern side of Jamaican music, both dancehall and roots and at the young age of just twenty nine, has already won two Grammys and had several hits (and he is also produced by Stephen). For his part, Peter Tosh's child has also taken up where his father left off as Andrew Tosh is quietly one of the most respected rootsmen in all of reggae establishing a vibes which very closely resemble that of his late and legendary father,  the Red X.While Marley's children may have formed their own niche and places in the game and Andrew Tosh is definitely helping to keep alive the (IMMORTAL) music of his father, when it comes to almost EXACTLY capturing the vibes of the elders, none have done as precise a job of Kenyatta `Culture' Hill. Whether by design or just by natural course, the younger Hill has a style which mirrors that of his father bringing his music to life with an almost eerie similarity of the vibes. Kenyatta Hill actually earned his name as a strong young engineer throughout reggae, but most notably (and most frequently) for Culture, both in the studio and on the road. And while Kenyatta himself has been quoted as saying that he feels that his father had been preparing him to take over the leading role for one of the most legendary bands in ALL of music (in whichever form it may ever appear, the name `Culture' will ALWAYS carry a certain level of weight and respect on any reggae and world music stage to which it reaches), NO ONE could have ever imagined just exactly what would the sound be like in the elder's absence with the younger Hill on the frontline (and he IMMEDIATELY took up the role upon his father's transition, as the younger Hill sang on the very next show and for the duration of the tour before returning to Jamaica. The main difference in vibes between Joseph Hill and Kenyatta Hill is that the way that Joseph sang (which was a high pitched wailing and chanting style) was evident EVERYTIME he sang a song; Kenyatta, on the other hand, has to buildup to that level. His more usual form of vocalizing is a much deeper tone, although he maintains almost exactly the same pacing and cadence of his late father. Now (just as sooooooo many of his younger peers have done this year) Kenyatta Hill reaches the masses with his debut album, the fittingly titled Pass The Torch for the US based Tafari Records (who, previously unknown to me, has done quite a few nice projects in the past including works with the likes of Bunny Wailer and Mad Professor) and produced by veteran producer/engineer Lynford Marshall (of normally Bulby & Fatta Fat Eyes fame). Pass The Torch is an album which doesn't flow the same way a typical or a `normal' debut album might in that its not a full album from the young Hill. Instead, as if he is still guiding his son (as the cover would suggest), Joseph Hill is on board for several tracks along the way. Now this is a VERY important fact that you MUST know in going into Pass The Torch (yes, Kenyatta sounds like his father, but not THAT much like his father) because the combination of vibes which goes into the album is some of the strongest I've heard all year.This album comes on the strength of the first single Kenyatta himself ever voiced which is included in the album of course, Daddy. When you take Daddy in the scope in which it is intended and actually done and you take the album overall (particularly the opener), something VERY interesting happens here. If you are in a true fan of reggae music, then I would suspect that you, like me, will listen to Pass The Torch and more or less have tears in your eyes throughout. The album is just a very moving peace knowing what has happen and what is happening now, its just a very lovely and high level vibes throughout. The elder Hill gets things off to a wonderful start with the moving Pray Dem Off. I'm a big grown man and Pray Dem Off had my eyes leaking with eye water the first (and probably the fifth as well) time that I played it. If you've never really gotten in to the vibes of Joseph Hill during his brief time with us, then definitely make it a point to hear Pray Dem Off which is so typical brilliant Culture as Hill would never take the road of instructing people to fight against negative people or people who don't necessarily see them eye to eye on a particular topic. Instead, he teaches us to Pray Dem Off over a tune which has a delightfully ethereal riddim behind it (complete with a very nice sax) and of the elder Hill's six selections on Pass The Torch, it definitely stands above the rest as it is absolutely a GORGEOUS and breathtaking piece from one of the true masters of reggae music. Pray Dem Off is followed by another very solid piece in Wickedness (in the Ghetto). Wickedness could fit well alongside any pieces from Culture's vast catalogue and it is really even more typical to the type of music, which was very social in nature, that Culture created and that the rest of the world fell in love with. After the elder Hill gets things started off on a very fine note, Kenyatta Hill makes his very first appearance on the album with his Take My Hands. An interesting thing to remember about Pass The Torch is that when Kenyatta took over playing and singing in his father's stead, it was the very first time he had done such a thing. Although like many kids of musicians, he had been around the music from a very very young age and in his case, as I mentioned, he had been Culture's engineer from since a very young age, but he had never himself, ventured out musically. Thus, EVERYTHING you hear from him on Pass The Torch (which is his own) is new material and was written, arranged, voiced and recorded since in the past year, since the transition of his Father. Take My Hands is the very first and you can see the difference in the style as well as the similarities. When Kenyatta truly pushes his voice, he sounds almost EXACTLY like his father, when he doesn't he has much more of a modern feel to himself vocally. Take My Hands is a very nice example of this as Kenyatta, sometimes, almost comes off sounding as a more laid back version of Anthony B (in a chanting style).The truly big attraction here, however, is without a doubt the beautiful, brilliant, awe-inspiring, just all around nice (and I'm NOT exaggerating) tune, Daddy. Although one could probably rather easily anticipate a song like Daddy from the younger Hill given the circumstances,  Daddy STILL scores HUGE on so many levels as the entire reggae and music community mourns a legend and one of the people who knew him the best does as well. Thankfully are we (as we should be) that Kenyatta Hill chose to share Daddy with the rest of the world. The song features Kenyatta in more of a modern style and features as well veteran players of instruments such as Sly Dunbar and Dean `Cannon' Fraser (who has a very brief but terrific solo stretch in the middle of the song) , and is just a lovely piece, the definite best that Pass The Torch has to offer and should Kenyatta go on to prove himself capable of carrying the `torch' then we'll have to point to Daddy as the beginning as it is nothing short of brilliance for such a young artist!Helping Daddy continue to push the vibes is the balance of Pass The Torch which between Joseph and his son does a very fine job. Most striking to me of what is left is definitely the elder Hill's very strong Study Rasta. Besides having such a high standing in the music, Joseph Hill was also one of the truly revered elders of Rastafari and his penchant for using such a powerful background as the basis for his music created quite a few gems. One of which is certainly Study Rasta, At the time of his transition, the legendary Hill became the second leading Rastafari elder to pass in a short span of time as, in March of 2006, also making his transition was perhaps THE leading elder of Rastafari, Ras Mortimer Planno. Through many ways they left us all (myself definitely included) much wonderful material to `study' like this song. Kenyatta comes back with a very interesting piece in The Message as he tackles Marshall's remake of Bob Marley and Lee Perry's Natural Mystic riddim (which last year served as the backdrop for Sizzla MASSIVE Really & Truly). The very strong tune is built around Kenyatta Hill receiving a message from his Father that his time was done and now it was time for the youth to receive the Message and carry on the Message. Its just a very nice concept and a very nice piece carried out. If you're looking for a piece on which the vocal similarity is ever-present, check the solid Same Situation DEFINITELY! Also check the equally similar Times of Trouble over the recent Raw Truth riddim which by all accounts is Kenyatta, but sounds EXACTLY like Joseph. Either way, check the track, its very nice. Officially, the final time we hear from the elder on the album is on Mr. Music which is a very pleasant track and I believe a remake of an older Culture tune. it's a bit of a ska track with a heavy bouncy sax throughout and just soooooo pleasant and nice vibes. Closing the album is Kenyatta with the one changeup on Pass The Torch, Empress Haffe Clean, which is the one time the young Hill sounds like a YOUNG artist. Empress Haffe Clean is a pure dancehall piece and of course that's no problem and perhaps an indication of exactly where Kenyatta Hill will fit in and plans to fit in as both a roots and dancehall artist like so many of his very talented and more well known peers.Overall, I think Pass The Torch might have a bit of a collector's item feel for Culture fans all over the world (and there are millions). Should you not be such a deep fan of Culture, then honestly, this may be the PERFECT spot to start for you as you get both the past, the present (most of Joseph Hill's pieces on Pass The Torch were tunes which he had yet to finish here at the time of his transition and definitely the future of Culture. While Kenyatta Hill undoubtedly has a truly MASSIVE pair of shoes to fill, there is always room in reggae music for talented artists, and the man who made DADDY is a man of talent and the son of talent, and I'm looking forward to seeing where that talent takes him.
I am really enjoying this album of instrumental version of some of the best loved Celtic pieces. I listen to this album to get inspiration when I am writing or to create a calm work environment in my office. The lilting melodies are beautifully arranged and I find myself transported to the realms of the fairy folk and of times past. I love to listen to this album when I am creating my own stories and putting my ideas to pen.  I think if you like Celtic Music, this album is a definite must!
Gregory Abbott has a great voice and he writes songs... real songs.. This album has some nice cover version of songs like "Handyman" and "Aint No Sunshine" too. There's also a "live" version of his classic "Shake You Down" I loved it and would recommend him.
I bought my copy from the band. They're a local group, well known in the belly dance community. The music is enjoyable to listen to, and is used heavily by local belly dance students.
Buena musica con bastante ritmo bailable. Canciones que te hacen reir y sudar cuando bailas con tu pareja. Si recomiendo este artista o album.
I use this CD to accompany my celtic fiddling.  It's a great way to learn reels and jigs SLOWLY at first in order to develop proper technique and familiarize yourself with the songs.  My only gripe is that the Bodhran is a bit overbearing ( even though it does help keep the beat alive) and annoying at times and that's why I gave it four stars instead of five.  Otherwise, the guitar is fine.  It's not a recording that I would recommend for everyone's general listening unless you love celtic music or want to learn songs.
I heard DJ Dimi's music on my satellite TV music station. This is a fun fusion of old Chinese instruments with cool downtempo settings.
I heard about this musical production and I thought it woul be nice to have it. Thanks God Amazon had it. It is a very nice production.
This is one of my favorite CD of all time. it has many of the good songs that made Guardabarrancon famous. I carry their music on my ipod.
big chief say, a-lye-o!  a-lye-o  ...... you dem indians in treme?  den youse gunna like diss itchy poo park yeah
(4.5stars)Names like Bushman, Junior Kelly, Lutan Fyah and Stephen Marley come to mind when speaking of modern reggae artists who are very well polished and refined in their skills and overall presentation. Although one could argue that they all have yet to (and perhaps never will) attain a level of reggae star such as some of their far less polished peers, there can be no denying that time and time again these artists consistently push vibes of a certain level of quality and rarely dip between. In my opinion, it is really these artists who help continuously push reggae music to another level, particularly in the international sense as (at least in some cases) they tend to be FAR more active than their more well known peers. Stephen Marley's case is a very different case as his career will always be much more tied into a producer's role than an (vocal) artist, but one could seriously make the case of him being even more well polished and exercising an even greater degree of quality control than his more celebrated brothers, Ziggy, Kymani and of course Damian. Bushman, throughout his career drawing comparisons to the Messenjah Luciano (and more recently Natty King) has quietly but definitively forced himself into the minds of reggae lover's everywhere due to the fact that (save for one album, which was released twice) you'd be VERY hard pressed to find material from the baritone voiced St. Thomas native which would qualify as poor (and look out for his new album Get It In Your Mind, coming for 2008). This is true despite the fact that his career now tops a decade long of nearly pure top notch consistency.  In the (similar) cases of Junior Kelly and Lutan Fyah, both artists have scored with minor (and between them on MAJOR) hits throughout their careers and those tunes have, as expected, drawn attention to their other efforts. Of course those `other' pieces have demonstrated that both are well worth keeping an eye on as Kelly for his part, has shown himself to be one of the most melodic rootsmen of this generation making a style of reggae which both carries a heavy message and is `danceable'; While Lutan Fyah is without a doubt one of the strongest young names to emerge on the roots scene in the last two decades, possessing a bag of lyrics which seemingly has no bottom. Just to mention: Even in the dancehall vibe, while it is COMPLETELY faster paced (both literally and figuratively) and ever changing, we have also seen the likes of General Degree, Roundhead and Delly Ranx become mainstays through their consistencies as well. These are all artists which almost exclusively `serve' the reggae heads all over the world and while the Luciano's (who could definitely fit on the list as well), Sizzla's, Capleton's and Anthony B's of the world continue to capitalize more on the bigger scale, something is definitely to mentioned for consistency, of which all of these artists, are reigning kings.I believe another such an artist possessing the ability to achieve a certain level of status ultimately through his consistency is St. Croix chanter Ras Attitude. Throughout his career (which now nears its first completed decade) Attitude has attracted attention from the most hardcore of reggae heads and is just now beginning to attract attention outside of that group as well. Ras Attitude had the supreme fortune of being attached to Virgin Island super producer Batch who was in the process of establishing his own name as one of the most talented musicians and producers in the VI reggae scene altogether.  Batch had (and continues to have) so much confidence in Attitude that he actually made him the star of his very own label, Sound V.I.Zion as in 2001, Happiness by Ras Attitude became the label's very first release. If you have yet to actually hear Attitude's vibes I often draw comparisons between himself and fellow Virgin Island chanter (of St. Thomas) Pressure Busspipe as well as Lutan Fyah. I would also (particularly in the case of this album) go on to add Junior Kelly to that list as well as he does seem to have a bit of DIRECT personality which tends to show itself in his music at times much like Junior Kelly (for Kelly, you can almost tell by his voice changing that it sounds as if he's smiling while singing and for Attitude, he has this almost owlish chant which often introduces his songs or his presence on songs), also like Kelly, Attitude tends to choose the singing route just as much as he does the chanting style. In 2001, Attitude release the aforementioned Happiness album for Batch's Sound V.I.Zion Records, since then he has released four subsequent records for various labels (including a next stop for Batch with his sophomore release, the very fine Love Life in 2004) and made quite a name and a fan base for himself in the reggae thirsty communities all over the world. Interestingly enough, much like many of his peers from the VI Attitude has found a definite home for his music in California in the states which tends to favour, almost exclusively, the rootical side of the vibes over the dancehall which has made it quite a popular stopping point for not only artists of a varying degree (I know of a few who have actually left the Caribbean altogether and made a home in the west coast state due to its accessibility to their audiences as well as producing talents consistently popping up) but producers and labels as well. Ras Attitude prior to this release, had already taken advantage of the vibes through the release of his third project, 2005's Holding Firm, a VERY solid mature piece of modern reggae for San Diego based label Zion High Productions released in conjunction with Lustre Kings Productions (which is probably the most well known modern reggae Californian based label and maybe the best) and Sound V.I.Zion Records as well. The vibes from Holding Firm were of such a strong and consistent quality that it certainly comes as to no great shock at all that Ras Attitude returned the following year to voice this album, for North California based Royal Inity Records, Royal Lionage.To put it simply: Holding Firm was very strong album, Royal Lionage is stronger. The album comes through different (but ultimately similar) means as Sound V.I.Zion and Royal Inity linked to produce what is without a doubt at the very least the second strongest album of Attitude's now five albums (it is, in my opinion, only eclipsed by his most recent effort, Trodding Home). Royal Inity itself is quite a big deal as it is a label which is operated in part by members of California reggae act, Groundation and Royal Lionage (the label's first (and only to date) LP release)is co produced by current Groundation member Ryan Newman. It also features Groundation members Marcus Urani and Kelsey Howard playing on tunes on the album as well. While Holding Firm took a while to grow on me (I actually bought it twice having given it away the first time, now it is one of my favourites) Royal Lionage stuck to me very quickly. The album opens with the classic and epochal big vibes of I Know. I Know is an excellent way to start the album it has an old vibes to it but it's incorporated into Attitude's very modern chant so it actually has the overall FEEL of a new vibes. Trust that if you heard the riddim track alone (or just are perceptive enough to tune into the riddim itself) you'll feel that classic vibes. At the end of the day the tune rates very highly on an album which is very well jam packed at the top. Next up is Revelation Time one of the signature tracks of Royal Lionage (very very nice album title I must add) and definitely one of the real highlights here. Even though the tune is prefaced by a corny sort of interlude, when the song gets going it is downright magical. The tune features so many different subtle changes throughout its 4:31 as Attitude goes from singing (on the very lovely chorus) to chanting to flat out rapping on the opening first (a bit in the third as well). Of course the message  is crucial as it always is in Attitude's music as he speaks about the Revelation and various things people (particularly the children) encounter which can steer us away from righteousness ultimately, and does so over a minimalist riddim which serves perfect as you key in on every single word. Finishing the opening of Royal Lionage is one of my favourite tunes altogether on the album (you find yourself saying `one of my favourite songs' a lot on this album) the absolutely wonderful Joyful Day. Joyful Day has a much more upful rootical vibes to it, almost bouncy even and it works at every turn. It sounds very much like the type of tune which you find (probably as the opener) on a Junior Kelly album and Attitude uses his very fine singing voice throughout. I just really found the song to be a definite one to just make you feel good and really appreciate the day as it is (I've been listening to a ton of soca and Joyful Day is night to day when compared to soca but the feeling I got from was the same). Definitely a strong opening few tracks for Royal Lionage.Joyful Day actually ends the opening of the album but at the same time begins a VERY strong stretch of three songs (including itself) which go to make up some of the real top order of Roayal Lionage. Check the somewhat hip-hoppish but very strong Push Up Your Level Rasta. Speaking of Junior Kelly, the tune reminds me very much of (in terms of message) Kelly's hit Rasta Should Be Deeper. In sound, it does have a feel of a hip hop track (I believe that the album's executive producer, Will Robinson actually has a background in hip hop) and Attitude goes completely hype over the track. Even at one point in the late portion of the middle, he dispenses with all style completely and delivers in an almost complete SQUEEK. Definitely something to hear. Although the first `interlude' is just bad, the one which comes between Push Up Your Level Rasta and the absolute brilliance which is More to Life is adorable as it apparently features Attitude's young daughter. Musically speaking, More to Life has just about as big of claim as Royal Lionage's best track (and it would be were it not for a VERY addictive track later). The song flows over an almost hypnotizing beautiful one drop (with a STRONG string piece throughout) and speaks of all the negative things and material things which really don't matter as there is FAR much more to life than them and (as Sizzla said) they will fade away. Very nice track and one you definitely need to check.Royal Lionage maintains its strength. Check another signature piece here, the vocodered vibes of Where There is Jah Will which features over probably the heaviest one drop on the album, Royal Inity's first official riddim release, the very nice Mad Notes. Upstream of Life is another bouncy selection and a nice one for all of the Empress (my Empress did very much so love the track) and its another track which finds Attitude singing exclusively throughout. Again, the closing stretch here is again one to keep an eye on and includes my choice as Royal Lionage's best track. Kette Drum is mad. Featuring a very heavy conga drum throughout and just a slew of various types of drums throughout over a riddim which is SIMPLY COMPLEX and a message which celebrates a vibe which is arguably the basis for all one-drop reggae music. Know Who Is Jah! The song has almost an R&B; edge to it, but BEWARE, you will listen to the song once and you will not be able to stop! My choice as the best tune on Royal Lionage, Know Who Is Jah is a tune which has the strongest message on the album, "Everybody shoulda know who is Jah, the Lion Conquerah, the whole world should fear HIM". Magic! And the song is delivered in one smooth vibes which makes it stick so deep in the mind, VERY STRONG! As I said, definitely watch out for the track, it sneaks up on you and it certainly catches the attention, hopefully the message does as well. Rounding out Royal Lionage is the well powerful drum heavy Shelter Me Oh Jah. As I said I consider Attitude's vibes to be a cross between Pressure Busspipe and Lutan Fyah, but Shelter Me Oh Jah is a track which ONLY he could sing.  It has such a building vibes throughout the tune and a message which you definitely need to pay attention to; Attitude is essentially saying for all to beware of all the negative things and the evil things in the world and to call on the protection of Jah to steer us away from those things and he sums it up quite well when he says, "Jah I know in your arms its painless!".  Truly! And you will truly be impressed by Shelter Me Oh Jah perhaps the most musically impressive track on Royal Lionage.Overall, I am SO tempted to give Royal Lionage a five star rating and the only thing preventing me from doing so is that the album checks in at a mere eleven tracks (and in my review I talked about every song except Live Up, another very nice tune) with the longest of those tracks coming at nineteen seconds shy of five minutes. I almost found myself wondering `okay where is the rest of it' after making my way through it the first few times. If all albums were eleven tracks long however, this would be five stars easy, yes its that good. I will say that even though there are spots of a hip hop or R&B; vibes, this one (like most of Ras Attitude's work) is strictly for the reggae heads (newer fans I would probably recommend the Love Life album as it was harder and on an almost dancehall vibes at times). Reggae heads, meet one of the new pillars of consistency, when you find yourself spinning the shine off of Junior Kelly, Lutan Fyah, Pressure and Jah Mason, check Royal Lionage, Ras Attitude is in that royal class.
It's not very "traditional," but I enjoy it sometimes for casual listening. There is definitely an Irish touch to the whole album with a few trad tunes interspersed here and there. If you like O' Raghallaigh's fiddling style, which I do, a lot, this album with give you listening pleasure for sure!
It reminds me of the chanting in temples in India. Unlike a lot of modern "chanting" albums which create a fusion of modern instruments and change the intonation as well, the chanting in this album feels like how it has been done traditionally in India.
This is a really fun band from the late 90's like their flow and rhythm. they have a unique sound
Great adjunct to Cuba Mia. Loved the PBS special, that led me to the music.Grateful to have them both in my music library.
Its a really great work !!! Awesome fusion. Not only with indian instruments but with some electrical stuff too.Very nice and fast-pace music.
Saw this group several years ago while in Toronto. Great live energy with a unique sound. Fun grooves to dance to!This is a good CD. Not as good as "Tell The Truth" which is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5. But a good effort and worth getting if you're fans of reggae or roots music.
A search through the current state of affairs of the underground of reggae music will reveal more than a few downright brilliant artists. And although, the `underground' isn't as far `UNDER' as it has been in the past, there are names which the more mainstream reggae avenues just aren't paying a great deal of attention to which they so clearly deserve and need. In the past few years several artists have emerged from said underground to an increased level of stardom and popularity, with some even tipping into the category of becoming reggae household names. Two names over the past few years who have fallen into this category have without a doubt been St Thomas native Pressure Busspipe and Jamaica's own Spanish Town native Lutan Fyah. Although both took two very different routes to their current status, there can be no denying that both Pressure and Fyah are two of the artists to keep an eye on for the future as both figure to not only have the vibes, but their messages have caught a hold of the masses and both have scored hits. As recently as a couple of years ago for Pressure, virtually the only people who knew his name were the heaviest of reggae heads and he was a COMPLETE unknown here in Jamaica. Ultimately, it would take the catching of the ear of just one man, as super-producer Donovan `Don Corleone' Bennett took the wicked chanter under his wing and the duo has since made absolutely wonderful music together, culminating with the hit, Love & Affection. For the Fyah it was through the more traditional means of voicing constantly for producers throughout the island and the extended international reggae community which he earned his stripes. I compare the two to each other (and to the artist here) because both are, on the surface, wholeheartedly and completely unspectacular. With seemingly nothing obvious to separate themselves from the dozens of turban clad DJ's and chanters hanging outside of studios through the Caribbean, still Pressure and Lutan Fyah managed to make it through. One deep listen to Pressure, however, reveals an artist POTENTIALLY INCAPABLE of making a bad tune through his ability to ride nearly any riddim (and trust that going through the insanity Bennett has in his vaults will certainly test the young chanter in the coming years) presented to him and do so in a fashion of making melodies where there are none, his overall FEEL for the music alone can be a breathtaking thing. The same cannot be said for Lutan Fyah, however, as his somewhat gruff and coarse style of chanting doesn't exactly lend itself to the best melodies. Instead, (in my opinion) Lutan Fyah has been gifted with one of the sharpest and most clever bag of lyrics modern reggae music has seen since the emergence of Sizzla Kalonji (incidentally, if you`re looking for another big name in the reggae underground, check South Africa native Black Dillinger).My choice for the next most obvious choice to emerge from this type of artist and take his career to the forefront of reggae music is without a doubt St. Croix native Ras Attitude. For more than a half decade Attitude has been giving the HEAVY reggae heads something to listen to, something to feel, something to enjoy and something to vibe. Now, Ras Attitude is taking his name and his vibes to the next level and I'm definitely thinking within the next two years you'll see the name Ras Attitude reach the more mainstream reggae audiences. I would actually categorize is style as a mix between Lutan Fyah and Pressure (thus the comparison). He has a style which is both big and vibrant but he will take a subject, lyrically, just about as far as he possibly can. He also has an untapped singing voice, which, should you pick up one of his more recent releases, you'll see displayed to a greater degree. The story of Ras Attitude CANNOT be told at all without adding that he, like Pressure, is an artist that also benefited from working with a musical genius. In Pressure's case he jumped to one of the most well known (and best) producers currently in the game with Don Corleone. Ras Attitude came through the Sound V.I.Zion camp headed by musician/producer/artist/GENIUS Batch. Batch himself was an artist who could (and arguably still could be, however, in his case, his production side, which is so prolific, will ultimately take him to a different place than someone who is purely a vocalist) could be categorized as an underground artist, and having gotten his musical start performing with Attitude's mother's band, immediately took to Ras Attitude as the lead artist on Batch's label, Sound Vizion. The first shot from the two came in 2001 with Attitude's debut album, Happiness. Oddly enough, Happiness would come some two years before Batch's own debut album, 2003's Who You Are (one of the reggae underground CLASSICS of the past decade) showing just how much confidence Batch had in Attitude. That album was a very well executed introduction to an artist who would slowly but surely make a name for himself, alongside Batch, as one of the most supremely talented artists the Virgin Island reggae scene has produced in its brief time operating (and you know that's really saying a lot if you at all follow the vibes of the VI with new and newer artists coming forth almost monthly). While Happiness was far from what Attitude (and Batch for that matter) were capable of doing at their peak, it laid a very nice foundation for Attitude and the label to get their vibes out to the masses, and apparently it worked as seven years later, and Sound Vizion is still in business, both Batch and Ras Attitude are still putting out works, and you're reading a very long review for an old one! Since the release of Happiness, it had become nearly IMPOSSIBLE to find and as Attitude's popularity grows and grows, it becomes more and more obtainable, so definitely should you have the opportunity to pick it up (and check out Jah Trees!), do not hesitate (and I do happen to have an original CD copy).It was more than three years between Happiness and 2004's follow-up from Ras Attitude and Batch, the aptly titled Love Life. The Attitude that came forth on Love Life was a slightly more intense, yet very much more refined and comfortable artist. Love Life was an album which also marked my first time giving the artist a big listen having seen his name so often connected with Batch (I picked up Happiness almost IMMEDIATELY after hearing Love Life). Love Life definitely did not disappoint. The album opens with the STRONG War to Win. War to Win plays over an intense and lush, beautiful background from Batch and the song basically serves as a call to action for the soldiers taking up the battle for righteousness as Attitude says, "Yes we have a war to win with we sword and we shield and di KING deh pon we side!". Throughout, Love Life is a much more aggressive piece than Happiness was, so I think War to Win excellently gets the album started out to new and older fans alike of Ras Attitude. The wonderful spiritual piece which follows War to Win, Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego is a warning and admonishment to those not only living dirty, but those who fight righteousness in all corners. The song is constructed over another lovely vibrant piece from Batch and yet another strong piece stocking full the beginning of Love Life. Speaking of Love Life, rounding out the opening of Love Life the album is Love Life the song. The song is a thumping one where its easy to get lost in the melody and not focus so much on what is being said. But if you take a deeper listen, you'll get the wonderful message Attitude puts forth on the tune (another example of what I mean by a mix between Pressure and Fyah) and definitely do take the time to get down to the real point on the track, which pervades throughout the album. While Ras Attitude tends to swerve between an aggressive style and one which is COMLETELY more laid back and nowadays he even employs a very refined singing style (pick up the Holding Firm album for more examples of that, and he actually does a bit on the Love Life track as well), definitely the one which scores the strongest on Love Life is the more aggressive vibes. Two of the biggest standouts (including the biggest of them all) show Attitude much in the same style he used on War to Win. Firstly, check Bun Dem. The first thing to be said about the track is definitely the riddim. The riddim is magic, on first listen, it's just a very hard simple one-drop, but you listen to how it develops and the subtleties Batch throws in and it changes (check the Arabian sounding horns on the hook throughout the track) into something definitely worth noting. For his end, Ras Attitude superbly puts the piece through its paces lyrically of course expounding on EXACTLY what is to become of the dirty hearted. As I said, War to Win was the call to action, Bun Dem is the track to make sure you're still in the fight, and haven't paused back, if you have, you'll certainly know it when you can't feel the tune, but if you're still on the vibes, you THOROUGHLY enjoy Bun Dem. Bun Dem only, arguably, takes second place to the album's strongest tune which comes much later in Love Life, the OUTSTANDING Ithiopia Alone. Ithiopia Alone is MASSIVE! The song is a repatriation anthem of mammoth proportions, riding a Batch riddim, which is so simply complex, with the `mane' foundation being a heavy drum over which Attitude crafts what is in my opinion is the single strongest piece of his entire career (he has quite a few which rank highly also, such as most recently the title track from the Trodding Home album). Ithiopia Alone definitely gave Love Life something incredible to be remembered for, if nothing else, its `the album Ithiopia Alone was on'.There are a few combinations on Love Life and all of them are very strong. Definitely the cream of the crop, however, is the total Sound Vizion Records combination, Brethren Sistren, which features Attitude Alongside Batch and Mada Nile. Mada Nile is the other artist officially from the SVR camp and she herself has had two very nice albums to date (Rise Today from 2002 and just last year there was the even stronger Many Roads), Brethren Sistren (which was featured on Rise Today as initially, two years before it appeared here) is a track which speaks to overall unity amongst all man and woman of African descent. The actual star of the tune is Batch whose smooth hook permeates the tune with a very nice vibes, so besides the message which is of course, very crucial, the tune has a feel good joyous sound to it as well and it culminates with a well powerful verse from Batch whose voice is the only one you hear for quite a bit on the latter stages of the tune, before Nile and Attitude rejoin with nice vibes to close the tune. Check the other three combinations, David & Goliath with the unknown high pitched chanter Mosiah, which is very much a dancehall -roots track; the superb What Would We Do with female singer Kittens is an excellent track and love to see a female singer in on the piece which finds Attitude singing with a very strong voice; and of course the popular closer Free (which also appeared on Batch's Who You Are album) alongside Batch, excellent saxman Adlai and chanter Ambassada. The song has somewhat of a R&B; vibes to it and Adlai and Batch really shine, as does Attitude who more than holds his own before Ambassada steps forth in a spoken word stylee. Other tracks to check definitely include the obligatory Mother track, Mama. You rarely (THANKFULLY) hear mother dedications which are bad songs and Attitude's dedication to his mother (who actually is a singer herself) is no different and a very nice song and a message to just love your mother (truly!). And check a tune Batch himself would (and surely did) appreciate Black Woman. it's the type of song that Batch himself is so skilled at making (check, Ah Rulah, check African Queen, check Strong Woman!) and although Attitude may not be on his level just yet, certainly his efforts in the same vibes are not to be overlooked. Lastly, do not overlook the powerful messages on Avenue, a warning to all to simply be aware of your surroundings and who surrounds you.Overall, of course I'm recommending Love Life to all fans of modern roots reggae. As I mentioned, I'm expecting very big things for Ras Attitude and his past is already full of big things. Much like Pressure and Lutan Fyah (with whom he has recorded a tune, the excellent vegetarian anthem No Bones alongside Jah Sun as well), roots reggae is absolutely ripe for a voice like Ras Attitude's. Since Love Life the artist has released three more albums, all very well done, particularly the most recent, the excellent Trodding Home. Love Life was one of the pieces which helped Attitude establish the initial fan base. If you were in that group, you probably already have it. If not, take a trip back to help you understand the present better, and certainly the vibes to come.
Nowadays, with the competition of reggae LABELS being just as competitive as the competition between reggae artists, all labels, both old and new, have to find a way to distinguish themselves from the pack. MOST labels, unfortunately, cannot come in the effect of outfits such as Don Corleone, Big Ship or No Doubt and score bonafide hits virtually at will, so  they have to find another way. One way which is very popular (even amongst the biggest labels) is the usage of the album as a general means of label exposure. Unlike mostly EVERY OTHER MUSICAL GENRE I KNOW, reggae music (and soca) will push albums not only as a way of exposing vocal artists to the masses, but albums which will expose labels and producers alike to a much wider (and potentially international) audience: With the hope being that perhaps they can etch the label name or the name of the producer into your brain (you, being a reggae fan) and ultimately hope that you will support anything under that label or by that producer, as, naturally, a label or a producer will have much more opportunities to release albums and singles throughout the year. In reggae (and soca) DEFINITELY the most popular way of doing this is and has historically been for the past couple of decades or so, the riddim album. Be you COMPLETELY foreign to reggae albums, the riddim album (or version album) is an album which features a number of different vocal artist over one (usually, sometimes more, however) basic backing track. The single vocal artist has less of a chance to standout for most fans (those with a more discerning ear, like yours truly, think its an excellent way to expose artists as you can immediately `compare' him/her with their peers on the same platform with the same vibes) and instead, the real star because the riddim and, by extension, the producer and releasing label. While there have been less and less riddim albums produced in the last couple of years or so, you can very well expect that as long as reggae is released on album form, there will be riddim albums. Another way to expose a label, on a far less scale, is through the release of an artist's album which features all or MOSTLY all music produced by the same label. This is usually not very successful, however, sometimes it is, although, as a recent example, while you probably know the name Gyptian and you probably know the name Kemar McGregor, you may not have associated the two as having combined, for the most part to produce Gyptian's debut album, My Name is Gyptian, as Gyptian himself (and rightly so) took most of the credit/blame for that album. Lastly, another way, although not very popular these days, to get exposure for a label is through releasing a basic compilation full of the label's/producer's most recent work. Honestly, while I do LOVE riddim albums, this type of compilation may actually be my favourite.I'll ALWAYS point to an album from 2003 called Culture Dem from the US based Lustre Kings Production which was just an EXCELLENT compilation of a mixture of their latest recordings and riddims which just generally made a fan out of me for life (even if, in retrospect Volume 2 wasn't that good) and I spent quite awhile (and I still do) recommending not only that compilation but that label as well to any and everyone. Not coming up to those level of Culture Dem (and not having to because I already knew about this label) for Lustre Kings, is now the somewhat familiar Total Satisfaction Records. Based in the US (in New York I believe), the label has pushed VERY SOLID material over the past half-decade or so voicing some of Jamaica's top notch roots talents on their various riddims and even employed some of the top musicians to play those riddims as well, led by industry veteran Leon Smillie. The label has released various smaller compilations and riddim albums as well (actually I think its last riddim also came through a more international means as well and may have been released near the time of this album as well), but, at least in my opinion, it had yet to REALLY put all of its energy behind a single project in terms of an album. Well, with the release of Education is the Key, it now has done that; Total Satisfaction now has its very own Culture Dem (almost literally, although I'm pretty sure the album is NO WAY derivative of LKP's wonderful creation). Education is the Key is an album of eighteen tracks, all produced by Smillie and under Total Satisfaction, which will essentially provide the listener with a fairly accurate musical description of the vibes the label has to offer. Even before listening, I can tell you what to expect. Were this an album of a similar type from No Doubt Records, I could tell you to expect VERY modern roots of an equally VERY high quality (McGregor, I think, is in the process of DEFINING what this era's roots sound will be remembered as really); were it Corleone I could tell you to expect the unexpected a VERY broad and brilliant dancehall piece (and actually I think they have just released such an album as well); and were it Big Ship and Stephen McGregor, I would say that you could expect a HUGE and VIOLENT epic of an album with some of the angriest and darkest names of modern dancehall (with the occasional `blast from the past' type of an artist). In the case of Total Satisfaction, you can expect a whole hearted SWEET style of modern roots with some of the biggest names of the genre and a few who you probably don't know very well. Also, Total Satisfaction tends to have a very slight but nice incline to adding a spice of old school vibes to the mix as well. I don't very well know the history of Leon Smillie, beyond his having been around for awhile even before the label, but I wouldn't at all be surprised if he were a from an era of music making which was either COMPLETELY or even more so than his own label, saturated in old school roots and lover's rock vibes. The results on Education is the Key leave virtually nothing to be desired and is very good throughout.I actually was a bit `disappointed' when I got a taste of Education is the Key because it wasn't exactly what I expected: There is another type of compilation which is VERY rare, but it is the type which has a compilation of tunes on a SINGLE SUBJECT (that type of thing is reserved for the VP's, Greensleeves etc. of the world with HUGE catalogues), which I thought this MIGHT be about teaching the youths and everyone, but it ISN'T, however, if you are a fan of modern roots music, you really won't care. Getting things started on Education is the Key are arguably the three biggest names on the album altogether. Sizzla checks in first with his first of two efforts on the album (and far and away his best) with the MASSIVE title track. I'm partial (VERY PARTIAL), but apparently not anymore so than Smillie himself (he likes it so much he named his album after it) as I think the tune is definitely the best tune you'll hear anywhere on the album. The tune flows somewhat `streaky' over a VERY HEAVY old school tinged riddim (which I may have heard somewhere before), called the Hurting Inside riddim (love the HORNS!) and Sizzla, although a bit agitated apparently reminds the youths and all people to strive to reach our absolute peaks in life under the guidance of His Majesty and be  the best that we can be and check the BRILLIANCE that develops on the first full verse on the tune, classic Sizzla, big big tune and the tune itself is really a lesson alone! Next up is the Messenjah himself, Luciano continuing a stellar opening with his typically excellent No More War over Total Satisfaction's fine Heartaches & Pain riddim (which is the popular aforementioned riddim for which they also released an album). Luciano is, as expected, absolutely brilliant reminding the world to first and foremost UNITE and thus ending the spread of war and violence and overall negative vibes in the world. Big big tune and you would expect no less from the artist. Finishing the opening here is one of the album's elders, Freddie McGregor (the real captain of the Big Ship) checking in with his poignant (but SWEET) tune, What's On Your Mind over Total Satisfaction's dazzling old school intensive Oh No riddim (which I actually think wasn't literally built by Smillie himself). I love the riddim and ANYTIME you can get McGregor near anything sounding like this you can expect big big vibes and the wonderful Whats on Your Mind is no different. Lovely way to begin an album definitely.Besides Sizzla, fortunately two of my absolute favourite modern artists check in with two outstanding tracks each. First up is the always wonderful Lutan Fyah who checks in firstly with the WICKED Jah Children. Really and truly, were it not for the very high esteem in which I hold Kalonji, Jah Children might just be the best tune on the album period! The tune is just beautiful! Flowing with a big bag of knowledge (which is typical Fyah) over Smillie's big sounding Declaration riddim as he urges the children of the world (big and small, old and young) to step forth and handle OUR responsibilities of accepting His Majesty and take control of OUR world before its too late. AMAZING VIBES! Fyah's other tune has big shoes to step into and although the tune, the very nice Crab Fight, doesn't reach the heights of Jah Children, it stands very nicely on its own merits. The tune flows over Smillie's relicking of the classic Studio One riddim, Melody Life (told you he loved the old school) and Fyah delivers a typically very solid tune, one on which (even perhaps more so than on Jah Children) you have to FOCUS on the lyrics DEFINITELY. The other artist here who checks in twice who receives big ratings from me around the clock is POTENT Guyanese chanter  Natural Black (here credited as Natural BlackS) who himself takes a nice shot at the Melody Life (although a different, more laid back version, which is still nice) with Free Your Mind. The tune tells all to aspire to MENTAL and SPIRITUAL freedom from the corrupt and depressing system of the world and to seek righteousness and vibrancy within the love is His Majesty (and he takes several turns and twists to get us there, in typically wonderful Natural Black vibes). His second effort here, Nuh Go So over the Oh No, is arguably an even stronger effort (with even more turns and twists), but then again, maybe its just the riddim, which I slowly but surely find myself loving more and more each time I hear it! Two more of my favourites check in as well with solo efforts: Check Anthony B's Run From Dem over the Declaration which comes in quietly as a big tune which I'm not sure exactly ran under the radar as it apparently did. The time span in which it would have been voiced (late 2006 I imagine) was a time in which the Bobo was dropping FIRE all around and Run From Dem, a tune urging the masses not to cower or run in the face of the oppressors, is FIRE! Also along for the ride is Jah Mason who checks in, also on the Declaration, with his very nice Don't Loose, which reminds us not to loose site of what's really important in the face of DISTRACTIONS such as material things and falsities. Very nice tune (and typically `hot and cold' tempered Jah Mason throughout). I'll also mention, briefly, Jah Hammed & The Meditations' WONDERFUL Afrikan affirming tune, (I AM A) Rasta Man over the Hurting Inside riddim. Should you be of Afrikan descent (as I am) and a Rasta (as I am) the song can really do things to you! I have had tears in the eyes on more than one occasion listening to the tune! Excellent! As the album winds down we see another artist checking in with two selections, one which you need to keep an eye on, the wonderfully talented Althea Hewitt. Hewitt first comes forth with her solo track Why over the Melody Life. Hewitt is a POWERFUL vocalist and she gives but a small taste on the tune which is a solid social commentary and it really works. And the album ends with her second tune a remake of the classic Melody Life alongside (another of my favourites) Junior Kelly. I actually might've preferred to hear her take the tune solo, but definitely no diss to Kelly who adds a `special blend' of herbs and spices to an already magical track and it doesn't suffer because of his presence at all. Keep an ear out for Althea Hewitt as VP Records is soon to release the young singer's debut album (fittingly title Introducing Althea Hewitt) and she is wrapped in potential and could possibly single-handedly pick up the current vibes of reggae (especially internationally) and drag them KICKING AND SCREAMING back to 1965 with her wonderful style of vibes.Overall, I'm definitely recommending Education is the Key to fans of modern roots reggae as well as those of old school roots reggae who are maybe seeking to update their collections a bit. Total Satisfaction almost completely delivers on its name with the release and I'd love to see a Volume 2 at some point as well (like this year!). I really do wish more labels would take this route in order to garner some attention (as well as garner some cash), especially the younger ones. A compilation such as Education is the Key gives fan a fantastic overview and mix of exactly what Total Satisfaction is about; with continued solid riddim releases and another such release as this, they could definitely TEACH the big boys something and join them as well.
Tabaco was a timbalero with Septeto Juventud in Venezuela in the 70's by 1980 he make a lp that on mp3 with puerto rican musiciant this band is well balance with number la batea no me pinches con cuchillo a classic number with roberto faz se formo el rumbon another classic with miguelito valdez it is good because those arreglos have good feeling, tabaco pass in 1999.
Reggae music truly does have some of the most unusual vibes of any genre of music that there is in the entire world. I know quite a few people who actually reggae music for their plants or their animals or their home even when no one is there. The music comes from such a vibes which  are almost universal, meaning you could probably find a reggae song (and probably a few from any era) which would be applicable to just about any situation, setting or mood which you may find yourself in or going through. And while I don't typically fall into the group of people who will play reggae music for their plants, I have truly found some absolute divine relaxation vibes, meditating vibes and just feel good vibes in the music. The most prolific provider of such vibes throughout the years has been without a doubt The Messenjah, Luciano. Luciano makes the types of music that I'd find it hard for ANY fan of reggae music to genuinely dislike. Even the hardest and heaviest of dancehall heads will admit that the presence of a Luciano track on a compilation or a mix of artists like Beenie Man, Bounty Killer, Vybz Kartel etc. is a more than welcome changeup. Luciano has a style which is so ultimately serene and downright brilliant that his expounding on pretty much ANY topic at all just exudes a wonderfully calming tone which has entranced reggae and general music fans all over the world for more than a decade. Luciano is also unique in the fact that he has managed to remain important on the ever-changing reggae scene, showing a level of consistency that is unmatched perhaps in all forms of reggae music. And while The Messenjah is without a doubt the leader of those types of vibes, there have been others in recent years who literally sought to offer a form of reggae musical healing with their music nearly every time they touched a track. Kingston native Chrisinti would be another fine example. While not yet achieving the level of Luciano in terms of popularity, Chrisinti has quietly but certainly etched a place for himself in the music by virtue of singing absolute gems of songs which, although sometimes unfortunately overlooked, continue to inspire fans all over the world. I would have also, prior to a recent unusual turn in his vibes, placed Norrisman on the list and of course Jah Cure makes a brand of music so undeniably sweet, I'm sure someone reading this review right now is currently playing a Jah Cure song for plants! In recent years, with  the development of the Virgin Island reggae scene, we've seen even more artists pushing a STRONG brand of healing in their vibes as well.Such an artist is Malika Madremana. Although Madremana herself isn't from the VI at all (she was born and grown in the states of Puerto Rican heritage), she has very much so ingratiated herself amongst musicians and fans alike in the VI reggae music scene. Madremana first came on my radars in late 2006 when I grabbed up her first album, the appropriately titled Healing which was released through her own means on Madremana Music in 2005. I almost immediately found a place for Healing in my players because I found it very powerful, yet very peaceful at the same time. If you've never heard her style (or never knew you were hearing her, she has sung quite a few backup roles for more noticeable names in reggae being based in California in the states), she has a very unusual style. If you know the VI reggae style at all, certainly you know it to be a very laid back rootical vibes, and while you could certainly categorize Malika Madremana's style as such, she has an almost volcanic type of style which often builds and leads her to abandoning her base style and erupting into a DJ style of flowing lyrics. STILL she manages to do so, through a method which is all her own, while keeping the healing sense to her music. I draw comparisons to Luciano definitely, although you will hear Luciano's `eruption' through different means, he almost always uses his ever powerful voice. Madremana, however, changes almost completely from singing absolutely wonderful melodies (and her vocal tone and range alone are quite impressive) to a style which is almost completely unrelated. Healing was an album which almost caught me `off guard'. Here was an album (with probably the most simple cover I've ever seen: A completely white background with the word `Healing' underlined by Red, Gold and Green lines) from an artist, herself very unique as a devout Rastafarian with Puerto Rican heritage, singing His Majesty's music, and doing so on a world class level truly showing the overall strength of not only reggae music, but Rastafari as well. The album featured a song  which I still play on a semi-consistent basis quite regularly, Just Jah. Just Jah was a tune which was very big sounding and all over the place, while I rate both peaceful and hype `versions' of Madremana equally, the hype one won out on Just Jah and it was an absolutely brilliant track. There were still other powerful tunes throughout  Healing such as the title track, the brilliant The Blood and I loved Jah Riddim as well. Thus was how I discovered Malika Madremana and added her to a very short, yet powerful, list of women singing high quality modern roots reggae. Malika Madremana stands alongside such current reggae Empresses such as Dezarie and Mada Nile from St. Croix, my personal favourite current female artist, the wicked Queen Omega from Trinidad and Jamaican daughters Queen Omega and Etana. And should you be more familiar with other names on that list than Madremana's (and most likely you are) trust me when I say her music equals that of her peers and she more than holds her own in a space which has been greatly under populated in recent years, and now quite full: The Empresses of Roots Reggae music (also check Empress Ayeola from the UK as well, currently with  the wonderful debut piece Isat Innat: Fyah Mamma and Empress Cherisse from Trinidad with Serenity).I caught Malika Madremana's vibes at apparently a very nice time as not too long after I had stumbled upon Healing, she was ready to present the followup, the very strong (and superbly titled) Elixir. Elixir is exactly what one might expect from the title of the album, it is literally musical healing. If you make it through the entire album and it doesn't make you feel good in some way, then trust that the problem isn't the vibes, as they are PLENTIFUL. Elixir comes on Greensphere label which is based in California in the states and almost simultaneously with Elixir released three other albums as well (Batch's very nice Iver Strong, Ras Attitude's brilliant Trodding Home and Blaak Lung's (who produced all four pieces) Frontline which is now growing on me). Elixir opens (just as Healing did) with the wonderful title track. Elixir the song almost goes to (in my opinion) encompass Elixir the album as a whole. Madremana reveals her own personal choice of Elixir to not be available in any bottle or cup, instead her Elixir is exactly what she is doing. Reggae music, as she calls it, `the source of joy within my life, word sound restores my sight' truly a very nice song, one of the top three on the album and a very strong way to begin the album. Also standing out in the opening few tracks is a very commanding track, Heaven's Door. Heaven's Door is a song for all the ancestors who have come and gone but haven't exactly found their way to Zion (some of them haven't even actually passed yet). Heaven's Door is a very lyrical track and another dimension of Madremana's music. I have to mention that, much like Luciano, you REALLY have to listen to Madremana's words. Besides the very nice voice and melodies she creates, Madremana has a ridiculously sharp pen and she uses it to scribe wonderful messages such as the one on Heaven's Door. The track is also, from a production standpoint,  quite complex as near the latter stages of the 5:26 long track, a lovely African chant backs Madremana very briefly, musically its just a beautifully constructed riddim track accompanying he dazzling Madremana.Unlike Healing, Elixir, which find Madremana now even more ingratiated in the vibes (as well as Blaak Lunug and Greensphere Records), contains two high profile combinations and four altogether (one of which is my absolute favourite tune on Elixir). Although definitely, the other two artists with whom Madremana links are entirely more noteworthy and popular as of now, Elixir does introduce us (or at least ME, as I've never encountered her before) to the impressive Empress Isheba. Empress Isheba is a diminutive and very young sounding roots chanter from Guyana who so wonderfully (and obviously) compliments Madremana. The first combination between the two Love Jah Rastafari finds Madremana herself adopting more of DJ style and  the tune would have been nice even without Isheba's piece, but she add's to the vibes (if you at all follow the California reggae scene, particularly the Lustre Kings camp, the name Empress Michiboo is probably familiar to you, imagine an even younger sounding and slightly more animated version and you have Isheba). The two linkup again on the entirely more serene You Fly which is an overall even stronger track than Love Jah Rastafari. The song is absolutely divine and just a joy to listen to as Madremana pushes the smoothness of her very versatile voice to its limits as You Fly seamlessly rolls through with Isheba (who sounds very young yes, but is actually older than I am), for her part, effortlessly riding the nice one drop to supreme effect. Definitely it is the two other combinations here, however which will attract the most attention. The hype Jungle Fever (which isn't about what you think it is) features wicked St. Croix chanter Ras Attitude. Attitude does his thing definitely, but outshining him surprisingly is the third name on the track (yep, you guessed it) Empress Isheba. Jungle Fever is still definitely a big track (for an even bigger one, check the combination of Attitude and Madremana on his Trodding Home album, Jah Loves, BRILLIANCE!) The final combination on Elixir and my choice for best track altogether is Meaning which features St. Croix musical genius Batch. Batch's own style is quite comparable to Madremana's (except when he turns up the hype, it doesn't turn as far as she does, Batch keeps it level vibes pretty much always) . While Madremana dominates the majority of the tune, Batch's bit near the middle of the track is so nice and it compliments her well as it is about as hype as you'll hear Batch. Meaning is beautiful, its powerful and it makes you feel good, everything that's good about Elixir.My other of three top notch tracks here comes later in the album. My one real critique of Malika Madremana's music is that she seemingly has yet to master the art of the dominant love song. Undoubtedly, as she continues it will come in time, however, in the meantime, we have tracks like Soldier Culture, which is almost a hidden lover's track. The song comes across an almost deafening and wicked wicked one drop, and it's a beautiful love song. BUT it's a love song built on (again, make sure you hear Madremana's lyrics) the vibes of loving someone who is a soldier and may not be around the next day. It is an excellent start and I would definitely love to see her develop the vibes a little more. Earlier on we also have the nice When It Rains. This track is pounding! The song shows off the more intense side of Madremana's vibes and is almost lyrically as perfect a track as you'll find on the album as she says in the song's chorus, "When it rains it pours, what's the use of shelter when the flood's indoors?!" Lastly, check the poignant and perfectly healing Cool Breeze, the song appears twice on the album with the second being a hip-hoppish remix as the album's closer. The song in its original form, however, is a very big track and just one which shows a more fun side to Madremana's vibes and an excellent changeup for Elixir.Overall, stamping an easy seal of recommendation on Malika Madremana's sophomore album, Elixir. This album is an easy choice for those out there CONSTANTLY starved for Dezarie's third album (which I'm expecting sometime this year) and just enjoying the vibes, and if you are a fan of Dezarie's that should let you know exactly the quality level of Elixir. Madremana's natural style is truly a very unique one and watching, hearing and literally feeling it unfold over the sixteen tracks of Elixir is wonderful vibes! With her dexterity I also would perhaps recommend Elixir for the newer fans just getting into the vibes of roots reggae music. For the old heads, you'll love this one too. Just good good roots reggae music, its good for you. Its good for everyone.
An other worldly experience. Spiral Dance takes you on a journey back in time with their music, to a simpler and more spiritual way of life.
I remember listening to this album when i was a kid. As an adult now, I had a horrible time trying to find this album. I love every song in it. It has dance-able songs like, "vuela vuela palomita", sad songs like, "a la orilla de un palmar" whom she sings with her mother, Chelo. I am really happy that it was finally released on cd and i highly recomend it to anybody that has a child. It takes me back in time to my childhood, when kids listened to kid's music and not all that vulgar stuff that most kids listen to today.
If you're familliar with Bob Baldwin you know that he likes to mix different styles on his cd:s.He has done that here as well but with the difference that he went to Rio de Janeiro to record this one.It's like a cool, smooth mix of contemporary urban jazz and brazilian music.The players are mostly from Brazil with some exceptions.On this one Bob managed to get it right.It's a perfect record to chill to just as the title suggests!Great mix between Brazil and U.S..
I have several of Bob's recordings. I like the direction he went with this project. Very different sound than prior recording. There is a heavy latin influence here. Heavy on percussion and that "latin feel."  All in all, a good effort!
OK, the entire sub-genre's pretty hurtin', but this strikes me as one of the better offerings.  I detect some real soulfulness in Baldwin's piano playing (Joe Sample is an apt comparison), generally toned-down background vocals and sweeting, and often a very pleasant and even quite sophisticated rhyhmic groove.No, this is not Horace Tapscott or Keith Tippett let alone Cecil Taylor.  But for what it is, it ain't all that bad.  I must admit, I often find smooth jazz unlistenable, but this disc has a congenial enough feel and enough backbone to make it at least an agreeable diversion, if not great music.  3 and 1/2 stars.
bought this album since i am deployed to afghanistan, reminds me of home when i listen to it. still waiting for their big comeback
TWO INSTANT CLASSIC FROM LOS ILEGALES AND TWO BETTER TRACKS FROM LA BANDA DEL SWING
I had the cassette (yes, cassette) of En Vivo years ago and played it until it wore out. I wanted it again, but couldn't find it on mp3 download so I got this album because most of those songs are on here anyway. I like this album, but some the songs, Me Duele Estar Solo; for example, seem too slow. The beat isn't nearly as fast as it was on the En Vivo album. Still good, but different.UPDATE: I have listened to some of these songs more on youtube and actually, I think they aren't 'too fast'. I guess I just remembered them wrong. I am listening to this album every day. Loving it.
Great recording and interpretations of the composer Manuel Alejandro from Jose Luis Rodriguez. I will recommend to any one that enjoy listening a nice voice.
FRAN REYES is among the best bachateros of Santo Domingo. His musical career goes a long way with many albums and hits to his credit. TE REGALO EL MAR is one of his best sellers and if you're into the Bachata genre, you should get this album.
I've been a fan of Heather Alexander's music for a number of years, and was crushed when I couldn't find this CD to rip it to my mp3 player.  I found "A Gypsy's Home" and "Festival Wind" asmp3 downloads, and quickly downloaded it to my collection.  I've spent many hours singing along with all her music, and own a majority of her albums.
I heard Bjorn for the first time on Pandora. He music impressed me, so I purchased the album 'Beneath Another Sky&#34; with that piece on it. Then another piece from this album was played. I enjoyed it so much, I purchased this album too! These two albums have good rhythm. Then I heard a piece from &#34;Sooth&#34; and purchased this one also. As the title indicates, it has a more relaxing mood to it. So far, I'm pleased with his music!
While the old dancehall heads and some of the `in-betweens' (such as myself even) may maintain that what you here in the dancehall, in terms of production in the last decade or so is completely less than what we heard in the previous two, even the most hardened of them (us) will have to admit there have been some SERIOUS riddims to catch on in the modern era. For whichever of a whole heap of reasons there are dancehall riddims which, born in today's day and age, will make an IMMEDIATE impact when spun in almost any dance or club, locally and internationally across the dancehall and pop-loving world. For example, after all the DAMAGE it caused internationally on the strength of two international dancehall hits and one pop/R&B; hit, it is all but certain that the Diwali riddim is unlikely to ever be forgotten. The same digitalized hype chutney/dancehall composition from Buju Banton's longtime (recently returned) keyboardist Stephen 'Lenky' Marsden's 40/40 Productions literally TOOK OVER when it reached in 2002 and beyond on the backing both Sean Paul's (more on him in a bit) HUGE hit, Get Busy and Wayne Wonder's equally sized piece No Letting Go. It also went stateside for young Lumidee's breakout hit, Uh Oh. The riddim's shelf life has also proven to be quite well, musically speaking, as just last year, ANOTHER big hit was spawned from Kingston sisters and duo Brick & Lace, Love Is Wicked, which was also the name of their much anticipated album (and STILL anticipated if you live in certain countries as it apparently won't be reaching worldwide until next year). Also, while FAR less known than the almighty Diwali altogether, a more recent riddim, the Smash, also has to be considered such a riddim on the strength of one crazily infectious tune which left women dancers (and UNFORTUNATELY quite a few men) all over the world with dizzy headaches as over it Tony `Mentally Ill' Matterhorn delivered what was perhaps the biggest international dance craze since the Macarena with his Dutty Wine. Most people will NEVER know the name of the riddim which it flows over (and fewer even will know that it was built by Supahype Davis and Serani) but to this very day, you're sure to get a HUGE response by spinning in Jamaica or off! You also have riddims such as The Playground riddim (which you'll know of simply by me mentioning the phrase `sim simma!'), the World Jam riddim (which backed Damian Marley's MAMMOTH Welcome to Jamrock) and the re-energized Last War riddim which was brought back servicing Collie Buddz' hit Come Around. All of these Jamaican born riddims within the last few years (with respect to the original version of the Last War riddim) to a decade have touched the international community to the point where almost immediately when they drop, they can be instantly recognized by music fans worldwide.In this particular case here we DEFINITELY have yet another riddim to add to that list, speaking about Troyton Rami's now unforgettable and soon to be CLASSIC Buzz Riddim. The riddim will forever be linked to the label VP Records' decision to suddenly pump some new life into its long running series of the biggest reggae compilation in the world, Reggae Gold, by recording a video for the album's lead single and distributing it internationally, Sean Paul's Gimmi Di Light. The tune was also to be the lead single from Paul's upcoming sophomore album at the time. The tune went on to be the BIGGEST dancehall tune in quite some time and has since served as the basis for Sean Paul's dancehall superstardom and becoming literally the international modern face of dancehall music, despite probably not being amongst the top ten or so regarded acts in Jamaica at the time (although he was and arguably remains one of my favourites despite the backlash of him `crossing over`, due to the fact that at his best the man can just FLOW). While I don't know if it did exactly what it was intended to do (in terms of selling the album, Reggae Gold 2002 which was released around six months before Sean Paul's own album with the tune, Dutty Rock), it certainly took dancehall on an international stage to the next level. The Buzz Riddim, itself, from the aforementioned `Black Shadow' Troyton Rami was actually pretty good as well, at least to my ears. What it was (as are ALL of Rami's productions) was top notch craftsmanship and production. It was POLISHED: The riddim's real strength is definitely in its very defined and detailed vibes which, at times and in the `right' hands can make it downright addictive. Rami's history as a producer, at that time (and certainly now), was pretty good as well; he had been producing on his own for his own Black Shadow for over five years and he had scored a few big riddims and a few big hits with his pieces.  Most notably, to my ears was his KNOCKING Mad Sex riddim (no pun intended) which backed one of my favourite Sean Paul tunes from longtime, S-E-X. And since the Buzz, he probably has scored the biggest with his Surprise riddim which you know from having backed Buju's big hit, Paid Not Played and the Ching Chong riddim as well which did quite of bit of work for Black Shadow locally. The Buzz riddim would actually reach album almost a year prior to Dutty Rock and a half-year even before Reggae Gold 2002 because obviously Rami knew just what he had on his hands and put it out on his own dollar through his Black Shadow label and he has certainly reaped the rewards ever since (he also did the same with his last release, the hypnotic Bad Dog riddim and the Blink riddim and maybe even the Surprise if I recall correctly) having definitely given his Florida based label a `centerpiece' for a very long time to come. The Buzz Riddim album somewhat unearths a well known `secret' as it reveals the other STRONG pieces which went far more under the radar internationally while becoming pretty big hits locally: Bigger even than the uptown superstars effort itself.The Buzz Riddim, as if often the case of riddims which feature a breakout international hit had a situation where by far its most popular tune wasn't its most played or respected locally or even it's best (of course, that's objective). I can recall living in the States at the time of Gimmi Di Light's breaking out and traveling back home CERTAIN I would be overwhelmed by the tune playing only to be turned on to quite a few stronger and locally more popular selections from the riddim. After a mix/medley style brief opening of several of the tunes on the riddim, getting things started on The buzz Riddim album is one of those aforementioned more popular tunes (albeit not stronger), Capleton's I Love To See. The tune actually is one of my least favourites on the buzz altogether for some reason. It just never really struck a vibes with me; Capleton's real strength is rarely appreciated on such a dance heavy type of vibes and he kind of delivers a so-so effort on I Love To See. Next up is a stronger tune than the main attraction here and DEFINITELY the Buzz riddim's most controversial tune altogether, Sizzla Kalonji's now infamous Pump Up. The tune was marked by MANY detractors of the roots legend as the definitive sign that he had indeed lost his righteous ways and turned to the slack style of many of his far more internationally known dancehall peers. Me personally (and I am as PARTIAL as can be towards the artist who is my absolute favourite ever) don't feel that way about the tune. While it isn't my favourite of his catalogue, it has grown and grown on me over the years and if you REALLY listen to the lyrics he really remains true to his righteous, fire-breathing ways and technically speaking, of course he does an excellent job riding the Buzz itself, one of the best actually. And no one ever said that sex couldn't be righteous either. Closing the opening of the Buzz Riddim album is one of the more popular tunes on the riddim and one of the real highlights here because, although it was a hit, I don't know of any other official album which contained the tune, Beenie Man's hit Toy Friend. If you've ever had the opportunity to see the Doctor live (since the tune has reached, that is) you'll know its definitely one of his favourite tunes to sing as well. The tune is so nice because of the unique melody approach Beenie utilizes: As the Buzz hardly ever changes (I don't notice any actually) in its fourteen tracks, it sounds like it does with Beenie singing the addictive chorus on one of his more underrated hits of all time completing the opening for the Buzz riddim very nicely.I don't particularly know why Gimmi Di Light caught on so much as it did (the reason I think is that the world was just SO THIRSTY for some real dancehall), but that's not to deny the strength of the tune at all. Gimmi Di Light isn't one of Sean Paul's best or even better tunes (PROBABLY top fifteen or twenty) but it does show a bit of his very nice skill of delivery and pacing. Definitely it's the tune here which will get the most attention and I don't hate it at all. The tune here which probably DESERVED the most attention, however, is when longtime dancehall bad boy Mad Cobra chimes in with his AIMED gun tune, the WICKED Press Trigger. The Mad Snake put the Buzz through its paces coming as hard as he had done at any point in the surrounding time on a tune which was definitely on his usual more aggressive vibes and a throw back to one of dancehall's real classic artists. If there ever were a clash of ALL dancehall artist and one man was left `standing', I'd put my money on Mad Cobra to be that man and it would be on the strength of tunes like Press Trigger. HUGE TUNE! The big names continue to roll in on the Buzz riddim. Elephant Man checks in (unfortunately) on his Haters Wanna War. I don't like this song very much at all and I never have, its just a song which sounds so freestyled and very far from his best. Longtime former Sean Paul spar Mr. Vegas also checks in with his DECENT effort, A Nuh Di Same (aka Think It Over). The tune (along with several on the Buzz) probably didn't make the Kingston singjay any fans at Outrage, but it was still a pretty solid track at a time when Vegas definitely was making some of the stronger vibes of his career and while it didn't do much damage, I still catch a nice vibes from the tune. And Beenie Man comes back with his second effort on the riddim Gal Dem We Love. This tune isn't on the same level of Toy Friend (and Outrage won't like it either), but it still is SO skillful. Longtime you have to appreciate Beenie as one of the most talented youths Jamaica has EVER produced, take a deep listen to Gal Dem We Love; he won't say anything PROFOUND in nature at all, but the tune is put together so nicely, have to give credit where its due. A few of the lesser known names here, however, actually outshone their more popular counterparts later on the Buzz Riddim album. Check Mr. Easy's ULTRA SMOOTH Don't Test Me. The tune probably ranks as one of the underrated Kingston singer's more popular tunes of his entire career and definitely one of my personal favourites from the artist. Definitely check Don't Test Me out (and still waiting on that album Mr. Easy). The final two vocal tunes on the Buzz Riddim album are actually two of my absolute favourites on the riddim by two of the lesser known names as well. First is the curiously voiced Rekha's BIG Too Close. This tune was a REAL hit for the young Miami based singer and definitely suggested that big things were to come from the wonderful talented. HOWEVER, since then she has actually NEVER RECORDED FOR ANYONE BESIDES BLACK SHADOW (at least not to my knowledge), but has ran a release on nearly each and every one of the label's riddims (she may actually be married or related to Rami). Whichever the case, Too Close is by far the crowning jewel of her teeny tiny string of tracks (and I've never heard a bad tune from Rekha); I just wish she would record more, definitely. And closing things is one of the CRAZIEST roots artists to come across in a LONG time, the hype Jah Thunder with the crazy and at times hilarious Name. Thunder is a long time member of his cousin Capleton's David House camp (along with the continual everyday names such as singer Moses I and the RIDICULOUSLY talented Military Man) who has been behind the scenes for FAR too long actually. Name is a tune breaking down the names of some of the most popular Jamaican artists (and later some of the more popular American artists as well) and exactly what they should do with their famous monikers (LITERALLY). The tune is definitely in jest, however, for some reason Thunder reserves his `harshest' booms for Ninja Man (who didn't give Capleton exactly an easy welcome into the game when he began). Ending the Buzz Riddim album nicely is Jah Thunder who DEFINITELY outdoes his far more well known cousin, King Shango. And there is the obligatory (thankfully) clean version of the Buzz so you can try it at home, the clean riddim is always a nice touch on riddim albums.Overall, while the Buzz is destined to be and to remain one of the most popular riddims of all time, largely based on Sean Paul's and Gimmi Di Light's success, its definitely so much more than just that. While Paul certainly does offer one of the highlights here, for me personally, some of the other songs eclipse Mr. Dutty Rock and really had the `unfortunate' cases of being almost swept under the rug, internationally speaking, because of his success (DEFINITELY not due to Sean Paul himself). But, for that fan who just fell in love with the vibes of Gimmi Di Light and all these years later is STILL in those vibes, the Buzz Riddim album is exactly something you'll love. Older fans, you probably know all of these tunes already and probably own all of them. The dancehall and its fan will never forget Troyton Rami and Black Shadow if they do nothing else for the one big shot spawned by his Buzz riddim; but for those who choose to dig just a little deeper, there remain just as big of gems waiting to be discovered.
Trouz Bras is primarily a dance band that plays the music of Brittany, the Celtic region of France, but the players in the group have a broad background, and this CD reflects that. Bodhran player Mance Grady's contributions are Irish, and the Halls' pieces have an early-music feel reflecting their independent work. Trouz Bras cuts and Ray Price's songs are the heart of the band's identity, I think, which is Breton. The band has appeared live, mainly in New England, in various configurations, mainly for dancers, whom leader Ray Price instructs in the traditional dances of Brittany. An interesting group, in that it is based in America, yet represents a musical tradition almost never heard there. The music is all first rate -- this would be a five-star review but for the lack of a singe focus across the CD. As a sampler, or downloading individual songs to your taste, you're unlikely to go wrong with it.
I was looking for some upbeat salsa and this fit the bill. It's happy music that makes you want to dance.  Love it and recommend if that's what you're looking for.
Good recording and very good artist's interpretation.The sound is a little biased towards the bass and away from treble.Whether that is in the artist's bayan, or recording, or subsequent processing, is unknown.Delivery of the CD &#34;image&#34; was flawless.
I wish I could've reviewed this album prior to hearing the rest of her music. I am a pretty big Patricia Vonne fan. That said, her first album is pretty reflective of all her albums----a mixture of influences including beautifully sung Spanish tunes, driving Austin rock, pounding drums and guitar reverb, and the occasional country nod. While not quite as memorable as Guitars & Castanets which has a better sound production, it's a close second because of the sheer number of good songs. As usual, her Spanish ballads are top notch and Soledad and Severina are outstanding examples. In fact, I don't feel there's a song on the effort that I would skip over which is pretty rare these days. Ultimately, like the bands Texas and Alejandro Escovedo, I'm predicting that Patricia Vonne will never get the broad success that reflects her talent because of where she falls in the musical genres that she excels at.  Regardless, Patrica Vonne's self titled debut album is worth having regardless if you are a rabid fan of hers or just a listener with an appreciation of a talented singer/songwriter.
Vonne's spanish-stained, rock-out tunes are a pitch-perfect blend of sound, temperament and cultures.  I really appreciate  the depth of her voice, especially in those Spanish ballads. Soledad being my fav. Good mood music for road-tripping&#8230; like when driving off from a bad relationship ;0)
Took me a while to find this album. It has a song that I first heard in the movieBellyIt's full of that funky dance hall stuff that reminds me of summer.
A great collection for fans of Djembes and West African drumming. A number of traditional rhythms are rendered with great gusto and aplomb by this American group. If you're not hardcore into drumming, be warned that there are almost no vocals, and the occasional flutes are low enough in the mix to serve only as seasoning for the groove. Should appeal to drum circle geeks and fans of rhythm heroes like Babatundi Olatunji.
Most jazz accordionists seem to be stuck in 1940; very square rhythmically and harmonically. Victor's compositions, playing and his wonderful trio put him at the head of his class, even if there are precious few in the class!  He plays with plenty of space (thank you!) and he steers clear of the usual barrage of "Lawrence Welk notes".  Bravo!
Este disco sigue la tendencia de Luis de hacer m&uacute;sica que fusione los ritmos folcloricos de la isla Rep&uacute;blica Dominicana con el Rock de los 60 y 70. Parecer&iacute;a que mientras m&aacute;s avanza la carrera de Luis mas dificil se le hace grabar en un buen estudio pues la calidad del sonido es mediocre. Sin embargo, todos los que seguimos atentos a lo que hace luis ya estamos acostumbrados y ser&aacute; una sorpresa el d&iacute;a en que un disco de el suene como deber&iacute;a. En cuanto a la m&uacute;sica este disco est&aacute; repleto de melod&iacute;as memorables, lirica 'folk-surrealista' y canto incomparable & &uacute;nico. Sin duda una joya del underground caribe&ntilde;o.
Most people do not even know about them. I got a few songs for free and decided I like them a lot. I am buying the rest. It is music you will want to sing and dance to! They are into it and it is true.
This compilation does a good job at putting together the music that is being produced in the city of Salvador, Bahia, Brazil for the last 25-30 years. It includes major names such as Gilberto Gil and Caetano Veloso along with less known, but perhaps equally creative artists -- for instance, Jauperi and Lazzo. In general, this CD will provide you with a very interesting and enjoyable listening, my only reservation is that it tries to enlist an all-encompassing selection and stretches that concept to a point where it no longer makes sense. For example, there are some tunes that can be easily identified as MPB (the mainstream, high-quality Brazilian Popular Music) along with others that are more likely to be qualified as wildly experimental music -- and you go from one extreme to the other without any warning.
Description from Ms Javan's site:In this recent collection of hauntingly beautiful love songs, Minoo Javan sings in Persian, accompanied by Piano and Orchestra. The exquisite poetry of Eghbal Lahore, Malek-El Shoara Bahar, Nosrat Rahmani, Forough Farokhzad, Hateff, Shaikh Araghi, Shaikh Bahaii and Vahshi Bafghi has been set to the moving music of Iraj Golesorkhi and some Old Persian songs.---This album has much of the appeal and intimacy of her Persian Folk Songs album, which is my favorite.  Since I have the MP3 version of the album, I lack the translations of the songs, but a wistful and melancholy mood predominates, with the exception of joyous (but also eerie) &#34;Bird of Dawn&#34; and &#34;Dance of Life.&#34;  My only reservation is that on some of the tracks (for example, &#34;At the Corner of His Street&#34;) there is synth accompaniment that detracts from the magic space of Ms. Javan's voice (in this listener's opinion).  But the singing itself does not disappoint.
Good Irish Pub music, what more could you ask for. Mp3 very easily downloaded via the Amazon cloud.Would recommend.
Very accomplished guitarist.  I had never heard of him before a friend traveled to Spain and heard him perform there.  On his recommendation I bought the recording and was very pleased both because of his technical ability and for his musicality.  Really nice album of modern flamenco music.
I bought this Practice session long ago on an audio cassette.The idea was to play it on a stereo player.  On one speaker you hear just the music and on the other you hear justJudy Niemack's voice.  So when you want to practice improvising, you turn down Judy's voice and YOU sing with the music,or you lower the volume a bit on Judy's voice and sing over hers, and work on your scat/improvisation.So dont know if the CD format can be used the same way.  I am hoping so, but I haven't been able to try it out on astereo unit yet, so I don't know if it will work.  I loved it in tape format for all the reasons mentioned above.When I purchased this CD format, I couldn't find any instructions on how to use it properly as a Practice Session.FLASH- I just found out you can drop Judy's songs one by one into a "GarageBand" New Project and with the Pan buttonmanipulate things so you can "pan" from one "speaker" to the other.  So YES the CD is in stereo format.
He received a world award for best harmonica player. This is however not his best album.The music genre is "Rija Betsileo" form Fianarantsoa, Madagascar.
Gotou Izumi, the eccentric lead of Nekomushi, has put together an interesting album.  It's bare of any accompaniment, just her singing to her accordian.  With her skilled playing and sweet little girl voice, she's made an album that leaves me totally unsettled and not really able to pin down why.  Maybe the cover art can explain it best.  Gotou-san's little-girl voice really does evoke the image of a creepy little doll.The opening song is probably the strongest as far the actual music goes--the melody is incredibly complex and engaging.  You can hear the clicking of the accordian keys, which just adds to the mood.  The rest of the songs are good as well, but they can go on a bit too long at times, and they kinda sound the same.  The mood is the strongest thing going for I Am a Piteous Accordionist, so I don't recommend cherry-picking--I don't think you'll get the effect Gotou-san was going for.  But if you have to, Summer Night's Love is good, and Elysian Bone Yard is really, really creepy.  Young Girl's Love is also good, and it's a little cuter and less freaky.In short:  If you're looking for dark, unsettling music from a musician not afraid to be out there, Gotou-san is your girl.
Having just returned from Kenya, I wanted to hear African music. The CD contains backgrounds sounds of animals that we may have seen on our trip, especially birds. There are sounds of larger mammals as well. An enjoyable getaway!
Great music! Very authentic and engaging. However, if you're looking for some washed-out version of North African music for western ears, with lots of studio effects and electronica / dance bases, this might not be for you.
If you're into Flamenco, you'll enjoy this album.Granted, for the 'Flamenco Purists' out there, some of the tracks on here break-away from Tradition; but this album includes a nice selection of the different 'palos' within Flamenco you'd expect (Tangos, Tarantas, Rumba, etc).The only tracks I didn't enjoy very much were the last 2 (Solea con Roberto Zamora; Saudade con Anabella Zoch).I enjoyed the guitar playing on the Solea, but I didn't really enjoy the cante... it felt al little forced and 'fue compas'.As for the Anabella Zoch track.. although it was sung well and the melody was pleasant; it felt like it belonged on a different album.Daniel Fries is a beast though... I wish my Tremolo sounded as good as his!Thanks!A
two songs really shines on this album: &#34;Let the light shine on me&#34; and &#34;Ina dis ya time&#34;. both will make the hair on the backs of necks stand up as the lyrics speak to the soul of true Reggae aficionados. Worth the money.
Another entry in the "only the good die young" registry, this is HIlton's last CD before he died at the age of 54. This CD is the soundtrack to a documentary "Steppin' With T.P. -- The New York Sound." (Please note, I may have the name wrong: I haven't succeeded in tracking this video down yet.) I believe the video is a combination Hilton Ruiz bio combined with a homage to T.P. (Tito Puente, "El Rey" of latin music.)This set is a mix of styles with a core of 4 mambos that really cook. The feel is laid back. From video evidence, it looks like a live studio recording, some of which may have been captured in the above mentioned video.A special treat is the uncredited contribution of Antonio Hart, a great sax man, especially on alto.This collection is pleasant enough, however, I suspect the video would provide a context that would make it even more enjoyable.So, if any of you know about how to get hold of it, perhaps you could post a comment. In the meantime, this collection will provide you with wonderful memories of a great artist.
He is a great vibraphonist and I like this cd and the tunes.  I feel that he rushes thru them a little, which is why I eft the 5th star off, but, it is really hard to find solo vibraphone cd's, this one is well worth hearing, and,  he really does play very good.
Let me start by saying that Cas Haley is, in my humble opinion, a musical artist of the highest caliber. Great voice and honest style. I don't watch much TV so I never saw him before I stumbled on his music on YouTube. After listening to his solo stuff at the BING Lounge I became a huge fan. I have to say, when I purchased this album I was surprised. I like it, and rated it 4 stars, but in truth I think the Solo guitar only (I'll say original though I don't know that's true), were much better tunes to me.Some of the CD versions ... Release me for instance, had the same style, but the beginning tempo and brass instruments created an entirely different song (story). Same thing with "Slow Down". This became one of my favorite songs of all time when I heard Cas sing his live version, but when the song came out on CD...it was entirely different and kinda lost me.Many of the songs keep their originality so buy the CD, but if Cas Haley ever puts out a studio version of just him and his guitar.....I'll be the first in line. I appreciate the hard work and talent that surrounds him in his CD's, but he has a unique voice that needs to stand alone or it loses something.
I bought this for my husband who had been looking for it since Cas came in 2nd last year. The music is wonderful! The songs are upbeat and fun!This is an amazing young man and I hope we hear more from him!
I dont agree at all with the customer who wrote Cas should break out his box and do something other then reggae. Cas and his band woodbelly have been around before "americas got talent" wich is just another stupid idol wannabe tv show.Anyway Cas's style is reggae and i think he should stick with it. He rocks. His voice is solid and the acoustic roots vibe is very chill.Keep rockin cas.
I am new to this genre of music but was drawn in by his vocal talent. Absolute best cover of " walking on the moon".
Great voice, great album, but it didnt have his over the rainbow version on it, which was a bit of a disapointment, and the only reason i've given it 4 stars and not five.
The band says:"Anatomy of a Coup" is a compulsive and moving recoriding based on a journey through political upheaval in Africa, Asia, South America and the Caribbean.The album has been described as 'a hidden jewel' and a 'more accessible version of Sigur Ros [with] soft, beautiful subtleties' (WCUR 91.7 FM); 'beautiful stuff [and] fascinating and gorgeous music' (WLUR 91.5 FM); and '[an] independent, contemporary expression, against the background of awareness of change and social struggles... which can save world music from dying out by bringing new life to it' (Radio Centraal, Belgium).The second album by guitarist Sacha Silva with multi-instrumentalist Andrew Morgan and vocalist Munya B, the CD is a unique blend of flamenco, Indian classical and modern music, with lyrics sung in Hindi and Bengali."Anatomy of a Coup" represents a new kind of world music: one which respects the cultural origins of melodies and rhythms while endlessly combining and recombining them to create new shapes and ideas; one which speaks to a new generation of global wanderers, travelers, immigrants, expats and half-breeds.The CD, recorded in southern Spain and the UK, is a bold follow-up to the trio's debut "Susurro",
This is Ely Guerra live, with great sound you can hear her words vividly through each track. It is unfortunate that it is only very few songs that are unplugged, but nevertheless, some of her most influential canciones.
The Perfume Tree song here is listed incorrectly.  The song in the movie "Weirdsville" and the song available for download here is actually "Blue Stars" off the CD "A Lifetime Away", NOT "Uneasy" as is listed in the track listing.
(4.5stars)Somewhere, probably not too far from here, classic reggae singer Cocoa Tea is probably laying around his house or somewhere singing the sweetest song ears have ever heard and whoever is in the vicinity is almost surely begging him to keep singing. Although often criticized (particularly earlier in his career) for not exactly having top notch lyrical ability, Cocoa Tea is amongst a group of fine reggae singers who specialize in a brand of reggae which tourists and locals alike have been singing to and making babies to for decades. The ULTRA-easy and laid back tropical vibes, although not necessarily popular in terms of modern tastes and styles has (along with Bob Marley's music of course) become the signature sound of reggae music all over the world. The visual stereotype is the tall and slim dreadlocked Rastaman singing songs about the love of his life on a beach somewhere with a guitar. While, undoubtedly that character, throughout time and time has been overused (its not like that anymore, about the farthest thing from Vybz Kartel and Aidonia on the planet) and overused, one could make the argument (and I shall) that it continues to be a big part of the international perception of reggae music. While the music itself has drifted and continues to drift further and further away from that style of vibes, every once in awhile, be it in song, be it in riddim or be it in a complete artist or album on the international scale, it makes a return and it can do so with downright ASTONISHING results. Besides the aforementioned Clarendonian Cocoa Tea, without a doubt the greatest sweet lover's rock singing mainstay has been Beres Hammond. I don't care if you don't like reggae. I don't care if you like death metal or some other type of vibe SOOOOOOOOO far away from reggae: If you can't appreciate something about Beres Hammond's vibes then you have a problem! His music almost transcends musical tastes (in much the same way the music of an artist such as Stevie Wonder does as well). Beres Hammond, Cocoa Tea, Sanchez, Half Pint, the late Tyrone Taylor (especially Taylor) and even to a degree in the more modern landscape, Wayne Wonder have all employed the style over the years to wonderful uses and ANY newborn Jamaican baby (perhaps even myself almost twenty-seven years ago) is a potential testament to their shocking affect on the people (Wayne Wonder would, perhaps, be the best example of the new school of lover's rock singers, picture that same Rastaman singing on the beach and clapping to the Diwali riddim same way)! And as I said, sometimes the vibes just creep back into the scene and can tend to do so BEAUTIFULLY.Meet BEAUTIFULLY: Exhibit A. Trying to rack my brain of the various big time lover's riddims in recent time and I'm almost immediately drawn to the work of dancehall ace producer - turned REGGAE ace producer Don Corleone. How one man can virtually build and strengthen the careers of dancehall lyrics demon Vybz Kartel on one hand and then just a few brief years later do the same for dancehall songbird, the angelic Alaine is a mystery to me and a MONUMENTAL testimony to the producer's genius (and make no mention of his constant work with not only other reggae artists, but artists in the more mainstream genres as well). Several of Corleone's riddims have produced wonderful lover's material and he has even voiced Hammond himself. Worth mentioning are the dominant Drop-Leaf riddim and its two younger siblings the Seasons (check Alaine's too sweet No Ordinary Love) and the Heavenly riddim (check Alaine's riddim title track as well as the biggest tune on the riddim, Richie Spice's sublime Brown Skin) (and I'll also go to recommend tracking down his current piece, the ridiculously lovely Secrets Riddim over which Alaine has the divine Love of a Lifetime). And while the typically dancehall focused production duo of established Jamaican radio personalities Troy McLean and Garfield Hamilton (who together comprise First Name Music, who produces our piece here) definitely have quite a ways to go before being recognized to the degree of Corleone (in terms of production that is), with the material already under their belt they have already established themselves as top notch producers. With pieces like the ell POWERFUL Threat Riddim (which, to my memory didn't birth any TRULY big hits, but may have been one of the all-around most solid dancehall riddims of the past decade and one of my personal favourites, the bouncy Energy riddim, to their credit, you wouldn't think it likely for them to come forth with one of the most effective and downright lovely lover's riddims I have EVER heard, but in the All Stars Riddim, that is EXACTLY what they have done.  The riddim reverts back to the more laid back and just crazily beautiful vibes which reggae music can produce and while Beres Hammond, Cocoa Tea and Half Pint are nowhere to be found on the roster of artists so fortunate enough to voice the All Stars (although Wayne Wonder does check in), I'm quite sure that both singers would be (and probably are) more than satisfied with the vibes. The people who are here, however, definitely do a strong job for the All Stars. In a riddim it is often the most important work of a producer (besides actually producing the riddim itself) to choose the `correct' group of artists to ride their riddims. Its safe to say that you won't see names such as Bounty Killer, Aidonia, Vybz Kartel or Busy Signal anywhere near the All Star; instead we're treated to some of the other bigger names who are capable of riding the syrupy sweet riddim to prime effect as well as one or two lesser known lights in the business, who also score to a very nice degree.The All Stars riddim becomes the fifth First Name Music riddim album release (to my knowledge) after they twice checked in on Greensleeves' Rhythm Album Series (first with a combination of the Energy alongside the Herbalist riddims and then again with the aforementioned Threat riddim) and twice for VP's famed Riddim Driven Series with the very sleek and detailed Career Riddim and back again with the bouncy First Prize riddim, but now they handle the duties themselves with the All Stars. The piano heavy showcased All Stars riddim is one which, should you match the vibes between artists and riddim properly, almost HELPS the artist shine to an infallible degree. First up to shine is UK veteran singer (who also voiced the Drop Lead) and virtual reggae household name, Maxi Priest with Falling For You. Falling For You (like most of what you'll hear here) is downright STUNNING and one the All Stars' absolute finest pieces altogether. I always wish that Priest would take a more pronounced role in reggae (in terms of recording) and voice more and more often, but if I'm willing to wait six months or so between releases if they're of the standards of Falling For You definitely! Stepping in next is the first of several of his kind Rik Rok. McLean and Hamilton have apparently had quite a longstanding relationship with Big Yard Music (Shaggy's label) as the label's oft-engineer/producer Christopher Birch has built riddims in the past for the duo (most notably, the First Prize) and Rik Rok is the first (of three) official Big Yard artist to check in on the riddim (Kiprich and Tony Gold (sans brother Brian) also chime in) with his well enough You're My Lady. I'm not particularly a fan of Rok's but definitely have to give him his credit; as a solo artist, You're My Lady may be the single best tune I have EVER heard from the Englishman. Finishing the opening for the All Stars riddim album is the Morgan Heritage Crew with the well strong Crossroads. I am not the biggest of Morgan Heritage fans either, but, again, I have to give credit where it's due. While I don't consider Crossroads amongst the upper echelon of tunes of the All Stars it standing alone as a tune for Morgan Heritage is definitely a nice tune and one about a very relatable subject: Reaching the `crossroads' in a relationship and the tune also has a very old-school r&b; style in the vibes, which is a very nice touch here.Immediately after Morgan Heritage pass their crossroads, one of my favourites does check in and does so with the single STRONGEST tune on the riddim altogether, Jah Cure with the MASSIVE (Good Morning) Sunshine. I can almost assure you that BABIES HAVE BEEN MADE to Sunshine! The tune is yet another in an ever lengthening string of tunes which speak to the effectiveness of the ridiculously martian voiced Mobay native as a lover's rock singer. Someday you may see Cure actually take Hammond's role as the planet's dominant lover's rock reggae singer (and I'm sure Hammond would have no problem with an older and more mature version of his former prot&eacute;g&eacute; taking his position in the vibes). Big Big tune! The first of three ladies on the riddim (and definitely the biggest name), surprisingly undisputed Empress of the Dancehall Lady Saw, checks in with the very fine Silly Dream a tune about putting one's hopes and dreams into an ultimately failed relationship. Saw employs a nearly complete singing style which DEFINITELY impresses and one which is usually reserved for those country songs she just loves singing for some reason (I mean the woman REALLY sings and sounds GOOD!). And while I'm not hoping she trades in her Djaying days for the singing, I definitely wouldn't mind hearing more of such material from Mama Saw in the future showing her talent in her elder days to be nearly endless. Pop/Dancehall Princess Tami Chynn is the next of the fairer sex to have a go at the All Stars and she, arguably, tops the Empress herself with her downright divine and sickly sweet Be With You. The All Stars is much more on Chynn's style of vibes than Saw's but, surely take nothing away from the young artist for laying one of the All Stars finest pieces overall. The last female taking her shot here is one of my lesser known personal favourites, veteran singjay and Flames and Penthouse product Sweet C. The C should stand for COMFORTABLE, as Sweet C' style of vibes has always been so comforting and just cool and CLEVER (definitely clever) and she rides the All Stars almost perfectly with her very clever One Way, one of the riddim's finest offerings and a real nice addition from First Name. The tune is just smartness in action, laced with startling innuendos, just a very nice tune which keeps the listeners on their toes (and apparently Sweet C's man too). Other very impressive standouts on the All Stars include, OF COURSE, Wayne Wonder's very strong and perhaps riddim summarizing, TAKE IT EASY. The tune was actually so fortunate to have made it to Wonder's VP album, the solid Foreva, from 2007 and was one of the more impressive tunes there as well. You can listen to the riddim independently of vocals (more on that in a bit) and then just see the name -Wayne Wonder- and know that the results will be top notch as Wonder urges his woman to take it easy for she's already won his affections. And! As if that weren't enough to get my own attentions, First Name also throws in late in the album one of my personal current favourites, the brilliant Lutan Fyah with his offering, So In Love. While the love song hasn't typically been the absolute strength of Fyah's style (he specializing in dropping some of the most INTELLIGENT roots pieces the genre has EVER heard), the tune is still quite impressive and it shows a more melodic style to his vibes as he has been criticized as being somewhat `mechanical' in the past (although, for my opinion, if you're giving that much KNOWLEDGE in your lyrics, I'm willing to somewhat submit the melodies). The All Stars riddim album closes with the All Stars riddim itself as First Name includes a clean version of the riddim (so you can see how you might sound over it), which is always a nice touch. The famed Riddim Twins, Sly & Robbie play on the riddim as does (creator of the aforementioned Diwali and Buju Banton's keyboardist) Lenky and I would suggest you listen to it first. On its own, its just a lovely lovely composition.And in case you're wondering (and you are) Beenie Man's tune She's My Girl is actually a combination with Rik Rok returning and is a nice combination with Rok proving himself again to be a solid partner in vibes in combination style tunes.Overall, I have to virtually recommend the All Stars for All Fans no matter what stage you may be in, in terms of vibing reggae music. It would also (MAYBE, but I don't know if you'll be able to appreciate an entire riddim album with the tunes being on the same backing) look quite nice in the players of R&B; fans as well. I don't have ANY tangible complaints with to make with the All Stars riddim AT ALL (for me to give it 5 stars, the only thing missing would be the level of the vibes changing; changing the riddim up just a bit on riddim albums is always a VERY nice touch, just ask Lenky). I would, however, have loved to see Cocoa Tea and Beres Hammond (both of whom are very selective about for whom they voice these days, if not for themselves) and maybe even an artist such as Queen Ifrica as well. But, for what it is, there can be no denying: The All Stars Riddim is one of the strongest lover's rock riddim I have heard in a decade.
We were looking for some background music for a DVD of our two hours of pictures and film clips from a safari in Tanzania. This was perfect.
Perhaps even more so in reggae than in any other form of music, for an artist to maintain a ridiculously prolific recording schedule (to the point of being over active) is often rewarded. Reggae music and it's fans have traditionally had and still have an attitude of `out of sight, out of mind' for an active artist in particular, activity is almost as paramount as actually scoring big hits. Here in Jamaica, on the local scene, you get new tunes from artists at a torrid pace which nearly ALL receive some modicum of success (speaking strictly of the artists at the top of the game) from fans who are as equally appreciative as they are demanding of NEW vibes from their favourite artists (the same concept would explain why you have discussions in 2007 about Comeback Artist of the Year including names such as Anthony B and Mr. Vegas, just because both may have taken a couple of months off along the way). On the international scale activity is reflected through new albums and touring and this is evident by any trip you might take to your local reggae music store and notice how many albums you'll see on the shelves from Sizzla, Anthony B, Luciano, Turbulence, Jah Mason, Capleton, Beenie Man and the list goes on and on (in a couple of years I'll add Lutan Fyah and Natural Black to that list) of artists who maintain (or used to maintain) ultra active album release schedules. The concept of the `new' album from a specific artist can really get lost on reggae music as at any given time during any given year, such an artist may have more than one album out less than a couple of months old. In other musical forms it is often the process of building albums through material recorded specifically, where, in reggae it is the exact opposite. Most modern reggae albums are compilations (albeit some of them VERY new compilations) with new material thrown in, thus, the ridiculous nature of some of these artists' album catalogues is even more impressive when you consider how the album was thrown together as a mix of songs for a given specific producer who then takes the music and tries to sell it to a label for distribution and for the very active artists, this occurs quite a few times a year. I've found that non fans of reggae and even newer fans to the vibes are either downright confused by this or just do not like the practice at all. I've even heard longtime fans and people whose opinions I respect on the topic speaking of the ills of such schedules and the possibility of over-saturation for an artist when he/she may have albums virtually competing with each other for the attention, but did I mention that being over active has it rewards?A reggae act who would certainly Overstand those rewards would be (Vaughn Benjamin) Midnite Band, the largest and most well known band from out of the Virgin Islands. Over the past few years Midnite (again, by `Midnite' I mean Vaughn Benjamin) has set a level of releasing albums virtually unseen by even their Jamaican counterparts, making the artist somewhat of a `roaming label' as seemingly anytime they feel like having an album (or a book) Vaughn Benjamin, the group's lead singer and songwriter can make it happen on any of the five or so constant labels he voices for consistently (and as each year goes by, he seems to add another or two). And while I'll spare you the details of exactly what they (he) did in 2007 (but you can feel free to look at my review for Infinite Quality for that), Midnite even changed the game by their own standards. `Typically' (if you can call it typical) Midnite will release two or three albums in the early months of the year and two or three over the balance of the year. They have fans extending ALL OVER the world and their albums, in terms of reggae music, tend to sale quite well: One of the few rewards for such a schedule and definitely the same could be said for their Jamaican counterparts as well. Now you can imagine that when keeping such schedules in recording there are probably about a dozen producers and labels out there with material loaded and ready to go from Midnite which has yet to reach their release dates and some will almost inevitably fall through the cracks for one reason or another and may never be released. In Jamaican reggae, the concept of the `lost recordings' is strictly meant for the elder and far less active artists (I believe the last new one which I saw was a Junior Reid release) and you have undoubtedly seen (and probably bought) `new' albums full of seemingly lost and forgotten tunes form a given artist. I remember an odd Sizzla release from just a few years ago by the name of Stay Focus which had been full of tunes the artist had voiced for his former label Xterminator which hadn't seen the light of day in the label's heyday. Midnite, however, has chosen a different route (unsurprisingly) by releasing a complete `lost' album of songs which originated close to the start of the group's prime back a few years back when they were based in Washington D.C. in the States.  Kayamagan has been hyped as an album which is full of tunes recorded at the same time as their very popular Unpolished and Ras Mek Peace albums in DC for established Jamaican born engineer/producer/artist Desmond Williams. Williams originally came to prominence by virtue of his serving an apprenticeship with the legendary Scientist and really becoming a prot&eacute;g&eacute; to the dub genius. Williams' long line of associations now receives what is arguably the crowning jewel of them all with an album which has been as ODDLY talked about as the man who voiced it. Kayamagan is a very interesting trip back in time to a Vaughn Benjamin who wasn't as yet as `mystical' as he is now. The album shows a hidden immediate predecessor to the ultra brilliant, ultra cryptic and ultra busy Vaughn Benjamin who now roams the earth spreading his bottomless vibes and knowledge in his music.I actually heard about the coming of Kayamagan around the end of 2007 when it was mentioned that early in the new year Midnite would be releasing a `lost' album and doing so through one of their `lost' labels, Rastafaria. The New York based label was one of the very first few to begin releasing the group's music along with (Midnite's own label) the Afrikan Roots Lab imprint. Albums such as Unpolished, Intense Pressure and Scheme A Things all came through Rastafaria earlier in the century and all were quite well received. Kayamagan doesn't disappoint on those expectations at all as Desmond Williams and Vaughn Benjamin work together quite well together. It is EASILY foreseeable that someone who served their apprenticeship under the Scientist (himself, at times, known for his cryptic ways) would vibe quite well with Benjamin, but Williams style is, for the most part, much more straight forward. Kayamagan gets started with a very strong group of tunes which include the album's absolute strongest piece as well. First up is Burning Fire which more than adequately sets Kayamagan off on the right foot. It is VERY evident from the very first bit of the tune that one of Williams' greatest influences is definitely Bob Marley (and it is a consistent style of vibes which appears throughout the album) and its definitely always interesting to hear Benjamin on a much more traditional style of vibes. For his part, this younger version of Vaughn Benjamin comes off as a bit more jovial and dynamic than the well traveled and equally well versed version which we have today (although he certainly had a bit of that at the time of this recording as well, which comes later). Burning Fire is just a lovely song! As is his style still today, Benjamin seems to almost force the riddim to play to HIS vibes instead of the other way around and he does an excellent job with the fine composition by Williams. The song also presents his still present free-flowing style as there is a stretch later in the tune where Benjamin just changes the pace completely and seems to flow from his head top in one of the more memorable portions of the tune. Following Burning Fire is Kayamagan's strongest effort I Chant. Its quite interesting that I'm always wanting for Benjamin to record something more `normal' in his vibes, but the one time where he, arguably, comes closest to the vibes he has today, I am most impressed on Kayamagan.  I Chant is just LARGE! The song just makes one feel good being of Afrikan descent as Benjamin utters the lovely chant, "I saw a Black Lion walking out of the sun. He was a dreadlock one." Reggae music is absolutely brimming with well talented wordsmiths of all varieties, but I don't know if there is any other lyricist in the vibes who could produce such a memorable line. Benjamin shines all the way through one of the most simple of Williams' riddims producing something well within the vibes his vibes his fans are used to and in the process further reveals his quiet but ultra apparent genius. Kayamagan's opening concludes with the very straight forward Repatriation Song. Built over a fairly normal, even `tropical' sounding one drop riddim (which really flourishes the second the horns are added). Repatriation Song is a very laid back vibes but one which you really NEED to pay attention to the lyrics to enjoy and receive at its best (the same could be said for all of Benjamin's music).Of the many unique things that you could use to characterize the musical style of Vaughn Benjamin, definitely the one which I tend to appreciate most is his overall knowledge. Never the one to make music merely for the sake of making music (which is saying a lot when you consider his prolificacy), one could receive a virtual history lesson just rummaging through the old pieces of Midnite. This is probably most evident on the scathingly WICKED The Trixter which I would swear came out of the ranks of Midnite 2008 as opposed to 2003. The Trixter carries a more typical Midnite vibe but Benjamin allows himself to be directed more by the riddim instead of, as is his norm, the other way around. The second verse just starts the knowledge flowing like lava as Benjamin rather calmly comes forth with a HUGE shot. For his part, Williams builds a very nice and complex riddim, the highlight of which is a very soft piano which directs the riddim to the point where it disappears for quite a while. Similarly, there is Scarface. The tune even further shows Williams' Bob Marley influence as the start of the song mirrors the segment guitar riff start of Stir It Up from the Reggae King. Scarface draws on so many vibes for the lyrics and it was the first song on the album where I caught myself doing what I usually do when I listen to Benjamin in rewinding the song just to catch EXACTLY what he says at a point. On the first solid verse in the  tune he poses so many precise and poignant questions which, in my opinion, at the end of the tune carries a message to watch those around you, watch their actions and don't do so suspecting, but watch their actions and it may reveal more of a person than just talking to them or just the perception of them. BRILLIANT! While throughout Kayamagan you'll definitely see a bit of Marley in Desmond Williams' production, you'll also (wonderfully) see the effect of The Scientist. This appears probably best on the strong tune Jah I. This tune flows over a composition which carries a very heavy bass line, one which would sound completely serving as the foundation for a dub track definitely. I wouldn't even call the tune Jah I one of Kayamagan's best efforts, but its certainly interesting seeing the many variants which go on to make up not only Benjamin's style (and I am STILL searching for the father of his style if it isn't Benjamin himself) (and it is) but Williams' as well. I'd also recommend checking Resilient Race (speaking Marley vibes again) which is another tune where you really need to concentrate on the lyrics of the tune to really enjoy the vibes. The tune speaks to the overall strength and resiliency of people of Afrikan descent on a really powerfully brilliant track. Her Clock is another very powerful tune as well. The song is a rare one which is more obtrusively speaks to the Black woman. The subject isn't a rare one for Benjamin, but, as on most things, he usually takes the song in a direction which requires the listener to tie things together for themselves. Her Clock is a tune speaking directly on the subject and even more importantly, speaking directly to the men who may be ignoring the strength of `Her Clock'. After a very nice tune in A Cool Veranda Kayamagan ends with Unrehearsed, another of the album's real highlights and definitely a nice way to end the show.Overall, even though it is a new year, things haven't changed much for Midnite. Thus, while I am fully recommending Kayamagan to fans of Midnite (and even though it is from an older time, I think this one is still STRICTLY for those who are already fans), if you don't already know, its already the group's (Benjamin's) second album of 2008 (after the typically cryptic Maschaana from Natural Vibes). This one, however, comes with a very much `collector's item' feel to it. Musically, it's a slightly older take on Vaughn Benjamin's proven winning form and it definitely won't disappoint the staunchest of Midnite fans. It also speaks to the power of the producer Desmond Williams as he shines just as highly as Benjamin does throughout. Hopefully, sometimes during his seemingly endless `have vibes, will travel' phase; Vaughn Benjamin makes it back to Washington DC for the follow-up to one of the more interesting Midnite albums in awhile.
I have been a fan of Amanat Ali Khan's songs since I was little.  They mean a even more sentimental to me now then ever.  "Insha Jee Utho" being my number one favourite song of all time...My only wish that there were more collections of songs sung by him.
I purchased the MP3 download after listening to the Amazon preview and watching the youtube video of Colleen as suggested by another reviewer.I had been listening to some later day James Brown and some Al Green and this is just as funky and in some ways perhaps better, although you can detect the influences of the aforementioned artists in this offering.I like all the tracks.  The only one that doesn't quite seem to fit is the 1st, Brukpocket's Lament, otherwise I'd probably give the album a five.I let a friend listen to it and he exclaimed "This is what I wish Beck consisently sounded like!"As others have noted, this little gem hasn't seemed to get much notice, but if you like a little funk it is well worth a spin.
I purchased 'The House That Dirt Built' and loved the album so I decided to give this a try. This album didn't pull me in as much but I would still recommend it to anyone who likes the funk/rock sound.
La cancion Charagua que sale aqui no es de Bolivia es de Victor Jara de Chile, aqui dice Charagua manta es un error...gracias
I got this basically for Oxygene Part 2 since it was used in the movie Gallipoli; but the rest is recognizable if you like the New Age genre.
The Red Army Choir is back on the scene, with techno? This I've got to hear. The first track, is really good as it combines parts of Katyusha, and Kalinka. It is a mixing of there greatest hits into one.The others I was more disappointed in.
While I write, I listen to music that inspires, that sets a certain tone. I'm working on a Soviet era novel and have enjoyed typing to this album for hours.
This CD is for true fans of underground ska/punkThis was made years back and from what NO Cash even saidwould seemingly be impossible to findamazing Cd
I heard this group on the radio ad for a global music fest and had to purchase it. It is a fun CD for listening.
I imagine somewhere in Martinique right now there is an artist by the name of Sal to whom, more or less, I owe credit alone for starting my supreme interest in reggae coming from France and the French West Indies. I had heard other artists before surely, but none had produced the type of interest which I ultimately took up after having enjoyed Sal's vibes to the point where suddenly, the entire subgenre began to interest me. In a couple of years I imagine that I might be saying the same thing about venerable British singer Lloyd Brown doing for me for British reggae what Sal did for me in terms of French reggae. Late last year I was fortunate enough to come across Brown's most recent album, the well solid Silver (in celebration of his 10th album), and since then I've taken such a far greater interest in  the vibes coming from the UK. Previously, my only consistent experience with the music from the area came in the form of wicked singer Bitty McLean who (courtesy of VP Records' constantly and BRILLIANTLY adding him to their compilations) came to attention with vibes so sweet they harkened back to a seemingly and unfortunately forgotten era of Jamaican lover's rock reggae. While Bitty McLean definitely made a fan for life in me by virtue of those songs, for some reason or another, while I definitely made the connection between him and UK reggae, I never felt the interest to go digging a little deeper and further `discover' the names such as Lloyd Brown, Peter Hunnigale and Peter Spence, who, although familiar names to me at the time, I had yet to REALLY dig beneath the surface to learn about. What was it about Brown? Undoubtedly it was the element of cultural material he spiced into his vibes apart from the crisp and classic lover's rock vibe which is what I expected going in (since then I've learned that only certain artists do that, while Lloyd Brown and the wicked Peter Spence definitely have a STRONG cultural vibes in their music, Hunnigale and McLean tend to focus primarily on the lover's rock). The first name I began to take an interest was definitely that of Peter Spence who, by virtue of having a forthcoming album (which goes by the name of Strength and is so `strong' I fully expect it to be somewhere on my list of 2008's best reggae albums in December) which I sought out, immediately grabbed my attention with a style (of vibes, not vocally) similar to Brown's and were you to ask me my favourite current UK reggae singers, number one would be Brown and number two would be a tie between McLean and Spence definitely!Then I moved to other names. In doing research on Spence, I came to find out that he wasn't exactly the most prolific name in the business and in fact that his 2007 offering, Emotionally Charged was only the fourth official release of a career nearing 20 years old. Far more prolific and therefore more accessible was Spence's London neighbour Peter Hunnigale. In terms of popularity (apparently) the far more active Hunnigale ranks alongside Brown as arguably the two biggest names in British reggae and when you really dig into his vibes it becomes crystal clear almost immediately. Peter Hunnigale may simply be one of the most talented lover's rock singers I have EVER heard from anywhere. While my undeniable and undisputed favourite in the genre would definitely have to be the legend Beres Hammond, if some twenty-something year old fan of the music from the UK would tell me that he had the same sort of reverence for Hunnigale as I have for Hammond, I wouldn't think twice about it at all (although I imagine that perhaps even Hunnigale himself would favour the flawless Hammond in that comparison). Peter Hunnigale makes the type of music which makes you happy that you have someone to dance with (and if you don't it probably would make you want to go and find someone)! In my brief experiences with  the singer I've noticed that nearly all of his tunes are dance floor accessible definitely. Hunnigale also, LUCKILY for me, was in the news as of late due to a rather odd release of his new album for 2008 by the name of Free Soul. The album has attracted SO MUCH underground interest from fans due, in part, to the fact that its strictly going out on vinyl and due also in part that it just happens to appear to be one of the strongest pieces of his career to date. While Free Soul comes to us by way of UK label Peckings (who I knew from doing the business for McLean as well), Hunnigale, like Brown, had previously been very active with the UK based JetStar (the two even shared one of the label's Toe 2 Toe albums featuring both) who, at one point in the not too distant past, was responsible for releasing the biggest and most popular names in UK reggae (and some of the worst as well, you'll do yourself well to avoid that Tug-a-War album should you ever find it anywhere) before having something which can only be described as a full on degeneration of itself in the past two years or so. Luckily, standing tall enough to pick up the slack has been Cousins Records' Donville Davis who has seemingly been determined to IMMEDIATELY build Cousins into one of the biggest reggae labels in the world. Well, if that was his goal, he has definitely achieved, with the also UK based Greensleeves selling to the biggest label, VP Records and JetStar continuing to. . . Do whatever it has been doing and staying FAR off the radar with anything of note, Cousins' ever-growing catalogue and consistent release schedule has, within a very short time, made itself one of the most consistently dependable labels in the business. And they don't forget their home base luckily as they have released multiple albums now for Brown, Spence and now Peter Hunnigale with his latest release (prior to Free Soul) the sublime Rhythm & Song which was released in 2006 and now reaches global just two years later.Rhythm & Song is an album which is very much the brainchild of Hunnigale himself as he does virtually all of the production on the album alongside Davis. It is the first of what hopefully will be several albums for the label as Cousins seems strong enough to support annual albums for their artists (in the case of Spence he has two in consecutive years as has Brown who is currently reportedly preparing his third for the label) and it is indeed a very fine way to begin. Beginning things for the album itself is the lovely Hearts Desire. In UK reggae they tend to LOVE doing cover tracks (NO, to my knowledge Sanchez is not English) in much of the classic Jamaican style with American r&b; style tunes. In the case of Hearts Desire, Hunnigale taps the longstanding Jamaican group The Mighty Diamonds. Track down a copy of the Mighty Diamonds version and then come back to Hunnigale's, with massive respect to the originators definitely, there is almost no comparison. The well polished and downright smooth vibes Hunnigale pushes eclipses the original, which is rare and a huge testament that you're listening to a dominant lover's rock singer. Next up is one of the few non-lover's tracks and one which is definitely one of Rhythm & Song's best overall, My Yesterdays. This tune is a very nice recounting of the singer's growing up in London and even eventually getting involved in the music scene. The second verse here is probably the single most memorable on the entire album as Hunnigale recounts going to Downbeat dances and just produces a wonderful vibes. The tune altogether sounds like something you would hear in a film when someone is reminiscing about old days and its wonderful! Closing the opening of Rhythm & Soul is House of Love, yet another master class of a lover's tune. The tune (like the album itself) is a piece which just makes you feel good definitely. Check the chorus here for what may just be the overall best on the album and definitely one for the lover's on the dance floor (and you could probably use it other places as well).Taking a big look at the album as a whole, the one track which sticks on (at least on paper) is definitely the combination Keep It Real with Jamaican dancehall singer Lukie D. I have to give credit where its due! Save from a time when I heard the Kingston native singing the Jamaican National Anthem (which he also recorded for one of his own albums, Deliver Me) I don't know if I've EVER heard Lukie D sounds better than he does on Keep It Real. He has a completely different vocal style from Hunnigale who employs a velvety smooth tone which melds perfectly to his brand of lover's rock; Lukie D has this big and loud voice which he honed in the dancehall but definitely uses quite well on the tune which is one of the few non-Hunnigale productions on the album - it flows nicely over established UK reggae outfit Stingray's serene More Strength on which it is the undeniable highlight and one of the album's real gems (its also available onLukie D's recently released Japanese album Here I Am). Stingray also chimes in behind the board for the excellent Your Lucky Day later in the album which on a bit of an inspirational and uplifting style of vibes (I swear Peter Hunnigale could sing a  tune about a rock and it would sound like a lover's piece!) as he tells us all to `make each day your lucky day', and who could disagree with the sentiment. Check the EPIC Raindrops to Butterflies which sounds so familiar (but I can't call it a cover because I can't think of the original if there is one) to my ears. If you don't like Raindrops to Butterflies then you just don't like Peter Hunnigale's style of vibes. While I won't call it my favourite tune here (that comes later) it is the tune here which shows the singer in probably what is the most favourable light on the entire album. I'd also suggest Hot and Cold, which has a much more straight forward cultural vibes (even though I hesitate to cal it a roots track) and is very impressive. Besides the very strong opening and Keep It Real and of course just the overall vibes of the album (I have to say that somewhere in the middle of this album, if you are REALLY a hardcore reggae head, you might lose track of which era you might be sitting in, there is just some big big classic lover's vibes here) the real story for me in Rhythm & Song comes at the end of the album as it peaks with my two favourite tunes altogether here (which is saying a lot). First is Pull Up A Chair is a great big jovial style of vibes backing what is one of the big PURE cultural vibes on the album and from the early portion where I heard the big horn sound I just got a big smile and a big joy from it. While I wouldn't ever tell Hunnigale to go as far on a rootical side as Lloyd Brown does (as he was MADE to sing lover's rock), he shows with the excellently crafted Pull Up A Chair that he can definitely hold that vibes as well. The tune comes off as a straight lesson of the Afrikan Diaspora from Hunnigale as if he is teaching it to someone as a friend. Its just something very different and a very nice changeup for the album. Rhythm & Song closes with its absolute strongest track overall, the WONDERFUL My Reggae Music. The tune is about as powerful an ode to reggae music as I've heard in quite awhile. It almost has somewhat of a classic 60's or 70's r&b; vibes to it, but its done for reggae which is just something you just don't hear too much. The tune makes you feel good to be a fan of reggae and for me, personally, while there is more well crafted tunes on the album and tunes which are sung better and written better, My Reggae Music is the definitive bow on the gift of Rhythm & Song.Overall, again, I have to give thanks to Lloyd Brown for bringing me to the genre, because, without a doubt I would have missed Rhythm & Song were it not for the Silver album. UK reggae has such a powerful and positive vibes to it these days that really I would recommend all fans of reggae to give it a big ear. Peter Hunnigale is one of the TRUE masters of an art form in lover's rock which is becoming increasingly more and more scarce (fans of the genre will ABSOLUTELY eat this one up as they wait for a next album from Beres Hammond later this year) on the large scale. As this is the type of music which is very accessible to a variety of fans (especially those having a background in r&b;), I would recommend Rhythm & Song to both new and older fans alike (and if you REALLY enjoy it, you should track down the even better Free Soul). If you're looking for something more laid back, something to bring you closer to someone and something to just make you feel good, definitely check Rhythm & Song. I bet Sal already has a copy!
We loved this music so much that when our cassette tape broke, AND we no longer have any way to play this tape in our car (no tape player) we just had to replace it with the download.  Great music, very relaxing to listen to, and a real joy.
While I can certainly appreciate a heavy one-drop just as much as any roots head you'll ever find, when it comes to rootical reggae music, the element of the vibes which has always (and WILL always) received the most of my attention (and scrutiny) has definitely been the lyrics. In the dancehall, things are a bit different in that, typically, the lyrical content isn't very deep, so when I'm in my dancehall `mood' (and I do claim to be 51% roots head and 49% dancehall head) I'm not going to be very hard on most artists lyrically. However, the roots reggae is definitely something different. I don't know about you, but I've long tired of hearing the generic `Hail Jah' and `Praise Rastafari' and `Tings a get red' without any backing none at all from `Jah (insert random word here)' or `Ras (insert random word here)', I just need more than that. Thankfully, over the years the roots side of reggae has seen more than its fair share of supremely gifted wordsmiths who can take the typical `company line' and hide it and surround it in so much strength, knowledge and downright EDUCATION in the lyrics that I don't find myself complaining too much these days about the lack of creativity in roots lyricists if at all. In recent years we have seen artists who can be described as nothing less than SPECIAL lyricists. Of course, standing at the forefront would be the first and youngest version of Sizzla Kalonji. While these days, Sizzla mixes his music in almost a `one in and one out' alternating fashion between dancehall and roots, the first Sizzla the world was introduced to was one who not only had lyrical depth which was unseen in the modern roots spectrum and specifically unseen by a chanter/DJ, but was also WELL versed in making music which was melodic; Thus pleasing to both the ear and the brain. I would argue that today he still possesses the same lyrical ability, however, now a well established veteran and star, sometimes you get the feeling that the game just comes too easy to him. A far more recent and comparable example in this case is definitely Lutan Fyah. If you have really never sat down and REALLY vibed to Fyah's music then you need to. While lacking the overall melodic ability of a young (or old) Sizzla, Lutan Fyah crafts amazing tunes which, even to this point in his still growing career have shown him to be, at least in my opinion, a certified lyrical master. You cannot listen to the Spanish Town native and not take something above just your typical roots song. Fyah gives you a definite message in a song without convoluting and mixing the process by throwing five or six out at one time (which is a common lyrical pitfall specifically in roots reggae music for many artists) and at times even makes you feel as though you've just taken in a culture class by virtue of listening to his vibes. This is a definite quality of true roots lyrical master.While I don't know if I would put St. Croix native Batch in this category just a few short years ago, now I am full convinced that he does belong as at least a `soon to be' lyrical master and most people who would be interested in that, probably have never even heard his name. Perhaps you've heard of his more popular very good friend Ras Attitude, himself a well talented lyricist, who has, in part, made his name by virtue of voicing over some of Batch's beautiful compositions. Originally Batch made his name as a producer and if he never reached for the mic on his own, by virtue of his own musical works I think he would have served as a fine songwriter as well (if he didn't, and he may have). Where Sizzla at his best is a lyricist who would seemingly make it his goal in any given tune to actually educate his listeners and Lutan Fyah has a style which includes education, but he has such a unique, almost story telling style in which he typically hides his messages; Batch is a much more straight forward type of lyricist. I have, in the past called him somewhat mechanical (in terms of being on the mic, in actually making his vibes, he's FAR from mechanical) as he has a style which is a more vibrant and vocally pleasing version of what you might hear from a Vaughn Benjamin (who is DEFINITELY another SUPREMELY gifted lyricist). So similar is Batch to Benjamin, at least in terms of cadence, that he will almost seem to go out of his way to sometimes eschew the riddim track completely to just continue to deliver his lyrics. It is, oddly enough, one of his greatest traits in my opinion. Listening to either of Batch's previous four albums would definitely reveal a talented lyricist as well as just a generally well educated man. One in particular, 2005's Jah Guidance, at the time it was released just went almost completely over my head. These days,  three years later and it is probably the album I spin most of his; the well packed Keep The Faith is another strong example. In the midst of it's sixteen vocal tracks (all of which Batch himself produced) you literally acquire a greater level of overstanding of Afrika and Afrikan culture, he just ties the album together so nicely and covers nearly all basis. His debut album, Who You Are from 2003 was literally a warning shot (one which it took me about five years to TRULY comprehend) of what was to come, featuring downright brilliance such as Ah Rulah which spoke not only  to the Black Queen, but to the King as well as to how to interact with her on a spiritual level; and his most recent piece, To The Root was still another strong example. Batch may be (and I  think he is) ultimately best remembered as a musician and a producer, but what he is able to do on the mic CANNOT be ignored. Neither can you ignore his latest release (it was actually released VERY close to To The Root), Iver Strong for California, US based Greensphere Records. Which proves to be a SLIGHTLY more varied and stepped up (in terms of tempo) version of Batch, but definitely not absent from this ride is one of the sharpest lyrical pens in modern roots reggae.Batch himself has served as the sole and only producer on each of his previous four albums (they were all, with the exception of Jah Guidance, released on his own Sound Vizion label). This time around he voices almost exclusively for Greensphere's head and fellow artist Blaak Lung. This album was actually released virtually simultaneously with other Greensphere releases from Malika Madremana (the excellent Elixir, which came earlier in the year) and Ras Attitude (Trodding Home, probably the best of them all). The whole of Iver Strong is very STRONG and were you to tell me that you felt it was Batch's overall strongest work to date, I wouldn't argue at all. There are three tunes on the album which really stood out for me, the first of which and my choice for the album's strongest tune altogether gets things going on Iver Strong, the exceptional Son of the Ghetto. The tune is absolutely lovely produced, flowing over a vibrant and lush (yet VERY direct) healthy riddim. Batch crafts the type of tune which exemplifies and categorizes his usual work. I don't know if there is another artist today who could do Son of the Ghetto just as much justice as Batch does and it definitely speaks to what I mean about the artist lyrically. Alongside of painting a picture the rough circumstances under which he grew, Batch also paints and draws connections to the actual ghetto where he grew to Africa and the Diaspora as a whole and how, perhaps, a return to home, not only physically but spiritually may improve the ghetto as well. Its just a simply done complex tune and one which hopefully the excellent backing (although it isn't exactly overbearing at all) doesn't detract from and keep listeners from really taking in the message of the tune.  The second tune on Iver Strong is actually the second standout for me as well, No Love For the Poor which is a combination featuring Malika Madremana (who actually sings background vocals throughout the album). The two have already made an excellent pair for my opinion as they combined for a tune on her Elixir album, the divine Meaning, and for an encore, No Love For the Poor does quite a fine job. The tune speaks of the oppressive nature of society to those who come from impoverished areas of the world and what it does to keep the people in the same situations. Madremana more than holds her own with Batch as well (her little dips and drops throughout the tune, aside from her verse, just add a very nice spice to the tune) as the two yet again show themselves quietly to be a very fine duo in reggae and I would love to have the opportunity to see the tune performed live by both someday. Closing the opening of Iver Strong is what is probably, on paper, the most high profile tune on the album and the second of three official combinations, the very strong Melanin which features Blaak Lung himself as well as Batch's own artists, of course Ras Attitude and his longtime secret weapon Ahfyah. The US born Lung adds a nice hip-hop flavour to the vibes and Attitude definitely adds his straight forward to the vibes as well, but, for my opinion, Ahfyah really steals the show (alongside Batch of course) with a vibes straight spiritual which really help to the make the vibes of the tune which CELEBRATES the melanin and the heritage of Afrika.The third tune here which REALLY stands out for me (they all stand out to a degree of course) is the very original and downright dizzying No Gunshot. While, without a doubt, the best chorus on the album is in Son of the Ghetto, coming in a very nice second is No Gunshot and the DOMINANT peace anthem of a song just really hits a nerve, built over what is arguably the strongest one drop riddim on the album (with a nice keyboard from Lung playing throughout as well as a pronounced Madremana helping throughout). And LYRICALLY speaking, definitely you need to hear all the words, particularly on the fiery vibes later in the tune. EXCEPTIONAL! There are two things I pretty much count on going into a Batch album (and pretty much nearly every roots reggae album for that mater): A BIG ganja man herbalist anthem as well as a tune celebrating the virtues of the Black Woman. Where the To the Root album featured the hypnotic Centripetal Smoke, Iver Strong rolls through with the powerful and almost defiant Marijuana Fi Blaze. Batch (probably along with Luciano) has been one of the few artists who not only speak very highly and intensely about the actual usage of the herbs, but he literally throws himself into CELEBRATING it, using it to such a degree where he will make the point that it could literally improve the nature of the vibes of living! (And I agree every time) Marijuana Fi Blaze nearly bounces right over a very strong one drop and is one of the best tunes on the album. The tune for the Black Woman on Iver Strong is the downright brilliantly simple Strong Woman. Again, it's a topic which he has been very adamant about expressing (the best was definitely the aforementioned Ah Rulah tune  from the Who You Are) and nearly demanding that ALL PEOPLE really give due respect to the most perfect creature on the world, the Black Woman, and in doing so you will simultaneously improve the world as a whole. Strong Woman, again, reinforces the ideas and the vibes overall and reaches the boiling point when he starts dropping specific examples of strong women such as Empress Menen, Sojourner Truth and Harriet Tubman! Beautiful track. The third combination on Iver Strong comes later on the album in Us Against Us alongside strong US based Jamaican chanter, Messenjah Selah (himself a former St Croix resident). The tune addresses a subject which isn't exactly POPULAR, the notion of the oppressive system not being the only enemy, but some of our own kind as well! The tune is very deep and very well done and definitely look for Selah's longtime forthcoming album as well as his first, the very strong Whosoever  Will. I'd also mention two VERY strong tunes in the middle of Iver Strong: Foriver (which is essentially the title track) and The I Am. Foriver is definitely one the biggest tunes here overall and the very simple and cleverly done The I Am which may be even stronger. The I Am is a tune which is flat roots Rasta empowerment! The tune just makes you feel good and if I had to add a forth tune to the tunes which really stood out for me, it would definitely be The I Am. It also exemplifies what I mean about Batch's lyrical ability, you WILL learn something from the tune and probably because I'm listening it right now, I AM seriously considering changing my vote to The I Am from y favourite tune here! Iver Strong fittingly ends with Africa We From, which is kind of a `going home' style of vibes. Definitely we're going home and the sing along style Africa We From, with the lush and big one drop and the `flying' trumpet is an excellent tune to go out on and, as is his fashion, Batch definitely teaches us all on the way.Overall, my absolute favourite Batch album to date has probably been To the Root; if Iver Strong is behind it, it isn't very far at all! What it accomplishes in its relatively brief thirteen tracks is literally showing off one of the truly gifted wordsmiths of roots reggae music. This one is PURELY for the roots heads, definitely and I don't think I would recommend it as THE Batch album for new listeners (I think you might want to track down a copy of Keep he Faith), but if you are a roots head and are already accustomed to Batch's vibes, then Iver Strong is near BLISS! You more than have my seal of approval for what is clearly no less than the second best album of one of reggae's strongest underground artists.
This is a mix between reggae and pop that has the ability to make me smile.  It is also singable for those like me that sing in the car.
Tropico the game revolves around you being a dictator on a small fictional island. Similar to SimCity, but with the ability to kill political enemies, build monuments to your self and making friends with the CIA or KGB.Underneath the need for self improvement (aka being Tropico's Dictator), lies a wonderful soundtrack of very touristy-like Latin music. Since my Spanish is very poor, most of the songs make really no sense to me.Besides this, the  music is of the highest quality, both the music itself and recording. I like to listen to it when it is snowing outside, it is so relaxing.It is a stark contrast to the blaring "urban" music found here in NYC.
(4.5stars)I'm always quite interested in my own tastes and how they tend to vary in terms of STYLES within the scope of who I do and who I do not tend to like in reggae music. While I definitely consider myself as a strong admirer and supporter of ORIGINALITY first and foremost, I still have to admit that I've seen some very derivative artists and found them quite entertaining and skillful as well. For example, I can remember as a youth when Mad Cobra originally came on the scene as one of the new big dancehall DJ's in the game and I was almost instantly a fan. However, if you listen to some of the VERY early Cobra songs (and I've heard Cobra, himself, admit this before) he sounds almost EXACTLY like Ninjaman. And I couldn't stand Ninjaman (at the time, as he was very much, then as he is now,  an artist only to be appreciated LIVE and I was a broke kid way up in St. Ann`s)! Similarly now, we have the case of Vybz Kartel, himself slightly derivative of Bounty Killer and now we have Aidonia who has taken what both of those famed artists of dancehall royalty have done and simply (and seamlessly) built his arsenal of viciously lethal gun tunes backed by his year 3000 style flow, on the strength of the table set by Bounty and Kartel. On the other hand, there's the case of Madd Anju (who I believe had just a touch of influence on what Kartel eventually made his style as well) who took a few components of different artists to make the downright strange conglomerate of vibes which now personify what is Madd Anju, one of the most original acts in the game. I also look at the roots reggae side and always point to the style of artist we have now, cast in the role of the fiery chanter/DJ; the likes of Sizzla, Capleton and Anthony B. Really theirs are styles which certainly one can say are similar (and even derivative of) to each other, but that style of artist took over from the roots singer who previously dominated the era just before (as the DJ was almost strictly a dancehall thing). Their styles really have no `parents' and thus, they become not only quite original, but fathers themselves to a style which has DEFINITELY taken over the rootical side of the vibes (making the roots singer SLIGHTLY more rare now), with a following so strong it produces a new face almost everyday. You also, in roots have artists like Vaughn Benjamin of Midnite who is COMPLETELY original and maybe the most original in all of reggae these days and even I always tend to mention Fantan Mojah who epitomizes what it is to be a chanter and not a DJ and not a singer and it certainly helps his case for originality that he is able to voice consistently and produce hits as well.Then you have another type of style, one which has proven quite successful over the years, but is still somewhat rare. In much the opposite of Aidonia who has simply taken the vibes of the time and took them to the future (and beyond), there are artists on today's scene who have essentially taken old school vibes (SLIGHTLY) modernized them and present them to the masses. Definitely, in Jamaica, the biggest practitioner of this has been Beres Hammond. The music Beres Hammond is singing today, he could have been singing twenty or  thirty years ago and still having  the same effect (and he could be singing thirty years from now and STILL having that effect). You could also add Cocoa Tea's name to that list and now another name, Ras Igan! Unlike so many artists that I've been seeing release albums this year (like Chief Nukachez and Bobby Tenna), I have actually heard of Igan before as he has had some local successes and songs playing around (mostly when I was a child) and I had really taken his name and stored it in the `whatever happened to him' files. Well apparently Ras Igan left the island and moved to New York in the States where he has (THANKFULLY) continued to ply his trade, making very nice vibes for the people. Igan is an artist who has literally ripped Jamaica 1960-1980 up and dropped it off virtually identically to what it would have sounded like back then in today's age with the obvious technical and other such variances. AND I LOVE IT! In terms of his style, my research has revealed to me that he lists (unsurprisingly) the Crown Prince, Dennis Brown amongst his greatest inspiration in the music and it definitely comes through in his very own music. Igan is an artist who has quite an extensive history in reggae, while I don't exactly know all of the steps, as I mentioned, he would have been playing when I was child; around fifteen years ago now, which would certainly qualify him as well experienced and also give him the type of `heavier' expectations of quality of his work befitting a man of his knowledge. 2007 saw Ras Igan bring to the world his long in the making debut album, the truly WONDERFUL Music Alone Shall Live for the (I THINK) US based Don Jam Music (which is pretty unfamiliar to me and Igan himself may actually run the label). The St. Mary native singer builds the album as a PURE combination of old school and modern vibes and (again, like Hammond and Cocoa Tea) ANYTHING he does has a bit of an old school flavour as it is in his style of singing, his cadence and his patterns (particularly in some of the melodies, it is very much a `neo' phenomenon in reggae for the artist to be dictated by the riddim, where in the old school, people had much more of a free-flowing style (USUALLY) forcing the riddim to follow them instead of the other way around) all push a vibes much older than the one year that Music Alone Shall Live has ran out. The album is an altogether wonderful piece of work, combining sweet sweet lover's rock vibes and rootical vibes for the really MATURE reggae listener on one of the strongest debuts I've heard in a while (and I've heard MANY!).In a normal debut, especially in reggae, you generally DON'T want to see what you see here in that the album is packed full of seventeen different tracks (and two remixes) but Igan more than manages to keep the attention throughout. Getting things started out for your listening pleasure is the first lover's piece, the solid Number One Girl. I know EASILY around ten tracks with  the same title and this one is just as EASILY one of the most impressive of the lot (it may actually be a remake, but I don't recognize the tune, so I'll give Igan full credit). Its your pretty typical straight forward lover's piece (as they all are), but the WONDERFUL riddim backing it (which includes sax work by none other than Dean Fraser) and just making it the first of several sweet tune and a fine way to start the album off. If Number One Girl doesn't get your sweet tooth going then perhaps (and probably) the second tune here, Too Busy, will. Too Busy is PURE old school vibes with riddim and lyrics and EVERYTHING (maybe with the possible exception of the unusually loud backup singers, and I like them). The song displays a rather preoccupied Igan because he has a woman he has to get to, he is FAR to busy for ANYTHING else which might be going on at the moment and definitely I know the feeling! He may not even actually be doing anything! The simple thought of his woman is enough to distract him and he fully admits I. A big big tune and really one of the album's highlights definitely! Ras Igan changes the vibes up going into the third track on the album, Murderer to complete the opening of Music Alone Shall Live, with a big conscious track for the people. One would definitely expect an artist by the name of Ras Igan to be capable of carrying a big conscious tune like such and any trepidation due to the lover's rock heavy opening two tracks is eliminated with the strength of the vibes of Murderer which is a tune admonishing all the gunman and would be gunman to think again about your actions before delving into the negativity. Definitely a powerful message and a strong way to start the album.There are three tracks here which, at least on paper, stand out for various reasons despite the fact that there are no combinations (which usually gather the attentions of the eye before listening). Those tracks are of course the title track and the tunes Mr. Power and Mental Slavery (because they appear in their original forms and again at the end of the album in remixed forms). And listening to the album one could make the case (and I will) that THESE ARE THE BEST THREE SONGS ON THE ALBUM, period! Check the title track, the granddaddy of them all. Music Alone Shall Live is a necessary song, if you love reggae music you NEED to hear the tune! Carrying (of course) a wonderful old school vibes Igan delivers a message to artists to be careful with EXACTLY what type of vibes they make because long after they are gone, the music will live on so they have a RESPONSIBILITY to the people to make positive and uplifting vibes and I couldn't agree more! Powerful, powerful track and the highest order of the album DEFINITELY! Mr. Power is a tune admonishing the politicians and world leaders on their wicked and GREEDY ways and their oppression of the poor and middleclass of people. The tune carries a lovely nyah drum throughout and (in my opinion) is actually better on its remix, built almost COMPLETELY on the drum. And then with Mental Slavery, the message is even heavier as Igan warns all that although the structure of slavery is gone, it is still well intact mentally as our people are still suffering; as he says, "After the physical slavery, here comes the mental war". Indeed! If that were just it I could walk away from Music Alone Shall Live and Ras Igan with a very fine impression of both, but there are STILL more excellent  tunes to check. Take Strange for instance which is an 'anti-lover's rock' tune. The tune describes perhaps a time we all can related to of falling out of love in a relationship and having those STRANGE feelings.  And, despite the subject matter, its still a well SWEET tune also. There's nothing at all strange about the very nice When Jah Comes, which I believe is a remake of one of Ras Igan's earlier pieces for the album. While I wouldn't exactly consider the tune amongst the album's strongest, its still quite impressive as Igan employs a far more `matter of fact' simple style and the joy of the tune really comes on the lyrical level definitely. The message and the music on the very Dennis Brown-like Things Will Have to Change. The tune calls for change in all different forms, but primarily change of SELF in the overall goal of changing the negativity in the world. I would think of Brown were here today, Things Will Have to Change would be his favourite tune on the album and I wouldn't argue with him (of course I wouldn't argue with DENNIS BROWN!). The final two tracks here before the remixes close the show are also VERY well worth checking as they stand amongst Music Alone Shall Live's absolute best material overall. Firstly, check (again) the old school vibed POWERFULLY conscious Mussi Think. The tune is just all around a song you should hear be you a person of Afrikan descent (and I am) as Ras Igan examines slavery in hindsight up to now and how important it is for us to not only distinctly `remember' and LEARN about what our people went through, but how important it is for us to rely on and accept the strength of His Majesty. Of all the wonderful and lovely concepts on the album, BY FAR (even more so than the title track) Mussi Think is the one which I would play for someone as a knowledge track definitely. Big big tune! Another heavy message concludes things on the album in the very cleverly done Mr. Benjamin. Of course you should figure it out that Mr. Benjamin is a tune for those money-hungry and greedy individuals out there who put the `almighty' dollar above and beyond everything in life. "Don't put your trust in Benjamin, he will let you down", Igan powerfully says in the real punch line of the tune for me and is a real TANGIBLE concept the people (myself included definitely) really need to take heed of and an excellent way to send things out on this EXCELLENT album.Overall, while I'm well loving the vibes of Ras Igan's Music Alone Shall Live, I have to recommend it with a bit of a `condition'. You need not go ANYWHERE near this album if you aren't already a well studied and experienced listener of reggae music. I don't care if you listen to the samples and like them (if that's the case then definitely check out the tunes you like) or even if you caught Igan in a stage show (an experience which I've yet to have but am well looking forward to definitely) an enjoyed him, you really need a background in reggae music to enjoy this one to its fullest. HOWEVER, if you have such a background then by all means Music Alone Shall Live should be near the top of your list for albums to pick up (maybe right next to that new Beres Hammond album) as Ras Igan blends eras and styles together for an album which is nearly TIMELESS.
I had this song on a cassette tape that my brother recorded almost 20 years ago. I'm so glad that Amazon had it available and it was so easy to find. All I had to do was type the title of the song on the search field and found it within a few minutes. I'm now enjoying this great song on my MP3 player. Thanks Amazon!
Where several years back would have marked my `formal' initiation into French and French West Indian reggae vibes; and 2007, on the strength of Lloyd Brown's remarkable album, Silver, marked my arrival onto the UK scene; perhaps I'll look back at 2008 as the year something FORCED me to take a look at what was going on over on Dominica in terms of reggae music. Just like was the case in 2007 with the UK, I make my entrance into the `Nature Isle' on the strength of an absolutely SENSATIONAL project from a veteran who has received far less than his just due, given his obviously HIGH skill level musically speaking. In this case, that credit goes to Harry Mo, whose album, Back To Africa, was and remains one my favourite reggae albums of the year and didn't seem to be something of the `fluke' variety, which made me think, perhaps there were a few more there who could offer something similar. What is, perhaps, most interesting in this case, however, is that the proverbial door to looking at the reggae scene on Dominica has been open from a long time ago as none other than reggae star Nasio Fontaine hails from the island (although more and more I'm considering him a Dutchie as he was raised in St. Maarten, my home away from home), although to be perfectly honest, I've never been a big fan of Fontaine's for some reason (think it's the voice). I am, however, quite the fan of another very popular artist from out of Dominica, Rock City based singer/chanter NiyoRah, which perhaps makes this case even a bit more unusual as, clearly, I have had several opportunities to dig even deeper to see what was going on there (and not me alone, knowing now what I do, that some of these artists haven't bust on a bigger stage is just downright WRONG) before. After looking just a bit deeper, I came across very talented artist such as bigger veteran Lazo, Julie Mourillon, Djate Richards (who performs as 'Djate') and, of course, another St. Maarten transplant, Dread'I and I now own albums from all of them. More recently, I've began to vibe other artists such as Nelly Stharre (who I figured out that I actually knew of before, but was lacking a name to place with the (ODD) voice and (STRONGE) vibes), dub poet Matthew Luke and the young but extremely impressive, Atunyah (definitely one to keep an eye and an ear on for the future), who has a similar appeal to his music that does the very popular Pressure Busspipe from out of St. Thomas as well. Out of all these artists and undoubtedly more and more that I've yet to stumble across, the thing that I've found to be a consistency amongst them is a very strong base of vibes with a roots inclination and I have had a very good time finding more and more.That being said, probably the best reggae sound that I found coming from out of Dominica outside of Harry Mo was a full on band by the name of RSB (Roots, Stem and Branches) . To my ears, RSB Band made a very nice and diverse brand of reggae music, befitting the very colorful nature of their homeland and the Caribbean as a whole. Unbeknownst to me, however, anything that I would have heard from RSB would have at the very least, been ten years as they had released their last album, Tighter Than Ever (which isn't the one I received) in 1998 and had essentially split up to do other things and pursue other options musically after more than a decade and a half operating as a unit. That was very unfortunate! My fortunes definitely had a change for the better when I learned that the very nice voiced lead singer of RSB, however, Kofi (who also, apparently did quite a bit of production for the group) had indeed struck out on his own and was doing his own thing now living and being musically based out of Chicago, Illinois in the States (RSB also has quite a few ties with Chicago as well to my knowledge). Karl `Kofi' James is a well respected name in certain circles, apparently, as I located emails dated quite far back towards the middle of the year of friends close to the Chicago area telling me about the artist and his then still forthcoming (or brand new) album, New Name. Kofi's New Name comes through the previously unknown (to me) New Roots Productions, also from out of Chicago and just as I came to suspect just a bit before listening through it, its actually very good. In terms of sound, having well spun Harry Mo for awhile now, I would definitely say that Kofi's vocal approach isn't extremely different from what you hear from Mo (Kofi doesn't have that overall `richness' to his voice that Harry Mo does, but he's not exactly `poor' in his own right) and he actually sounds a bit like Peter Tosh at times as well, which is certainly good company to be held in. He also makes similar music in regards to Harry Mo, I could see a few of the tunes on New Name appearing on Back To Africa without really hurting or changing the vibes too much on that album. On his own merits also I'll mention that Kofi's lyrics are very good as well and his overall presentation has very much of an old school foundation to them, which, in terms of modern roots reggae, is definitely not a band quality to have. New Name is an album which I liked pretty much from the opening tune and, despite a few odd spots and occasional miss (one in particular) pretty much holds up pretty high throughout is all too brief eleven tracks. Apparently during the summer months in the Midwestern United States (I used to live there, the winters are VERY cold), Kofi is pretty active, which is a good thing I would think because his are the type of vibes which I, almost IMMEDIATELY, thought about being done in a live stage show because they are of the variety where I've seen several singers sing that type of sound and when done live, it either loses EVERYTHING, or literally double of the strength, so having never had the opportunity to see him live, I would definitely be interested in that (same goes for Harry Mo, but that will probably happen sooner or later). New Name is a very nice introduction to a veteran artist who is on the brink of maybe getting the accolades he deserves, but just as he has been around for quite awhile, you definitely shouldn't go into it expecting your typical debut album, its better than that.I'm starting to wonder if there are any good dancehall artists from out of Dominica as ALL of the reggae artists who were any kind of talented AT ALL that I've come across now have all been of the roots variety  actually. Of course Kofi is no exception and his debut solo album, New Name gets going with a very nice vibes in the form of the title track. I was quite interested in hearing the tune as I seem to be running into the term `New Name' a lot these days (including on one of Midnite's latest albums). The tune speaks of His Majesty returning to the earth to smite down all those who dare to live unrighteousness and negatively. The tune also boasts one of the biggest sounding backing tracks on the entire album and is generally a very nice way to get things started on the album named after it. Up next is an arguably even bigger sounding shot, the sweet lover's tune, Love Power. I don't actually rate Love Power very highly at all, not that it's a bad tune necessarily, but the tune definitely falls into the middle range of songs on the album (which, at just eleven in total, isn't a very large group none at all). But, again, it isn't horrible, just to my ears, it takes awhile to get where it ends up going, which really isn't all that far at all (but I do have to give it credit for having one of the, if not THE best choruses on the album altogether). Thankfully it is well topped by the tune immediately following it which closes the opening of Kofi's New Name, the ROCKING Check Seh (check the very Kymani Marley-ish intro from Kofi on the tune). Check Seh is a downright DAZZLING and POWERFUL roots tune and easily one of the album's finest tunes altogether. Later on in the song, it even turns into a combination as a female voice steps forth, that of Taketha Cole (whom I know NOTHING about, only that she is a singer from out of Chicago). I would go as far as to say, even though there is at least one tune on New Name which I rate higher than it, were someone to ask me to recommend a single Kofi tune as the finest example of what his vibes are, the tune I would select would probably be Check Seh. Very Impressive way to open things for New Name in full.The two areas where Kofi will and does draw criticism from me are quite simple. First and this isn't even really a big critique, given the circumstances, but I would have LOVED to see more than eleven tracks, which isn't paltry by any means, but given his experience I'm sure he could have pushed that a bit higher with even more vibes. And, oddly enough, the aforementioned tune which I said was a `miss', The Spot, is the second of two combinations on the album also featuring Cole. HONESTLY, I think I might've preferred it if it was just Cole's tune straight through actually as she has a very spicy delivery far more suited for the hip-hop/r&b; stylings of the backing track indeed. All that being said, however, when Kofi digs deep into his years and years of experience and brings forth the tune Hold A Vibes, all is forgotten! Hold A Vibes is MASSIVE! The tune literally sneaks up on you and I was pretty much expecting and old and probably ska sounding tune which was just a bouncing style tune. Instead what you get is a tune with which Kofi directly links praising the and loving the music to praising and loving His Majesty and all forms of the music as well. Just an absolutely wonderful surprise and I would definitely look forward to him doing more similar tunes in the future (and maybe some older ones as well) as the tune reaches both the mind and the feet, simultaneously on New Name's finest outing, period. I'll also go back briefly and mention the tune Well Well, to draw a comparison with Love Power. Love Power was just very basic and really unexceptional and it doesn't sound much unlike Well Well. But Well Well is a stronger tune, it doesn't fall into the same `comfortable' pattern as Love Power seemed, so definitely check Well Well, the better lover's tune. The vibes throughout the balance of New Name remain at a pretty high level as there aren't any other tunes within the eleven outside of Love Power and The Spot, which are even the least bit QUESTIONABLE to my ears. Time Is Now is an inspirational high-stepping vibes which would definitely be the changeup tune for New Name (it's the somewhat Ska sounding tune I was expecting from Hold A Vibes). Even more than Well Well is None Of Dem which is unquestionably the album's finest lover's tune and one of the best present altogether. The tune is a kind of a different take on the type of love song you'll usually hear and especially within reggae music (its almost like the male version of Ce'Cile's tune Waiting) as it finds Kofi giving thanks to his special lady for sticking by his side through thick and thin as `none of dem' the previous women in his life would have done such a thing at all. The tune really develops into something quite powerful so definitely check that one there. I was STUCK for awhile on the tune Praises which is just what the title would suggest. It is absolutely LOVELY. There is solid background singing throughout New Name, which is always nice, however never before or after is it as nicely done as on Praises. The tune also contains the wonderful line, "We marvel everyday, bowing to the works of man. Let's give thanks and praise according to The Father's plan!". Definitely! A divine track and one of New Name's best. Check more wonderful backup singing and a MEAN one-drop on Rocky Road which I think is a tune that, although it is quite good, could have been even better (that's where Kofi should have just blew the lid off of his voice, I think he could have done it and had he, Rocky Road may have been special, but as it stands, it still isn't far from it). Ending Kofi's New Name is the tune Power Of Love, which isn't my favourite tune here, but it is pretty good (definitely better than the last time he combined the words `love' and `power'). It is a very memorable track and perhaps the best choice to end the album as it sets things back on course and well within the scope of not only lover's rock, but definitely roots as well. The ribbon.Overall, next year, I definitely plan to be better prepared next year keeping up with all of these outstanding roots artists from Dominica. Of them that I've heard Kofi ranks just behind Harry Mo in terms of quality to my ears (not including Nasio and Niyorah, of course) as he too makes a very enjoyable brand of roots as well. New Name also has a very pronounced mature tone of vibes to it as well, thus, I feel VERY  comfortable recommending it to all fans of modern roots reggae ESPECIALLY those with an ear for old school vibes as well, you'll love this one definitely. Kofi is another reason to keep digging and to see ijust EXACTLY who else is over in Dominica keeping things so nice. Anymore like Harry Mo and now Kofi, and it may rank alongside The Virgin Islands as a HAVEN for top notch roots reggae in the Caribbean outside of Jamaica.
I love this CD so much that I acctually bought it twice.  One hard copy (which I have misplaced)  and one mp3 copy.  The songs are quite bouncy and lift my mood every time I listen to it.
(4.5stars)If you were to ask me for my choices of reggae artists to really watch in 2008, the list probably would be very packed and it would assuredly be very interesting. 2008-2009 figures to be a stretch of very interesting, high powered and important moves being made in and for reggae music; not the least of which is the actual talent itself. At the top of my list would definitely be the younger artists who figure to continue their development at a drastic pace. Names like the WICKED Erup, Tyrical, I-Octane and Teflon, all of whom have shown themselves to be at the head of a developing trend of CONSTANT music 50% dancehall and 50% rootical and in being so, are potential SUPERSTARS in the game. While the pickings seem quite slim in the arena of PURE dancehall, besides the usual suspects, names such as the young Bramma, one of the dancehall's most TRULY impressive talents to emerge in quite a long time; the re-emergence of Busy Signal, not only recapturing, but superseding his own once lethal form; and rising names such as proven hit maker Demarco, Bugle and even Serani. I'd also mention a name like Flexx, who although still a bit mechanical, seems to be the best of the young acts in Bounty Killer's Alliance stable and with the group having a  forthcoming album, Flexx just may be poised to take the international reggae world by storm. In the rootical arena, I'll always, first and foremost, recommend that ALL tune in to whatever Lutan Fyah is doing year in and year out as, at least in my opinion, the Spanish Town native is currently in the process of taking roots music to the next level. I'll also say returning names of importance in Gyptian (himself already having a VERY big 2008) and Fantan Mojah (a big year, likewise), both of whom are returning to form and in doing so are returning to the top of the charts and once again fulfilling on the extremely high level of potential they once showed. Up and coming artists such as the fiery Ras Brando, of course roots songstress Etana and Nesbeth all figure to be major players for the balance of the year. There are several names outside of Jamaica as well currently making big vibes with bigger vibes perhaps still to come. Names such as Italian Alborosie who, at least to international audiences, may have one of the most anticipated reggae debuts to come along in quite awhile. The other reggae producing areas in the Caribbean are of course well loaded with artists poised to take themselves to the next level in 2008 as well. First on my radar is definitely Queen Omega, the  Trini roots Empress will be dropping her next release later in the year just as Cruzan Queen Dezarie just has (check her very solid Eaze The Pain) as well. I would also mention the well rumoured MADNESS Gwada dancehall king Admiral T is to have under his sleeves. However, all that being said, were you to ask me which of these artists would have a good chance of scoring a MASSIVE hit in 2008, that might be another artist, still.Perhaps its due to the MASSIVE wave caught by fellow Virgin Islander Pressure Busspipe in 2006 which he rode nearly all the way through 2007 in the form of his mega-hit Love & Affection, but I wouldn't be at all surprised to St. Croix native Ras Attitude at some point score with a similar shot this year or next. Of course in Pressure's case the reggae planets and moons seemingly aligned PERFECTLY to set the wicked St Thomas chanter on the radar of dancehall ace Don Corleone and it may take a similar act for Ras Attitude to do likewise, but that wouldn't be all that extraordinary especially now, considering the EXTREME level of talent Attitude is currently showing (there`s also a youth by the name of Revelation, a good friend of Pressure`s who may in a few years be in a similar position as well). Most familiarly and commonly associated with his friend and producer, musical genius Batch (himself a wicked artist, check any of his five very nice releases as well) Ras Attitude is almost DUE for a big breakout year and a bigger introduction to international audiences as to date his ridiculously high level of skill has been reserved for only the hardest of hardcore reggae heads throughout the extended reggae world. Those `hardest' have indeed been rewarded well for their loyalty as now Ras Attitude comes forth with his fifth overall studio release, the WICKED Trodding Home, recorded for Blaak Lung at Greensphere Records in California in the States and released simultaneously with Batch`s own Greensphere album, the wicked I-Ver Strong. Trodding Home follows a line of VERY solid elder `siblings' as Ras Attitude has been voicing nearly FLAWLESSLY wicked roots ever since he first reached the scene in 2001 with the Happiness album on Batch's Sound V.I.Zion label (Batch clearly had so much confidence in Ras Attitude that he released the young artist`s album on his label before he had even released his own which would come a full two years later in Who You Are). Happiness was followed a long three years later by Love Life which was even more in tune and diverse than the strictly rootical (wicked still) and complex Happiness. Love Life was a serious album and definitely the one which began my large interest in Attitude as it had a much more polished vibes to it (largely due to Batch himself improving as well in the three years passing as a producer) and sounded almost directly like something which would have been produced in Jamaica. After the Love Life album there was the RIDICULOUSLY deep Holding Firm, an album that took about a year for me to truly grasp , which featured an even more matured tone for Zion High and Lustre Kings Productions in the States as well. And lastly before Trodding Home, there was the critically acclaimed Royal Lionage for US based Royal Inity Records. That album became somewhat of an underground hit piece (and STILL is) much in the way Batch's own two earliest albums had (Who You Are and Keep The Faith, respectively) and even further helped to establish the name Ras Attitude. Now, I would probably say my favourite Ras Attitude album to date is the Love Life album. However, if you wanted to say it was actually Trodding Home, due to the truly top notch master class he demonstrates throughout it's fourteen tracks, I couldn't really argue with that, not even a little.If you've never had the pleasure of hearing Ras Attitudes vibes I would probably most liken him to Junior Kelly or a more diverse Lutan Fyah. The real thing in his vibes which distinguish them to be exclusively his is that he adds a bit of his personality, not necessarily in terms of humour, but he often sounds as if he's smiling while he's singing or chanting (both of which he does equally well, much like Junior Kelly). Trodding Home gives him PLENTY of reasons to smile throughout. Beginning the album is the ultra-smooth and heavily rootical Aya I. The tune is a very interesting one in that it is almost a PURE chant which features Attitude seemingly, at times, just going on with his vibes just to MAKE A POINT which is very powerful (particularly in the second verse); ultimately that message is to just trust in His Imperial Majesty and things will be fine. Truly powerful way to start things off. Next up is a tune which is one of my absolute favourite on the entire album, Grow Korn. The tune speaks to those who may not necessarily be living very clean and specifically EATING clean and enjoying the natural and organic foods. He doesn't do it from a condemnatory or a judging vibes, but he still keeps the aggression and the passion in his vibes. The tune is a definite step up in terms of tempo from Aya I and will definitely get your head nodding but definitely take in the message as well. It was also quite interesting to me as I had previously heard a similar tune from the artist, No Bones, which featured him alongside US artist Jah Sun and the WICKED Lutan Fyah. The tune was amazing and its definitely nice to see Attitude maintaining the vibes, this time on the solo side. Closing the opening here is the SO SO smooth Music. Where Grow Korn was to teach you how to feel good, Music will just MAKE you feel good whether you want to or not. The song is a basic dedication to music, to the good feelings and the good vibes and just an excellent way to end the opening of Trodding Home with one of the album's sweetest vibes.There are two tunes on Trodding Home which truly reach the heights and definitely represent my two favourite tracks on the album altogether. First is the first of four official combinations on the album, Jah Lives with US born wicked Puerto Rican roots Princess Malika Madremana (herself having a Greensphere album, check Elixir). Jah Lives is simply POWERFUL! The tune very well could have been an a cappella as, although the very beautiful (almost R&B; ballad style) backing definitely fits for the tune, it is ultimately the single most impressive vocal display on Trodding Home. Certainly there are fans of Attitude who enjoy his chanting and Djaying more so than his singing but tunes like Jah Lives really make that argument difficult to make and he (just as Batch always does) makes an impressive pair with the LOVELY voiced Madremana. Of course the message is the second star of the tune (but the first in life), focus on His Majesty because He is always there and He lives! Definitely check that one. The tune is only topped in my opinion by the ridiculously strong title track which is simply one of the most BRILLIANT repatriation anthems that I have EVER heard (and because I listen to approximately 95% reggae & soca, I've probably heard over a thousand of them). The tune also produced a wonderful video which featured many reggae stars (including Luciano, Mikey General and Kymani Marley) and apparently I wasn't the only one who fell in love with the vibes. The riddim here is one so easy I almost want to call it minimalist, but it so PERFECTLY melds to the vibes and another thing which combines well is once again Madremana whose almost panicked chants throughout really add a calm-urgency (if that makes any sense) (and it doesn't) to the vibes and I just love the punch line, "I'm trodding home, mi nah waan live a babylon no more! Gotta reach to Afrika seashore!" Its as perfect a tune as you'll probably ever hear and I'm definitely looking forward to joining Attitude on his journey someday. While the vibes of Trodding Home don't exactly reach that high again on the balance of the album, they still more than hold their own. Sound V.I.Zion represents to the highest as, just on Batch's album, all three big artists from the label join in to make a nice tune, this time it is Good To Know alongside Batch and the label's longtime `secret weapon' Ahfyah. On the tune on Batch's I-ver Strong album, Melanin, it was a solid spiritual effort from Ahfyah which highlighted the tune; this time its Attitude's dominant chorus which runs the show (although Attitude's opening verse is nice as well) and Ahfyah jumps in decent later on as well. Also joining Attitude here is ultra revered St. Croix singer Army on Stand Firm which took a minute to grow on me (as does most of Army's music, check his current release Zion Soldiers Chant which is working on me now). The tune works nearly completely and I love the message not to just stand firm and be strong, but to do so because you know His Majesty is backing you. I have to mention a tune here for another reason as well. Thank You is the obligatory `love mama' tune on the album and it is quite well (another nice presence from Madremana who does nice backing vocals throughout) and has a lovely chorus. BUT! The tune flows over a riddim which backs my current favourite tune in the whole world, Manifess Joy by Guyana's Arkaingelle (check his current Greensphere release, O'Pen). Check the wicked Cut & Go Round Them and the yard sounding Things Dey Say & Do and the album closes with the final combination a nice acoustic version of Music alongside respected rootsman Tuff Lion who plays throughout the album and definitely check his debut, Utterance from 2007 as well.Overall, if this album is available to you (and it is) and you happen to be FORTUNATE enough to be able fully appreciate the vibes of roots reggae music then I definitely recommend you do NOT pass on it. Trodding Home is quite important, if for no other reason, because it features TRODDING HOME. The tune is definitely type which could take an artist to the next level (and it STILL could, don't be surprised to hear it still taking hold in a couple of years from now). This one also (as does a bit of Attitude's music) has a dimension to it for the R&B; style of vibes so maybe even newer fans (MAYBE) may be able to take a look at it as well. But the roots heads definitely will eat Trodding Home like fresh vegetables! Definitely don't miss out on one of the names who could be one of reggae's next big things at nearly his absolute best.
He is an excellent producer. I don't really listen to the whole album... I bought it because of songs like "Motema" and "One Love". And of course, because im a coup&eacute; decal&eacute; fanatic, when i found out that "Jusqu'a Fatigu&eacute;" was also on the same album, didn't even hesitate.. bought it :-D
I first heard this group on the Vicky Christina Barcelona soundtrack and wanted more. Every track on this album delivers!
Great mix of genres.  Lead singer is passionate and sensual.  Love the Latin and flamenco vibe.  Bought it for the song Animas.  Love that song.  Some of the other tunes get to be a bit repetitious.  Overall, a worthwhile listening experience.  Keeps me motivated on my morning walks.
From the stages of theatre to the world of pop music, Gal Tamir is proving his worth with "Voluntad." Between being raised in Israel and performing on stage in various plays such as Grease, Tamir gathers up all of his influences to produce a well written Latin pop record. His warm, mature voice is really what makes this album come alive and it does not let you down. A solo vocal on "Nadie Nos Vio" shows Tamir's vocal range and just what he has to offer. There is also a beautiful duet with a lead female vocalist on "Sueno," which compliments Tamir's voice very nicely. Also, keep your ears alert for the standard Latin dance number on the track "Donde Van?." Any fan that is fluent in Spanish or a fan of Latin pop music will thoroughly enjoy "Voluntad."Shaun H. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Because of the nature of reggae music these days (and all other days for that matter), the vibes open themselves to a great variety of people from an equally great varieties of backgrounds. We've seen artists come from such downright odd situations to emerge as reggae superstars and potential superstars in the past and are still are. For example, take the current reggae/dancehall hierarchy; the likes of Beenie Man, Bounty Killer, Vybz Kartel and Elephant Man, all of whom (with the exception of Kartel) came from abject poverty in the ghettoes of downtown Kingston to become internationally recognized household names. Others still such as Red Rat and Lady Saw have come from much better circumstances, to still develop the skill and drive necessary to make it in the music. Perhaps most unusual (although not very uncommon) are artists such as Jah Cure, Ninjaman, Alozade, Zebra and a slew of others (most recently Bascom X and Prince Malachi) all of whom have had their rise to prominence (or wherever they were/are ultimately going) interrupted by extended states of incarcerations. We've also seen international artists come from extremely unlikely set of circumstances such as (most recently) Europeans Gentleman, Alborosie and the late Natasha, all of whom, hailing from predominantly non-English speaking Western European nations, somehow and someway found themselves enraptured and ingratiated not only with reggae music but also with Jamaica itself. Then of course we have artists such as Mad Cobra, dancehall ace producer Don Corleone, Baby Cham,  and most recently Wasp, who although their pasts may be somewhat documented, just sort of showed up one day to deliver top notch vibes (and definitely check out Wasp if you haven't had the opportunity to do so yet). What all of these artists have in common is that, despite some of their somewhat unusual backgrounds bringing them to our attentions in the music, they all developed a strong desire somewhere along the way to bring them to the same common destination in reggae music. While I could go definitely go about bringing other names into the game (some which will be definitely more familiar to you) such as Sizzla, Capleton, Spragga Benz and Ward 21, all of whom would come through the more typical means of serving apprenticeships for producers or engineers or sound systems before making their ascensions to fame; I'd like to direct your attention to an artist who comes to us by means of, although an unusual method for the time, one which is so much more familiar to Jamaica than even the sound system and producers and engineers themselves.Meet Bobby Tenna. If you have ever taken a vacation or holiday to Jamaica you may have stayed in Negril, Mobay  or Ochi or one of the other more popular tourist areas (and maybe even in Kingston) and you may have taken in a show or a cabaret. If you have done so within the past decade or so, in Negril or Mobay, there's a chance that you may have run into a show from Bobby Tenna as well. Tenna takes a rather old school method to his receive his notoriety such as `back in d day' when singers (and ESPECIALLY bands) would get their start playing and singing for visiting tourists (that was, of course, before sound systems not only became very popular and very PROFITABLE and completely before dancehall even existed as well) in some of the more popular resorts on the island. Today, it is a route rarely taken for forthcoming singers and bands as, generally the type of singer you'll find in a Jamaican cabaret is one who has either done what he or she has to do in terms of more mainstream music in Jamaica or one who has no aspirations to take their careers to that level (ALTHOUGH, through my limited experience with the cabaret singers ALL of them tend to have music for sale seemingly recorded by the same nameless (and downright mysterious) producer, just to give you something else to spend some money on) as the sound system and the complete an utter saturation of producers and talent scouts on every corner tend to be the more popular route for future reggae singers. Bobby Tenna, however, shows that its still possible as he now embarks on his own reggae career. The Mobay native not only tests the waters in the music he has gotten both feet wet, almost immediately fitting into the laid landscape and presenting himself to the masses as a rising roots artist to keep an eye on. He also has had his hand in production (maybe he's the mysterious cabaret singer producer!) as well in establishing his very own label, Fiyahart Promotions. Now, in association with Wilefiya Inc. (which I actually think he may also own), Tenna wastes no time at all after his exit form the cabaret to make his entrance into reggae with his debut album, Give Thanx 4 Life. I myself didn't actually know the name Bobby Tenna as a full on reggae singer until as recently as 2007 when he made an appearance on Kemar `Flava' McGregor's wicked 83 Riddim as well handful of other singles (some of which are here) which showed the singer in a very fine light. While the cabaret may definitely seem old fashion these days, it obviously gave Tenna quite a bit of time to fine-tune his style and his vibes as, although he is a new artist in reggae, his style is one which is so obviously quite polished.  Vocally, Tenna (like more and more singers I'm seeing these days) have just a bit of the `Jah Cure tone' and while he never reaches where Cure does (no one EVER will EVER again) his own style is one which is very own unique creation as he adds a bit of spice with a SLIGHT and very appreciable old school and straight forward type of sound as well. Give Thanx 4 Life is a very solid introduction to a new roots singer on the scene who, if you fulfills his obviously VERY high level potential and promise, may be one of the real names to watch in the years to come.Give Thanx 4 Life is another sign that reggae music is catching up with the times. As recently as two or three years ago, GT4L would have almost certainly been the type of album I would have been cheering the praises of to many but would be all but invisible as most wouldn't have the wherewithal (nor the patience to track it down). Thankfully, you can now find it in many ways, especially digitally. The album opens with the very solid and straight forward In di Giddeon which (as if there were any questions) (and there weren't) completely outline where Bobby Tenna's allegiances lie. The tune carries a message is one which you're very used to hearing if you listen to a bit of roots reggae; for all to keep focused and to keep faith in His Majesty despite what we may face in our hard times on the planet. It also makes a pretty good usage of nice background vocalists complimenting Tenna well throughout over what I can describe as an old school and VERY minimal dancehall riddim which I'm certain I've heard somewhere before. An excellent way to open GT4L and one of the album's finest offerings altogether. Next up is the even more familiarly vibed and pretty impressive Just Might Wanna Say (which is essentially the title track for GT4L) which flows over the same syrupy sweet Barry O'Hare re-licking of the riddim from Burning Spear's classic Call On You over which Tanya Stephens painted the lovely portrait which was To the Limit for her Rebelution album. While Tenna doesn't quiet reach the levels of either of those mighty large pair of shoes to fill, he comes very FAR from failing with the tune. The tune carries a basic message of being thankful (Just Might Wanna Say THANKS) and at its peak is just a really high level of vibes and something you definitely aren't hearing in a lounge somewhere in Mobay. Completing the opening to Give Thanks 4 Life is the least impressive of the three tunes opening the album but still one which is quite impressive, Joy. The tune has somewhat of an pop style of vibes to it (at least to my ear), but its not an overly done type of track and really its so very slight that ultimately it shouldn't be much of a problem even for the most heavy of roots heads.Bobby Tenna (on this album and on the few tunes which I've heard which aren't here) has a quality to his vibes shared in quite a few young artists but one which is all but impossible to maintain in that he just doesn't make bad music. As he exposes himself to more and more different types of vibes it will almost certainly disappear (unless he should find himself falling into the category of such RARE artists as Beres Hammond, Luciano and the aforementioned Burning Spear), but its very enjoyable over the course of the album here. The absolute height of the his `non-bad' vibes on Give Thanx 4 Life is definitely the WICKED Give Jah My Heart. Should you ever find yourself at a cabaret and hear this song being sung, you will have officially lucked into the GREATEST CABARET OF ALL TIME. The song flows as effortlessly as it does brilliantly over the current popular piece from Christopher Hart, the Genesis Riddim (also available on a riddim album from Cousins, check that one as well, big riddim). The tune carries a very comforting and simplifying message of simply turning over one's life to His Majesty for ultimate betterment of self and even those around you. It is the type of tune on GT4L which really shows Tenna in his absolute best light and shows his voice to be even better than you would have thought were it not present on the album. BIG BIG TUNE! One of my real complaints about GT4L is the lack of changeups in the vibes (won't be a problem if you REALLY love roots) and the easiest way to do that is through combinations. The one combination which is here, however, Gonna Ride alongside Californian rapper Rio Gambino is far from the type of tune you would have hoped. The tune isn't a failure (and its actually one of the big stepping tunes here) but I think the ONE combination could have been a stronger effort, particularly had Tenna linked with a reggae artist (the one I have in my mind would have been one of my personal current favourites, Lutan Fyah). Besides that ever so slight dip in the vibes, GT4L remains solid throughout. Check the BEAUTIFUL ode to music itself, the very nice Play On. The tune is ALMOST obligatory on a roots album (check Spin the Song Ya from Cocoa Tea's most recent LP Save Us Oh Jah) and I absolutely love the way Tenna ties it back in with the cultural aspect and real heavy roots sound and not to mention it but the riddim is DIVNIE! And I've been finding myself actually hearing more and more young roots artists (and albums) which don't excel (or even TRY) at the lover's tune. Thankfully I cannot add Tenna to this group as he represents for the ladies on the very cool U Got My Luv. The tune actually took quite awhile to grow on me but somewhere in the middle I started to feel exactly what I would think Tenna was going for. Its just a big big vibes and a MANDATORY one for roots artists and albums definitely. I'd also recommend the old-school vibed Ghetto Well Red where Tenna shines about as bright as he does anywhere else on GT4L (almost sounding like Max Romeo at times) with a nearly EPIC anti-violence and all around anti-negativity anthem. The album reaches its end with two of its more impressive tracks. Check the rather timely Jah Still In Control, another very impressive old-school vibed tune on the album. The song sounds like it was plucked right out of some Kingston studio, circa 1974, and dropped on GT4L, with a nice message, again, saying things may not always actually be as bleak as they may appear because Jah Still in Control. Lastly, check Zion Gates, the closer which is the one tune which carries somewhat of a nice gospel style of vibes (even before he began singing in the cabaret, Tenna got his original start (like so many others) singing in church. This type of tune isn't normally not my favourite (see Jamelody's album, Be Prepared for an even bigger selection of such tunes) but Zion Gates did stick to me a bit. I love the nice saxophone playing in the background and Tenna doesn't really seem to follow a set pace or cadence (besides the nice chorus) as much as he just seems to sing from the heart. Definitely an excellent way to end Give Thanx 4 Life.And I have to mention that Battlefield, Bobby Tenna's effort on the famed 83 Riddim (and potentially his biggest tune to date) is curiously NOT on Give Thanx 4 Life.Overall, there is a rather large segment of fans who really picked up on the roots vibes with people such as Tarrus Riley, Duane Stephenson and Gyptian and should you happen to fall into that group of people, I think you would REALLY enjoy this album. While its not as 'new' sounding as any of those artists (whom I've described as purveyors of `neo-roots reggae'), its one which I think could lead such a fan (if they weren't already a big fan of the roots) even further into artists like Luciano, Bushman and Junior Kelly. Now, if you are already a fan of those artists and by extension a big fan of the roots  then you don't even need my approval on this one. Give Thanx 4 Life is an excellent debut album from Bobby Tenna, an artist who seems to have developed an overall FEEL for the vibes which could someday lead him to the forefront of roots business. Definitely very un-cabaret-like!
I like very much this CD, and the quiality is very good for the time of record. The problem is that the package don't contain any information but the track titles and general information of the years of recordings. Thera are nothing about Carmen Amaya life and music or about the musicians, no explanation of the folk music of Andalusia and the recording details, etc.
I first heard the CD and learned of this group while on a recent trip to Louisiana.  This is beautiful music from a very talented and award-winning group so should be more readily available.  Since the CD was not available on Amazon, I purchased the MP3 version instead and have been very happy with it.  Some of my favorites are the songs featuring the female vocalist, Megan Brown, such as: Marie Has Died, Beautiful Louisiana, and I Had a Dream Last Night.  You don't have to be a serious fan of Cajun music to appreciate this "album", and I am the proof.
A friend of mine referred this album to me. At first I was reluctant to buy it because I never heard of C-Born Nacirfa and I really don't like rappers from Houston, TX. But man I'm so glad I bought this album. C-Born recaptures the elements of hip hop with flawless creativity. His style is unique totally untypical of Houston rappers. The production is on point. His lyrics are cleaver and bold, demanding attention. C-Born keeps it versatile with interesting subject matters, unlike the typical party and dance or the so called gangsta thug nonsense that currently floods the airwaves. This is exactly the kind of music that needs to be propagated especially in times like this. If you like artists like Immortal Technique, Nas, Dead Prez, Common or Mos Def then you will love C-Born Nacirfa. I recommend this album to anybody who still has a longing for real hip hop music. Don't sleep on it!!!
I've always maintained that if someone, somehow and someway managed to get to the planet Mars and drop a boom riddim, that I would then, somehow and someway find a way  to track it down. While I have to admit the globalization does tend to make things a bit more `complicated' tracking things down (especially here in the Caribbean) which are produced abroad, the rewards for doing almost always outweigh the troubles. Within the last couple of years I virtually learned the French and Creole languages just to be able to fully enjoy the ridiculous cache vibes emanating from France and the French West Indies. And these days, I'm slowly but surely catching up on the local scene picking up on artists from St. Maarten and the extended Netherlands Antilles (biggup Ambassador Junior Lion, wicked artist from the French side), which means my Dutch is being sharpened as well (Suriname, big big reggae country). And while I may be the exception for the moment, I don't think the day is too far away when, because of the true STRENGTH of the vibes, reggae heads will have to become multilingual across the board just to really take everything in. All the while I've been doing my island hopping, a far more familiar territory has been burgeoning as well as it has become all but impossible to ignore what is going on in the States' reggae scene and particularly that on the west coast of the country. My first real experience with the vibes came through a label (still functioning and with current 2008 releases as well) by the name of Lustre Kings Productions (most notably, last year, they released the solid Midnite album, Infinite Quality) who definitely caught my eye with a wicked compilation by the name of Culture Dem featuring many of Jamaica's finest artists (including Sizzla, Capleton, Luciano, Anthony B, Jah Mason, Lutan Fyah etc.). A subsequent Vol. 2 of Culture Dem, a big mixtape (Calling All Jah Children), and album releases from Lutan Fyah (Time & Place) and Turbulence (The Future, through JetStar) not only really pushed the label to near the top of my favourite production houses (where it still remains today) anywhere, it also opened the flood (at least to me, and probably literally), to other such labels such as Zion High (which I believe is in the state of Florida), Royal Inity Records (big Ras Attitude release, Royal Lionage), Greensphere Records (several BIG BIG recent releases), Irie Sounds, I Dwell Records (released the last Al Pancho album, My Story) and now, Itation Records. All these labels, interestingly enough, have rather easily managed to attract some of the BIGGEST of big name reggae artists from all over the Caribbean (and the entire world for that matter).Speaking of some of the BIGGEST names in reggae, that is ultimately (at least in part) what brought me to sight up Itation Records even more so than most of the other California based labels. You can't very well release a riddim with the likes of the expected names such as Sizzla and Jah Mason, but then back them up with the HIGHLY unexpected faces of Freddie McGregor, Wayne Wonder and even the Flames crew, Tony Rebel and Queen Ifrica. On a riddim (I THINK) produced by Cruzan reggae wizard Batch and he himself voices the tune as well! Which is exactly what Itation did late 2007/early 2008 with its (to my knowledge) first set, the very nice Higher Meditation riddim (they even had the First Lady of the Ship, Shema on the riddim, a truly diverse landscape of artists). The riddim itself, was top notch, a very smooth and simple, yet LUSH roots riddim which really caught on. It attracted so much attention that I can actually recall hearing the riddim on local radio once or twice and I rarely pay attention to the radio at all (because they seem to love the absolute WORST riddims you'll ever hear and KEEP them on medley style spins constantly). Any riddim boasting such credentials is definitely something to keep and eye on and because I've long had both of my eyes on Batch (and the riddim is another notch in the belt of one of the most talented rootsmen on the planet altogether) and the riddim doesn't OFFICIALLY go to the credit of his own Sound V.I.Zion label, Itation definitely crept onto my radars full fledged. While the label will undoubtedly have a way to go to reach the heights of Lustre Kings (FOR ME PERSONALLY), it has definitely gotten off to a good start and I'll be watching for subsequent releases. Meet subsequent release #1, the very subtly beautiful (and aptly titled) Show Love Riddim. The riddim itself is actually produced by Zion High Productions (who you remember for having done the very MATURE Holding Firm album for Ras Attitude) and mixed by Dread Lion (who I believe is the head of Itation Records) and as it reaches its album form, is even more packed than the well stuffed Higher Meditation's eighteen tracks, `besting' its elder by one track. The lineup for the Show Love at first glance, is just mad! While gone are the rather `random' (but VERY impressive) names on the Higher Meditation such as McGregor and Rebel (both of whom record selectively these days yet tour constantly), they are replaced by more modern TOP NOTCH talents. Really, if you look at some of the names on the Show Love, it is the type of roster generally reserved for the likes of Bobby Digital, Xterminator, Don Corleone, Arif Cooper, No Doubt or some of the other larger labels on the island. The Show Love also avails itself to some of the top talents from the Virgin Islands as well, which is something you wouldn't find on the top Jamaican labels and as it would make since if there was an influx of local reggae labels in California, that there would be a steady stream of quality artists ready to voice. The Show Love riddim shows this definitely showing some of the top State born California roots talents (several of whom I've never heard of and I love hearing new talent) and displaying them alongside the Jamaican and VI veterans and up and coming artists. At thee end of the day the Show Love riddim `shows' itself to be VERY strong and its album definitely an interesting trip through reggae-California for me.The Show Love riddim itself is a very nice piece. If you really take a listen to the clean version (which is thankfully included on the album as the final track) you can really see how subtle the track is. Notice all the sounds, ESPECIALLY the nyah drum which is just a nice touch and really gives a bigger vibe to the riddim. Taking the first shot at actually riding the Show Love vocally is a combination of veteran Jamaican cultural DJ Prezident Brown alongside Californian artist Jah Sun (who I believe actually co-produces the Show Love) with the title track. I have actually heard Jah Sun previously due to the MASSIVE combination he pulled off for his album, The (decent) Height of Light, No Bones, No Blood alongside wicked wicked chanters Lutan Fyah and Ras Attitude. Prezident and Jah Sun really get things off to a very nice start. The tune doesn't actually go anywhere which you might not expect, as it encourages to simply give thanks and show love (really something we SHOULD know already) (just have a hard time showing it at times), but the tune is well solid and really has one of the most memorable choruses on the riddim altogether. Up next is one of the real highlights on any riddim on which he appears, big baritone roots singer from out of St. Thomas (Jamaica) Natty King (currently playing on my tables with the WICKED Slew Dem In de Open on the Ilove Riddim), with the well powerful Let Them Live. As he says in the tune's punch line, "Leave Jah children and let them live", King really pushes a big and heavy message to the masses. You won't really find something obtrusively spectacular on most of Natty King's tunes , but his power comes through in tunes like Let Them Live which borders on VERY SIMPLE brilliance. Closing the opening is the first VI representative (you cover all corners on the opening tracks, first California, then Jamaica and then the Virgin Islands), St. Thomas resident (by way of Dominica) the typically WICKED Niyorah from the Star Lion Family with Biggest Thugs. To be perfectly honest, the tune took QUITE AWHILE to grow on me (and it still is) and I don't consider it to be amongst the artists' absolute strongest material that I've heard, but its much more of a message that he is obviously trying to get across for all to be careful of not confusing those who enforce the ways of the system. It isn't always the most pleasing thing to the ears, however, and it is almost always Niyorah's style to give BOTH, pleasing music and big big knowledge in his tunes.Were you to continue just going through the tracks sequentially (and I will for at least a moment) the next two tracks on the Show Love riddim album are definitely my favourite two tracks on the riddim altogether. I don't know exactly whose idea it was to place Norrisman alongside Pressure Busspipe on a tune here, but whoever he/she is, is an absolute Genius! I had been one of the most vocal detractors of Norrisman as of late with several recent tunes (and a complete album for that matter) just not reaching anywhere near the normally wicked Trenchtown chanter's standards, but his combination with St. Thomas native Pressure is the strongest piece here! When Your Time Is Up is an apocalyptic warning to the masses carrying a HUGE HUGE vibes! At his best, Norrisman can make such tunes almost at will (check We Are the Creators on the Home & Away album) and for his part, Pressure more than holds his own on a tune reminding all to live righteously as those who don't will surely pay for their actions, When their time is up. BIG BIG TUNE (and I've just been told it is to be a part of the looooooooooong overdue Lustre Kings release from Norrisman, definitely looking forward to that)! Lutan Fyah checks in next with the second strongest piece here the BEAUTIFUL Trodding Alone. At this point listening to Fyah is like going to class daily the Spanish Town native chanter just drops so much knowledge in every verse! Trodding Alone is no different at all as he reminds all that even though you are out there alone, "The Most High see us through!". Another big tune. Batch comes back for Itation, this time as a vocal artist alone with his very impressive Righteously Starving. Batch is another artist who you really need to pay a keen attention to as he pushes so much knowledge in his music. On his tune I almost had gotten lost in the words, it could have been an accapella, just LISTEN and you'll catch a big heavy vibes. This time around Batch brings his good friend and prot&eacute;g&eacute; Ras Attitude (who was surprisingly absent from the Higher Meditation) for his go at the Show Love, Only Jah Knows. Again, I don't think the tune is even close to his best material (and if you haven't been vibing Attitude recently he has really set the bar SO HIGH for himself), but it works here just a bit. Who scores more than `just a bit' however is the only solo female artist on the riddim (biggup Fiona for her combination with Delly Ranks which could have been THE big lovers track for the riddim, but Fiona far outshines the annoyingly over-animated Delly there) Cruzan Lady Passion with her wicked I Am Blessed. Lady Passion is ever so quietly one of the most creative and impressive artists on the VI scene altogether. I Am Blessed is a tune which reinforces that as she employs several different styles (including one in a pure DJ style which appears to be a COMPLETE freestyle, very impressive) to a wonderful effect. Of all the various unknowns to me on the Show Love DEFINITELY the most impressive is Ishi Dube (WHO!) on Blessed Be alongside Jah Dan who I know from various Lustre Kings and Project Groundation productions (he was actually on the first Culture Dem if I recall correctly). Ishi Dube REALLY compliments Dan to a nice vibes on the tune and I'll be looking out for the artist in the future. Also well worth mentioning is Bermy Troy Anthony on his Oh Mama. Anthony I believe is a very new artist, however he has a very nice old school style of vibes in his singjay style which is a wonderful key to have as it separates him from the pack on his obligatory Mama tune for the riddim (and I guess I'll have to keep paying attention to Bermuda after Collie Buddz and now Troy Anthony, who was also on the Higher Meditation). Speaking of obligatory, closing the album (before the aforementioned clean riddim version) is Ras Indio from out of Belize. I've actually heard quite a bit about Indio (largely due to a big combination with Lutan Fyah, name Digital) and he's made a bit of progress in Jamaica. Indio is definitely a RAW talent which I'd like to see develop a bit more, but tunes like Healing of the Nation definitely help that cause as its very solid and probably a better effort on the subject then anyone could have wanted on the album (that is, unless they turned Batch loose on such a tune, as he has proven to craft BRILLIANT herbalist anthems almost at will). And I have to mention Army's well solid Turn Up the Heat which missed his recent impressive long player, Zion Soldiers Chant, but you can hear it here.Overall, I don't want to paint the picture that everything is on the upside here. Notice I didn't mention bigger names such as Gyptian, Al Pancho and Binghi Ghost (alongside Luv Fyah) because I think they all miss the mark on their offerings. And the riddim is sans a big dominant lover's tune which it could have so easily supported. BUT such a STRONG riddim is just about a can't miss and even in the case of the tunes from the likes of Ras Matthew, Rocker T and ESPECIALLY the potentially wicked Ishi Dube, this is the type of riddim which gets their names out there even further to the masses (and people like me start talking about them, thus, people like you start reading about them) and really gives them an opportunity  to develop as well. Big respect goes to Itation records and all the people behind the scenes on the Show Love for comprising such an eclectic group of artists to voice such a nice riddim and really doing EVERYTHING for it one could ask. As a new label, two releases deep, perhaps that is something which could become a staple of the label in that they offer such a wide variety of artists on their pieces and being in the reggae rich part of the world they are, they certainly have that opportunity. I recommend the Show Love riddim album to new and older fans of modern roots reggae music alike as it really PACKS a great deal of heavy vibes, very soothing and uplifting to the spirit. . . AND YOU JUST NEED TO HEAR WHEN YOUR TIME IS UP!
Lindstrom's first LP resides somewhere in between all these adjectives and outside all of them. Norwegian born Lidstrom is mostly known for the sick single "I Feel Space" in 2005, creating much anticipation for this full length. The record doesn't disappoint, actually building on the craftsmanship of his earlier releases to be an intricate triumph.A hypnotizing record, Where You Go I Go Too manages to tiptoe the line between of background and dance music while remaining an electronic record in its own. It's hard to classify it as either a headphones or a dance floor record because it never decides between them; it chooses both. At it's most ethereal moments, the record resemblesAmbient 2: The Plateaux of Mirror, at it's most expansive, a pounding symphonic trance mix. The shifting nature of the title track, house beats tinged with bells and and kraftwerk-esque keyboards disintegrating into a pile of loops, shows the work of an artist in control of his devices as opposed to  an artist who lets the keyboard do the talking This is true of the subsequent tracks as well, all of which enjoy fleeting epic phrases that morph into dream-like ambiance.At it's best, Lindstrom's self titled release can accomplish almost everything it needs to. It uplifts and sedates, expands sound and narrows it, repeats and destroys. But for all of it's grandeur, the simplicity becomes the flaw, making it impossible to be truly placid. But then again, that's the point. All of the cheesy synths and pulsing rhythms aren't supposed to taking you anywhere in particular, but they are taking you somewhere. The potential for it to be fantastic is there, and this is as close as this style of music is going to get... until the next one.
This is good, its legendary rishi rich style of music, but i didnt know mumzi was bangeli, thats cool, because he sounds like he's from jamiaca.
Her voice is incredible. I have three of her DVDs and it is amazing that such a powerful voice could come from such a young, small person. I expect that she will continue to evolve and get better and better as she matures. But I can't imagine her voice being any better than it is on this DVD.
Charice is a great, great singer.  One of the great voices of these modern days.
The Wife loves it - she listens to it all the time on her Ipod and pc at work and at home.
Gloria's first album no doubt rocked the Mexican scene of the end of the 80's. A vagabond in the streets of Mexico city the day before, and overnight, Mexico's hottest new star. Gloria had to shed blood and tears to prove that she was the next icon in Mexican pop culture. This album contain the first of Gloria's Top #1 hits in Mexican radio, the cynical &#34;Doctor Psiquiatra&#34;. I remember when that song came out, Gloria was still a singer with no face, and everybody wanted to know who the crazy girl shrieking &#34;don't look at my legs, no! no! no! I'm not crazy&#34; was.Finally, in spite of Raul Velasco's disapproval, she gave her debut performance at Siempre en Domingo, after which she was vetoed by the &#34;tiger&#34; Emilio Azcarraga, as he was supposedly embarrased in front of Mexico's Archbishop, when Gloria came out on stage. The veto wouldn't last much, and Gloria's success on the radio guaranteed her a comeback. She would be a regular on Televisa and Siempre en Domingo until shortly before her capture by the Interpol in Rio de Janeiro, in the year 2000.This album also contains other Gloria's quintessential classics, such as &#34;&iquest;Qu&eacute; voy a hacer sin &eacute;l?&#34;, &#34;Ma&ntilde;ana&#34; and &#34;No tengo ropa&#34;. Importantly, she dared (at the request from Sergio Andrade) to cover the Rolling Stones' classic hit &#34;Satisfaction&#34; in a Spanish version that is not as horrible as you would think it would be. Gloria definitively has a talent for shock rock and had she mastered the English language, she would have become a worldwide hit. Her lyrics, however, are so poetical, so rooted in the Spanish language, that they are impossible to translate without losing their meaning and wit.In summary, this is a great effort for a new-born star, and the album that would skyrocket her to the status of Mexican celebrity.
(4.5stars)You can disagree with me if you like, however, in my opinion reggae music is BY FAR the coolest musical genre in the entire world. If you happen to be looking for the type of vibe that you can just put your feet up to and relax, maybe with a special someone, then you can check R&B; if feel it so, but for me its reggae music all day and all night (to be perfectly fair, its like that for me anyway). And while many times that fact can become quite difficult to see through all of the gun-boasting and gal-toasting dancehall style jump-up tracks, just a little bit of effort for a listener, even in this time, can lead to a whole heap of VERY interesting artists and sounds on the more relaxed and cool side of the vibes. Traditionally, there have been the likes of Cocoa Tea who makes a brand of reggae which, although distinctly reggae music, often lends itself to fans of various musical forms due to the ULTRA laid back nature of the artist's vibes at his absolute best; and OF COURSE, the coolest man in the world, Beres Hammond. Over the years as Hammond's legacy has grown throughout reggae music (as a producer, a label head and a scout of talent as he has brought forth some very talented youths), he has become the single most recognizable name (and face) of the lover's rock style. There have also been very popular names over the years such as Sanchez and Wayne Wonder (both of whom incorporate a more traditional R&B; style of vibes in there music, ESPECIALLY Sanchez), Tony Curtis (and as an extension, the group LUST) and wicked young singers Da'Ville and Alaine (who has had a fine combination with Hammond, Love Sounds, for Taxi Gang and what may be one of the coolest reggae songs of ALL time), both of whom show potential to one day bring not only themselves to greater prominence, but the entire genre of Lover's Rock reggae back to the forefront as well. In this case, I must mention the legendary singer Freddie McGregor, who definitely incorporated some VERY COOL vibes into his vibes over the years (and continues to) and has largely done so in a more modern style (even `back in the day' McGregor had a bit more of a progressive style to his vibes). Whether it was the cool brand of lover's music or the roots on which he largely established his name, McGregor has made himself one of the most respected singers in reggae history. Whether it McGregor, Hammond, Sanchez, Wayne Wonder, Cocoa Tea or one of the other names that I mentioned, definitely the cool cool aspect of reggae music has not lost its way at all, its still out there and seemingly on it's way back.Obviously, its first stop back has been the UK where the virtually assembly production line of cool vibes and cool reggae singers continues to run as it has been for well over thirty years. In Jamaica, we haven't actually had a great bit of access to the names such as Lloyd Brown and Peter Hunnigale over the years (although some of the work that native artists such as Earl 16, Alton Ellis and others over the years has made it back and achieved a nice piece of popularity. The exception has been Bitty Mclean and somewhat Lloyd Brown, both of whom (especially Brown recently) opened me up to the WEALTH of vibes going on over in the UK, and if you are a reggae fan and haven't been paying attention, definitely link up some of the big UK singers and you'll feel like someone dropped you back in 1975 Jamaica. Although probably not as popular as Brown, Mclean or Peter Hunnigale, one of the singers who has really struck a chord with me has definitely been the wicked wicked Birmingham based Peter Spence. Oddly enough, the first thing I noticed about Spence, even before his music, was the fact that he was a well known veteran artist who had apparently been around for quite awhile (over twenty), but didn't have too much material on the shelves when compared to Brown, Hunnigale and Mclean (especially Brown and Mclean). HOWEVER, what he did have out was probably some of the most well done, polished and just all around well crafted vibes I've heard from the UK scene and I definitely had to take a closer look. Taking a closer look of course meant seeking out an album or two and the first one I came about was his most recent (at the time) the very nice Emotionally Charged from just 2007 for Cousins Records. I cannot sing the praises of Cousins enough (and if you read my reviews you know I do it A LOT), but the label, besides pushing out some of the best roots albums in the game these days, has also filled a void left by JetStar which was (at its peak) a BIG international reggae label based in the UK which focused much of its attentions on developing and releasing local UK talent. Emotionally Charged really lightened me up to Spence's style which was very much so in fitting with the vibes I had heard already from the UK. Even though it wasn't exactly his best work (as I've come to see the man is capable of MUCH more than the still `strong' Emotionally Charged album), I was still very interested in what else was there and I went back and found even more solid material. Thus, I was glad to see that in the not too distant future he would be releasing his second effort for Cousins (who seem to have their artists on an annual schedule, which is a good thing as Brown is already reportedly working on his follow-up to his 2007 WICKED Silver album for the label as well) and through his own Sidewalk Entertainment, Strength. STRENGTH is one of the best reggae albums I've heard altogether in the first half of 2008 and the second have would have to WELL STRONG full of releases to force it outside of my top ten at the end of the year I'm sure. What Peter Spence shows on Strength is a style which harkens back to that of Freddie McGregor (at least in my opinion) quite a bit, as besides the COOL COOL material which lines the album, he also adds a very nice rootical spice in the vibes resulting in one seriously `strong' album for reggae fans (and all fans for that matter) seeking something a bit more relaxed in their vibes.Strength is an album largely produced and compiled by Spence together for his own label (Brown did pretty much the same for his Silver album) and, as he is also a fairly accomplished musician, that's not a bad thing. The music is top notch throughout. Getting things started here is the very nice Baby I. Baby I is a song that is probably EXACTLY what you might expect going into things here and the first note you hear absolutely just drops the pace (or at least it did for me as I was listening to a soca tune just before it began) of everything and spins into one of the most memorable lover's pieces on the entire album (which is saying a lot). The tune is just SWEET SWEET, I would even suggest that its the type of tune you need not even push play on if you happen to be involved in a situation where you have a recently ended relationship, if you are in such a position, you might be brought to tears before the end of the 4:40 (I'm happily married and it almost got me!). Next up is another song which I would have expected as well although I'm not as thrilled about its presence as Baby I; No One a remake of Alicia Keys' popular tune of the same name from just 2007 I believe. It has ALWAYS been a practice in lover's rock music and the UK scene to my knowledge to take older tunes and remake them and I definitely don't have a problem with that (we wouldn't even have a Sanchez if it wasn't accepted). I just think that a song should BREATHE a bit before its remade and even though No One is a tune which is so easily remade (the original, if I'm not mistaken, almost even had its own one-drop). The tune here isn't at all BAD, but I think it might have looked even better on an album three or four years down the line from now. That being said, all apprehension or disapproval I may have for No One is COMPLETELY erased on the tune which follows it, the SPECTACULAR Take Your Time, Strength's overall strongest tune. I don't know if the song is a remake or what, but it sounds incredibly familiar and all praise goes to Spence for creating such a master class of a tune. Take Your Time is a tune warning young people maybe falling in love for the first time, to just do that: TAKE YOUR TIME and make sure you think about and consider all things going on. On the song's punch line (at least for me) and most memorable line, Spence wonderfully warns the guys to, "Take your time to say you're sorry, maybe she'll forgive you this time again". The tune is just PERFECT! Wonderful way to close the beginning to this nearly equally wonderful album.While the vibes on Strength never reach Take Your Time's level again for me, they remain high constantly throughout. One of the real highlights here and the album's sole combination is a very interesting tune, War a remake of Bob Marley's classic of the same name with constant Peter Spence spar, DJ Tippa Irie. To my knowledge the tune is actually a remix of Tippa's tune, whichever way it came to be, it works nicely. Vibing wonderfully over Massive B's Jah Love riddim (which you know from backing Chezidek's hit Inna di Road), a remake itself of an old Yabby You riddim. Very nice track. I'll also briefly mention the very nice story style 2 Keys, an excellent which I'll leave to be heard to be revealed, but flows ever so lovely over the wonderful Chi Chi Bud riddim. Also check the downright addictive Yours 4 Keeps, another potential tear jerker (if you just feel like crying a little Strength will UNDOUBTEDLY do the trick!) but a sweet tune nonetheless and one which I feel could do well in R&B; circles despite its decidedly reggae twist. Besides Take Your Time, the real story about Strength is the way in which early in the album you have roots and rootical elements sprinkled in the vibes, but the album at its conclusion just pours on the roots and does so to a FINE degree. The title tune itself is the first harbinger of things to come and after the really unsettling intro to the tune (I was just hoping Spence wasn't about to go country on the tune) shows itself to be a solid almost reggae gospel style of tune (sounding like something out of (Lil)Hero's catalogue)  complete with a nice nyah drum and everything. Still, its far from the best roots effort of the album (that comes later). Check African Princess which is a tune which kind of blends the lover's and roots together (and does so on a near R&B; vibes). African Princess is one the sweetest tunes on the album, my wife absolutely LOVES the tune and yours will too! Jahovah is another strong rootical effort (which oddly enough has somewhat of an old school dancehall vibes in it) and the one tune on the album which will have you singing so closely along to it: It is a very jovial style of roots/gospel and one of the most memorable Strength has to offer. The real roots `strength' on Strength, however, definitely comes in the albums final two full tunes, Unconquerable and Jah Is Love. Unconquerable (aka King of Kings) is Spence's unexpected, yet BRILLIANT ode to His Imperial Majesty (duh! who else could be Unconquerable?). The song covers it's points absolutely lovely, but what really impresses is the tune's final full verse which begins to extend the praising of HIM to life and going into a nice detail of what HE means to the world, something which you typically only see from the real roots masters so definitely biggup Mr. Spence for Unconquerable. Jah Is Love is another such very impressive tune in a far more straight forward style (Unconquerable actually flows nicely over a classic vibed riddim). Jah Is Love is a big anthem style roots tune with the heavy one-drop and the type of tune which I always hope for from a talented reggae vocalist, regardless the style of music he sings. Definitely a big big track. The album officially ends with a hidden track, The Strength Interlude, which also has a bit of a gospel vibes and I'm not complaining about it all.Overall, meet my sleeper pick of a reggae album for the year 2008. Strength (as the title would suggest) is STRONG throughout and besides offering you that SWEET SWEET classic vibes which only reggae can offer it also switches things up and does so extremely well. Peter Spence does what Lloyd Brown does and what (at least partially) attracted me to the vibes in the first place and does so, so clean and so polished that you might even think his basis is the roots (and for all I know, it may actually be). Strength is an album showing a talent which I think Freddie McGregor himself would be so proud of. Peter Spence is a STRONG artist for pushing vibes like Strength alone. One of the best reggae albums of 2008 period.
I'm happy with their music. Unfortunately, the 1st CD I bought from them had these songs listed on it but were actually the songs from &#34;Bring Back&#34;. Had to edit and retitle the tracks but it's all good now.
This great new Venezuelan band has created a unique style with International export quality. "Mocuelo" is their debut album. It inludes songs that became an absolut hit after only a few weeks on air (Desapareces,Me Desenfocas). Their music is a balanced mixture of soft rock, electronics sounds, and a prodigious lead singer who also writes their lyrics. They created a very sticky sound.. Buy it and try it.. you'll love it.
For those unfamiliar with Algae this collection is the full load meaning it includes all his commercial releases and some unreleased tracks  under the title of his never recorded full length album.It covers material from the band Afterbirth that he was frontman for to his solo named stage to his final days with Playpen.I rated it so highly because if you are a fan it has the song you want!Algae is a member of the New England Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame and back in the 80's and early 90's his various bands delivered his unique Diaper Rock that has elements of metal &#34;Medical Waste&#34;, punk &#34;I Reject&#34; reggae &#34;Baby Rasta&#34; rockabilly &#34;Baby Elvis&#34; and more even his Hip Hop Diaper Rap &#34;Mini Golf&#34;.Experience one of the most creative artists or one of the most bizarre, you be the judge as you enjoy it!
Remember the 7 year old with the hit Cucu Bam Bam- the exercise song recorded in 4 languages (English, Spanish, Italian and Japanese).  Well 13 years later she is back with a new album that is hitting "big time" in Mexico.  If you do not enjoy Latin Music, Latin Pop, or Reggaeton, then this is  not album for you.  If you are Reggaeton fan like me, then there are several very good songs.  Of note are Un Dia Como Hoy, and Un Regresso Contigo.  In any case, thanks to the digital revolution, you can easily listen to the songs, and if you like them, then download, and if not, simply pass.  Welcome back Kathy.  Hope you are a big hit.
I got dragged to a concert that my wife wanted to go to last weekend.  I didn't really think that I would have that great of a time, as we had seen the headliner perform on several other occasions.  However, the opener was The Third Degree.  I live in central Arkansas, and I have heard of the band before, because they play venues around here all of the time.I must say that I was impressed.  It was a 3-person band, with a drummer, a lead (+ rhythm) guitarist, and a bassist/vocalist.  The band had a Disturbed/Godsmack/Bluesy type of feel.  I really enjoyed it.The guitar playing was absolutely amazing.  I haven't seen fret burning of this caliber *live* in a long time, and I have been to a lot of concerts.I give The Third Degree a very solid 4.5 out of 5.  Thanks for the great show and great album, guys.
Two grand masters of the veena, the older South Indian or Karnatic equivalent of the North's sitar, come quickly to mind: Chitti Babu and S. Balachander. In this live recording, Balachander is accompanied by an uncredited violinist who performs in solo sections and together as exchanges with Balachander. A mridangam drum joins in the last part. The veena has a baritone twang and the violin's short bowing produces a scratchy sound. While a longtime fan of the North Indian tradition rather than Carnatic music, I still can recognize inventive mastery and Balanchander's creative riffs are fine indeed, voiced in approval by himself (much like jazz pianist Keith Jarrett). He performs raga Sri with a ragmala in the long middle section. This budget album comes from the personal tapes of Balachander's estate with minimal digital remastering.
S. Balachander is the most expressive and dynamic veena player I've heard. Practically every note sounds like he put everything he had into it. His use of vibrato and bends is frequent, extreme, and moving. He doesn't seem interested in merely conveying the mood of a rag; his phrasing is creative and well thought-out, and he never noodles. This is a must-hear for anyone interested in veena.That said, the recording is atrocious, even by the low standards of Indian classical music. It sounds like it was recorded with a cheap stereo mic in a large, highly reverberant school classroom. The performers seem to be jamming more than trying to focus on making a recording. You hear a lot of banging sounds (pick against the body of the instrument?) in the first track, and there's a lot of oral chatter going on throughout.If it were a better recording I'd give it five stars. As it is, it's still highly recommendable.
I barely knew what cumbia was when I stumbled across this group. I certainly had no idea anything with an accordion as the lead instrument could be this cool.This is a slick, modern, take on the cumbia genre. An irresistable dance rhythm with Columbian folk roots. Four young women from Corpus Christi dress this tropical groove up for a night on the town. I've been listening to these tracks for months and its still as fresh and hip swiveling as when I first got hooked.Whether you are a latin music fan, dig girl groove, or need the perfect mood music to go with that strawberry daquiri, this is one tropical storm you won't want to take shelter from.
If I could imagine a band that was equal parts Santana, The Mahavishnu Orchestra and Weather Report, I still wouldn't come close to these folks. I've known Danny Godinez (guitar and a big star in France as part of Pura Fe's band) and John Frickhe (electric muted trumpet for a post-Miles Davis sound that changes the sound of the bank and Farko Dusomov (the hottest electric bass player since Jaco) for years. Danny and John played my wedding with their previous band from which Spellbinder grew. Joe Doria is new to me but really growing on me and well, I first met Michael when he sat in with Danny and John and their old band at the Owl and Thistle pub in Seattle. What a night that was! My brother-in-law had been practicing drums to Michael Shrieve for years and knew every lick and then his hero walks in unannounced the night we were there!This album will be addictive if you let it be and they have more music coming. A typical night will include a Shrieve composition from Santana's Caravanserai, Danny's "Flamenco", some licks from "Miles Runs The Voodoo Down" in Farko's amazing solos, and of course Gabor Szabo's "Spellbinder."Buy it!
I bought this cd and up to know I`m still enjoying these beautiful music by some og Jamaica great singers and rappers, if you get a chance to buy this album please but it you will never regret it.
Good songwriting, beatifully produced, with a myriad of vocalists taking center stage. Highlight: the hypnotic "Veil Between Us" sung by Nadine Miller (of Swagg) that swirls around one's head like your 4th martini. Fans of Burt Bacharach/Brian Wilson even Paul McCartney take note.
This is yet another great CD from Despina  Vandi and Foivos, one of the two top power duos of Greek pop music (Anna Vissi & Karvelas being the other one)! This single disc is not really a new album, as this was first released back in December of 2007 in one of the most mind-numbing and confusing record packaging in recent memory (who was the marketing genius behind that fiasco?).The album originally was released as a 3 cd set, with 15 new songs and 15 rather pointless remixes of her older hits.  Unfortunately, the plethora of older hits along with the album's title, "10 years together" (marking the 10 year anniversary of the duos collaboration), came across as a Greatest Hits packaging and as a result this was Despina's least successful album of the past 10 years, with only a brief stay of 6 weeks in the Greek chart.Heaven records realized the folly of that 3CD packaging fiasco, and finally released the album as a single disc with only the new songs included here (the Greek version of the CD also includes Despina's latest English song - for some reason the US version omits that hit single).This is the fifth studio album collaboration between Despina and songwriter Foivos, and even though it is not up to par with the duos 2001 double cd "Gia" (one of the most successful Greek albums of all time and a must-have for fans of Greek music), it is certainly a solid effort and the eclectic mix of Euro pop, dance, and Greek elafrolaika and Middle Eastern themed songs, is irresistible as ever.The album's first hit, the rocker "Thelo" (I want) is pretty much a note-by-note rewrite of the classic Coldplay hit "Clocks"; but then again Foivos has never been the most original of songwriters.  Nevertheless, Despina gives a very passionate performance and her vocals in the chorus resemble traditional Greek mourning songs, giving this "tribute" to Coldplay, a very interesting Greek twist.The best song by far on the album is the electro-dance gem "Otan Leipeis" (When you are gone), with a brilliant percussion heavy dance beat complementing Despina's ethereal vocal.  Even with the Greek lyrics, this should be enjoyable for anyone who likes Euro pop and dance music.On the other hand though, the single "H Gi kai h Selini" (Earth and the moon), is a rather cheesy 80s sounding pop song that should have been recorded by someone 20 years younger and definitely the low point of the album.  Furthermore, this is one of those songs by Foivos that sounds like it was a simple re-arrangement of one of his earlier hits.  Same goes for the similar themed "Kathe Mera" (Every day) which again sounds a bit dated (80s pop) and more like the kind of song a much younger artist would record.  Given that Despina has tons of teenage fans, that might not be a bad thing, but if I were to lose two songs from the album, these two would have been it.Thankfully the rest of the album makes up for those missteps, especially with a series of Greek elafrolaika songs like "Kathe treis kai ligo", "Provlepsimos", "Fantasou Apla" and the amazing "To Thauma".These are great examples of the Greek/European music fusion that is the mainstay of clubs all over Greece these days.  The Greek/middle Eastern elements are there, but the songs do have a strong European feel to them, making them perfect for those late night parties, and are guaranteed to get people on the dance floor in seconds."To Thauma"(Miracle) is definitely the stand-out track among this part of the collection, with a middle eastern break that segues into Greek dance beats.  This is one of those songs that is guaranteed to get the crowd cheering "Opa" as they belly dance to the irresistible beat. Same goes for the cheeky "Syndromo Sterisis" (Withdrawal symptoms), which again relies heavily on a Middle Eastern beat and a catchy chorus.The ballads are simply ok, with the title track being by far the best one - albeit one with very sappy lyrics.  Also notable, the ballad "Tha Thela" (I would like), which again combines Greek music elements with an electronic (almost R&B;) beat.Overall, a strong solid effort from the duo and highly recommended for anyone looking for some great Greek music and an eclectic mix of genres.  Nevertheless, if you want a true Greek music masterpiece for your collection, look for Despina's  "Gia" album (make sure you get the "Special Edition" with the 9 extra songs), or even the 2006 CD single "Kalanta" with the amazing title song that is one of Foivos' best compositions.Songs to download:Thelo - once you get past the Coldplay rip-off, this is actually pretty goodOtan Leipeis - one of the best electronic dance songs I've heard in the past yearTo Thauma - more of traditional Greek song , and a great one at thatAgapi - Great ballad, perfect for late night chill outProvlepsimos - another Greek traditional "laiko" song, which mixes Greek elements with Euro pop perfectlyOr better yet, buy the whole album, but avoid the 3 CD version with the dated remixes (the far superior originals can be found on Despina's earlier albums).Here's to 10 more years together!
This album for Turkish folk music is a kick in the pants.  The instruments are fun, the tunes picked are heart uplifting!  If you are looking for a good experience of Turkish folk instruments that raises your spirits and is traditionally consistent, this is a perfect album.
Slowly but surely we're beginning to see the lights shined brightly on the island of Bermuda after having spent most of the last two years booming with the success of its most popular reggae export to date. Collie Buddz was (and is) a force in the music which led to (and is still leading to) many fans considering more possible talents from Bermuda who otherwise wouldn't have taken an extra look at the tiny, lonely island. Over the past couple of years Buddz has all but added himself to the current overall landscape of reggae and dancehall (and even soca), to the point where, now, it is not at all a surprise to see his name listed amongst the standard Jamaican stars and would-be stars, both in the studio with the riddims and producers with which he gets to work and also in terms of performances with the festivals and stage shows he is billed on all over the reggae-loving world. Collie Buddz arrival on the scene is also noteworthy because he is (despite the somewhat `popular' backlash he receives amongst the hardcore reggae heads these days) actually a SKILLED and POLISHED artist, clearly having honed his craft to the best of his ability before his ultimate arrival in the vibes. Prior to Buddz' breakout with the MASSIVE Come Around, I believe my only REAL experience with reggae vibes coming from the island would have been in the form of Clinark (if you have ANY idea who Clinark is, just consider yourself fortunate, ESPCIALLY if you don't live in Europe). Clinark was/is (I believe he actually has an album to be released VERY shortly) an artist who made quite an impact with his very solid and very polished brand of roots/lover's rock reggae over the years, particularly in Europe, but as well a bit in Jamaica and in the States as well. While I don't rightly know whether or not (or to what degree if so) Clinark has actually literally helped Collie Buddz or how much of an influence he has been (and judging by Buddz' style, it may have actually been a bit, Buddz could be described as a `neo'- dancehall version of Clinark), it has to be said for the overall apparently vibes of the island, they obviously very much mirror what is going on in Jamaica as both Buddz and Clinark (and the most of the rest of the names I'm about to mention) have a very much modern, Jamaican feel to their vibes. Everyone who Clinark hasn't convinced to take a greater look at Bermy reggae artists certainly are now taking a greater look due to Buddz' BIG successes and continued developments as well. But what exactly are they seeing in that closer look?Well that might be seeing, just as I did, One of the things they may actually be seeing, especially now, is the WICKED roots/gospel reggae artist Troy Anthony who is currently popping up on reggae radars all over the world with consistently BIG tunes (check his very nice Oh Mama over Itation Records' Show Love Riddim); if it isn't Troy Anthony, then fans might be catching the vibes of Fire Kid, a RIDICULOUSLY talented up and coming roots/dancehall/gospel artist certain to take a bigger stage in the future as well. If they aren't seeing Anthony or the Fire Kid, then they maybe (just as you are right now, reading this review) be catching the vibes of First Class Records' lead man and producer Hype Nova. The young US based Nova (along with a `friend' or his, more on her in a bit) could very well represent the next level of what is to come from the vibes of Bermuda as he (and the label HOPEFULLY) have tapped some of the most potent young resources of the island and is maintaining a production schedule to push the vibes and capitalize on a window for success which, again due in large part to Collie Buddz (and in large part because Hype Nova apparently just makes VERY good riddims as well). Nova's style (at least at this early point of his career) is pretty strictly geared toward the younger audiences and thus, dancehall, which is a turn away from the Troy Anthony and even Fire Kid (Fire Kid is actually more of a roots/dancehall type of Sizzla, Capleton. . ., I juts think he happens to be a bit better when he's geared towards the dancehall) and its always wonderful to see someone, particularly the youths, literally CHANGING the vibes of a certain area and its reputation with one release. That one release which has grown and grown in the two years or so since it's release, has been Hype Nova's Hype Time Riddim. As the riddim reached album, it was originally cropped up and released by First Class itself, but as it has grown in stature over the years and the demand for SOLID and COMPLETE riddims for albums appears to have received a shot in the arm over the past year or so, it has now attracted the attention of the steadily growing UK based Cousin's Records' owner Donville Davis who has now picked up (re)distribution for the Hype Time riddim as part of their ever expanding Ride The Riddim series, exposing it to such a greater audience and making it available all over the world. If I can remember correctly, I do actually recall the piece getting quite a decent push throughout the Caribbean (although, at that point I had NO idea it was actually called the Hype Time and it was from a Bermy producer), due to one ASTONISHING quality it is (more on that in a minute) which it has. The riddim itself, coming now is quite a welcome (re)addition and breath of fresh air to the collection as it sounds even more original now, in the day and age where producers seem to go out and make the BIGGEST and MADDEST sounding riddim they can make. The riddim is VERY diverse and complex with STRANGE sounds coming from all over the place; a Spanish guitar sound, horns; a flute sounding vibe and just several others which ultimately go to serve for a very nice riddim (and an even nicer one considering it's a debut)  and, one of the more interesting riddim albums to reach so far this year as well definitely.The first thing which immediately caught my eye about the Hype Time riddim was both who ISN'T here and then who IS here, taking `his' place. Why such a riddim would reach from Bermuda without a Collie Buddz tune is just WRONG and a mystery to me (although maybe not considering the touring schedule he's been on the last couple of years). HOWEVER, a brief glance up the artist who did find time to voice the Hype Time riddim shows that Buddz isn't missed all that much at the end of the day. Just take a look at who gets things started! Up first is Capleton, who is known to be VERY selective in exactly who he chooses to voice for. Nova apparently got the Prophet's attention and thankfully so because his offering, the `routinely' titled Bun Dem, just so happens to be one of the biggest tunes on the Hype Time riddim altogether and may be a candidate to make his next VP album (based on title alone) whenever it reaches. Very nice way to get things started as Capleton wheels in his typical, parts roots, part dancehall on a riddim which is more geared towards the PURE dancehall arena, but definitely doesn't struggle in following King Shango's typically intense and fiery condemnations and exaltations.  Neither does it struggle backing the FAR more expected x-rated Stop Gwaan Tight from the FAR more expected (but still an excellent catch for Nova) Elephant Man. Elephant Man, at least in theory, will be able to turn in tunes like Stop Gwaan Tight well into his 60's and 70's should he so choose, and the masses of his fans will probably STILL love the tunes. This effort here is status quo Elephant Man, although, as is his `habit' occasionally' he slides in one of the heaviest and brilliant tongue twisting verses you'll hear on a riddim which EASILY supports such a vibe. And if you're a fan of dancehall and weren't impressed by Ele's efforts, then you'll DEFINITELY be more impressed as the King of dancehall himself, Beenie Man checks in with the riddim's finest tune overall, the RIDICULOUS Own Gun. I'm still (and perhaps will forever be) of the opinion that ALTOGETHER, the most talented individual to EVER pick up the mic in the dancehall was/is Beenie Man: At his absolute peak, there has NEVER been an artist capable of doing what he is able to do and do so while continuing to produce a steady stream of hits throughout his career. When you get to the MADNESS which is the second verse, you'll know exactly what I mean as Beenie Man quietly produces one of the greatest deliveries of his entire career. The rest of the tune is top notch as well as Own Gun proves to be a master class and the Hype Time's undeniable best effort. Look at that starting group! Capleton, Elephant Man AND Beenie Man, for an unknown producer. Many young producers (myself included are jealous).There are more surprise names still from the young Nova on his Hype Time riddim, before them, however, he introduces the international world to a far more `familiar' talent in the form of his own artist, Jazel with her very nice Fantasy. Jazel has the POTENTIAL ultimately to score on many of the same levels on which Rihanna achieved in terms of international success. Her popularity is growing in throughout the Caribbean and honestly having heard a lot of her other stuff, Fantasy isn't really her best work AT ALL, but its saying a bit that such a tune could DEFINITELY score here despite being far from her best from an artist you will probably know VERY well in just a couple of years. And before I resume the heavy hitters, I also have to mention an artist by the name of Shaw Bird (WHO?) who, to this day, I haven't heard of again and don't know who he is, but his effort here, Babylon A Stop Me is WONDERFUL! Shaw has a flow the likes of which is usually reserved for the masters of the game (he hasn't PERFECTED it quite yet, he often outruns the riddim itself on the tune) and I would love to hear more from him if the tune is at all indicative of his skill level (I actually think he's a local Bermy artist). Did I mention that Hype Nova had run some BIG name artists on the Hype Time as well??? Besides the crazy row which opened the album, Nova also links Wayne Marshall with the decent Caught Up, a tune with a story about a girl who has gotten stuck in the world of material things and lost site of the more important things in life which she once knew. I don't really feel like reminding you how much I usually don't like Marshall (but I think I just did) and the tune just doesn't work for me, however, it is a good tune for him, so if you like his style, you'll probably enjoy the tune. What I do enjoy is typically xxx-rated Vybz Kartel giving even more hype to the Hype Time with his Wine 2 the Bottom. The tune is typical `make your jaws drop' style of Kartel slack material you've come to expect from the lyrics bank. I would even suggest on this tune in particular, that even if you cannot tolerate such a tune and think it detrimental to the vibes and meaningless, you just STILL have to appreciate the way in which he draws up the delivery, as usual Kartel's wordplay is outstanding. Want more? If Capleton breaking his usually tight circle of producers for whom he'll voice wasn't enough for you, then check the equally elusive Mad Cobra with is Hollow Tips. Again, as in the case of Kartel, you may not appreciate the violent nature of the tune, but you have to appreciate the way the Snake BUILDS the gun tune which he does unlike ANYONE in the history of the game. Mr. Oh No himself, Red Rat, checks in later as well with the surprisingly decent There's No Way sounding far more mature than (he is) usual and the tune actually works nicely bigging up the females definitely. Bermy artist Krucial is the final vocal act here on my least favourite tune on the riddim, Come Wid It. Krucial needs a bit of work definitely and I don't think he was ready for such a riddim at this point (he literally repeats ALMOST EVERY lyric or melody in the tune). And the final track is an always useful clean version of the riddim which is just about mandatory on riddim albums these days.Overall, exactly how Hype Nova managed to build such a strong roster of artists as he did here is a mystery to me (and do so WITHOUT scoring Collie Buddz) but for the betterment of his riddim (and ultimately my listening experience) I'm very thankful that he did. Armed with a names which in unison are normally reserved for the lies of Don Corleone and Big Ship, Hype Nova and First Class produce a very danceable dancehall riddim and one which is very digestible and accessible for fans who haven't been listening to dancehall for a very long time either. In the process, he also gives us a taste of exactly what has been brewing over there in ole' lonely Bermuda, besides Collie Buddz. With more productions like such, Mr. Come Around might not be the only star calling the triangle home.
When governments cannot lend support to an urbane population center being trounced by a cruely indifferent regime, individuals can.  That aside, this recording by The Classical Arabic Orchestra of Aleppo is a pleasant introduction to Ottoman classsical tunes and instrumentation.  To those open to eclectic musical tastes this is emminently listenable.  The aural pleasantry reminds one of a time when fantastic imagery would be conjured, instead of the daily visuals of gun-wielding freedom-fighting rebels losing the good fight and being slaughtered by the overpowering weaponry of their state.  When you see a Syrian clutching a firearm and dodging behind a wall to escape a barage, think that those hands may have once been wrapped around a flute or strummed a lute.  When the dust has settled, all that may remain are these songs of musicians dead but not forgotten as long as we can listen and attempt to hear the hearts once beating behind.
Most Chicano rap compilations are hit or miss; either you get a collection of tracks by the best artists on a label, or music that's too underground to really enjoy.The Latin Rap Coalition CD is a nice change, mostly because of the diversity amongst the Mexican artists performing. All 16 tracks on the album are produced by Rags, as well as Shysti (the artist in charge of the annual Latin Rap Conference). The beats are all funk-flavored, and much better than some of the weak production that can make its way onto some label compilations. The album is a who's who of Chicano artists, including Queenie, Lil One, and Don Cisco.The biggest brick on the album is "Latin Lady" by Shandy, a Jamaican-influenced track that simply has no business on the CD. "Throw It Up" also sounds like a blatant bassline rip of "Karma" from Black Eyed Peas debut album. What makes up for that is the strongest cut on the album, "Barrio Nights" with Kid Frost, Shysti, Don Cisco and Shandy. The beat is an excellent takeoff of Boogie Nights, and all of the artists are at the top of their game. Shysti, while generally known for his political rapping, flows in perfect Spanglish over an incredibly catchy beat.As far as rap by Latin artists goes, this compilation is easily one of the best available. While it's not exactly Noches de Latin Hip Hop or the Pocos Pero Locos Shotcaller album, it's bettr than most underground style Chicano rap albums.
Once again, I wanted the music from the original Zumba dvd set to listen to on my shuffle. I have learned salsa, cumbia, & calypso routines from Zumba.
After hearing 2005's "Be With" I have been anxiously engaged in waiting for a full length release form Koushik. The Canada native whose music sounds like a cross between label mate Mablid (Yesterdays New Quintet, Madvillian, Quasimoto) who admittedly inspires Koushik, The Beach Boys, and My Bloody Valentine, proves with 'Out My Window" that patience truly will achieve more than force. All warped and wrapped into one dusty package, the end result is a digital form of sunshine; the music radiating a joy and sentiment of a child-like innocence. Armed with dusty break-beats and folk guitars (as well as tons of other instrument samples, including horns and rhodes) Koushik creates an ambient funky-jazzy-pop-ish world, inhabited only by a few, if any. Where Koushik's vocal capabilities may fall short a times, the musical arrangements are more than sufficient for one's full listening attention. Hazy and alluring, "Out My Window" is one grand listening experience.
"Out My Window" is complex and innovative, but not in a distracting way as some more experimental electronic albums sometimes are. It is clear that a lot of time and thought has gone into this album, and I am very impressed by the maturity of the sound given that this is, as I understand, Koushik's first full-length.The subdued nature of most of the songs is hides their complexity, and they survive repeated listens very well. Most songs work best as background music.I can't say I like all tracks, but here are the ones I kept from this album: "Be with", "Lying in the sun", "Nothing's the same", and "In a green space".
Not my favorite of all the many Van Van cd's but definitely has some classic songs. A staple for Cuban salsa lovers.
That song is While Your Lips are Still Red.  It's great to have Escapist in there too, something that was only released in the Japanese version of DPP.  While Your Lips are Still Red, however, is quite possibly the most touching, heartfelt, and real thing that Holopainen has ever written.  Everything else on this CD is icing on the cake, and the cake tastes good!
In retrospect (and in `current-spect') the dancehall has historically been a breeding ground for music's most unique and sometimes downright ODD looking individuals. While accepting musical skill as a different entity altogether from looks and personalities, one would have to admit that the obvious creativity which goes into building these `characters' and personalities is to be regarded as EASILY one of the most original aspects of dancehall music. Just think about it: Where else in the world and under which other musical genre could we have an individual like Elephant Man?  While some could (and have) definitely argue that the Waterhouse ace DJ is simply dancehall's answer to diminutive American R&B; singer Sisqo; Sisqo plays to his look and personality to be some romantic singing player, where Elephant will use it to be that, to be a thug on the mic, to be absolutely crazy and to be without a doubt the reigning clown of the dancehall (and I mean that in a good way). Where else could there exist an artist like Ninjaman, who, once a year, on Boxing Day's Sting concert dresses up as a Ninja, a Professor, a Cowboy, a Gypsy or whatever else he can think of and put together, each and every other time most likely you'll find him doing performances almost as if he was awaken from his sleep, and walked up to the stage AS HE WAS. And to say nothing about the Ninja's personality, DEFINITELY a unique individual. To a slightly lesser degree, there's King Yellowman, the dancehall legend who, these days, a man well into his forties (forty-nine to my knowledge) can STILL be found DAMAGING (just committing stage ATROCITIES!) stages all over the world, dressed like a eighteen year old kid; there's also  Capleton who seemingly spends fortunes on the most BEAUTIFUL robes on the planet; Luciano who looks like a King each and every time he walks out of the house; and of course we have a virtually colour-blind Bounty Killer whose wardrobe consists of NOTHING but Black and Black. While the look is in question, of the artists that I mentioned you definitely have to have a bit of skill to even make people take a notice of the look consistently. Also, one has to mention the countless and countless dancers who have taken and made fashion statements which have over the years undoubtedly influenced a few artists as well (see Ding Dong and Keiva). Yet, in terms of taking this to the most ABSOLUTELY SIMPLE degree, I and maybe even ALL of reggae have yet to see someone with a more unusual setup than the artist in question here. Luckily for him, he also has the skill to back it up.Meet (L'Homme) Paille. In the short time which I have been listening to (and well enjoying) the reggae and dancehall vibes from France and the French West Indies, I've `run into' quite a few unusual talents, but none which just downright confused me until I stumbled upon Paille. I definitely have been over-impressed a couple of times by the likes of Tiwony, Admiral T's two-hundred word a minute style and his disciple Sak (Lady Sweety as well) but Paille is something FAR FAR different. The Martinique native/resident is amongst the strong young contingent of dancehall artists from the island (also check the wicked Mighty Ki La who has a STRONG new album out as well by the name of K-Libre) not equaling what's going on in Guadeloupe, but definitely representing strong as well. The first thing you'll notice about the VERY youthful Paille is his name definitely: `L'Homme Paille` (or Straw Man). The name itself isn't really odd as in Jamaica, we have more than enough `Man' (Beenie, Elephant, Yellow, Ninja, Norris and Wicker) and like Beenie, Elephant and Yellow, Paille's look coincides with his name. The next thing you'll undoubtedly notice is his look. While there is nothing unusual in the way of his actual LOOK, facially (not in the way of Ele's nose of Yellow's skin), there is that big STRAW HAT ON HIS HEAD! If Paille were to ever make it to superstardom internationally, you could very well expect to see little kids adopting the straw hat as a fashion statement (and who knows, maybe they already do in Martinique). And apparently the hat RARELY comes off as I have seen footage of the youth recording in studio with the infamous straw hat well in place. Now, again I could easily dismiss Paille (and I actually did before checking his album) as little more than a gimmick were it not for the fact that he happens to be one of the most talented young FWI DJ's in the game currently. You won't find in him what you'll find in either Sak or his neighbour Mighty Ki La and definitely not young Gwada superstar Krys, as Paille doesn't have that well POLISHED style, but what he does have is a GRUFFY and sometimes hilarious rawness to his vibes and delivery (which almost ALWAYS has an element of freestyle to it). Paille has attracted such a strong following in his time in the game that he also attracted the attention of Don's Music. The Martinique based label which has been the home label of the debuts of Admiral T, Sak and Sal amongst several others (including Mali who appears on this album) thought so highly of young Paille that they released his anticipated debut album, Mots Pour Maux in 2007 to pretty good reviews and the project has obviously done well enough to warrant a re-release in a now 'collector's edition' edition, complete with a DVD of performances and interviews and two new tunes which were absent from the original as well. Mots Pour Maux is a very STRANGE introduction to an artist who is all but CERTAIN to take his vibes to the next level and in doing so will become (even more so than he is now) a MAJOR player on  the FWI and French reggae scene. While there is DEFINITELY no shortage of talents on that scene (and particularly young talents) I don't think French reggae (and maybe ALL reggae) has seen anything quite like (L'Homme) Paille in quite a long time (incidentally, I noticed him being marketed as L'Homme Paille prior to the first release of MPM, apparently he and the label have decided, between the two, to just stick with `Paille` (Straw) as his name).The first thing I generally take a notice of with the French artists, as someone who is still quite new and learning both languages, is which language, French or Creole a particular artist chooses to voice in (people from Martinique and Guadeloupe speak both). Paille, for the most part, delivers in Creole and uses Creole on Mots Pour Maux to deliver what is. . . Just one strange, yet POWERFUL album highlighted by a few nice combinations and one UNIQUE ending! Up first, oddly enough, are the two tracks here which are new features for the Collector's Edition of MPM and two fairly high order combinations. First is La Crise (The Crisis) which features Paille alongside (the inescapable) Anthony B. I read an interview from Paille which said he was hoping to actually work with Capleton on the album, apparently they chose to go with Anthony B in King Shango's stead and the two do a strong  tune together. It is the first taste you'll get of Paille's style which is as inventive as it is entirely OVER-animated at its best and Anthony B, who closes the tune, of course delivers his very strong verse to close the tune, befitting someone of the Trelawny native's standing and experience in the vibes. Up next is the VERY Don Corleone-sounding Jet Set which features Paille alongside label mate and neighbour Mali. Mali is actually (for the most part) a hip-hop artist, who fuses his style of almost US southern inspired (they call it CRUNK) vibes with a blend of dancehall. Mali isn't actually one of my favourites to say the least (although he does do quite well in mixing the vibes on the FWI mixtapes I receive) and to say that Jet Set is the strongest material I've heard from him thus far, would be an understatement definitely. After the Racinn' intro (which begins the original edition of Mots Pour Maux), you get the tune which gave me my real first taste of the vibes of Paille in the polished sense (his name was one of many which bubbled on the mixtapes I got long before I actually got the album), P&eacute; Pa. The party tune merely sets the table on the madness which is to come and Paille shows the quality which is probably his best. Also a quality of his Jamaican peers the aforementioned Elephant Man and Aidonia: Paille comes in and BUILDS his vibes to the point of almost ERUPTING all over the track! The final half minute of P&eacute; Pa is something FIERCE and an excellent display of what is to come.As I've yet to FULLY overstand the landscape of the FWI vibes and artists in particular, MPM actually did me a favour by including a few STRONG combinations, two of which, for my opinion are the class of the album. The first of which is the very DIFFERENT Week-End Lan Riv&eacute; alongside young, big voiced DJ Byronn. The tune is WONDERFULLY vibed almost having a straight African/Soca appeal to it and its hilarious. The bounce is ADDICTIVE and the two work fine together throughout the tune and because of a tune like this I'll now be on the lookout for more from not only Paille himself (DUH) but Byronn as well. The next combination is ENTIRELY far more serious on Pleurer (Crying), alongside (the absolutely LOVELY) Cindy Faustin. I had actually heard of Ms. Faustin before, she is a Zouk artist and the tune here is at least partially Zouk as well (Zouk is arguably even more popular than reggae in the French speaking Afrikan Caribbean). The tune speaks of the negative thing a woman faces in her abusive relationship and all of the  things she goes through as well to overcome. It was a very refreshing and nice vibes to see on MPM, over a very nice CRISP one drop as well and showing a different dimension of the vibes of the well-progressing Paille. And the combination here which caught my attention more so than any other on the album and any other tune on the album altogether is Un Lion Ne Meurt Pas (The Lion is Not Dead) alongside Paille neighbour, veteran chanter Straika D. This tune is a POWERFUL dancehall/roots piece from Paille alongside a talent in Straika which `rivals' the talents of, more well known names of the genre such as Tiwony, Fefe Typical, Cali P and even Lyricson. The combination between the high pitched (but lyrically DEMANDING) Straika alongside the all-over-the-place vibes of Paille just work to another level and show, yet again Paille's dexterity in a tune built for the coming of His Imperial Majesty (and maybe he is a bit more POLISHED than I give him credit for). Un Lion Ne Meurt Pas is MASSIVE (so to its video, definitely check it)! It is worth mentioning that just before the ending, things return to `norm' (if such a thing exists for Paille) just before the ending with two RIDICULOUS tunes Pa Sa Pal&eacute; Ba-y and L'&eacute;cole Des Flammes. Pa Sa Pal&eacute; Ba-y is the stronger of the two tunes, following somewhat in the same vibes of  P&eacute; Pa in the sound: The crazy way P&eacute; Pa ended is pretty much how Pa Sa Pal&eacute; Ba-y is all the way through, very difficult to sit still for that one. And for its part L'&eacute;cole Des Flammes is a interlude next to a song and ridiculous all the way through its nearly seven minutes and ends with Paille himself taking it easy, just talking to the people.Now that ending. The final four tracks of Paille's Mots Pour Maux (before the actual final track Tour Yole Riv&eacute;, which is a remix of Week-End Lan Riv&eacute; alongside Byronn again) are called the Live Session and each and every one of them Bal Masqu&eacute;, Di Gyal Dem Dem Styl, Pa F&egrave; Nou Chy&eacute; and B&eacute;s&eacute; Zy&eacute; Ba Yo. Now I don't rightly know if the tunes were actually live or just recorded to sound so (they do sound VERY live to my ears, however), either way they are some of the most impressive vibes you'll hear on the album. ESPECIALLY check Bal Masqu&eacute;, which again, goes to show how Paille builds his intensity greatly over a short period of time. Di Gyal Dem Styl is more typical type dancehall and lyrical and melodic; Pa F&egrave; Nou Chy&eacute; finds a SLIGHTLY cultural Paille going Capleton (that combination would have been certified MADNESS!) and things end with the more laid back, yet still impressive B&eacute;s&eacute; Zy&eacute; Ba Yo, more traditional dancehall performance as well. I haven't as of yet had the opportunity to see Paille perform live myself, but if its anything like the recording (and I have seen him on tape and it does appear so), its definitely something I'll be looking forward to.Overall, as I've said (L'Homme) Paille is definitely one of the most unique (looking and sounding) artists on the dancehall scene altogether these days. His debut album Mots Pour Maux (Word For the Wicked) is recommended to fans of the current French and FWI scene as he TOTALLY changes up the vibes that I've been hearing so far. In contrast, if you're new to that genre, compare Paille to probably Elephant man as the youth has vibes which are unpredictable to say the least. Mots Pour Maux is a very fine introduction to one of the young aces to keep an eye on and one the STRANGEST to come along in a long time.
I often find myself thinking and saying that it almost seems as if the once very popular reggae live album has packed its bags and all but left the genre completely. These days an artist releasing a live album is almost looked at as if he/she is just doing something COMPLETELY different and, of course, with today's modern era, such an era virtually HAS to come equipped with a DVD as well (which I do happen to agree with). The subgenre hasn't exactly been absolutely barren (although pretty much at the highest level) with live albums coming in the last from artists like Junior Reid, Ziggy Marley and a recent (SHOCKING) piece from Lutan Fyah, and a short trip back just a few years would reveal similar titles from the likes of Anthony B (Live on the Battlefield, a double CD, which was AWESOME) Morgan Heritage, Sizzla (Words of Truth, a new studio album packaged with a live performance CD, and as much as he tours and records, it's a good idea Kalonji could do EVERY year) and two live pieces from Everton Blender. What is quite interesting, however, is that if you'll notice all of those names, you won't see an artist who is a PURE dancehall artist. While certainly you're bound to find SLIGHTLY more dancehall mixtapes than roots (and you'll find both in abundance) the dancehall artist has VANISHED from the live album. I myself VERY much so enjoy a good live album (and with the creation of the DVD, which is very easily packaged into a CD case, it makes it even easier to add to the experience) and would definitely like to see more and more of them produced for our artists (with some of the release schedules they keep, it's a wonder why artists like Sizzla, Luciano (who has more than one nice one to his credit with the newest being full on a decade old at this point), Junior Kelly, TURBULENCE, Anthony B (especially him) and Jah Mason don't have multiple live releases or at least more than they have now under their catalogues. You ALWAYS hear about them coming (the most notorious of which probably being Jah Cure who said upon his release from prison, his next album would be a live one and after True Reflections, released virtually at the same time of his own release, it remains to be seen) from various artists and actually see a few of them amongst the up and comers or lesser known artists, but the absolute cream of the reggae crop just don't seem to catch on giving the masses a glimpse at some of the most electric live performances music has EVER seen (like Elephant Man, who NEEDS one, especially with how long he goes between studio albums these days).One area of reggae music which DEFINITELY hasn't neglected giving top notch LIVE material from many of the tip names in the game is the scene in the French speaking France and French West Indies reggae scene which seems to constantly be building or working on building live projects for the masses. Those artists release so many live albums and DVD's (and live albums with DVD's) that you can't even keep track (currently enjoying Lyricson's new piece). The first that I actually took notice of this was (fittingly so) with the first FWI artist I really took notice of, Sal. I'll always be thankful to Sal for turning me onto the WEALTH of vibes available in the FWI and France (and a few French speaking African nations as well, many of whom LOVE and seem to be in mass production of solid reggae artists) and although the Martiniquian chanter may have taken a backseat in terms of actually being on my players these days (currently occupied by the WICKED Mighty Ki La's new album, K-Libre), definitely big respect to the artist for 'releasing' some of the wickedest artists on the scene today (and forcing me to ATTEMPT to learn a new language). For his own merits, Sal released his debut album, Sal & Friends on the Martinique based Don's Music (the biggest independent label of FWI reggae music) in 2001. That album was VERY successful for the young artist and really boosted his profile (allowing him to go on tours and festivals which is where I ran into him first) internationally and made a big name out of the youth. It didn't hurt Sal's cause at all that he is quite skilled and has provided the scene with subsequent hits and BIG material, thus cementing his name and vibes and allowing for the release of his sophomore studio album Ma Vision, also for Don's Music, in 2005 and hopefully (and most likely) future works as well. However, between the two studio release, Sal and Don's Music, obviously attempting to capitalize on the unexpected success which was the Sal & Friends album, set up, recorded and video taped a private concert (in Paris) for a small, yet energetic crowd and for the sake of releasing an album as well. Not only did they reach the masses with the album, Sal & Friends Concert Priv&eacute;, just a year after the original release in 2002; but just a year after that saw the live album re-released, this time with an accompanying DVD as well in 2003. The results were, for me, another valued opportunity to take a look at some of the big names of the genre in concert (including one soon-to-be rising superstar) as well as Sal himself. The live version of Sal & Friends (as expected) features much of the same material available on the album, but, of course, with that wonderful live feel you just can't get from a studio production. Now, apparently someone at Don's Music has caught on and is SLOWLY opening their well healthy vault of BIG material from equally BIG artists and is making much of their catalogue available digitally to the masses (as well as keeping a steady stream of album releases at the same time and doing a fine job in general of promoting their artists and releases alike). If you REALLY want a taste of that LIVE feel in the modern sense, the definitely check out Sal & Friends' Concert Priv&eacute;.The album features Sal alongside some of his fellow artists and good friends, which I thought was such a WONDERFUL idea for the label as it not only builds on the success of the original album directly, but it also potentially went to promote several of the other artists on the bill as Don's Music has also released albums subsequently for three of the others as well. Getting things started is, of course, the man of the hour himself Sal with his first and longest of a few solo stretches on the show. Sal draws a medley to get things going with two tunes Jerusalem and Ils s'&eacute;ternisent. Neither two were on the original release actually and although it throws you off just a touch, I definitely appreciate the nice vibes. Jerusalem is a big LOVELY one drop roots piece with a wonderfully LUSH piece while Ils s'&eacute;ternisent (It Takes Longer) comes in a bit more jovial just lifting the vibes while remaining on a conscious and spiritual spectrum. Both of which rank rather high in terms of the class on the album altogether and if you were going to add some spice to the piece, definitely couldn't have picked to stronger pieces from Sal's catalogue. Next he chimes in with the entirely more familiar Marie-Jos&eacute;. This tune was on the original Sal & Friends album and had a very nice `rolling' nature to it which doesn't exactly come through in  the live version (although it does pick up quite a bit throughout the tune). What it does have going for it, however, is a FAR more pronounced usage of the back up singer giving it a more `reggae' sound (on the original their voices are much lighter and even a bit `echoed', so the vibes almost turns into a Zouk vibes, which may have actually been intentional). Very fond of the lovely tune here still, as well. Completing the opening for the album and Sal's initial set is an even MORE familiar tune Vivre Est Une Chanson (Life is a Song), a  tune which has, in one way or another, appeared on every album Sal has ever done (it was remixed on Ma Vision) and is DEFINITELY the class of his initial set and one of the real standouts that I have EVER heard from the artist. On this live version, it is a bit more laid back and SHARPENED and (as they are throughout) Sal's vocals are at their absolute best, delivering the beautiful tune very finely.As crucial and definitely well skilled and powerful Sal is he `invites one of his good friends to join him on this bill who actually would outshine him in terms of name value (they tour together quite frequently and to my knowledge Sal opens the show) as he checks Guadeloupe  hardcore dancehall ACE Admiral T to hold the mic for a couple of tunes later on the album. I went almost DIRECTLY from Sal to the Admiral in terms of which FWI artists I was listening at the time and IMMEDIATELY recognize his insane tongue twisting, lyrically SOMETHING DIFFERENT type of style. He brings two tunes, the second of which, Gwadada is one of the biggest tunes I've ever heard in the genre and the single best tune on Sal & Friends' Concert Priv&eacute; altogether. Gwadada is an imperial tune which really struck a vibes with me at least in part due to the fact that it flows over one of my absolute favourite Shams' Juice Riddim, alongside names like Beenie Man, TOK, Bounty Killer and Mad Cobra, DEFINITELY Admiral T's track on the piece rank at the top of the available material on that downright wicked riddim. And don't forget his other track either, Rendezvous which took all of a minute to grow on me to a near addictive state (Admiral T also stays on board for his very fine combination with Sal, Pas comme les autres (Like None Other). This album was the absolute first time I had actually linked a tune and a style with the other artists as well. First up for them is the very impressive Valley on the one drop banger Bruits Des Chanes. Valley was ALL OVER the original but was sans a solo effort and when he runs the show, he doesn't exactly overwhelm with talents, but definitely pushes a very fine effort with his nice Singjay style (also check his solo album M&egrave;T A PAWOL, for a better taste of Valley`s vibes). Then there's a neighbour of Admiral T's, both literally and figuratively as dancehall artist Lieutenant (Militant) steps in with his solo piece Op&eacute;ration Coup De Poing. I've never really been all that impressed with the Lieutenant (although I did receive a recent mixtape by him which was is very nice) as he is almost simply EXACTLY what you expect from a French speaking Bounty Killer, mannerisms and everything. His effort is solid enough from him, but I'd definitely need to see more before passing final judgment either way. Oddly enough, its not Admiral T but an artist by the name of Pleen Pyroman who threatens to steal the show from Sal as he has more solo pieces on the album more than anyone besides the album's main artist. I can't actually complain either as it was Pleen who did the same thing on the original album as his Red was the single biggest track on that album. It is also Pleen who is the greatest source of disappointment on the live version as he goes into Red, its over a riddim I recognize from some US alternative tune which was popular at the time and not the original track which I loved so much and it all but RUINS the vibe for me. He does pull it together to deliver a nearly spot on performance of his STRONG Les Gal&eacute;riens, also from the original album, which greater shows off the really talented artist, but it would be worth it to you to track down an original version of Red definitely if you like his vibes (also Don's Music released a combination album between Pleen and Valley, Dual-Choc, in 2004which is also worth checking, although devoid of the tune Red). Sal does pull himself back once before the end to deliver two popular pieces from the original Une Adolescente and of course his BIG hit Tchinb&eacute; R&egrave;d Pa Moli as the album's/show's solo closer and one of the biggest tunes of the album and Sal's career overall, lovely vibes! Sal & Friends' Concert Priv&eacute; goes out on a medley style tune (as it did on the original) over that same sappy alternative `riddim' which features all the artists. Unsurprisingly Admiral T steals the show early absolutely SMASHING the vibes with a flow Vybz Kartel would be envious of and Valley also does quite well. This is the one tune really for the DVD because the best part is DEFINITELY the audience's reactions throughout. Everybody literally sends out the album still on a high note, yet check out the DVD for that full experience (you can still buy the CD + DVD together or separate to my knowledge and Don's Music has proven itself quite good in terms of distribution).Overall, I love stuff like this. While I've definitely seen better live projects than this one since then, Concert Priv&eacute; being my first of the genre still remains one of my favourites. I wish Don's Music would actually do more of this type of thing in terms of literally `scattering' its artists on the same release in a live form and having them all on one stage sharing the mic for a DVD or even just giving a LIVE version to an already existing studio project. While it remains to be seen if they do (and they have done similar things since, just not to this degree to my knowledge), French and French West Indies reggae artists remain at the forefront of all reggae for consistently and continuously producing FINE live pieces. Concert Priv&eacute; is an excellent introduction to that vibes and to the genre in general as well, putting faces not only on the stars Sal and Admiral T, but to some of the lesser known, yet very impressive, talents which you should be on the lookout for as well.
I like it. It's not something you'd listen to everyday, but it's fun occassionaly. I like the parisien flare.Good for a party.
I didn't appreciate the samples so much. I really wanted the song "Force", and bought this thinking the rest was less than listenable. However it really came alive When I used it as background while doing other things. It was like soothing natural sounds were coming in my window. Throat singing is strange. Make sure you enjoy some of these sounds before buying this. It's not for everyone. But she does have a certain draw if you have an open mind.
Even a native almost HAS TO, at times, sit in absolute awe with the varying wonders of the culture of the Caribbean and surrounding areas. I mean, there is definitely no other place like it on the planet and while you can say that just about anywhere, when it denotes something in the positive in terms of the culture, it REALLY means something BIG here. For example, we are a very energetic and musical people, of course. Pick any island of your choice and just take a small sampling of what the local radio stations play on a regular basis and you're certain to hear vibes from all over the world, regardless if even the people of that particular island overstand the language. The same region can produce and take in vibes as diverse as from American hip-hop, pop and R&B;, to Hindi and Chutney; and from the ever popular ULTRA-HYPE dancehall and soca, all the way to what we have here, my becoming more and more beloved, Zouk. And even taking precedent over the music (appropriate in this case) are the people ourselves, who are even more diverse than are our tastes. While definitely, given our history, you're certain to find a very healthy population of people of Afrikan descent, you'll also find people of Asian ancestry, Indian ancestry and many Europeans as well, all of whom have enriched our culture even more, adding to one of the smallest, yet most potent cultural `mixing pots' on earth, period. And speaking from a personal standpoint: we have some of the most downright DIVINE and LOVELY women in the entire world. Islands like Dominica, Puerto Rico, Trinidad and Tobago and of course Jamaica (although I guess I now have to add Guadeloupe to that list as well) boast some of the most beautiful and EYE-CATCHING ladies you'll find anywhere in the world. To make the point, just look at some of the musicians to come around lately. While you will always hear mixed opinions about the elders (the likes of Tanya Stephens, Macka Diamond and ESPECIALLY Lady Saw, all of whom have proven themselves talented to the point where their looks have long ceased to be an issue really at all), do you REALLY need me to tell you to have a look at Ce'cile? Or D'Angel? Or (current personal favourite of mine) Tina Nunez? And that's just Jamaica. Make no mention of the unearthly cute Destra Garcia or how the world simply became a better place the SECOND Fay-Ann Lyons made her choice of costume for 2008's Trinidad Soca Monarch competition. And also representing Dominica (and getting closer and closer to my point in this case) is Zouk star, the captivating Michele Henderson. All of these ladies represent, in so many ways, the ridiculously lovely Caribbean culture, not only in their looks, but music as well: True living and breathing testaments to the overall beauty of the region.So now where do we add Thayna? While Lady Saw, Macka Diamond or even the newer Lady Spice downing a (real or fictitious) opponent in the dancehall or even Lyons' surfing the crowd doesn't always make for the most visually appealing set of circumstances (but didn't she make it look SO good!), Zouk is an entirely different case altogether. You simply will not hear, in any language, any type of music which is so naturally romantic or sensuous as Zouk music. My French is so-so (my Creole is worse) but even if it was non-existent and I couldn't overstand not one word, none at all, I would still have to admit it so. And because I am still relatively new to Zouk, I take advantage in listening to and finding almost any new artist who captures the ears (or the eyes) with something unique, rather good or bad. My first `venture' into the incredibly popular French West Indian art form was with another Guadeloupean, the angelic K&eacute;n&eacute;dy. K&eacute;n&eacute;dy's album, Mon Oasis was a downright brilliantly romantic entry for me into Zouk and in looking for a next choice (after listening both Fanny and the very impressive Princess Lover as well) I ran into quite a few names (like Lindsey Lin's, K'tya, Cristiane Vallejo, Talina and a few others), but none of them caught my eye and subsequently, my ears like Thayna with her very wonderful debut album Nouveau D&eacute;part (A Fresh Start). First thing being first: Whoever took the picture on the cover for Thayna needs some type of an award. I have to admit, although I had heard a radio station in Guadeloupe spinning a song or two from the artist, I probably wouldn't have picked up Nouveau D&eacute;part based on that alone (currently I'm enjoying myself with Lindsey Lin's' breathtaking sophomore album, A Mon Image), but, like anyone else, I'm a sucker for a pretty face and the cover art and some pretty decent bit of what I had heard SOLD ME! What I would find after digging into the album, however, was a piece which grew on me fairly quickly and shows that she definitely has the skill to match the look (perhaps the most interesting thing about that `look' is that should you ever see Thayna outside of this album cover (and that video), while not AT ALL unattractive, she has a very unassuming look to her). Nouveau D&eacute;part comes via African Zouk superstar Kaysha's own label, Sushiraw and reaches the masses via the largest (TO MY KNOWLEDGE) distributor of the music, Section Zouk. You take a look at that cover and combine in what you actually hear on the album and it is well fitting. Thayna is a young artist literally soaking in potential; armed with a very youthful and `curious' voice (she often sounds like a little kid asking a question despite not doing anything of the such) which makes the vibes on Nouveau D&eacute;part really worth checking on top of what you would normally hear on a Zouk project. Nouveau D&eacute;part is a very FRESH sounding vibes as well. When I listen to entire Zouk albums, I often find myself reaching for a Soca tune or a Dancehall tune as just SOMETHING to pick things up here and there and I didn't necessarily find myself doing that with Nouveau D&eacute;part which, by its end, proves itself to be a quite a lovely album and a WONDERFUL introduction of a name and a FACE definitely to keep an eye on.Kaysha's is a name which definitely carries a lot of name amongst fans of Zouk and international pop and R&B.; So much so is that the case that Nouveau D&eacute;part was actually one of the most anticipated Zouk albums of 2008, as Kaysha himself had gone as far as to proclaim she the Princess of his burgeoning label and he helms her maiden voyage. Getting things started on Nouveau D&eacute;part is the album's first (and only to my knowledge) official single and the most single impressive track of the bunch, the downright STUNNING Lettre Ouverte (Open Letter). This tune is just a heavy hitter. By far one its most remarkable qualities is that it doesn't particularly go anywhere unique at all to my ears, instead it opts for a far more conventional and straight-forward type of vibes which just catch on from the opening and continue to remain high throughout the duration of the track. Definitely the biggest tune here altogether and not at all a surprise why Kaysha chose it as Nouveau D&eacute;part's initial single (and DEFINITELY check out the ridiculously lovely video as well). Next up is a little bit of variation with the very relaxed, but somewhat stirring Mal Sans Toi. I have to say that my ears ALMOST pick up a one-drop vibe in there somewhere and again, Thayna's very unique vocals REALLY take the tune to the next level. The beginning is a bit unusual and slow, but the aforementioned `relaxed' soon becomes `stirring' within the early middle portion of the tune before closing with an even more dynamic approach as Thayna even reaches into her bag of tricks and stretches her vocals just a bit, which is a very nice touch indeed. Completing the opening is the very R&B-ish; Le Rem&egrave;de (The Remedy, which seems to be a pretty popular Zouk song title to my experience). I can't exactly call this tune one of my favourites on Nouveau D&eacute;part, but it still really isn't a BAD tune actually. And, it is definitely worth mentioning that it really does pick up in the bridge portion which has a very nice `sing-a-long' quality to it (especially because it's partially in English, for me), but I would still have to say that it doesn't necessarily reach the heights of the two opening tracks, although not a complete and utter failure (or a failure at all for that matter). Altogether it is a pretty good way to start the debut album of a significant young Zouk talent.There's another young singer here of note to mention as well by the name of Shana. (I THINK) Shana is actually Thayna's sister who initially brought her to the attentions of Kaysha. Shana is a pretty straightforward R&B; singer (in English) and the one time she literally chimes in, on the very nice Love Is Blind, the two score with one of Nouveau D&eacute;part's overall BIGGEST tunes. Anytime when you can take something like Zouk, which is, to my ears at least, VERY accessible to combinations with something like pop or R&B; and combine it, it's a very nice thing and Love Is Blind is a fine example of that (and it is worth mentioning that Shana does a bit of the writing on the album, including Lettre Ouverte). Kaysha himself actually makes an appearance with Thayna on the album on the pretty good tune Je Sais (I Know). To be perfectly honest, I think the tune would have done better as Thayna solo, not to take anything away from Kaysha, but she sounds HEAVENLY on one of the best compositions on the album. To complete the Sushiraw family reunion is hip-hop/Zouk duo Ab&eacute;g&eacute; (who apparently opens up for Kaysha in tour) with their tune alongside Thayna, C'est Dur Sans Toi (It's Hard Without You). This one is a bit better than Je Sais, but not as good as Love Is Blind, but solid still. Again, I have to say it might have been a better tune with Thayna solo, but you can't really complain as it is definitely solid still with Ab&eacute;g&eacute; on hand to change things up and the tune really has a nice subtly uptempo nature to its vibes. When things do go solo for Thayna on Nouveau D&eacute;part you get more impressive material, such as the title track itself. Nouveau D&eacute;part the song is absolutely delightful as Thayna weaves an impressive vibes (with very nice backing singers, one of which may be her sister). This tune is the type which you can probably expect to be made into a single at some point and it would be a wonderful choice as well. BIG TUNE. The tune In Love is another very nice changeup as it definitely presents you with a vibes where you could get up and dance to and is a nice change up. It also presents Thayna (and an unaccredited Shana) going completely in English. Its something very unique in my opinion (even though she sounds better in French and Creole) and even if its not always on point, I always like to give thanks for someone trying something different. In Love is definitely different and a very nice vibes still. Thayna reaches to the heights again when she comes back with the tune Mwen Vl&eacute;w, which rather easily proves to be one of the album's finest efforts altogether. Somewhere in the middle of Mwen Vl&eacute;w you can simply just lose your concentration! The tune just rolls in so seamlessly and POLISHED and, again, when talking about a second or a third single for Nouveau D&eacute;part, I would well expect Mwen Vl&eacute;w to be in the discussion. And  Nouveau D&eacute;part winds down with four very nice solo tracks from Thayna; first is  J'en Rve (I Dream), the class of the four which features a VERY unique melody and vibes making it one of the more addictve (and BEST) tunes on the album altogether; Pas Toi (Not You) doesn't reach those levels, but doesn't miss by much. I THINK, again, I hear a swinging one-drop in there somewhere and if I really don't I'm still calling Pas Toi's one of the better `riddims' on Nouveau D&eacute;part, altogether. Comment Te Dire is another BIG vibes, just a COOL COOL tune which had me singing along to it almost immediately when I did really catch on, it's the second best of the final four; and finishing things up is the heavy Spanish guitar infused vibes of Souvenirs De Toi (Remembering Of You), which really took quite a few spins to grow on me. Now, I recognize it as pretty good (even though things do get downright ODD sounding near the end). All in all, a very nice ending to a pretty big album.Overall, trying to recall albums which I bought almost strictly on the basis of the cover (and there have been several) and definitely Nouveau D&eacute;part is one of the better results! Seriously, however, when you look across the board for Zouk, they just have SO MANY young (and younger) potential superstars and throw the name (and the face) Thayna amongst them, definitely. Having and emerging in the set of circumstances that she has (i.e. being guided by one of the genre's biggest names in Kaysha) it makes her not only one of (potentially) the most popular young names in Zouk anywhere, but it gives her the opportunity to develop under a proven developer of talent at what is near (if not THE) the absolute top level of the game. If Nouveau D&eacute;part (and it is) her development up until now has been outstanding and fans of Zouk worldwide will have to keep a spot of attention reserved for the diminutive, somewhat geeky looking young Gwada, Thayna, who seems COMPLETELY INCAPABLE of taking a bad photograph, or making a bad record.
Sattar is great as ever; lyrics and melody for each song are unique and pleasing to listen over and over.
There was a spot for a few years recently where, actually during the emergence of reggae music in the Caribbean outside of Jamaica, you really begin to wonder when you'll start to see a bit more interaction between the two. Meaning that you started to wonder when we would see a big time artist from out the US Virgin Islands or Trinidad (the two main places which we've seen come up) come in and do something with a big Jamaican artist or even a producer because there was actually very little in the way of OBVIOUS go between. We had seen such things as Beenie Man and Machel Montano (more than once) and others, but it was really in a different style of vibes actually, but never really nothing in the shot of reggae; and we had also seen an artist like Gentleman who came in and worked FEVERISHLY with any and everyone he could, but he wasn't from out of the Caribbean. Fast forward just a few years later to 2008 and that's changed quite a bit now hasn't it? DEFINITELY the biggest occurrence in this line of thinking has been between WICKED St. Thomas chanter  Pressure Busspipe and Dancehall/all around Reggae ace producer Don Corleone. Corleone has added Pressure to his well stocked `stable' of potential superstars which also includes the likes of the `Gangsta Ras', the wildly popular Munga Honourable and dancehall ANGEL Alaine. Pressure now comes armed with a MASSIVE hit a Jamaican #1 tune, Love & Affection for Corleone as well as a full blown album for the producer of the same name and it subsequently opened even more doors for the artist as he has since voiced for a variety of Jamaican producers, as well as the same circles he previously rolled with. That winning combination (to say the least) seems well on its way to locking up a few other similar deals as well and who knows when Corleone himself may dip back into the vibes for a next name (and when he does, I would suggest either Pressure friend Revalation or St. Croix ANGEL Lady Passion) or one of his peers. We've also seen the biggest Caribbean music label in the world, VP Records, sign up one of its highest ranked `blue chip' prospects in years in Trini singer Jamelody and in doing so shipped him up here and gave him the once in a lifetime opportunity (unless he makes another album) to work with (and he will) legendary reggae producer Bobby Digital. Those have been the two largest and most obvious situations of go between in terms of Jamaican reggae and reggae from other spots in the Caribbean, but we've also seen smaller circumstances such as Lutan Fyah, who has worked with the likes of seriously talented Cruzan chanter Ras Attitude, Binghi Ghost and of course, the most high profile of them all (although not the best, the combination he did with Attitude and an American singer by the name of Jah Sun, No Bones, was BY FAR the best) was the tune he did with Midnite front man Vaughn Benjamin. I'm always interested in these things and HOPEFULLY we steer closer and closer to the INEVITABLY MASSIVE combination of Vaughn Benjamin alongside Sizzla Kalonji!What we have here now is a similar situation on a much smaller scale. It is absolutely amazing what and who you can find on the internet these days and one of the most recent `whos' I found on the internet happens to be King Cephas. Not too long after finding King Cephas I also happened to receive an email from a representative of the artist's label which just happens to be Outpost, which just happens to be the home base of the RIDICULOUSLY talented VI reggae GENIUS, Tuff Lion. King Cephas is an old acquaintance of the Lion and one who apparently used to be a vocal artist but stepped away for quite awhile and has now re-entered the game and on the strength of his relationship with the Lion becomes the second artist (to my knowledge) to release a solo album on Outpost (after Tuff Lion's own debut, the wicked Utterance from 2007) with his more than solid debut, Coming of the King. For me, personally, Cephas struck up some OLD feelings and some equally as OLD and special vibes from the very first time I heard him. What I heard was a bit of a vibes from one of my old favourite singers, Peter Broggs. Cephas has a VERY similar vocal style and I'm not saying, "HE SOUNDS LIKE PETER BROGGS", he just has that feel to his voice he also has somewhat of that Gregory Isaacs like `fragility' style to it as well and as I've read in his bio from before, as a youth he was very interested in old country and westerns type of things, not too hard to see from his style at all (and he does it well unlike Bushman or Lady Saw who just break out into full blown country tunes at times). Cephas also seems to share in Broggs' love for the roots music as well as what he delivers on Coming of the King is certain to go down as one of the finest reggae debuts of the year (and he has MUCH competition) and one which, after awhile, before actually receiving, I was VERY interested in hearing. The most interesting thing before actually getting on to listening to the music, of course, was the association and then the subsequent effect Tuff Lion would have on the vibes. Tuff Lion doesn't make bad music, period. He doesn't associate himself with it, he doesn't put his name on it and for someone as active as he, that's a very big deal. Currently, the Lion is riding high with his very own album, his sophomore, the WICKED completely instrumental piece, Ten Strings, for I-Grade Records as well as an album he produced for veteran St. Croix singer (the very popular) Army, Zion Soldiers Chant, for Focal Point. Speaking about Jamaica working with other islands and doing so on a  larger scale (and anything with Tuff Lion's name on definitely qualifies AT LEAST as `larger scale'), albeit with an up and coming artist (who apparently used to play in Tuff Lion's band) in King Cephas and I'm definitely interested. Now if this artist actually has some talent himself and can actually bring something to the table besides boasting of his backing, then you might just have something WICKED there. Turns out that King Cephas DEFINITELY has something to bring to the table.What Cephas brings exactly, besides the aforementioned perceived similarity to Peter Broggs is an obvious overstanding and FEEL for the vibes he sings. While I don't know exactly what his experience was and who he worked with prior to becoming a musician solely, its obvious that either his previous experience as an artist or (more likely) through his interaction with  the likes of Tuff Lion and certainly others, the Westmoreland native has developed a very delightful old school type of feel for roots music. Getting things started here on Coming of the King (for the first time in a long time it seems) is the album's BIGGEST tune overall to my ears, Satan Train. Satan Train is simply a POWERFUL track warning all against the negative acts which we can become involved in and dragged down by; including drugs, violence of all varieties and just a big bag of downright WRONG and FOOLISH immoral activities. Cephas (cleverly) relates and describes the accepting and actual performing of such things as literally riding Satan's train. Cephas also talks about overtaking and just ultimately destroying the train by, of course, the Rastaman stepping forth! BIG BIG TUNE! Probably the best opening for an album that I can recall hearing this year. The next tune is a very familiarly vibed tune, Rasta Lovin' which speaks to the Woman of the world and them loving and going after the Rastaman (and DON'T THEY CEPHAS!) strong. You've heard several tunes on the same subject (most recently probably Turbulence alongside Sasha for the HUGE Want a Natty Pon the Frontline). The tune is a lovely vibes throughout and I though really one of the better tunes here although after the first track the album is really loaded towards the end. Definitely, still, a track well worth checking several times through . Last up completing the opening here is yet another beautiful lover's track (one which is arguably stronger than Rasta Lovin'), in Showers of Blessing. The tune isn't really a TRADITIONAL lover's track as it seems to blend both love of the Black Woman with love of The Almighty. I can remember just a few tunes like this and I always like the idea and think it to be VERY clever at the end of the day. Showers of Blessing is really a message to the men instead of the Woman. You SHOULD treat and view and respect your Woman like Cephas in the tune, it shouldn't even be an issue, that's just the way thing should be for you! Very nice song and an it ends a very fine start to a very fine album.With people like Tuff Lion (and Bobby Digital and Corleone and Dean Fraser), when they take an artist they almost IMMEDIATELY improve them; if for no other reason than because they AUTOMATICALLY afford these artists the type of instrumentation which is just amongst the best and the vibes and the riddims throughout Coming of the King are just TOP NOTCH and really exquisitely done. You can't really (to my opinion) discuss Coming of the King without talking about Ascording To. You want to talk about BEAUTIFUL? Donate a few spins to Ascording To and I guarantee you'll hear one of the most lovely vibes you've ever heard. As it turns out, King Cephas REALLY has an ear towards the lover's rock alongside his base as a roots artist and I might be one to call for a FULL lover's rock album from him in the future. Check in even further and take a listen to Love You Anyway, which is Cephas' obligatory ode to the Black Woman Mother figure. The tune is quite unique in the way he approaches it as he speaks of the type of guy who will carry rumours about a woman, tarnishing her reputation, whether true or not. He (and very nicely so) eschews that type of thing completely and says that he'll `love her anyway!'. Big credit to him for that and BIG credit to Tuff Lion, that backing is RIDICULOUSLY SHARP! Cephas doesn't forget about the roots heads at all as Jah Bless carries the later STRONG vibe began by Love You Anyway, which continues out the album. Jah Bless is downright ADDICTIVE! The tune is as powerful as it is SMOOTH and is that rare type of cool rootical tune that will actually make you feel like getting up and dancing!  I mean, pay attention to the message, yeah! But don't feel to bad about getting up and rocking with your woman a bit at all (I know I didn't)! The rather unusual and somewhat Beres Hammond-vibed Fly On took awhile to REALLY grow on me, but I always appreciated the vibe from first listen definitely. That's probably the DEEPEST tune on Coming of the King, definitely catch on with that one for AWHILE and I'll just say that when it opens to you (the way that it did to me) you might actually call the album's best tune overall (and I won't argue with you). Higher & Higher finds Cephas heading back (SHOCKINGLY!) to the lover's arena this time in a SLIGHTLY different style. Higher & Higher is a bit more abstract than the other ("You and I will be like the tree. . . You are the tree and I am the river) lover's pieces here and DEFINITELY the one which requires the most thought. But at its core (at least to my ears) it's a tune actually more geared to the inter-workings of the relationship, instead of just for the Woman side, or the man's. So wrap your brain around that one for awhile and you'll see the magic which it potentially has (and it does). Strong tune! Ending things here is the VERY NICE and jovial and jumping and bubbling and downright charming Believe In Love. The tune isn't the BEST on the album or even the best of its kind, but it was just so nicely placed as it really picks up the vibes for the end of Coming of the King. It is another piece kind of like Jah Bless in that it will definitely get you up and moving (a bit slower though) with your special someone. Very nice addition and a very nice way to end things. BUT! I have to go back and mention the tune Alive, a big powerfully conscious tune which will catch the roots heads' ears guaranteed. Definitely check that one! I do have to give a slight criticism to whoever really mastered the piece for the sound. King Cephas, at times, has a very low somewhat growling type of tone which he uses a lot and a great deal of the backing is accentuated so you have points where his voice actually fades out or is drowned out by the riddim. If you check your levels REALLY keenly you can definitely make out what he's saying, but I do have to mention that (and that is, at least presumably, to no fault of the artist or Tuff Lion himself).Overall, you have to really keep in context what you're getting here. King Cephas is a roots artist at his core (again, check Alive!), but one, not very uncommon (see Lloyd Brown) who seems to have an ear towards the lover's spectrum OBVIOUSLY. So keep that in mind if you go into this one looking for one roots on top of roots on top of roots, a love of lover's rock will DEFINITELY go a long way prior to REALLY feeling this one. Luckily for me, I have that.  Even if you DON'T have a love for the lover's rock and are 100% roots head then you could well regard this as Tuff Lion's new album. The riddims are just DIVINE throughout and the Lion himself chimes in quite often as he sings backup in some way, shape or form on nearly all of Coming of the King's fourteen tracks. Still, what King Cephas' debut, Coming of the King, is not only an introduction of a wonderful artist, but an exploration of a relationship between Jamaica and our reggae loving neighbours. With more pieces like Coming of the King, they can build a bridge directly from Jamaica, straight to St. Croix. And I'll help!
Very good guitar. Nice listening music. Not the best from pupping, but definitely worth a spin. I would recommend this album.
I find that these days with more and more artists popping up from more and more places around the globe, combined with what's happening right here in the Caribbean on my own doorstep, its getting more and more difficult to REALLY get my hopes up for a BIG album. It actually seems that the pieces which really do catch my attention these days are the ones which come in from my favourite artists (or artists who I deem to potentially be on that level)  which aren't necessarily the more promoted or hyped pieces to reach  the masses. For example, just recently I had the pleasure of stumbling upon a new artist by the name of King Cephas (check out his very nice debut, Coming of The King) whose album, in the mere month or so (probably less) between first hearing his name and ultimately picking up the project, I GREATLY anticipated. Currently, I'm WAITING for Teflon's (WHO!) debut, Motherless Child, to reach in the next few days as well. That album isn't even attracting much attention amongst the hardcore reggae heads, but definitely I'm looking forward to that piece from one of the wickedest young rootsmen in the game right now. Also, I'll mention, in a COMPLETE turnaround, I'm now looking forward (I've actually been looking forward to it, on and off, for more than five years now) Norrisman's long delayed, Know The Road for the US based Lustre Kings Productions. And that's not to say that the higher profile pieces aren't capable of REALLY getting me hyped with anticipation, but it seems as if those GENUINE cases are becoming fewer and farther between these days. However, just this year we've seen roots Princess (very fitting in this case) Etana make her much anticipated debut for VP Records (who promoted and continues to promote the album VERY well), The Strong One, which was BY FAR one of my own personal most anticipated pieces as well (and is probably my current choice for album of the year). And also I'll mention (perhaps even more fitting in this case) VP again reaching with Trini singer Jamelody's debut Be Prepared (which didn't live up to my expectations honestly). However, on the other hand of that would be Richie Spice's second VP sponsored vehicle Gideon Boot, which was an album from a bonafide reggae STAR and I just really wasn't personally overjoyed in waiting for it (nor in receiving it, nor going  through it either). The same could DEFINITELY also be said for Elephant Man's finally released Let's Get Physical for Bad Boy which I STILL don't think I've managed to actually listen to from beginning to end in the months since its been released. Simply put: If you want to get my attention these days, you REALLY have to do something special.Now I can honestly sit here (and that's EXACTLY what I'm about to do) and make the case that out of all the various albums which I receive on a weekly basis and various artists whose names adorn those albums, there may be NONE which I look forward to more than Queen Omega. While it seems as if the rest of the reggae listening world are FINALLY just starting to catch a solid breath of the Queen's vibes, I've been championing the cause for her vibes for approximately seven years now as one of simply the most wickedest females to EVER touch the mic and definitely one of the strongest roots artists on the scene currently as well. Where I call Etana the `Roots Princess', for my opinion, Queen Omega is the undisputed reigning Roots Queen (despite the fact that Etana may very well be older than Omega). She is now receiving more and more of the attention that I felt she deserved as early as five years ago with more and more eyes headed  towards not only the artists of her homeland, the reggae talent HEAVY Trinidad and Tobago, but with names like Cruzan Queens Dezarie, Mada Nile and Lady Passion, (Trini) Empress Cherisse and a whole heap of others (biggup the Positively Nelsons), alongside the Etana's and Queen Ifrica's here in Jamaica, the roots Empresses of the Caribbean are REALLY blowing up and receiving more and more of their due attention. To my ears, however, none boast the type of SKILLS as Queen Omega and you'll, likewise, find very few male artists who do either. Certainly, on paper at least, there is no question: Queen Omega now reaches with the WICKED Servant of Jah Army which is her FIFTH release to date (out of all the artists I have mentioned thus far, only Dezarie has more than two albums). She began in 2001 with her self titled debut; two years later she reached with the underrated I Believe In Love; 2004 saw the release of her opus, Away From Babylon which is just about one of the greatest albums I have EVER heard, period and lastly, on the final day of 2004 (which would technically make it a 2005 release), Special Delivery released her wonderful album, Destiny, perhaps the Queen's most high profile to date (and remains so even after this piece). The story behind Servant of Jah Army is also a bit interesting as well. I had looooooooooong (okay just two years) left it as one of the few albums I would literally have to make a  trip to the UK to receive, as it was originally released in 2006 with VERY poor distribution from its label, the well respected Ariwa from out of London from big UK dub (for the most part) producer the Mad Professor and his disciple Joe Ariwa. While I wouldn't have put it past myself to actually make such a trip JUST to get the album, through the wonders of the expansion of modern technology in the subsequent two years alone, Ariwa now `frees up' Servant of Jah Army to the masses via digital distribution (although someday, I would still love to have a hardcopy of the actual disc or vinyl) (and someday I will). servant of Jah Army proves to be Queen Omega's most DEEP, COMPLEX and MATURE vibes to date (as you would expect from her most recent recording) as the now twenty-five years old brings forth an effort which, to my ears, is only completely bested by the Away From Jah album.Having voiced for the likes of Mickey D, the aforementioned Special Delivery and Stingray, Queen Omega has well recorded for some of the most outstanding in European reggae production talents (would like to see her get a taste of Pow Pow someday as well before ultimately, OF COURSE, coming to Jamaica). Thus, it only seems fitting that even more advanced now, she voices for Ariwa, a label and a producer in The Mad Professor with over THIRTY years in the game, having experienced various changes in the business and voicing new and old school talents alike (especially those based in the UK, like Chukki Starr). Getting things started on Queen Omega's Servant of Jah Army is the UPLIFTING Works To Do. When I first heard the tune the first word that came to my mind was `advanced'. The song is the first of several on the album which really either mark a very nice progression in the Queen's lyrical ability (which is saying a lot, she was downright lethal even before) or just caught me up in my ABSOLUTE JOY to finally have a new Queen Omega album after going on four years now. The tune really speaks of Queen Omega's travels, experience and life as a whole as she, in somewhat of a metaphorical way, describes her overall journey as WORKS for His Majesty. The vibes aren't exactly the big spectacular sounding (more on that in a bit), which is even better for the sake of focusing on the tune and FOCUS you need do! DEFINITELY! Big opening. Next up is what is essentially the opening track, the bigger vibed Jah Army. Another winner. This tune uses the Queen as a representative for women who stand NEXT TO their men on the battlefield. it's a very interesting tune in that it speaks to strength (physical, mental and definitely spiritual as well) of the woman, but Queen is also careful to make sure she speaks still of the woman's femininity, which at least to my opinion, is the REAL source of her power. Completing the opening of Servant of Jah Army is what I believe is the album's first single, the MIGHTY Never Run From Jah. This tune is MASSIVE and is the real highlight of the album altogether. Speaking of PROGRESSION, just sit back and enjoy the various styles the Queen puts forth on the tune as she, again, lyrically weaves a tune which takes a look at all of our `advancements' as steering away from our natural courses. BRILLIANCE. The tune pinnacles as she channels her inner Mutabaruka going straight talking style for a very intense stretch in the later middle portion of the tune. Easy to see why it was chosen as the single, its one of the biggest tunes of Queen Omega's entire career, period.While her lyrical `switch' definitely caught me off guard here (and I want to be firm on it, she ALWAYS had legitimately top notch lyrics), Queen Omega's VOICE is also in fine form throughout Servant of Jah Army as well. It is never in FINE of form as it is on one of the real highlights of the album, the `different' Taking Lives. The tune almost doesn't even sound like something from the Queen (although the dubbed out riddim, DEFINITELY sounds like something from the Professor). At its core the tune is an anti-violence tune for the masses, BUT Queen Omega absolutely dominates the track with vocals, including one nearly unbelievable note which she holds at a strength seemingly forever! DIVINE! The first of two changeups on the album was one I really felt like it needed, the syrupy sweet, I Love You. Queen Omega has a nice history of making very beautiful lover's pieces (particularly I Believe in Love from the Pure Love album, an album with several very nice similarly vibed tracks) and you have throw I Love You amongst the very best. The tune has a very much current UK/old school Jamaican vibes to it and she delivers as only she can, so modestly, yet so impressive. The tune which follows it, Look In The Mirror, comes in with a bit of very familiar dancehall vibes to my ears. The tune flows over the same Ariwa creation which backed Chukki Starr's WICKED Ghetto Youth's Livity tune from the album of the same name. The Queen more than gives Starr a run for his money (who she has sang backups for) as Look In The Mirror is well powerful and it, again, finds her pushing her vocals near the brink with an uplifting vibes which reminds us that WE are indeed a reflection of the Almighty. Things return to the overall more docile pacing of  the album for a tune which is far from my favourite on the album, yet still very nice (which speaks to the overall strength of the project) Folly. It is another tune which isn't as necessarily PLEASING to the ears as it is full of knowledge and at her absolute best, she is able to do both, simultaneously. As she does on the next tune, Wicked Man which gets a stronger backing (complete with a very nice and subtle nyah drum) and an equally strong message as well. I will go back and mention the VERY WICKED Me No Frighten which features the Queen with a more aggressive, basically DJ style and is VERY impressive. When you get to a point of extreme talent, as we have here, what you get is an artist (or a group of artists) who, within the scope of their musical style, can do pretty much ANYTHING. So, while Me No Frighten definitely impressed me, I wouldn't be completely honest if I say it surprised me. The woman is just that good. As SoJA winds down, it delivers two of its stronger tunes. Check the BIG Brighter Day. Backed with yet another dub extensive riddim from the Professor's vaults, Brighter Day is, essentially, a pure praising tune for His Imperial Majesty, which is one of a kind here (in terms of the PURE nature of the tune) and a very good one at that. The vibes are pretty toned backed again, but are ultimately almost OVERWHELMED by the Queen's BIG vocals. Brighter Day is, however, topped by the album closer, the BIG Marching, Marching. This tune if for the Rastafarian men and women straight and should you follow that walk of life (and I do), then for you, much like it does with me, the tune will REALLY strike a chord with you with its HUGE vibes. While I favour Never Run From Jah as SoJA's best outing, Marching isn't very far behind, if at all as it sends us out, Marching for His Majesty, just as strong as we marched in!Overall, in terms of her other projects, Servant Of Jah Army CANNOT rank any lower than third. After Away From Babylon and maybe better or just SLIGHTLY behind the Destiny album (this album is almost a laid back version of the Destiny album which boasted BIG and SPECTACULAR vibes at almost every turn, but isn't as lyrically substantial as SoJA is overall). It does show and continue to show her overall skill level, one of the highest in the game and a voice fit for an angel. As Queen Omega grows more and more comfortable on the vibes and really begins to reach her peak years as she shows here, we can really expect to see an OVERALL better artist all-around, which would be downright ASTONISHING! Servant Of Jah Army is the maturation of one of roots reggae's strongest talents altogether . Should all of her following efforts (the first of which should be in 2009 with the follow up to Destiny for Special Delivery) be at a similar level, we may be looking at one of the greatest of ALL TIME.
If you've never been so fortunate as to take a trip to lovely St. Martin/St. Maarten then you're definitely missing out on one of the truly most spectacularly comfortable places in the world. Having been to nearly every major (and probably most minor) island in the Caribbean, I would have to say that St. Maarten is definitely one of my favourite and this is coming from a born and raised Jamaican who has spent a significant amount of time in Trinidad as well. For me personally, several years ago I took a trip and then another a few years back and I liked it here so much that we stayed! Definitely if you're looking for somewhere in the Caribbean to just have a good time and RELAX probably couldn't find a better place than St. Maarten (and if you could then its probably a ferry ride or a short plane trip away). Culturally speaking, the island is split into two halves in the south and in the north. The northern half is Saint Martin and is French overseas territory, with the southern half being Sint Maarten (where I live), Dutch territory and (currently) part of the HEAVENLY Netherlands Antilles. (I THINK) That distinction alone makes it one of a kind in the Caribbean and that's not the only thing. While I would certainly say that if you were strictly looking to have a good time you might want to go somewhere else in the region (such as Trinidad in February), but if you love things like (INREDIBLY CHEAP) shopping and just enjoy the scenery and all things serene, then this is your place. Musically speaking (which is why we are here after all), to my opinion I would say that St. Maarten falls into somewhat of the same category as places such as Montserrat, St. Kitts and Nevis, Anguilla and Turks and Caicos in that: When you have a largely English speaking island, the vibes of a particular island tend to go either in the direction of either more reggae or soca dominated musically. While, were you to press me, I would probably say that St. Maarten is SLIGHTLY more soca focused, but the actual divide isn't very from 50:50 (with the perfect example being that during this past Carnival season, the island played hosts to not only the expected likes of Bunji Garlin, Fay (Fyah)-Ann Lyons and Destra (YES!) but at the same we had Jah Cure (probably the best of the entire season) who attracted just as much attention amongst the same crowds of people definitely. We also have quite a few young hip-hop acts; and with the diverse nature of the island, Zouk is also popular as is Dutch Creole music. My apologies if this all sounds like a big tourist welcoming to St. Maarten, but as someone who is COMPLETELY partial, I have to say: I LOVE THE PLACE.Which makes this particular review even more special. As far as actual homegrown talent in reggae music DEFINITELY St. Maarten's biggest and most well known contribution has been Nasio Fontaine. The Dominican born reggae star who began making music and cultivated his talent on St. Maarten soil has become a virtual household name for the hardcore reggae heads all over the world as he has taken his VERY unique brand of roots reggae all over the world and he has made BIG progress everywhere and has had numerous very popular albums out internationally and has even began to make a name for himself back in Jamaica. But we also have talents who were born and raised HERE. Such an interesting talent is Rosan Maccow who hails from the French side of the island, St. Martin. I think I actually came into contact with his music either the very first or second week after living here and I well threw him in with the dozens upon dozens of ultra talented reggae artists from the Caribbean outside of Jamaica who don't necessarily get the big publicity due to them based on their talents and skills alone. Maccow makes a very delightful brand of roots reggae at his base, however, just like his home, a further examination of his vibes reveals him to be quite diverse as well. I don't know how well he would be appreciated in terms of actually being in and developing in a place like Jamaica or even Trinidad or the US Virgin Islands (besides Jamaica, OF COURSE, USVI and TnT are probably the largest purveyors of English speaking reggae music in the region), but for St. Maarten and several of the neighbouring islands, he is nearly PERFECT. Having a style all of his own and one which is so easily accessible for fans who don't usually listen reggae music (he, originally, was a calypsonian I believe) or Caribbean music at all for that matter (which makes more sense for the smaller islands as, most times, a the island is inhabited by a great number of people who don't actually intend on staying long, namely tourists). This is as opposed to a better known local talent in Dread-I (another Dominican I believe) who makes PURE roots reggae (and does so at a very high level I might add, definitely check Dread-I) and another (who I'll mention in a bit). So, imagine my surprise when I realized the album cover I had been staring at for quite awhile, upon further inspection,  belonged to the VERY familiar Rosan Maccow who brings forth his debut album, Never Give Up for Rainbow Productions. The album is actually completely produced by Maccow as well and for what it is, it is a VERY nice introduction to Maccow's talents as a whole. Never Give Up, SOMEWHAT, stays close to the core of Rosan Maccow, but definitely covers as a fairly wide blend of musical styles (thus the aforementioned accessibility of it). I have heard quite a bit of his music on the radio here (and neighbouring islands as well) and I really hope it gets out to the right people, but I have to say that BIG respect goes to Maccow and the people at Rainbow Productions for taking the (wonderfully) newly quite popular route of many reggae artists these days of releasing the album not only physically, but digitally as well, which definitely opens up the projects to more and more ears internationally as well. What those ears, local or foreign will hear in Never Give Up is a very nice vibes throughout (its annoyingly short nine tracks).If I were to attempt to place a bit of a scope or a comparison to Rosan Maccow's vibes, at least in terms of reggae, I'd DEFINITELY have quite a difficult time. What I will say, however, is that, like Nasio, at his finest moments Maccow has a bit of an old school style of flavour to his vibes. I'm not saying to expect Bob Marley none at all, but having an ear for the older styles will certainly help with Never Give Up. Opening things up is the reggae praising, Peter Tosh-like Rock to the Reggae. The tune rather comically starts with Maccow speaking about a trip to the doctor's office who tells him that he is afflicted with the ultra-contagious "Reggaitis" (reminiscent of Tosh's seemingly incurable Reggaemylitis). Maccow's attempt to cope with his illness is to push a tune with a VERY high vibes and definitely one of Never Give Up's REAL highlights. I have to mention to check the second half of the tune which features all sorts of wonderful instrumentation (my personal highlight being, of course, the very nice nyah drum which drifts in and out occasionally. Rock to the Reggae is a big tune and a fine way to start things out for the album. Next up is the first of more than a couple lover's piece and probably the best of the heap, the very nice She Give Me Love. Maccow does an interesting thing with his voice on the tune (it sounds at least a LITTLE vocodered to my ears, but it may not be and all the more impressive of him if it isn't) but it very much so works on She Give Me Love. An ode to the special woman in his life, the tune is very lovely and just a completely EASY vibes, highlighted by the wonderful (and unaccredited) backup singer who chimes in throughout with a downright beautiful voice which really tips the vibes in a nice direction and the song with her is DEFINITELY better than it would have been in her absence. Another pretty strong tune there. Completing  the solid opening to Rosan Maccow's (I actually thought his singing name was Ras Maccow until getting this album) Never Give Up is what is essentially the album's title track and yet another of the real highlights of the project, Jah Jah Children. Should you listen briefly to the lyrics you'll immediately see why I deem it the album's `title track' and the main drawing point of interest in the tune is the lyrics indeed. In his typical laid back vibes, Maccow crafts a message which tells all that we are really UNBEATABLE in one way or another when we reside with His Majesty, TRULY. It was the first tune here which really makes you aware of the conscious edge to his vibes besides the style itself and overall, its probably my choice for the second best effort here altogether. Very fine start!The way the album is set the first half of it is mostly reggae and then a few different things start after track five. Completing the reggae portion is my choice for Never Give Up's BIGGEST tune overall, the HUGE From the Ghetto. The bouncy roots tune features Maccow's neighbour and, for my opinion, St. Maarten's prime reggae attraction the BRILLIANT (Ambassador) Junior Lion. Lion was probably the first artist who caught my attention when I moved here as his style, unlike Maccow's, is EXACTLY what I was used to (and am still used to) hearing in Jamaica. Whenever more ears hear him, he potentially has a ride similar to the current one Pressure Busspipe from St. Thomas is currently taking. This tune only gives us one verse from the Lion but it is well impressive and powerful, with a BIG message of the young people to rise up and the oppressors to clean up their LONG FILTHY ways. BIG TUNE and big respect to Maccow for including it. And then there's Party Time, which is the. . . party time track. The tune is a welcome changeup to the vibes and is probably just as much soca and calypso as it is disco and pop. You couldn't exactly expect the album to come and go without such a tune as this with being familiar with the man and the tune, when it finally did reach more than holds its own. Its not out of touch or out of date (although, in following with what he did with Junior Lion, I would have LOVED to hear a combination here with Shadowman, my favourite St. Maarten soca talent at the moment) and it's a nice piece overall. Things shift back to the more reggae side next with You're the One I Love, but kind of with a bit of a twist. To my ears (and perhaps mine alone) there is a slight R&B; tinge to the track, which is well solid, regardless of the distinct vibe, but it is built over a very complex, yet nice one-drop in the end of things. It isn't as nice as She Give Me Love, but still nice indeed. A far more jovial You Are Mine, another lover's piece (I'd actually call You're the One I Love a bit of a jilted lover's piece). You Are Mine isn't my favourite tune here at all, not to say that its necessarily a bad track (Never Give Up doesn't have a SINGLE track which I'd call bad) and when the tune gets going it really has a nice vibes, it just didn't (or hasn't yet) caught on with me, save for the interesting instrumentation which includes an electric guitar of all things. Ending things is another BIG conscious tune Who Told You on a predominately acoustic vibes before it develops into a very very nice one-drop. The tune literally speaks of someone getting misinformed that His Majesty's children had acquiesced to the oppressor's will. That won't be happening! And I like the backup singer here who almost fits in like a more old school style of constantly chiming in before whoever the earlier lead singer was appears and AGAIN, sings like an angel to push the vibes even higher and helps Maccow send out his debut album, Never Give Up on a VERY high note; one of it's highest altogether.Overall, the only thing I really don't like about this one is it's length! Rosan Maccow is a veteran of the music and someone merely of that standing alone might be able to just push nine tunes and get away with it. However, besides just being a veteran alone, he also has a VERY high level of vibes and that's evident through the music here, I could have waited longer for more tunes and would have been to his credit in doing so as well. As it stands, Never Give Up is a (small) very nice example of some of the more `off the radar' talents we have to offer throughout the Caribbean and especially here in St. Maarten where Maccow is well respected. He has also spent time in Guadeloupe apparently (I would have loved to see a French tune here) where I'm sure they'll appreciate it as well. The story, however, is YOU. Will you international fans appreciate it? If you are a fan of reggae music and Caribbean music in general, I say take a shot at Never Give Up. One of my third favourite island's finest talents, true born son of St. Martin/St. Maarten, certainly giving you something here which will leave you wanting more (have I mentioned there's only nine tracks???).
Some Basque, some French, all done with close, pleasant harmony!  It has a very nice feeling!  If you're looking for traditional Basque, this isn't it!  If your looking for aome Basque songs set in wonderful arrangements, this is the one!!
A lot of nice and easy reggae. The &#34;Strictly The Best&#34; volumes appear to do a great job in compiling good hits.
Call me partial (because I am) if you'd like to, but to the overall best of my recollection this entire year and Caribbean carnival season has been simply one of the best (musically speaking) I have EVER seen or heard. Despite the absurdly short Trinidad and Tobago 2008 Carnival season (which is the central attraction of all of the region's carnivals), TnT and MANY of its soca loving neighbours, near and far, have, at least musically speaking, REALLY stepped up their game. The real highlight for me remains Trinidad as the MASTERS of the genre really showed off in 2008 and despite their season now being so far in the rearview mirror and 2009's season being so close in front, I STILL point to tunes from Bunji Garlin, Machel Montano, Fay-Ann Lyons, Destra, Shurwayne Winchester and the likes as some of the most powerful vibes we've heard all year. Also, TnT this year, at least in my opinion took a turn for the better with the TRUE emergence of names like Blaxx and especially Nadia Batson no longer taking a backseat to the aforementioned stars (Blaxx honestly has a ways to go, however Batson's time at the top of the game can no longer be argued against, at least not sensibly) but standing amongst them. There was St. Lucia who had a HARD act to follow from 2007 but still did very nicely on the strength of names like HERB BLACK, Mista Vybe, the emerging Mantius (biggup Mantius) and, of course, the man of the year for Lucian soca 2008, crowned Monarch Ricky T (who had no problem living up to the `pressure' he built in 2007, by again dropping one of the biggest tunes of the year, period, Wheel & Come Again). Then there's St. Vincy, and speaking of having to succeed under the pressure, NO area may have had more of a breakout year in 2007 than SVG and in 2008, all around there were big tunes by big names and even more up and coming names to pay attention to. Names like (2008 SVG Soca Monarch) Skinny Fabulous, Jamesy P., Fireman Hooper, Maddzart, Bomani and 2007's breakout names Problem Child and of course Zoelah had to make room this year at the top level for Icon, Full Clip and upstart Dani-O (who won SVG's first Ragga Soca Monarch) definitely names to keep an eye towards in the future. Even Grenada! I only paid attention last year to the Spice Isle due to the fact that it spawned the RIDICULOUSNESS which was Berbice's Traffic. Traffic still played in 2008, but this year he added the WICKED Demon (and subsequent WICKED album of the same name) and he came with the usual suspects from `Greenz' like Tallpree, Lava Man, nika Francis, Baby Killa and Luni & Electrify (won monarch, AGAIN) and made room for the breathtaking Miney, to whom he passed the road march crown. All over the place there has been top notch soca music in 2008, new names (and I could REALLY go on to Jalena as well), new places to focus on and, of course, the biggest vibes in the world.Not to be forgotten of course (would mention Antigua with the previous bunch as well, Claudette Peters and EL-A-Kru) (and Guyana, biggup Adrian Dutchin and Malo) would be Barbados, probably outside of TnT, the most high profile Carnival season with Crop Over. It is also where you're likely to find the greatest concentration of soca stars outside of TnT with names like Edwin Yearwood & Krosfyah, Rupee and, of course Alison Hinds and Square One being some of the most internationally known and respected soca stars period, even `outranking' some of their most identifiable Trini counterparts. Crop Over also means that we get to hear from top ranking Bajan production duo, the famed Red Boyz. As I learn more and more about soca music (and I definitely still consider myself an `infant' in that vibes) I'm starting to see just how big of an impact De Red Boyz have on the genre as a whole; as they literally transcend Barbados as a single unit and have, just the season alone already reached out and produced the HUGE shot for Machel Montano HD Camp member, Farmer Nappy, Chippin; they have also produced, even more recently for Jamesy P, a VERY big track and one of the real highlights of this piece in particular. The duo consists of Mikey Hulsmeier and Scott Galt, two veteran musicians from the region (I THINK Hulsmeier is a native of Barbados, while Galt is a Trini) two. . . Red boys, who have attracted a great deal of attention in their still brief time together officially in the business as, if you find yourself a soca artist and you're seeking to strike out with a HUGE GROOVY tune for the season, you might want to consider checking De Red Boyz in Barbados, before ANYONE else. Inside the duo's ever growing catalogue are, besides Chppin' two MASSIVE shots from 2006 Bajan soca Woman By My Side for Peter Ram and the TnT Groovy Soca Monarch winning Nah Goin Home from Biggie Irie; they have also done work with Yearwood, Hinds and pretty much any and everyone in the business of Groovy soca these days. Also inside that catalogue are two albums on their own Rbz label featuring work exclusively done by De Red Boyz from that particular season over the past two years, with 2006's Blazin' Red Soca Project and last year's VERY impressive Soca Bonfire. And, even though they seemed to take a bit longer this year, De Red Boyz are still standing strong and are out now with their album from 2008, Mo' Fire Blazin' (that title is horrible! That cover is pretty nice though) Presented by De Red Boyz. Although not as ALL AROUND strong as its predecessor (in my opinion) Mo' Fire Blazin' is highlighted by, as usual, some of the top talents in the game and some real surprises (even some surprises from those top names, which is a double plus); a combination of SERIOUS note and definitely what has come to be De Red Boyz' calling card ever since they began making music: Generally FEEL AMAZING vibes throughout it's packed eighteen tracks.The once nearly barren world class soca compilation ranks are just brimming over with solid entries these days. Besides De Boyz, there is, of course, VP Records' genre leading Soca Gold and also their D'Soca Zone compilation; de boyz' neighbours in Barbados, Monstapiece, also reach annually with a release (this year's recently released Loaded 12.0 was a near MASTERPIECE, definitely check that one out as well) as well as the Ragga Ragga Soca compilation from Masterroom out of SVG and Hemo and Moofire from Japan consistently releasing as well, its just HEALTHY now. Getting things started for De Red Boyz' Mo' Fire Blazin' is a very familiar name with a new name as Jamesy P. combines with Floridian Red Boy Uncle Sam for the WONDERFUL Love Your Carnival. Seriously, Love Your Carnival isn't the best tune you'll hear here, but if the tune doesn't MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD, then you need to see a doctor immediately! The tune just bounces so nicely and permeates the spirits with such good vibes  that its certain to strike a chord with not only soca fans, but fans of all genres at least on some level. Excellent way to begin things. Next up is veteran Natahlee going solo with a tune which sounds like the feminine `response' to Biggie Irie's hit Nah Goin Home. The tune is FAR from that modern classic, but it definitely stands well on the strength of its own merits as it really does capture the attentions making a powerful vibes throughout. Natahlee is a very quiet and not too well known name, but her vibes are always dependable, particular when under the near flawless care of De Red Boyz with whom she seems to mesh so well. De Red Boyz always seem to find really strong young talent and MFB is no different as closing the opening for the album is VERY strong youth Answar Gakin with Nothing Sweeter. The tune has really caught on this year (my wife LOVES it) and people are already placing Gaskin alongside Don Trent who was/is another young potential superstar the Boyz often work with. Nothing Sweeter is something SERIOUS and young Gaskin is a name to keep an eye on in the future.The real story with Mo' Fire Blazin' for me is that the BIG names that you would expect to stand up and step out from the pack genuinely do that here. For example, imagine Groovy Soca Monarch Trinidad February 2009 and instead of reigning Monarch and favourite Shurwayne Winchester taking the stage solo, he invites up legendary UK reggae SUPERSTAR Maxi Priest and they do the  tune here, Make It Yours. The tune, on paper alone, is almost `over-vibed': I just don't need that much! The two work wonders together and if it is the tune that gets the push from Winchester in 2009, I'll be there to see it, I GUARANTEE. Big tune and one of the biggest tunes you'll find on the album DEFINITELY. Not to be outdone is Jamesy P who chimes in with the inventive and downright BRILLIANT `Rogaltic'. I don't want to spoil exactly what the tune is about if you haven't heard it just yet, but the song is probably the SVG veteran's biggest tune I've heard since Nookie reached and its HILARIOUS. And he definitely has a point. Uncle Sam checks back in, surprisingly, and brings Soca Queen Alison Hinds with him! Although I favour Love My Carnival between the two tunes here featuring Uncle Sam, he is arguably more impressive the second time around, Wine In de Place. Hinds, of course, is solid throughout, as are the vibes as Sam `threatens' to steal the show on Mo' Fire Blazin'. Not enough?  Both soca poster boys Kevin Lyttle and Edwin Yearwood check in as well with One More Try and That's My Carnival, two very nice pieces. Between the two, I actually prefer One More Try, as soca's undisputed sleeping GIANT threatens to be pulled back to prominence by De Red Boyz, whether he's ready or not. Big Tune. All  that being said, however, the man of the hour who really does steal the show is fellow Red boy, Rupee as the former sleeping giant himself has had a wonderful season this year and two of his finest efforts are here. First is the faster groovy piece, the still beautiful and just BRITE Feet Don't Fail Me Now. The tune is vibed equally slow and fast and I LOVE the chorus there as Rupee shows he still has that level in him somewhere. If 'Feet' doesn't convince you (and it should), then go even further down the line and you'll come to the best tune overall on Mo' Fire Blazin' the ridiculously COOL Magnet To Steel. Rupee-heads out there can recall a tune by the name of Crime of the Century and a next by the name of Hold Me Tight, Magnet To Steel has the vibes of those two very STRONG tunes rolled up into one. I think the tune shows a level of soca even more `groovy' than typical groovy soca and just really laid back and although my favourite brand of the music is the big jump up style of vibes, you'd be hard-pressed not to enjoy a song like Magnet To Steel on SOME level. MASSIVE tune! I also have to mention the aforementioned Red Boyz favourite Don Trent who also chimes in twice with two DECENT efforts, Dangerous and Hannah. The first is definitely the more impressive of the two songs, it is actually a TRULY big tune (it actually sounds like something which wouldn't be out of place on a Rupee release), armed with a chorus which is as addictive as any you'll find on MFB, period (which is saying a lot) and just generally very clever lyrics and that nice heavy soca bounce. I also have to mention Bobo who impresses a big bit with his real WINNER Riddim of de West Indies. The tune just generally makes you feel so good (particularly if you happen to be a West Indian person, as I happen to be) and it carries such a powerful vibes and is one of the better efforts overall on MFB. And elder artist Red Plastic Bag, nicely surprising, checks in with Wrong Gal. The tune is pretty nice (very nice one to sing a long to) but it was just the mere fact that he was here was a lovely addition. You can never go wrong with Mr. Ragga Ragga (and wouldn't a remake of that classic by De Red Boyz be such a nice thing!). Now, as the album comes to a close I have to say that none of the final three or four tunes really stuck with me, not even Buggy's What's Cookin' which sounds a bit uninspired and flat to me. Soca diva Kim Derrick gets closing duties here with the decent enough, yet generic Gimme Some, but the real highlights of Mo' Fire Blazin' really end about five tracks before (and I'll mention that neither of their previous albums had more than fourteen tracks, maybe that's a good point to stick to on future releases).Overall, despite the way it goes out, Mo' Fyah Blazin' is a pretty solid piece throughout and features some pretty crucial material. Just looking up and down the list of tunes and roster of artists and most soca fans, even without hearing it, might deem it to be a real winner. But, really what's best about this album is something not even on this album: The very fact that De Red Boyz' Mo' Fire Blazin' might just be the fourth or even FIFTH best soca compilation that I've heard this year alone is saying something and not about this album, but just about, as I said, the music has been this year. However, what you have in the latest release from De Red Boyz is exactly what you soca heads have come to expect from them over the years: Some of the coolest vibes from some of the biggest names in the business and, strongest or not, something which will SERIOUSLY uplift the spirits; Crop Over style.
This pipe band goes back to the early Irish traditions of the Cop on the Beat within the history of the NYPD.  While the pipe band is certainly younger than those traditions the inspiration for it remains similar.  No doubt inspired by the British band tours of the 1950s and 60s many local Police and Fire Department pipe bands were started in those days.For the most part this is a street parade pipe band playing your fun Irish tunes and some American favorites as well.  Many of these tunes are not intended for the pipes proper, so some odd sounds can result.  This is not a top of the line British army or Scots Police pipe band like Edinburgh or Glascow for sure!  Still, there is a capable cadre of players here that can produced some grade 3 or 4 sounds in piping.  Some tracks are well done and imaginative.  Most are the basic tunes in piping, with strong Irish-American connections that you would not see any major pipe bands play.There is a poignant medley of tunes associated with the burial of a fallen Police officer which always is an event with strong department and emotional ties.  With the changing demographics in today's Force one wonders how much longer this pipe band will prosper? Still, this is a fun CD and if you're looking for that St Patrick's Day sound you can't go wrong here.
I first discovered Kana from a Putumayo cd - they're terrific. If you like fun French reggae, this band is wonderful.
I'm really not a fan of reggaeton music. I think Daddy Yankee is an abomination. A pretty catchy abomination, but an abomination nonetheless. In light of this, I'm not quite sure why I was so drawn to this album, but after a few listens I'm thoroughly impressed. From a musical standpoint, I'm blown away. The reggaeton influence is clear in most of the tracks, but it's done so well and with such purpose that I can appreciate even the most straightforward tracks like En La Esquina and Loco. It's clear that their intentions stretch beyond creating a club banger that will be blasted throughout Latin America for the next 10 years (see "Gasolina").My spanish is pretty rusty at the moment, and I've only listened through a few times so I can't fully analyze any of the lyrics yet, but it's obvious from the get-go that there is a reason these songs were written. The songs play with a strong sense of urgency, creating something modern and enjoyable while maintaining a deep respect for the culture they represent. This is especially clear in the later tracks where the beats begin to sample from salsa, flamenco, jazz, and other diverse styles (see "Danza Mulata," "La Corona," and the elegant "El Ruego"). This is beautiful music with real purpose and creativity. And most importantly, it's a blast to listen to. Get it.
I listened to this cd actually thinking it was another group that I like.  I think it is fantastic electronica that truly does take you on a trip somewhere in between the Caribbean and a deep underground party somewhere in London.  The combination of sounds and rhythms is extraordinary!  Truly creative and masterful composition of beats, vocals and trippy sounds.While the "singer" (word used loosely) may rely a bit too much on the anticipated power of his lyrics (some of which are rambling and nonsensical), they don't distract from amazing stings, synths and tribal percussion that creates an almost symphonic fabric of sound.  I am a fan now, and I forgot who I was looking for when I made this most pleasant discovery.If you like this cd, check out Beat Pharmacy's Wikkid Times Remixes and Wikkid Times Versions.  A.May.Zing.
Beat Pharmacy's 4th album, WIKKID TIMES, starts off a little bit like a Chain Reaction track overlaid with lyrics. Which is to say, quite nice. "Time" goes for a slightly more traditional dub with tech-flourishes at first, but it then moves into deep territory. The lyrics often have a political bent, but it seems as if they're more of a texture than actual content. "Sunshine" and "Nuclear Race" both have a bit more of a house vibe, though the long synth pads still predominate. "Hope & Frustration" goes into a major key, even if the lyrics seem to be of a minor key. "Backwards Never" slows things down to a crawl, and "Assassination of the Mind" goes for some easygoing relaxation. Wikkid indeed.
one of my favorite bands, i am very happy to see that their old cd's are still available, thank you
I have always been a fan of Azabache but after the primary voice left i was aseptically in the new voice but after accidentally buying the MP3 music  and listening to it I can only say I love the music and the voice.
I downloaded this album a few years ago (I can't remember if it was eMusic or iTunes or Amazon) and noticed something strangealmost immediately: the lyrics weren't matching up with the track listing. After struggling for several days trying to sort the tracks, I broke down and ordered the physical CD; sure enough, the tracks offered for download (on all three of the above mentioned sites)were in the opposite order to the listing. The list itself is correct - the corresponding tracks, however are in reverse order (assuming that the downloads correspond with the samples). e.g. &#34;Hi rim HIM bo&#34;, as of this writing the most popular track downloaded(track #2) is actually &#34;The Flower of Finae (Part 1)&#34; (track #12).After several attempts to get this corrected through the sellers, I contacted the band directly - for which I received a nice emailed 'thank you'.It appears to me that this problem remains; the music is spectacular - you may need to edit the names of the files.
I guess I may have to start adding to my claim that, "Good reggae of any kind cannot hide from my radar", to include the phrase, "except in Canada", as I have been noticing quite a steady stream of SOLID reggae artists emanating from the `Great White North', within the last year or so. Its so VERY interesting to me that I hadn't noticed most of them before as when I lived in the states, it was in the state of Michigan and I, RELIGIOUSLY, tracked to nearby Toronto and surrounding areas almost every year for a big West Indian celebration known as Caribana. And while what I undoubtedly went to Caribana seeking was definitely soca (especially Destra) I apparently (Soca or Die!) failed to pay attention to the burgeoning reggae vibe which was going on the area as well. Toronto and several other parts of the country (actually the MAJORITY of Canada where actual people live) have been a solid hotspot and community for transplanted Caribbean people of all walks of life for quite a while now and it would only serve that those people, just as they have done in New York in the states and in London in the UK as well as all over the world, would  take segments of their culture with them and continue to grow, albeit further away from said culture's normal base. What's going on in Canada apparently is quite nice! Previously, my main experience with the vibes there was coming from Colin Levy (aka Iley Dread) whose solid Kings of Kings camp was once largely based out of the country and remained recording the likes of then up and coming Jamaican talents, Norris Man, Chrisinti and of course Ce'cile; as well as maintaining a very strong relationship with then up and coming producer (now superstar) Scatta, who did a great deal of production for KoK (including producing Sizzla Kalonji's effort for the label, Blaze Up the Chalwa in 2002). Since then, apparently, King of Kings has moved its base of operations back to Jamaica and also in Atlanta in the state of Georgia in the states. More recently I have had the opportunity to begin listening to  the vibes of a STRONG female artist from out of Toronto, the big voiced Tanya Mullings. Mullings (like the artist in question here actually) had been an artist who had actually been on my radars for a minute before I took a deeper look into her vibes and what I found when I did was a very nice and ORIGINAL kind of gosple and R&B-ish; singer with a reggae base (make no mention of the fact that she is VERY easy on the eyes) and she has recorded with some of the stronger Jamaican talents including Morgan Heritage and (a personal favourite of mine) Mega Banton. While Tanya Mullings has definitely been my favourite Canadian reggae artist of recent times, yet another trip back for a minute reveals one who was actually a quite bit more familiar than I would have thought,I tend to get promos and clippings and schedules of quite a few varieties telling me (and showing me) when to expect new releases and a few months ago I received one with an album titled Praises by an artist named Jahranimo. The name was quite familiar to me, I didn't actually know from where, however, and a brief check back revealed that Jahranimo was the artist who had put out an album a few years back (2004 to be exact) by the name of Real Life. That album wasn't one which struck me as particularly good AT ALL. I actually think I've probably listened to it only around four or five times in those four years since it was released. HOWEVER, from a technical standpoint it was very well done, someone, somewhere had spent a nice bit of money or gone through quite a nice bit of effort to deliver it to the masses and at the time it was released I can recall quite a bit of fanfare surrounding (especially on the internet). Jahranimo himself is a Canadian artist, albeit one who was born and grew back here on the island (St. James native) and is one who has apparently done quite well for himself in his time as an artist. As I mentioned, when Real Life reached the masses there was a very nice buzz around the album (which is probably why I picked it up) actually ranking it alongside the same type of following Virgin Islands music wizard Batch and his disciple and good friend Ras Attitude had experienced and, more recently, Gwada export (to Switzerland) Cali P is receiving right now. This makes Jahranimo (in my opinion) one of the artists whom the internet has given such a great exposure to and definitely put him and his music on the radars of so many fans, like myself, even though he does the majority of his work (and lives) in Vancouver, Canada which isn't the FIRST place I'd be looking for great reggae music. Jahranimo's music itself is something which, again, didn't exactly AMAZE me when I heard, but, then again, for what it was, it was very well done. He has somewhat of a CHOPPY and old school type of LOUD delivery. The St. James chanter definitely wouldn't come in the same vein as such modern Jamaican based chanters like Fantan Mojah or Lutan Fyah and, in spite of the overall technical prowess of his music, his style is very much one which I would call RAW. So, although I can't exactly say that I was well anticipating giving Praises a listen, I received it anyway and give it a listen and discovered a project which was a much finer piece than Real Life was altogether. Praises comes via Lightning Ball Productions who was also involved with  the Real Life release as well and is quite a step up to my ears from its elder sibling as Jahranimo definitely shows that he is coming into his own identity as an artist more and more. One of my REAL critiques of the Real Life album was the fact that although it definitely belonged in the reggae section of your local record store, it had a bit of R&B; and hip-hop style of vibes incorporated in it. Normally that's not necessarily a BAD thing exactly, but to my own tastes, I just don't like being `introduced' to an artist who does that the very first time I hear him, ESPECIALLY when I don't know how much other material he has recorded. On the contrary, Praises is a full blown reggae album from an artist in Jahranimo whose work definitely needs to continue to spread outside of the Great White North.As I mentioned for the type of music he makes, Jahranimo definitely has a unique delivery and one which I'm not exactly sold on actually,. He reminds me of (BELIEVE IT OR NOT) a far less harsh and 'grizzled' version of someone like Louie Rankin! To my surprise and my delight he definitely makes that style work on the far more roots and reggae structured Praises which offers quite a few nice twists and turns in its thirteen tracks. Up first is by far the LARGEST twist or turn of them all as Jahranimo links one of the most sought after combinations in all of reggae music as he teams up with Galtego Bay `neighbour' Jah Cure on Praises signature and overall best tune to my ears, I'm Free. Anything with Jah Cure's name on it these days is going to get more than its fair share of attention and when I first heard the tune on the album I realized that through whatever the case I had actually heard it quite a bit before and had been singing it on while the song played. I'm Free is a tune basically announcing that what the world had been searching for, the cure, is now free! VERY VERY nice tune, Jah Cure utilizes his typically earth shaking vocals over the very nice one drop and Jahranimo more than holds his own on a simply wonderful tune. Up next is the title tune which definitely had me `worried' when it first struck in with a bit of a mellow R&B; vibes on the song's intro but ultimately develops into a very nice straight forward rootical track. The message on the tune to my ears is another one which is quite simple, yet one which is definitely neglected and overlooked by the masses: Before you do ANYTHING, you need to praise the King! Whichever name you call him by. And particularly, to my ears, should you happen to walk the Rastafarian path of life (and I do) then Praises the tune just REALLY makes you feel good and uplift the spirit with a very nice vibes. Another very big track and I love the line, "Who crown King of Kings AND NEVER LEF HIM EMPRESS!". Completing the opening of Jahranimo's sophomore effort, Praises is definitely my least favourite tune of the opening three, Ras In U Life. While the tune is definitely TRUE (they do need a Ras in their lives) I just think the song is kind of obligatory and its not that it's a bad song and I normally don't fault an artist for doing a song like such (and ALL of them do at times), but Ras In U Life has a bit of a `hurried' quality to it, not BAD at all, but Jahranimo can definitely do better and has done better. Still a pretty strong way to open an album which, to be perfectly honest I wasn't expecting much from.Definitely what you notice when you go through the tracklist is a nice and healthy number of combinations which I always like to see, particularly amongst lesser known artist as he potentially will turn me on to a few other names along  the way. After Jah Cure, without a doubt the grandest of these artist with whom Jahranimo collaborates is one Ras Iwa (aka White Mice. YES! THAT WHITE MICE!) on the BIG Can't Trick We. The tune comes across a downright angry strong one drop which fits Jahranimo's vocals PERFECTLY! And the veteran Iwa is in strong form still going strong (still young actually, just thirty-eight this year) as the two produced unquestionably one of Praises strongest tunes overall and a real highlight for the album. The album's third finest combination comes alongside yet another veteran, Culture Brown (who is also apparently based in Canada these days) on the WELL POWERFUL Rasta Warn Dem. The tune has a very nice old school vibes to it, both on the riddim and on the vocals. Brown is a fiery (although no where near as loud as Jahranimo) kind of free-flowing style chanter and he and Jahranimo just go in on the tune just DELIVERING top notch in a wonderful style reminding the oppressive world that yes, indeed they have been warned, but "dem neva waan listen!" HUGE TUNE, still growing on me. The other two combinations here are very nice changeups as they feature `Ranimo alongside Canadian reggae female artists Lil Bit and Lil Precious. Lil Bit (who is NOT the soca artist of a similar name, Lil Bit(s)) is featured on the tune Don't Wanna Lose You, which I don't really like to much (it's a derivative hip-hop style tune, but again, it isn't BAD actually). Far better to me is Never Gonna Leave You alongside the (VERY EASY ON THE EYES) Jamaican born Lil Precious (who also has an album out name Every Step). These two make a stronger coupling on the very nice kind of high-tech lover's one drop track. While the balance of Praises finds Jahranimo going solo, it's probably stronger than the part where he has his friends in with him. Check the tune Aids which is unfortunately is a very necessary tune in this day and age with far too many people getting infected with the horrible syndrome. Its kind of a electric type of tune which is a changeup, but the real story is the lyrics and the message getting to the people and both are wonderful here, definitely a  track to pay attention to. Check the anti-violence anthem Gun Advertisement which slows the vibes down to a crawl but is probably a needed thing to do to REALLY capture the senses. The real core of the tune, to my ears, is definitely for the youths to stay far and clear away from the gun thing and the violence thing despite what some of the well misguided older people may try and teach them. The final three tunes on the album are all very strong as well. Briefly, check the Stop remix. I had to go back to Real Life to listen the original tune. Its not VERY different than the original, but I do definitely prefer this version of the nice old school lover's track better (it probably should have been a bonus track on the Real Life album actually). Then there's Crush which is somewhat of a sappy love song, but I guess that would make me sappy as well, because it grew on me IMMEDIATELY. The song has a chorus which I wish you good luck getting out of your head anytime soon and is downright ADDICTIVE at its end. Finishing things up is another strong praising tune (one which is actually stronger than the title track), Hail Di King. This song has just a wonderfully SWEET vibes about Hailing HIS IMPERIAL MAJESTY to the heights. For if you don't, good things just cannot come to you and excellent vibes like this aren't likely to be appreciated by you, to your definite well poor fortune.Overall, apparently someone forgot to remind me that the Caribbean scene in Canada, musically speaking had been something beyond a necessary stop for the soca heads after carnival season had ended. With names like Tanya Mullings and Culture Brown and of course Jahranimo they're definitely brewing something way up there which would delight most reggae heads in some form or fashion. For Jahranimo in particular his new album, Praises, finds him to be at a quality level which is leaps and bounds ahead of where he was just four short years ago on the Real Life album. Even though that album in itself was quite well done, Praises is straight forward reggae which FAR MORE benefits his style and really captures him in a much better frame. Jahranimo's Praises definitely ranks as one of the real sleeper reggae albums of 2008 and would look good in the collection of any reggae fan, new or old.
Much better than I expected. Jazz with Latin beat. Sounds as good as more familiar albums that I.ve recently bought.
"Grandma Mary's Latin Rock," from the 71-year-old Mary Ho, is a release filled mostly with calm and mellow renditions of popular songs. The background instrumentation is relatively simple throughout the album, yet it is professional and not overbearing. This is because the focus of this instrumental album, is on Mary's articulate and skilled guitar playing. On "Black Magic Woman" we really get a sense of Mary's bluesy side as she plays with soul and gusto. On "Apache" we are presented with a quasi-soothing western song in which she lets her guitar sing out in a lovely fashion. On the final track, "Canon Rock," Grandma Mary rips out some hot rock lead guitar riffs! This album is filled with numerous genres and sounds; it is for the most part a tranquil album, with some rockers mixed in as well. You will appreciate this album if you want to be inspired by an album that demonstrates that a love for music is a lifelong passion.  Sean B. and the[...] Reviewer Team
Although its far more of an argument and a discussion that you're likely  to hear amongst hip-hop heads in hip-hop circles, I think it also applies to dancehall: The ARTFORM of DJ-ing (MC-ing in hip-hop) is truly an underrated and overlooked one. While it will inevitably lead to the TIRED argument of the `golden age' and things being so much worse in these modern days than in yesteryear (which I vehemently disagree with, DIFFERENT, not WORSE) its still something that is interesting to look at as the actual DJ wordplay art form is definitely being paid attention to less and less. Part of the fault, at least in my opinion, is definitely due to the current state of dancehall as a whole. ALWAYS a very trendy and follow fashion type of style, dancehall has developed trends which aren't very conducive for producing the type of story telling and just downright INTELLIGENT type of lyrics which we've previously seen. Instead, what we get are these RIDICULOUSLY violent pieces which, while honestly in their own right, are complete brilliance at times, it  somewhat limits itself to just a few artists who are capable of scoring in that type of high-tech vibes and BIG sounding riddims. Can the dancehall heads imagine someone like Vybz Kartel, Busy Signal and ESPECIALLY Aidonia being given a riddim which is strictly for the lyrics and the dancing portion of dancehall MOST OF THE TIME? Certainly you've seen bits and pieces with Kartel over the years but one of the WICKEDEST tunes I've ever heard Aidonia voice was Stand Up Front (which he also turned violent incidentally) over the rebirth of the Duck riddim a couple of years ago. Truly we definitely have the artists to accomplish a return of the ORGINAL DJ style should the vibes come back around and not in terms of finding any and every riddim at least ten years old which did ANY damage at all and sending it back out in a new package, but making MODERN pieces which afford the artists the same opportunity to be brilliant as some of those older pieces. There are a few artist who I feel today are still keeping in time with the very talented and PURE DJ style sans the gimmicks more often than not. Check an artist like Assassin, who although he doesn't score as many hits continuously as his aforementioned peers, more than ANY of them he could have fit into any era of dancehall. The same could even be said, at times for the aforementioned Busy Signal as well and others like Beenie Man of course, Baby Cham, General Degree, newer artist Erup as well and even Sean Paul.But maybe if its not the vocal artists who catch on, maybe it's the producers changing themselves? There are producers such as Don Corleone, Ward 21, of course Dave Kelly (and Tony Kelly) and even Stephen McGregor (at times, although even his more lax riddims tend to have more than a little edge to them) who seem to understand, first and foremost, that the focal point of `dancehall' would of course be the `dance' part, so, although you will hear the gun busting on some of their pieces, you're FAR more likely to hear the hype (not overly HYPE) and just downright SMART riddims from them which serve as very nice backgrounds for some of the genre's most talented lyricists to really deliver well crafted lyrical gems. And now,  I guess I have to (re)add a name that I'm pretty familiar with, one that I just hadn't been paying too much attention to, DJ Karim of Stainless Records. I'm not exactly the biggest fan of mixtapes at all, but I can recall several years ago the Stainless mixtapes being amongst the most in demand in the entire genre (which even years ago, probably around 2001-02, would have STILL been a big deal with as many dancehall mixes as were available then even). And I would say that I still recall hearing quite a bit of fuss and attention about his mixes up until as recently as just a few years back. But, apparently Karim took his attentions away from just making mixes and established his own label (alongside his younger brother), the aptly named Stainless which is based up in Florida and, of course, specializes in dancehall music of the same variety which fed his mixes years back; simply hard, efficient and yet BEAUTIFUL riddims which really allow the artist to present some of their finest work and doesn't, at least not obtrusively, lend themselves REALLY to the more hardcore side of things (in terms of violence that is). As a producer, Karim and Stainless' biggest creation to date probably came back in 2006 as he helmed the BIG Inspector riddim which (had literally like a thousand people voice it) is probably best remembered as the heavy bouncing riddim which backed Sizzla's big controversial hit, Haffi Get It (and if I recall correctly, Greensleeves picked that up and released it on its Rhythm Album Series as well). And now, apparently as the label has reached an even greater level of successes and consistency, Stainless Records essentially rebirths the Stainless mixtape, this time as a well done and just FUN compilation, Dancehall Episode 1. Of course the `Episode 1' portion of the title would lead you to believe that there will be future episodes (and considering this one dropped almost a year ago, maybe even pretty soon we should see Episode 2) which is a good thing as the name Stainless once again becomes one to pay attention to outside of just the production field (and if you live in Florida apparently Karim plays out often). I'm rather confident in saying that in terms of 'official' compilations, Dancehall Episode 1 is probably the best dancehall compilation that I heard in all of 2008, period. While its not something packed and backed with BIG hits from all over the place, it's a piece done almost strictly for the modern dancehall heads who maybe long for that era of just a few years back when the gun busting was held to a minimal and reserved to only just a few of the top acts. Dancehall Episode 1 is just top vibes throughout, no one (or hardly anyone) gets attacked and like most halfway decent compilations, it may also introduce you to a name or two that you weren't previously familiar with.The way the album is set is that it features primarily two of Stainless' most recent riddims, the Pepper Spray and the Sour Diesel and it has a few twists and turns here and there as well as a blast from the past to end things also. Getting things Started on Stainless Records' Dancehall Episode 1 is one of the aforementioned twists and turns as (SEXY!) Kingston native Danielle offers what is definitely one of the bigger hits on the album altogether, Beat It, over one of Karim's latest creations, the Analog riddim. Beat It was a pretty nice sized video for Danielle (had a very nice video as well) and its just a very hype (and X-Rated) tune. Danielle is an artist who has been around for awhile, but is pretty much unknown outside of the local scene. But, with  tunes like Beat It and Brown Girl In The Ring with Beenie Man and Turn Him On (a SEXY combination with Ce'cile) she's definitely getting her name out there and she definitely has SKILLS as well. Nice tune.  Up next is my choice as Dancehall Episode 1's best tune overall, Sean Paul's EXCELLENT She Want It which marks the first appearance of the Sour Diesel riddim. The riddim is a somewhat old school tinged (and by `old school' I mean like circa 2000-02) bouncy piece which eventually just adds a KILLER small keyboard which sets the ting nicely. It just so happens that, to me at least, that time Sean Paul was about the time I came on board and started listening the artist. Now, of course with his popularity in the stratosphere, it may be long forgotten and overlooked, but when at his absolute best, Sean Paul has a downright LIQUID-ish flow and he melds himself to the Sour Diesel for a wonderful result. BIG TUNE which would have definitely fit well on Sean Paul`s first (and best) album, Stage One. Completing the opening of Stainless' Dancehall Episode 1, fittingly is the first of three efforts from young DJ Ice Cold, More Flex More G`s. I've never really been too impressed with Ice Cold and the first tune here really doesn't do anything to change my mind, although you have to stay tuned on that one, because he does much better later. All in all, good start to the album.Besides Sean Paul, there are quite a few other names present on DE1, as DJ Karim definitely links some of the heavy hitters to go alongside the up and comers. The biggest of those names would definitely be Sizzla Kalonji who comes in twice, riding both the Sour Diesel and Pepper Spray riddims. His first tune, Serious Things on the Sour Diesel is the better of the two tunes. Its certainly not the best Kalonji you'll ever hear, but its definitely a nice changeup as he offers a bit of consciousness on the riddim. The same could be said about his No Dutty Heart on the Pepper Spray as well. TOK also takes two spins here with Get Me Horny on the Sour Diesel and Dem Badmind on the Pepper Spray, respectively. By the slightest of margins, I favour Dem Badmind between the two (although the first verse on Get Me Horny, from Bay-C, is WICKED) and I favour it on the entire album as well as it definitely ranks very well alongside pretty much anything on DE1. Spragga Benz also checks in with his tune Down In There over the Pepper Seed. Down In There, although pretty well done for what it is (kind of gimmicky on the melody, however), is the type of song you might've expected to hear from the artist about a decade ago. But I don't grudge Spragga for definitely having fun with the tune, which is clearly what he did there and, again, its not a bad tune at all. Unlike his popular peers, Busy Signal only gets one tune on DE1, which is a shame because his tune, Bamn! on the Pepper Spray, is easily one of the best tunes on the album and a genuine master class as well. Busy is definitely a young artist showing all of the characteristics of some day being amongst the most SKILLED artists the dancehall has ever seen and Bamn is just another fine example of that, as he deals with the somewhat complex wordplay on the tune and makes it look almost too easy. Big tune there. The aforementioned Ice Cold full on leads the charge of the younger artists and when he returns for his second and third efforts both of which are much better than his first. I would probably best describe Ice Cold as a poor man's version of Busy Signal. He doesn't have (at least not yet) the dexterity that Busy does (few do) at this point, but what he does have he puts on full VIBRANT display on the tune Wiggle And Crawl the best of his three songs. I can remember hearing the tune from sometime in 2007 and I wasn't overly impressed with it (I'm still not), but it is DEFINITELY the type of tune which shows a real potential and he can definitely build on something like that. Ice Cold's final effort on DE1, Seh Dem Bad on the Pepper Spray is also pretty good, and again, it shows a real promise from the young artist (who I believe was initially a find by Gadaffi and is now an official Stainless artist (which would explain why he gets three tunes here)). I guess I should also mention Franz Capone's tune Ballin, which I don't really like too much (it also received a pretty nice push), but I mention simply because it features Wayne Wonder, which is always a good thing. As Dancehall Episode 1 winds down, we get two very nice twists to end things with. First is a remix of Beat It by Danielle who, this time, brings Vybz Kartel along for the `ride'. The tunes are pretty different as where the original is, of course, just Danielle, the remix is mostly Kartel with Danielle chiming in (and getting something of a shortened verse later on) throughout. While I still favour the original, I'm a big Kartel fan as well and the remix works for me as well. Ending things for DE1 is the aforementioned blast from the past as Sean Paul returns with his tune, the somewhat conscious Sufferer over the Inspector riddim. I don't recall hearing it previously when the riddim was making its rounds and it `s really a shame because, even though Sufferer is very ODD (it sounds like he is making it up as he goes along) and its not what I would call Sean Paul at his best, it still scores as simply being `something different' definitely. Very nice addition and a very nice way to end things.Overall, I'm definitely interested in seeing if DJ Karim and Stainless continues the Dancehall Episode series. Since this album, Stainless has remained active dropping, most notably, the FBI riddim (which sounds a  bit like the Pepper Spray) and the Cropover riddim (which is an electric bubbling piece with the SLIGHTEST tinge of a Carnival vibes) which could go to fill the tracklist of a possible Episode 2 (and other riddims in the label's history such as the KNOCKING drum and base sounding Takeover also). As it stands, however, Stainless' Dancehall Episode 1 is a compilation recommended for hardcore dancehall heads. I'm not calling the second coming of anything and I'm not even saying they couldn't have selected better practitioners of the craft; but in this time it seems as if the dancehall is turning into, first and foremost, its nice to see someone not forgetting to make DANCEHALL music for the DANCEHALL itself. Well recommended.
Excellent renditions of sufi classics in his soulful voice. Shafqat Amanat Ali has a great voice and this is a very good collection of sufi classic songs.
This is a relaxing collection of Ohta Jr.'s ukulele music.  I would give it 5-stars if songs were played with solely an ukulele (or two as his CDs with Daniel Ho offered), but a guitar and string instruments lending support to Ohta Jr.'s fabulous renditions of a beautiful collection of songs detracts from enjoying his pure, beautiful ukulele style.  The individual songs are very nice songs. Despite my stated bias, I'm sure many will find this CD a joy to listen to as soothing background music.
I thought I was getting  younger  frank sinatra. He is older and his voice is not the beautifull instrument it once was. Wish I could return for an earlier album. The songs are classic and I sang my favorite along with Frank
Downloaded the MP3 songs for my wife because she is a big fan. The songs play clearly on the stereo or the computer speakers and she is happy with them. Qualiy lacks a little because the album is from live shows.
I stumbled across this album while searching for another song.  It was a happy accident.  Some of the songs remind me of "Dead Can Dance", while other make me want to dance.  Listen to the previews and decide for yourself as this is surely not for everyone.
So as it turns out, as Reggae music continues its spread further and further across the planet, the burden of providing the genre with new big names continues to spread as well. While there is, has always been and always will be a steady stream of youths emerging from Jamaica itself, the extended Reggae community is also starting to sprout some very impressive names with whom Reggae heads worldwide need quickly familiarize themselves as soon as possible. Such artists will replace, in and out of Jamaica, will someday go to replace the very popular faces which we know today, just as they have replaced the ones who came before them, but, as I said, that process is now a GLOBAL one. Take a look at Europe for instance. Now there are two artists in Gentleman and Alborosie who seem to claim the lion's share of the attention (and some would argue, myself not included, that it was Alborosie who was to replace Gentleman as the continent's dominant figure in Reggae music), those artists follow superstar Maxi Priest, probably one of the `earliest' European born Reggae sensations and still a fairly large figure in the business, despite his inactivity. There's also the even younger name of Ziggi, a Dutchie who, judging by the strength of his latest offering, the WICKED In Transit album (and a big subsequently released single by the name of Don't Know Why), seems to be really finding his niche and should be more than ready when it's his turn to become amongst the (if not THE) biggest lights from out of Europe. Speaking of Europe, there's also the French scene (which is an area of its own in Reggae terms, as all of the previous artists I mentioned all deliver in English) which stretches right back here to the Caribbean from where so many of its talents emanate, out of the French West Indies. Following current superstars such as Krys, Admiral T and Tiwony (all still fairly young themselves) is a more than capable group highlighted by the likes of Young Chang MC, Malkijah and the oft-mentioned (at least for me) SCATHINGLY WICKED Sak from out of Guadeloupe, of course. And circling back to more familiar grounds, you're likely to be hearing the name Revalation on a GRAND scale in the very near future as the Rock City (St. Thomas) native, at least in my ears, has gone to establish himself every bit the potential superstar as his peer and good friend, Pressure Busspipe, did in the couple of years just prior and we're STILL seeing just how well that worked out for Pressure. Out of Trinidad and Tobago, we've had the first taste of the SUPER-TALENTED vocalist Jamelody and should he ever refine his skills (and by `refine his skills' I mean figuring out how RIDICULOUSLY high his vibes could be if he `Reggae-centralized' them more) he'll probably easily top his neighbours like Khari Kill, Marlon Asher and even Queen Omega in terms of popularity (not skill, that belongs to the Queen). Thus, it isn't the artist only who need ready themselves, there's also we, the listeners as well, for them, because they are definitely present already.There's also an awakening of talents from the Motherland that we need to take a look at as well. Traditionally, the Afrikan Reggae scene has been dominated by, for the most part, two names, Alpha Blondy and Lucky Dube. Both were, essentially, bonafide Reggae superstars and the very odd Blondy remains so to this very day. However, with the TRAGIC passing of South Afrikan Lucky Dube more than a year ago there was created a void for another name to step in. Doing so, for the most part, was Tiken Jah Fakoly, who would probably serve better in `replacing' Blondy someday (they are both Ivory Coast natives after all). There were also the VERY talented Guinean Lyricson who, although he does deliver in English, is VERY ingratiated in the French scene having grown up there and the VERY popular (and VERY accident prone) 2Face Idibia, who makes a very different brand of music from the roots centric Dube, but just may prove to be one of the continent's most popular musicians PERIOD, before his time is done. All that being said, however, the artist who is very much my choice to someday fill and fulfill what Lucky Dube so wonderfully began in his brief time with us is the CONSTANTLY impressive Black Dillinger, like Lucky Dube himself, a South Afrikan native (Cape Town in his case, I believe) and resident. I myself first REALLY caught wind of Black Dillinger from a WICKED tune he released by the name of America on one of my favourite 2007 riddims, the Gangstalaw from German label IM Music. That riddim was full of BIG tunes (and you can now buy it on form as IM released an album for it) which were, for the most part, from names I had already heard of like Luciano, Mykal Rose, Lutan Fyah, Queen Ifrica and especially Natty King. However, the 'best of the rest' was DEFINITELY America and I began to dig deeper into one of the more interesting talents I had come upon in awhile. Of course, the most obvious (and WONDERFUL) bit of information I picked up along in my research of Black Dillinger was the fact that less than just one year prior he had actually released his debut album, Live & Learn for another Germany based label, MKWZO Records (WHO?). And not only that but since the release of L&L;, Dillinger had apparently signed up with IM Music officially and alongside another impressive young Afrikan Reggae talent, Rebellion The Recaller (from out of Gambia), was in the process of releasing an album for the label (Rebellion's piece, Movin On was already released and maybe we'll see Dillinger sometime in 2009 as IM has reportedly just signed a big new distribution deal for their releases). However, definitely not  to be overlooked was what I heard on Live & Learn. When I say that Black Dillinger could may someday serve the masses in much the same fashion as the legendary Lucky Dube, I say it from a full scope, meaning his vibes are more for the youths and his style very raw yet should he learn to really master that, we could definitely be looking at something special here which is clearly evident on Live & Learn.Just like in the cases of Revalation and DEFINITELY Ziggi and even Sak to some degree, when you compare them to the more established artists (Lucky Dube, Gentleman and Admiral T, respectively) you see a bit of `rough around the edges-ness' in their approach (just like from Vybz Kartel to Bounty Killer from a few years ago and now Aidonia to Kartel), which, in my opinion is a part of all of their respective appeals and is especially true in Black Dillinger's case. Setting things on course on Black Dillinger's debut album Live & Learn is what is, in my opinion, the album's finest tune overall, Beautiful Africa. Liken it to what we heard from young Turbulence on his album Hail To The King where he began it with that MASSIVE accapella intro because Beautiful Africa is SPARKLING! The tune exudes a very solemn type of confidence which Dillinger gives only with the backing of humming backing singers and really you would think it the type of chant which would come from an artist from so much more experience (sounds like something Sizzla or even more likely Fantan Mojah may have done). I would assume it was meant strictly as an `intro' but to my ears it rises to the top of the heap with and should you be of Afrikan descent (and I am) it should just make you FEEL GOOD! Big opening.  Up next is a tune `burdened' with the immediate trouble of keeping the high-level vibes intact and the nyah drum backed Do Good `does good' at doing just that. The tune encourages the masses (just like Sizzla's tune of the same title did) to at least TRY to do positive works at all times. Although the tune is a bit clich&eacute;d lyrically speaking (especially verse one), at the end of it does come across well enough. Then the tempo rises a bit with Dillinger showing the some of the youthful exuberance he showed on the America tune; here on Cyaan Run Away one of the album's biggest tunes. Cyaan Run Away is a harsh message to the corrupt and the wicked that despite what you may do here in your days, you CANNOT escape the almighty at the end of your `stay' and maybe even before the end. That big message in a more stepping type of riddim completes what is all in all a very solid opening.The most familiar artist to whom I would probably say that Black Dillinger most closely resembles style-wise would probably be Natural Black because, like Black, Dillinger has that hot and coldness in his `personality' on a tune and when it gets hot, its definitely something to behold. For such a tune check (another Sizzla title) Dem A Wonder. This tune caught my ears IMMEDIATELY because I swear its Sizzla's whose voice we hear first in a sample from one of his tunes (which? I'm not sure), but Dillinger goes on to ride the BEATING riddim to near perfection in a very Sizzla-like style. Then there's the somewhat WEIRD Jah Jah Love. I didn't know what to expect after that `unsettling' opening for the tune and I DEFINITELY didn't expect it to pretty much stay the same over the entire tune! This song can be downright addictive and for his part, Dillinger (especially on the later verses) really starts to shine over a riddim which almost isn't even there! Better Days is another stepper which I would love to see Dillinger perform live someday, although it isn't the strongest tune actually but it does get better through its duration. Although Black Dillinger definitely does shine when he gets more free-flowing he definitely show himself not to be a stranger to a one-drop riddim on Live & Learn as well. Check , for example, that GORGEOUS piece backing the tune Blessed Be which Dillinger rides effortlessly in a big praising tune for His Imperial Majesty (so strong is Blessed Be that it ALMOST makes up for the tune which follows it, My Girl, BY FAR, the album's worst). On one of only two official combinations on Live & Learn, Dangerous Time, Black Dillinger teams up with impressive South Afrikan singer (and his cousin I THINK) Vido Jelashe and the two (as expected) make a very nice duo on the BIG social commentary, which may just be Dillinger's real strength when considering this one, a few others and especially America. The very nice old school tinged tune Never was something which caught my attentions as well. The riddim here also affords Dillinger an opportunity to just freevibe over and what he does is very impressive and, at the same time, one of the most POLISHED vibes you'll hear on Live & Learn altogether as he promises to, "Never go astray or disrespect what The Almighty create!". The stretch of tunes here which leads Live & Learn to its ultimate conclusion consists of very strong material (two of which could be consider amongst it's top class). The first is the very solid and BUILDING vibes of Praises on which Dillinger shows a pretty capable singing voice (he's not quite Turbulence and Ras Attitude but definitely better than Sizzla and Jah Mason with the singing). Then, is the obligatory 'mama tune' (missing altogether is an herbalist tune unless I'm missing something). This one isn't bad either and I was thinking it might be (when considering My Girl, lover's tune of any type probably aren't a strongpoint for Dillinger) but it also has a very nice free-flowing direction to it and, of course, anytime you get that with Black Dillinger, he's at an advantage. Strengthen is VERY impressive and one of the album's best and it's also the second combination on Live & Learn as joining Dillinger is the underrated German based Jamaican singer Yah (Jah) Meek. These two arguably make even a stronger unit than Dillinger and Jelashe as Strengthen RISES throughout and Meek's wonderfully fragile vocals blend so well in the vibes. You could make a VERY strong case that Sinking Sand is the best tune on this album, period (I'm calling it no less than second) as it is just WICKED. Sinking Sand is seriously a tune which, even despite being at least two years old now, I feel could bust in Jamaica RIGHT NOW! Such a very well done and inspirational vibe; telling people to stay away from the literal `traps' (as well as those in human form) before we, ourselves, fall along with the corrupt oppressors. Definitely one of the biggest and most necessary messages on the album altogether and if you think it's the best tune here, I'm not arguing. Closing up shop on Live & Learn is another impressive tune, Hypocrites on which I definitely hear a bit of R&B; vibes as that SMOOTH one-drop comes across effortlessly. I would have liked to see Dillinger go with that singing style again for this one (what he does come up with, however, does sound quite Sizzla-like which, in this case for him, is a good thing). Very high vibes and very high note on which to end things.Overall, while definitely Black Dillinger has a LONG way to go in reaching the levels reached by Lucky Dube, I feel as if he's the man for the task ultimately. What I most appreciate about his style is that Dillinger's vibes come across in such a fashion as they would definitely be accepted in Jamaica right now; I could name more than a couple of artists whose style's are quite similar to his own. Also, it is very worth mentioning that although, as I said, he is a bit `rough-around-the-edges', the tune America, were it on Live & Learn would have been the biggest tune here most likely and that song was most likely voiced after anything you'll hear on this album (as are a few of the other tunes I`ve heard from him since, including a very nice one name Dem A Pressure We and It`s Alright (a lover's tune) from IM`s WICKED Grow With Me riddim), so there's a VERY good chance that Dillinger has been doing some steady improving along his journey since Live & Learn. I'm recommending Black Dillinger's Live & Learn to all types of Reggae fans, new and old and doing so with the condition that it's probably the WORST thing you'll hear from this artist EVER and it's still very good! Black Dillinger, before its all said and done may just be Afrika's greatest Reggae export, period.
I often find myself speaking about just how Important the presentation of Reggae music can be on people who have yet to take a deep interest in our music or an interest at all. Often times, for whatever reason (usually monetary) Reggae doesn't receive the type of glitz and glamour surrounding releases and even down to the releases themselves which aren't always very well done in terms of general appeal. That being said, however, I think, in terms of the ULTIMATE form of presentation of anything (having someone who does/did something showing you THEMSELVES what they do/did), that Reggae music ranks right up there with the best of them as we are truly gifted with some OUTSTANDING performers. In fact, I think Reggae is one of the very few musical genres which can (and does) tangibly PUNISH artists who may not be very good with their performances. The prime example of such a thing would DEFINITELY be Dancehall superstar Sean Paul who, despite the fact that even the most critical observer of his would have to admit makes (at his best) some downright ADDICTIVE Dancehall tunes, was, for years, held back in terms of status in Jamaican Dancehall largely due to his week stage show. You could make the argument that it STILL continues to be a sticking point with his reputation locally with some fans also, his inability to recreate the same vibes in person that he does in the studio (although he has WELL improved in that area to my opinion). Similarly, but on the COMPLETELY opposite side of the spectrum is the legendary Ninja Man. If you've ever really listened to Ninja Man's music, you would have almost certainly noticed that he has about three or four melodies altogether. That's it. You'll notice that songs like Murder Dem, My Weapon and Border Clash all utilized roughly the same melody and, when listened to together through the course of an album, are quite boring. HOWEVER, should you have the good fortune of EVER seeing the Ninja live and in person (even if he's not at his best!) it's potentially an experience you'll almost certainly never forget. The man is that good. And with a very colourful and clear dependence on the live show as Reggae has, I often find it odd that we don't have more in the way of those performances transferred over to the disc (or the digital these days) for releasing to the masses. The fit would seem to be SO obvious and with a history which is so glaringly full of such material, the very fact that we it so rarely these days is confusing to say the least and we definitely give thanks to people like 2b1 who CONTINUOUSLY make `resource deposits' in the field of live Reggae albums.That being said, perhaps it's wise, in one way or another, to look at the Virgin Islands which has largely become a `holding place' for many trends which seem to have left Jamaican Reggae over the course of time. It has gotten to the point where it has almost become a clich&eacute; that Virgin Islands Reggae is Jamaican Reggae, circa 1975 as the way things are done (ESPECIALLY the actual musical output) are reminiscent of that era. Two things in particular apply from that in this case: Along with the aforementioned live presentation of the music is the concept of a fully functioning, self serving and EFFICIENT Reggae band which, aside from those groups such as Firehouse or Prophecy or Shiloh (which perform almost strictly in tour and with certain artists, Sizzla, Capleton and Buju Banton in these cases, respectively) (although Firehouse does work as a unit in terms of production although the quintessential lead singer role would typically vary in that case), has been all but lost in Jamaica over the past few years with very few literal exceptions (like Morgan Heritage). Not the case is that in the VI as the biggest and most well known Virgin Islands Reggae act is and has been for a very long time, Midnite. And although whatever 'Midnite' is these days remains up in the air, you'll often them, even still, referred to as the best Reggae `band' on the earth. And Midnite aren't the only ones, of course, the VI also boasts of big talents such as Bambu Station, The Reggae Bubblers, DAPP Band and others still such as The Zioneers and the Red I Band who act in much the same fashion as the previously mentioned Jamaican bands as they can back a variety of different artists (Bambu Station also does this but have their own lead singer in Jalani Horton. Well, if you hadn't already, feel free to now WONDERFULLY add to those ranks a band who has probably been around longer than all of them, Inner Visions from out of teeny tiny St. John. To speak to Inner Visions' presence in the music, I can rightly tell you that I have no idea, in terms of a timeframe, when I first heard of them, they've just ALWAYS kind of been there. Just last year, the group, which is largely made up of members of the same family, the Pickerings, released their fifth album overall and their very first Live piece, the fittingly titled Finally Captured Live (and I like the word Finally, meaning that obviously there had been quite a bit of requests of  the group to embark on such a project). The album was recorded as part of a tour the band made of Europe from 2007. Now, I could speak to the great performers we have in Reggae and I could speak to the downright STRANGE performers we have (like Elephant Man or Capleton, both of whom seem to ALWAYS strike the stage with passion generally reserved for a Soca Monarch stage) but what you hear with Inner Visions' performance on Finally Captured Live is something SO NICE, and yet SO WEIRD that I don't know if I've ever heard it to this degree in Reggae. While you definitely hear some type audience response and you hear what you might expect to hear in terms of vocal inflections of someone who is singing while moving, for the most part the Inner Visions' Finally Captured Live `captures' them making the music almost EXACTLY as they might in the studio. Absent are the usual `overhypeness' and such activity as Inner Visions just deliver the music as their fans will know it and their potential future fans should know it.It's very interesting that of the groups I mentioned, just last year, Midnite also released their live album debut in the form of Live 94117 and just a few years back in 2006, The Reggae Bubblers also did the same with their effort, Live On Assignment. And were that not enough (and it was), Bambu Station also released a live edition of their Talkin Roots Tour (which featured a whole heap of VI artists, including Pressure Busspipe) on Project Groundation in 2006. It truly comes with the territory, I suppose. Now throwing their names into that market is Inner Visions whose Finally Captured Live gets started with the intro to the show and the first few tunes on the Love One Another Medley. Now this is interesting because it really isn't a matter of a `medley' as I would comprehend it usually (which would be a piece of a song followed by a piece of a song, followed by another piece) but is, instead, simply FULL song after FULL song, resulting in one track tapping out at just over a minute shy of a half an hour. The big name tune here is also the name of Inner Visions' very first album and what you'll hear here is considerably `better' than what you'll hear on that original album (and you can check it out as WONDERFULLY all of Inner Visions' catalogue is now digitally available) and still with the big and simple message of spreading the love to every corner of the planet. The next tune, Cool Reggae Rhythm, also gives the original a run for its money (it's certainly more `dynamic' sounding) as it keeps the levels seriously high and it was right about here that I started to question if I was listening to a LIVE album at all. One of my own personal favourites from the Inner Visions is up next, Pack Up Yo Bundle (it, like Cool Reggae Rhythm appears on the Spiritual Dancer album).This tune is BIG in any form you might hear it in and, again, even though it definitely has more of a `bounce' to it, you definitely don't want to neglect the message on the tune which is its REAL strength in my opinion. No More tears is a tune which came from the Street Corner Musicians album that I honestly didn't spend much time with but I recognized it almost immediately and it is a big song really but one which will ultimately take more than just a couple of spins through to be able to appreciate. The VERY solid Black Sheep (which is a lyrical highlight here and a tune which was probably very nice to see live) and the only tune on the album I don't like, School Daze (Love One Another album) wraps up what is otherwise a stellar start to Finally Captured Live.Despite the fact that FCL has two nearly half an hour long `medleys' I could have told you what the finest tune here was even before it listening as it also contains a rendition of probably my favourite (at worst my second favourite) Inner Visions song altogether, the MAMMOTH Ethiopia which sounds so close to its original form (Street Corner Musicians album). Ethiopia is one of the most simple and less dramatic sounding pieces that you'll hear and it's absolutely brilliant on the literal and figurative levels. The tune is, essentially a repatriation anthem but it absolutely SPRAWLING and covers so many different subjects under that heading and does so on a vibes which you just cannot forget. BIG tune. Ethiopia is the signature of three basically `one-off' tunes sandwiched between the two Medleys. The other two are also very nice: Check Burn Down Babylon (which apparently was a new tune and may be featured on Inner Visions' forthcoming album Stay Alive in January 2010) and then there's Spiritual Dancer, the title track from the album of the same name, a tune sent in tribute to Bob Marley and definitely one of the signature tracks for which Inner Visions is known (it takes a minute to get going but it`s worth  the wait). The second medley, Rebel Medley is strong as well (although I might say that I prefer the first) and a definite highlight of Finally Captured Live. It begins with the tune Rebel (DUH) from the Frontline album (BIG song on that album by the name of Evelasting Love is the only Inner Visions tune I've heard that may be better than Ethiopia) which is a very nice and very comprehensively written tune to my ears. The song sort of follows in the line one might imagine, given the title but it also speaks of very `non-rebel' like activity such as friendship and love but apparently even Rebels need love (and some would say that especially rebels need love). The next tune on the medley, Can You Feel It is apparently quite the favourite with the crowd. I will say that I do enjoy this tune but it sounds absolutely EPIC on it's album, Frontline, so while the live rendition definitely held my attention, that original version still sticks out in my head. There's a tune later on the Rebel Medley that I didn't  too much recognize (apparently titled True Hearts) which is a pretty basic lovers tune but comes across so nicely in the form here. It was about this point (yes, it took this long, I'm embarrassed) where the quality of the instrumentation just becomes so obvious with the one drop on this tune which is downright ANGRY. And Blasphemers, another big tune from the Frontline album closes out the Rebel Medley. Unlike with Can You Feel It, Blasphemers sounds better on Finally Captured Live and ends with a stirring bit which then goes completely musical and is AWESOME at points. Well Done. FCL actually reaches its end with another single tune, Mr. DJ which is just a fun tune to send things out on and it isn't bad actually at all.Overall the main thing initially is to not be fooled (as I was) by Finally Captured Live's misleadingly paltry six tracks as the so called medleys are absolutely FULL of rich material. I'm kind of disappointed that they didn't mix Everlasting Love in the set list this time around but I'm sure I'll catch it live myself one day. The Inner Visions are yet another DEVASTATINGLY talented name from out of the Virgin Islands and they've  taken a step like Finally Captured Live to absolutely just push everything in your face, leaving you with no excuses at this point: After a live album and four studio pieces, you can't really ask for too much more and, as I mentioned, FCL is SO well put together that it's almost like less of a `live album' and more of a greatest hits to a degree. So if you, being a fan of modern Roots Reggae (with a slight inclination to the old school) come to your senses and decide to `finally' check them out, Inner Visions' Finally Captured Live might not be too bad of a place to start.
Just as in the early 1990's when Shabba Ranking struck out and made himself into a global dancehall superstar and record labels started to comb every street corner in Kingston for a similarly talented youths, we are, perhaps, once again seeing that trend come back. Sean Paul's rise to dancehall prominence has seemingly done the same, as now years later, we are still seeing dancehall artists get more and more attention. Initially after Sean Paul, there was both Wayne Wonder and Elephant Man, receiving a similar level of attention (albeit much more brief than the uptown superstar) and STILL we are seeing names like (Baby) Cham, even Sizzla Kalonji, Bermy Collie Buddz and Elephant Man again receive big deals within the last two years and we figure to see a few more in the not too distant future However, truly speaking when the discussion of dancehall artists who are ready RIGHT NOW for a more mainstream and `crossover' level of attention comes up, the names to really be considered are actually very few. Currently VP Records is attempting to give just that type of attention and notoriety to young dancehall ace Busy Signal who DEFINITELY would not have made my list; due to the fact that when he is at his very best, his music isn't AT ALL what one would consider `crossoverable'. Previously there was also talk of doing the same (and it still may happen) with dancehall lyrics demon Vybz Kartel who would figure to have the talent (just as Busy) to do just that, but, at least in my opinion, would lack the personality and the ability to shift his vibes to the point where international heads could even BEGIN to overstand exactly what he is saying. So who do I think could manage to handle the next chance bit of mainstream light being shined in their direction? Although they haven't been consistent as of late, I DEFINITELY think if Sean Paul and Elephant man could (and continue to) score hits internationally then the first boy-band of dancehall, T.O.K. would certainly have a shot of doing so as well. Their label, also VP, tried that with  their most recent album, 2005's Unknown Language (which also hyped itself as THE album to teach Patois to the international audiences), and had decent success with  the album's first single Gyal Yuh Ah Lead. As the group makes a VERY radio and pop friendly brand of dancehall, a similar, yet stronger, level of promotion seemingly awaits their next outing. I would also mention the name Munga Honourable. EVENTUALLY roots reggae music will have to catch on as much as dancehall and I feel it will take a younger artist who feels equally comfortable doing both styles and while Munga may not be the most talented (that distinction belongs to the WICKED Erup), he is certainly the most popular and the most prone to making routine hits. I would also mention still young veteran Assassin who comes much in the same vibes as Cham as well as young roots/lover's rock singer Gyptian. All would and MAY figure in to the mainstream scene in the not too distant future.All that being said, just Shabba received a great deal of attention, at the same time also in the limelight was the UNFORGETTABLE Lady Patra representing the ladies. These days, as opposed to then, the selections of qualified female dancehall talents are several, none of which, however would seem to be more PERFECT for a mainstream eye than Ce'cile Charlton. The singjay holds a very unique place in being now more marketable than the elders of the game such as Lady Saw, Tanya Stephens and Macka Diamond (all of whom will continue to DOMINATE for dancehall heads for as long as they choose), and still more experienced and qualified than the next group of Timberlee, Barbee, D'angel and the likes (I also HAVE TO mention Alaine who is probably the next most likely on the list). What Ce'cile has doing for her musically speaking is one of the most unique skill sets for any woman in dancehall EVER. She is at her core a singjay. Much in the same fashion of a Mr. Vegas or a Mavado and such, she has the capabilities to do either hardcore dancehall or slowed down love tunes and score HITS with either style. She also has production experience, performing experience and just generally knows the ins and outs of the dancehall. Speaking marketability? LOOK AT HER! Ce'cile (in my opinion) has the same thing which the people at Sony saw in Patra more than a decade ago. SHE IS ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! When you can make music which can reach  the most hardened Kingston youth and at the same time be just a few shades away from being radio-ready and look like that, you DEFINITELY have a wonderful foundation (no Jamaican artist PERIOD makes for better videos than Ce`cile). As of late something else which Ce'cile has going for her (as if she needed anything else) has been (and she didn't) a very nice team as within the past couple of years she has aligned herself with Delmar `Della' Drummond and his very well regarded Danger Zone Music Group. The same team also holds the distinction of included the otherworldly talented roots singer Jah Cure and most recently reggae legend Junior Reid with whom Ce'cile shares duties as being the public face of the unit (also in the pack is veteran dancehall DJ Jigsy King and up and comers Mikey Pelpa, Cutty Corn and Ras Fraser amongst others). Previously, Drummond and DZ had released several riddim albums, the most recent, the Journey riddim, on their very own, but they have now taken the unexpected step of releasing Ce'cile's next full length album (with Jah Cure's apparently loaded and ready to go before the end of the years), Waiting. Ce'cile's struggles with her debut album, Bad Gyal, are well documented and I'll spare you the details (of her having to wait about six years to get it out FINALLY), but now just within the last year, she has released Bad Gyal and Badgyal for the Japanese and European markets (the Euro version is still relatively new and is still being promoted heavily by Danger Zone apparently), respectively. With the `streamlining' and `upgrading' Waiting does over both, it rather easily becomes the very best of the small.Waiting actually has quite a few tunes in common with it's two predecessors (which were nearly identical to each other) but it is a more of a step up, slightly more current than the first Bad Gyal Japanese version and more slimmed down (fifteen tracks as opposed to eighteen) and offers a few more highlights and twists than Badgyal Euro version. Getting things started is one of those aforementioned highlights and twists as Ce'cile rides in with the first of three high profile and four official combinations altogether  for Waiting, So Fly alongside reigning King of the Dancehall, the aforementioned Beenie Man. Beenie and Ce'cile have quite a few solid combinations together under their belts now (I can remember all the way back to No Loving on Stone Love's Bad Kalic riddim) and definitely So Fly is amongst their very best. The tune was produced by international hitmaker Scott Storch and was actually a pretty big  tune locally for awhile and made some nice progress around and for people who recall it, it's a real highlight here and further goes to show the type  of attention Ce'cile should expect in the future. Next up is the wholeheartedly more familiar smooth Worth It. The tune was the opening track on both Euro and Japanese albums and here it still has a nice vibes over Kirkledove's nicely paced (and SMOOTH) backing. Worth It was a tune which I had originally left for lame, but ultimately grew on me and, again, would do quite well on international radio in my opinion. Completing the opening for Ce'cile's new album Waiting is another very familiar vibes on Hot Like We (on both previous albums) over South Rakkas' highly addictive Red Alert riddim. The tune is one of the oldest on the album (2003 I believe), but this particular tune was one of the bigger hits from the riddim (in my opinion it was only topped by Capleton's RIDICULOUS Real Hot) and although well well rinsed by this point, to my ears it doesn't take anything away from the vibes overall of Waiting. Very nice way to start the album off altogether.Dancehall albums (particularly those available in the West) seem to be getting fewer and farther between, especially at the highest level and Waiting DEFINITELY just by virtue of its being slides right next to Busy Signal's as THE dancehall album of the moment (unless I'm forgetting something and I don't  think I am (Machel doesn't count)). Of course THE song of the moment on Waiting and its dominant tune is the title track which actually appears in TWO AND A HALF different versions. The main one, the original, closes the album and is the single strongest tune on the album. Waiting the tune is a powerhouse of a tune which rode Danger Zone's own BRILLIANT Jam Down riddim. The tune is a typical one internationally in terms of sticking by her man through thick and thin, but it isn't a popular message in the dancehall and it swept through Jamaica becoming one of her bigger hits to date, period. HUGE tune! Waiting's remix version alongside international reggae superstar Shaggy is also here (it also closed the Euro album) and its VERY GOOD. The tune is one of the few remixes I seem to like these days as the riddim is AMPED way up and the longtime sparring partners once again show the dynamic chemistry they have always had, Shaggy only adds to the track, definitely. Check the nice current single Ride or Die, which is essentially Waiting #2 (thus the HALF) over Jam Down's more recent Journey riddim (which was the label's first album release). Ride or Die is another tune which has grown on me recently. It still isn't anywhere near the levels of Waiting, but its still a big attraction here and you won't find it available anywhere else on real form (except for the aforementioned Journey riddim album). The balance of Waiting is comprised of very familiar tracks and newer pieces, all of which keep the vibes nice and high. The main attraction amongst them (to my ears) is definitely the one which finds Ce'cile `going Beres Hammond', No Disturb Sign. The tune isn't at all derivative of the legendary St. Mary singer `s tune of the same title, but it still has that same sweet (not THAT sweet though) old school vibes and Ce'cile gives one of her more diverse performances recently on the `rub-a-dub' lover's tune which is a real attraction here as you won't find it anywhere else (to my knowledge it's a completely new tune). Once again showing her high level of diversity. Another new tune here and one for the hardcore dancehall heads is Dance which features Ce'cile alongside dancer turned (AVERAGE) DJ, Ding Dong. Anything which involves Ding Dong isn't for my ears (at least not yet), but the dancers will EAT this one up, the tune is of insanely high tempo (Baby G produced) and Ce'cile proves her dominance, at least vocally, over the recording newbie. Another big attraction here. I also really liked the tune Kinda Loving, another sweet lover's tune which scores on the same levels (although not quite as high) as No Disturb Sign. Don't Go is probably the real changeup for Waiting, it has a very nice acoustic one-drop behind it and finds Ce'cile employing her very Patra-ish singing voice (she actually has a nice RANGE when she REALLY pushes it). I don't recall hearing the tune before and its easily the type of tune to get lost in the shuffle here, but its well worth checking out. I'll also mention the BIG sounding Burning Up. The tune could slide off of Waiting an right on international radio RIGHT NOW were it given the proper promotion (and it just might). The rest of the tunes here you probably recognize: The well traveled Faking over South Rakkas' CRAZY Chinkuzi riddim (on both previous albums) which is about exactly what you think it is; Goody which was a big hit despite the fact that it comes over what is quite possibly THE WORST RIDDIM EVER MADE, the Wipeout; and the best of them Hot Like This featuring US hip-hop star Trina, over Lefside and Esco's STILL lethal Throwback Giggy riddim. I actually prefer the original to the remix but it isn't horrible and of course the phrase `featuring Trina' would go quite a ways in establishing the name of the of the Mandeville, Galchester native. The aforementioned title tune sends Waiting on its way, at its end, the finest single piece of work Ce'cile has ever produced.I also HAVE to mention two things here. One: EVENTUALLY Danger Zone will NEED to produce a Jah Cure - Ce'cile combination. Waiting, in my opinion would have been the PERFECT opportunity for such a tune, but its not here and also a reported combination with Junior Reid apparently didn't materialize either (incidentally, for DZ's next `trick' they plan to release Jah Cure's new album, Universal Cure and having already seen the Tracklist for that one, a combination between the two isn't on that one either). Two: On my version of Waiting and everyone I've seen thus far, there is a bit of feedback/distortion in the sound, definitely not Ce'cile's fault, but a fault of someone related to the album, nonetheless.Overall, fans of modern dancehall with a bit more laid back approach (meaning you shouldn't expect what Busy gave you last month from Ce'cile) and taste in their music, you will absolutely LOVE Waiting. The album goes in so many directions and it really does fulfill on the status level of which Ce'cile currently holds in reggae music altogether and it also befits someone having the VAST experience levels which she does. Waiting simply COULD NOT flop and it doesn't and it doesn't disappoint on any levels at all. Really and truly when you look at it as a whole, it is a fairly big deal for dancehall. Ce'cile is by far one of the most marketable artists Jamaica has to offer, which you have to admit whether you like the vibes or not. For me, personally I like the vibes, Waiting proves to be one of the best dancehall albums you'll find in a solid year of releases and it could also prove to be a real launching pad for a potentially HUGE international career.
Good for easy listening; big footsteps to follow but the training and practice that were undertaken provide the due entertainment.
(4.5stars)A mere space of approximately just forty miles from where I am now is one of the very nice and hidden attractions amongst the many in the Caribbean, the wonderful fellow Dutch island of St. Eustatius (which I'm going to refer to as `Statia' from here out). After St. Maarten (the aforementioned "here") and my beloved Saba (which is an even smaller island approximately halfway between St. Maarten and Statia) St. Eustatius is definitely one of my favourite places to visit in the area: The island, like most places here, is absolutely BEAUTIFUL and it has some of the nicest people in all of the Caribbean and perhaps THE nicest people on any of the five major islands which comprise the Netherlands Antilles. The island also has a great bit of nice culture with a dazzling array and mix of people from different walks of life and for me personally, it has served as a bit of a `gateway' between the more `familiar' Northern Dutch Caribbean and the more `exotic' Southern Dutch Caribbean (Curacao, Aruba, Bonaire and WAY on the other side, the landlocked Suriname (actually Aruba and Suriname aren't included, but they are still part of the area)). Something which you'll also notice about Statia, like every other island is the musical tastes, of course. Between Soca, Reggae music and a bit of Zouk and definitely many of the American artists, Statia boasts some of the most diverse musical vibes of probably any at least partially English speaking island in the whole of the Caribbean in my experience. Speaking specifically in reggae (which is why we are here after all, we've seen just a few artist emerge from Statia over the past few years (and a few strong ones in my time living in the vicinity). Actually the one which most recently popped up on my radars is a youth by the name of Mega D (aka The Island Kid). Mega D is actually quite a veteran by this point but what attracted to me to his style was the somewhat `unrefined charm' he has to his vibes. You're not exactly going into a Mega D piece expecting to hear something like Beenie Man or (General Degree) as he is also a dancehall artist, but instead you'll find an artist who is still searching for his identity and in the process making some WONDERFUL vibes (including a tune with (ST. ANN'S!) Jamaican (annoying) DJ Red Rat from awhile back which was VERY impressive on both sides). He has attracted a great bit of attention in Europe as well (as he, like most great things from the Dutch Caribbean has made his home base in the Netherlands) and earlier this year made a very publicized tour of Africa even. Mega D is one of the real highlights of the music scene on Statia (along with a very nice supporting cast which includes the likes of soca/reggae group Rebel's Band). Representing Statia and the extended N. Antilles as a whole.However, just as in St. Maarten we have the great Nasio Fontaine representing as the `crown jewel' of reggae music here (although he was actually born in Dominica), in Statia, THE MAN in reggae music is DEFINITELY Ziggi. The Dutch born artist moved to the island at a very young age where he grew and remains at least partially to this day, it is also where he obviously developed his love and appreciation of reggae music. Ziggi is (to my knowledge) also the number one name in reggae actually The Netherlands as well and simply taking a look at all the European promotion which came with this album, he is apparently firing on all cylinders in going all out and really reaching the European masses (he is also quite popular in Germany apparently as well). He is essentially doing for Dutch reggae (which is, in itself, also up and coming quite strong as well) what superstar Gentleman (more on him in a bit) has done for German reggae and what upstart Alborosie is doing for Italian reggae as well, respectively: Slowly, but surely, reggae music is taking over! Ziggi has also made some progress back home in Jamaica as well as a few years back I recall hearing just a bit of his vibes actually on the radio. His first album, the PACKED So Much Reasons came with quite a bit of fanfare when I received it and it featured some very high profile combinations with Jamaican aces Elephant Man and Turbulence (on a remix tune of Turbulence's own mega shot Notorious of the same year). It also featured SOLID combinations alongside the aforementioned Mega D (a WICKED dancehall piece by the name of All My Girls) and another piece featuring Shanaira Rey another fine artist (who I haven't heard ANYTHING from in quite awhile) from St. Maarten.  So Much Reasons was a youthful kind of RAW dancehall focused album which was pretty well received and helped establish Ziggi's name internationally as well as that of his label,  the Dutch based Rock (N) Vibes. The label, headed by one Mr. Rude (who is also from Statia if I'm not mistaken) is also blowing up largely on the strength of Ziggi. Whatever Rude and Ziggi and Rey (another official RnV artist) are doing they're doing it quite well as the follow-up to So Much Reasons now comes forth internationally under the arm of Greensleeves records; of course that now means that since Greensleeves was bought by VP Records, the biggest Caribbean music label in the world, Ziggi has OFFICIALLY reached the big time! The album, In Transit, is LEAPS AND BOUNDS ahead of what we heard on the (still solid) So Much Reasons as it shows a musical growth one just wouldn't expect to see in the relatively brief interim of just two years. Where SMR was kind of an album which was basically  trying to give the listener EVERYTHING in its over packed length, it was ultimately just about a youth having a great time. The WONDERFULLY titled In Transit is an artist on the move in several ways: Literally, I imagine the Dutch and Statia living artist spends quite a bit of time traveling both for home and on tours these days for work, but it also finds an artist 'traveling' from his youth into his maturity (although ALL the `fun` isn't gone). To my ears, halfway through In Transit I was fully prepared to declare it one of my surprise 'sleeper' picks of 2008. By its end, however, I may just have to call it one of the best reggae albums of 2008, period.I'm sitting here trying to figure exactly who Ziggi might remind me of, vocally speaking. The first name to come to my mind (unfortunately) is Gentleman in terms of the kind of free flowing style, there's also quite of bit of (the `other Ziggy's brother) a youthful Ky-Mani Marley to his voice, just minus Marley's almost signature rasp. After a brief intro where Ziggi and Mr. Rude (In Transit's executive producer) almost miss their plane, getting things started here is the BIG sounding When the Youths Cry. This tune is a big and vibrant version of the tune which ultimately catches my eye as the best tune on the album altogether and if you want to call it the best, I won't argue with you a bit at all. When the Youths Cry is a tune REALLY fits into the current youthful roots vibes you are hearing all over the place and I really would like to see the tune get a bit of a push as it is VERY impressive as Ziggi encourages all the youths to reach to the heights, guided by the strength of His Majesty. BIG BIG OPENER! Next up is a tune which IMMEDIATELY caught my ears as it comes over the German produced (I THINK) KILLER riddim, the wicked iLove. The riddim has been banging on my players for the better part of 2008 with a baseline which you just can't get out of your head for anything. Ziggi's take on the riddim, Need To Tell You This, is a very nice and lush lover's tune for Ziggi's special lady who he tends to have to leave quite a bit to go `in transit'. The tune, although not amongst my favourite on the album, is still quite sharp and on point and I'm loving the vibes and the different styles so early on the album (incidentally check out the rest of the iLove riddim which was released in two parts internationally and features the MAMMOTH Slew U In The Open by Natty King). Completing the nice and flowing opening of In Transit is another very familiar riddim to my ears, the Senior riddim from Jamaican outfit Al.Ta.Fa.An which backs Ziggi's stirring social commentary, Fight This Struggle. What I like here is the lyrical composition as you REALLY see Ziggi's roots skills begin to define themselves. He is a very strong writer who although he may focus on the negative a bit, he NEVER quite paints the picture of something being TOO terrible or unable to be overcame through strength and righteousness. He always offers a nice `turn' to the negative, which is wonderful and to complete the opening of the new album, Fight This Struggle is a wonderful example of just that.It was quite interesting to me that the tune here which really sets itself apart from the pack to my ears is one of the least likely choices as it's not one of the SERIOUSLY strong several combinations (more on them shortly). Its also interesting that the tune, the SCATHING Cry Murdah also has a bit of hip-hop vibes to it. The tune is simply amazing and had me singing to it with my eyes close just enjoying the meditations as Ziggi goes Damian Marley-like swinging through a tune which, in my opinion, could mash up Jamaica RIGHT NOW! Definitely check Cry Murdah, HUGE TUNE! While both Turbulence and Ele are missing from So Much Reasons, Ziggi definitely comes armed with more than suitable replacements for the pair with four high profile combinations for In Transit. First up is the aforementioned Gentleman who turns in a fine effort alongside Ziggi on the strong A Better Way. The tune is a back and forth style combination which really shows well for both artists. Of course, Gentleman is the KING of combinations but Ziggi more than holds his own as the two lay down the hammer against Babylon saying that the youths are WELL AWARE of all its corrupt and tricks. Next up is the FUN Oh Yeah alongside dancehall Diva Ce'cile (who also has a strong album out, Waiting). The tune is also actually on Ce'cile's European album, Badgyal and is apparently doing quite well throughout Europe. The tune has a very addictive vibes across a bouncy Mr. Rude riddim and is just a nice dancehall vibes for the piece. Very nice. The single best combination on In Transit is up next as Ziggi links the original fireman Anthony B for the obligatory herbalist track Blaze It Pt 2. The tune has a very familiar vibes to it and it proves to be REALLY one of the big highlights for the album; Its probably the tune I've played the most hear overall. And definitely check Anthony B's verse on the tune: CRAZY! The balance of In Transit is also very strong before the closer. Check previous single from Frenchie label Special Delivery, Shackles & Chains. The tune is another example of Ziggi not just harping on the negative lyrically as he LITERALLY tells the masses (particularly aimed at those who may be incarcerated now) that the shackles and chains CANNOT hold you down and keep from achieving what you were meant to achieve. Big vibes there. I'm also quite high on the stretch of the three or four tunes which lead to the album's end. Check Unconditional over German label Supersonics SWEET sax heavy Devil's Angel riddim (which also features, oddly enough, Bunji Garlin's hit Mr. Murder). Unconditional is the best lover's tune on In Transit altogether and one of the best songs as well, sounding like something straight out of Ky-Mani Marley's catalogue (at his BEST). LOVE the nyah drum backed obligatory mother's anthem Don't Get Down. There are strong back ground vocals throughout (which may actually be Shanaira Rey) and one of the best examples of it is on Don't Get Down (also check Code Red) which is downright LOVELY. Again, notice he doesn't paint everything as completely BLEAK and for the mothers it certainly isn't and shouldn't be. Good Over Evil checks in over the Viagra riddim, Massive B style and is a strong roots/dancehall place with a STRONG DJ style. Primarily Ziggi is a `singjay' but Good Over Evil (during the verses) he goes straight DJ a lot and does quite well and keeps the consciousness high, showing a nice versatility to his vibes. And just before we got out Ziggi goes even more dancehall on the HYPE Burning Redda. Again, the mix of the vibes is nice, were this the predominant vibes on the album, you'd literally have me BEGGING for something more rootical, but as it is, a tune like Burning Redda is COMPLETELY excusable and the lyrics are still quite nice to go with the hype. Lastly, ending things is that fourth combination alongside Gwada dancehall ACE, the tongue twisting Admiral T. You want to talk about change ups?  Try sticking the million words per minute MADNESS which is Admiral T on a remixed version of the albums biggest tune and not losing much in terms of quality. Mission accomplished.Overall, fans of modern reggae and dancehall you miss out on In Transit at your own mistake. The album is every bit as strong as just about anything you'll hear this year ANYWHERE as Ziggi definitely fulfills on much of the hype which has been surrounding his name for the past few years. Also, besides making strong music, Ziggi is actually quite marketable as well, I could actually see him coming across to many in the same vein as Damian Marley and for an artist still more than a couple of years shy of thirty years old if VP/Greensleeves REALLY take their time with his promotion and marketing, Ziggi could really be around for a very LONG time. As it is, look at Ziggi as the next GREAT artist from out of the Netherlands Antilles after Nasio and representing a youth movement (which includes Mega D and the WICKED St. Martin roots DJ Ambassador Junior Lion, my favourite of them all) just as strong as you'll find anywhere outside of Jamaica. In Transit catches Ziggi moving from the underground, hopefully straight onto your radar screen and steady rising. One of the best reggae albums of 2008.
Not sure when this CD came out, but as soon as I heard it at my sisters' house, I knew I had to have it. Songs are really great & it's a really good CD to drink Mescal to.  SALUD!
If we're lucky, every so often there comes a reggae riddim, which for some reason or another, simply changes the way things on the production side are done for awhile and maybe even permanently. These riddims are almost always not only the absolute `cream of the crop' across the board but also they tend to have either a completely unusual sound or unique set which serves as an inspiration for fellow producers to shoot for (even if leads to downright mimicking). Because of the nature of dancehall music (and as I'm finding out more and more, soca as well) to lean towards following developing trends almost year-by-year, you often see such riddims having a ripple effect in the dance. Remember the Diwali riddim? The absolutely BRILLIANT composition created by longtime producer/musician/engineer Stephen `Lenky' Marsden which built its popularity on the strength of having several ADDICTIVE and ZANY vibes dropped over an infectiously simple handclap foundation. The result was not only a single riddim which LOCKED dancehalls across the reggae loving world, but it also inspired several other riddims to try the concept (with mixed results) as well; we would see not only other riddims from Marsden, but others as well trying the handclap, most memorably South Rakkas' Clappas riddim. Another pretty good example would be LefSide & Esco's Throwback Giggy riddim from a few years back. The Throwback Giggy was actually a recreation of another riddim (Steely & Clevie's Giggy riddim from the early 1990's) and didn't actually start  the trends of relicking older riddims for new ears, but was definitely the star of that trend and subsequently would lead to not only similar concepts (such as the Return Of the Mud Up and the Twice Again riddims); but its popularity would run smack-dab into the eventually MASSIVE Eighty-Five Riddim from dancehall legend Dave Kelly's Madhouse. The Eighty-Five riddim would show the masses itself that not only could you regurgitate old school riddims for new ears, but you could simply MAKE a (BRILLIANT) classic sounding riddim with today's modern vibes. In the roots spectrum, I think things are a bit more difficult to find thee trendsetting type of riddims (which makes this particular case even more interesting), but a recent example, in my opinion would have been Don Corleone's HUGE Drop Leaf riddim which was definitely a surprise coming from a producer FAR more known for his dancehall chops. The riddim would go on to lead to not only follow-ups from Corleone himself such as the similarly vibed Seasons and Heavenly riddims, but, in my opinion you can also trace back airy type of roots one-drop riddims such as the Guardian Angel riddim definitely and it maybe even helped open ears for upstart Kemar `Flava' McGregor, who is, in my opinion, the strongest young roots reggae producer in all of reggae music.Definitely another show-stopping and trendsetting riddim was the World A Music (aka the Welcome to Jamrock and aka the World Jam) riddim which essentially did somewhat for roots what the Throwback Giggy did for dancehall (although bringing back old riddims is infinitely more popular in roots reggae than in dancehall) as it too was a remake from an older piece. You know the riddim for having backed Damian Marley's mega shot Welcome To Jamrock and it went in so many different ways for different producers in such a short time spawning smaller, yet solid, other hits as well. What you might not know, however, is that the riddim all over the world has also birthed `children' and `descendant' riddims as well. In this case, we have one of those descendants to my ears from 2006, one of my favourite riddims of the year altogether, the Rastar. The piece was the signature release from the Florida, USA based label of the same name and it did quite well for the camp, placing it directly on my radars (where it remains) as well as many others across the world, I'm sure and it led into what became another pretty popular release from  the label as they (alongside three-thousand other labels) too released a Midnite album in 2007, the very nice Better World Rasta. The Rastar was probably the FIRST of since several riddims that I heard which made usage of a similar baseline to the RIDICULOUSLY heavy piece which you'll find with your head bobbing to the World Jam. Another similar 'child' to the World Jam was my choice for 2007's second best riddim (after the Gang War), the WICKED Gangstalaw which employed that same baseline, but in its case, almost hid it due to the turns and twists it went through. For the Rastar itself really, I think the case could be made that, although it is DEFINITELY a lot more straight forward than the Gangstalaw, it is arguably just as good (and seriously, if you haven't heard the Gangstalaw and you've read this far into this review, you should just make sure you pick that up as well). The Rastar also received quite a bit of attention as well as obvious by the artists who voiced it (more on that in a minute) and it definitely ranks up there alongside what you'll hear coming out of the west coast in the States with labels such as Lustre Kings and recently Itation in terms of quality and it remains one of the best riddims that I've heard built in the states, probably ever (which is saying a lot actually). Of course a riddim is all but useless without the proper `hands' in which to place it and that is probably its greatest quality. Whoever is in charge  at Rastar (just like Lustre Kings and Itation) seriously makes some BRILLIANT selections in terms of who they voiced on the Rastar. Besides a healthy mix of the `usual suspects' on a roots riddims, there are also a few surprises and a few artists who I just didn't know at all as they also utilized local talent from Florida as well. The Rastar riddim was a COMPLETE and well developed riddim and project as a whole which absolutely stayed on my players for quite awhile and really kept the name Rastar in my head even up to today (which was another smart move; naming the initial riddim after the company).I always love it when a roots producer will take a healthy mix of both Jamaican and Virgin Island artists (and Trinidad and Bermuda and the FWI. . .) to voice the same riddim as it at least proposes the idea of someday having this wonderful stream in the Caribbean where ALL of our artists will have access to the finest riddims around and Rastar definitely does a fine job of that with its lead riddim. Getting things started out on the Rastar riddim album is one of my own personal favourites, Lutan Fyah with his EXCELLENT knowledge packed Fall Hard. I'll say it time and again, its been quite awhile from the last time when Fyah even dropped a substandard VERSE (much less a tune) and Fall Hard is no different. The tune is one where you well need to pay attention to the lyrics Fall Hard as Lutan Fyah reminds all that should you live unrighteous and downright foolhardy, you almost certainly will fall hard. If Lutan Fyah is one of the models of consistency of the current age, then definitely one from the just era, Yami Bolo (with whom he has collaborated in the past), checks in next with his typically OUTSTANDING Cut Dem Off. These days I'm referring to the Kingston singer as a personal comeback favourite of mine as anything he seems to touch these days is brilliance. The veteran effortlessly rides the Rastar with Cut Dem Off, definitely one of the strongest pieces on the riddim altogether. Completing the opening to the Rastar riddim album is (not-so-shockingly) another favourite of mine, Manchester chanter Jah Mason. His tune, Beautiful Words is honestly the least of the three which send in the opening of this one at it almost appears that he's simply going through the motions. Mind you: What I call `going through the motions' for Mason is probably better than the best of about eighty-percent of his peers. Beautiful Words is definitely far from being a BAD tune, but if you know Jah Mason, you know he capable of SO MUCH more. Nice way to get things started and really couldn't have asked for a nicer set up of artists.The interesting blending in of VI artists begins after the opening four tunes and features five of the region's top notch talents, one of whom score with the Rastar's finest tune overall. First up is veteran St. Croix singer Army with Avoid Dem Blood Stain. I didn't really favour hearing the velvety voiced Cruzan over the HEAVY Rastar, but befitting someone of his class and experience he surprises, offering a well quality tune! Next is an artist who I figured, just like Lutan Fyah would do quite well on the riddim, Ras Attitude, who definitely doesn't disappoint AT ALL with one of the riddim's real highlights Faith In Jah. The tune comes in to remind us that no matter how hard things and times become to never lose site of His Majesty. Just a WONDERFUL spiritual vibes and message for the people (check the big free-flowing second verse on that one definitely!). As I mentioned, the best tune on the Rastar riddim altogether belongs to a VI artist and next up is that artist, St. Thomas based Dominican singer/chanter with his downright LETHAL We Shall See. The tune was one of the main attractions from his sophomore album, 2006's fine Purification Session from I Grade Records and it is THE main one here as `Niyo' delivers an ANTHEM of spiritual and mental upliftment. When I first heard this tune I played through it so many times I think I hurt the vibes for awhile, but now, full on two years later, its powers haven't diminished AT ALL and if you haven't heard it then definitely check it here. MASSIVE TUNE! Cruzan Empress Lady Passion is the next VI artist up and the potential packed singjay blends in lovely with her very nice This Is The Way. The tune is just on a knowledge vibes and yet another impressive offering from an artist well overdue for her first FULL release. The last VI artist appearing on the Rastar Riddim album is definitely the most identifiable as (speaking of knowledge vibes) Midnite's Vaughn Benjamin does something and absolutely  GETS LOOSE with his tune, Gi Dem. The tune comes in kind of awkwardly and slow, but the Cruzan wordsmith of wordsmiths soon builds the vibes on the tune to the point of just simply coming off as less of a tune and WAY more of a lesson! You'll have to pour through this one a few times before FULLY gaining every direction he takes the vibes; more of the same brilliance from Vaughn Benjamin, definitely. Sprinkled in that mix are two very STRONG offerings from Jamaican singers Natty King and of course the Messenjah himself, Luciano. Natty King SLIGHTLY outdoes his former idol as his tune Blood Shed is simply one of the biggest vibes you'll find on the Rastar, period. The antiviolence piece finds the 'Man From The East' near the height of his powers and to my ears, he's every bit one of the most talented roots singers we've seen emerge in reggae over the past twenty years or so. Big tune. For his part, Luciano (who also voiced the World Jam, as did Tony Curtis, also here), ever the professional, offers a fine tune himself with his Live My Life, which took a minute to grow on me but is definitely a powerful track. Also in that mix is two even more veteran veterans that Luciano, Junior Reid and Gregory Isaacs. Neither are at their best, but Reid's People Haffi Deh Yah is STILL pretty strong. Isaacs' Save Ethiopia is marred by the fact that YOU CANNOT UNDERSTAND ONE WORD HE SAYS, NOT ONE! Winding down Rastar offers three Florida based reggae artists, which to my opinion is always a good idea. Of Tily Bap, Jamatek and Jahyut, the most impressive just happens to be the only one of the three who I was slightly familiar with before the Rastar riddim, Jahyut (who had a decent album a couple of years back). His tune Africa Is Calling has a very GRIMY and raw appeal to it but he definitely strings together a big Afrikan vibes together, it just carries a HUGE vibes and really ascends to the heights of the riddim. Definitely check that one. I don't favour Jamatek's delivery too much AT ALL (he actually has much more of a hip-hop style cadence), but lyrically, the man is one point and you can't deny him and his tune, Ridaz is more than just decent. And Tily Bap (WHO) could use a bit more work on him, but even his effort, Politician, is pretty nice as well. I haven't heard much from him since, but should he streamline his skills a bit, you can well expect a nice artist there. I'll also mention Norris Man, mixed in amongst the three Florida artists, whose Corrupted System finds him close enough to fine form to make it simply a nice tune; a bit too mechanical versus the dazzling artist he becomes at his ABSOLUTE best, but useful, nevertheless. Ending the Rastar riddim album is an even more useful clean version of the impressive riddim itself, which is wonderfully becoming more and more mandatory these days. The Rastar riddim is just CRISP!Overall, I'm definitely glad to see, in retrospect, that Rastar the label hasn't fallen off the face of the planet. Besides apparently being VERY active in charitable works both in Florida and throughout the Caribbean as well (apparently they have an office in Jamaica) they have maintained a (soon to be steady) release schedule. The follow-up to the Rastar riddim, the BIG vibed hip-hop tinged Red Alert riddim (on which Jah Mason is KING) is due for release soon; as is, more importantly, full on albums from both Lutan Fyah (Love The Creator) and Jah Mason (Keep Ya Head Up) both of which I'm DEFINITELY looking forward to! But whatever and wherever they ultimately go, you'll remember that it started at the big time for Rastar the label, with Rastar the riddim. The Rastar riddim album is recommended to all fans of modern reggae music, particularly those who walked in the door with the World A Music riddim. While certainly derivative of that well famous riddim, given the artists who shine on it and the BIG vibes it, itself, generates, the Rastar riddim is more than qualified to stand on its own legs as a genuinely BIG riddim.
All your hard work paid off man. Nice job on the album. Plenty of dope beats. Keep pushin cuz peace
I bought this sample to practice a particular form of qi gong and it is perfect for that. It has quite a bit of variety, so I could pick out my favorites to combine and I find it quite effective and enjoyable for the movements I am practicing. I don't think I would like it much for just listening or working, as a little goes a long way, in my opinion.
Here's an album, issued on Hula Records in the late 60s, by the Sunday Manoa - prior to their famous Guava Jam LP. Peter Moon is here on uke and slack key guitar, and so is Cyril Pahinui. The Cazimero Brothers had yet to join. Palani Vaughan is the lead singer. He has a smooth, deep voice, very different from the high vocals of the Cazimeros. Some might favor this incarnation to the Sunday Manoa to the more famous group that led the Hawaiian Renaiissance. Its a very nice album, with a mellow vibe. Whether you prefer Palani's singing to the Cazimero's is a personal taste.Although undoubtedly Palani nor the Cazimeros are all talented singers, and I greatly enjoy listening to them, neither are at the very top of my list of favorite Hawaiian vocalists of this era (I prefer Gabby Pahinui, Genoa Keawe, Marlene Sai). The instrumental work on this album is outstanding, and the song selection is also excellent. If you like the later Sunday Manoa albums (Cracked Seed is my favorite), you may want to check out this release as well.
(4.5stars)Keeping one's proverbial ear to the proverbial ground is a trait which is often WELL rewarded when it comes to listening to and being a fan of reggae music. In a genre so full of hidden and not so well known artists boasting IMMENSE talent, it may just (unfortunately) require you quite a bit more effort than simply turning on your radio or computer and waiting to hear something good come on. Even here in the Caribbean, where one might assume virtually ANY and EVERY thing is right within reach, things aren't so easily learned, while I must admit that I have been more and more exposed to such brilliance since moving back, I can honestly say that the search for new reggae talent has only ever so slightly become less of a strenuous process. For example, I'd challenge you to take the attention of almost ANY hardcore reggae head and mention to him or her the name of well talented Westmoreland singer King Cephas. The artist, who I just `discovered' this year has remained on my speakers and players for a few months now (on the strength of his FINE debut album, Coming Of The King) and I predict will be at least two or three albums deep into his respective career before the larger reggae loving community REALLY begins to pay attention. Similarly, the continual emergence of young dancehall talent is one which I feel so honoured to have a far greater knowledge of, yet, even living smack in the middle of the reggae capital of the entire planet, Kingston, Jamaica, I STILL find myself being `snuck up on' by new and even newer artists well worthy of a bit of attention. Within this last year or so alone, we've seen the big surfacing of such POTENT artists as the booming Einstein, the controversial Flexx and Deva Brat, the downright BRILLIANT Bramma de Bomba (more on him in a bit) and the re-arrival of the WICKED Erup, all of whom are seemingly just now starting to get a more and more regular rinsing internationally with more and more appearances on international albums, mixtapes and even performances (and that's only just a taste, I could go on and on with names both dancehall and roots artists). Similarly, there are my well discussed favourites such as St. Maarten's own Ambassador Junior Lion (and now adding Rosan Maccow to that list as well), the various well skilled Virgin Islands artists (recently added to the list names such as the young Revalation from out of St. Thomas and Batch disciple Mada Nile), my recent re-discovery of wicked St. Kittitian singer Mykal Somer, top ranking Dutchie, Ziggi and the list could (and does) go and on and on with my own personal recent various discoveries (including soca artists). The point being: Reggae music, being so SPECIFIC, is one which is so often wonderfully rewards its fans for going the `extra mile'.And perhaps if you read my reviews on any kind of regular basis then you'll notice that I've yet to make ANY mention of the French and French West Indian artists who definitely have caught much of my attentions these days. It takes an even greater effort for an English speaker with VERY mediocre command of the French and Creole languages to keep an eye out for and keep attention to the French speaking genre of reggae music, but THANKFULLY, I do quite well, if I do say so myself. Artists such as Lady Sweety, of course the WICKED Sak (and Sam-X), (L'Homme De) Paille and not too long ago the wonderful Malkijah mark some of my favourite YOUNGER artist discoveries of the French and FWI artists (and Malkijah from out of Reunion in Afrika). Added to that list (somewhere near the top) is DEFINITELY Martiniquian dancehall DJ, Mighty Ki La. In terms of dancehall skill alone, I'd place ONLY the aforementioned Sak and his mentor, superstar tongue twisting Guadeloupe dancehall ACE Admiral T above (not by much) Mighty Ki La, who with a style which is somewhat similar to his aforementioned peers (he's probably in between the two, not as `adventurous' as Sak and not as over-bearing as the Admiral), creates some of the most aggressive and HYPE dancehall and even conscious dancehall gems that are out there waiting for the most discerning and researched and well versed dancehall head. MKL also has quite a bit of time living in the much underappreciated and under-discussed  French Guiana (where I've NEVER actually been before), which to my experience and knowledge, has quite the burgeoning reggae and dancehall community developing nowadays. Mighty Ki La stands quite well when compared to most of his peers as well as he does have more of a refined style than either of very popular young neighbours Daly (who is actually very good, but I think needs a bit of developing, ESPECIALLY learning how to SPEAK UP when he delivers) and of course the aforementioned downright INSANE Paille whose talents lie in the fact that you just don't get as consistently HYPE as he does in dancehall outside of Elephant Man. Now this summer, Mighty Ki La brings forth his wicked sophomore effort K-Libre, following his excellent debut, 2006's K.O. Teknik for Kickilla Productions and Unity Records. Where KO Teknik was much more of a fun type of BIG sounding vibes (still quite refined, however), K-Libre is a bit of a mature step up of Ki La's overall game (KO Teknik is basically `workout listening`). While definitely the fun isn't abandoned altogether (actually it is that type of vibes which still dominates the album for the most part) there is a definite and obvious addition of more and more conscious vibes where Ki La is working on developing his game. As it is really at the absolute top of K-Libre, when compared to the K.O. Teknik album, even the hype tracks stand comparison quite well as, within that scope, he has stepped his game up as well. The album comes via his own MKL Productions as well as DJ Halan's Halan Productions and ends up as an album which I was very much looking forward to (in the two or so days after I knew it was being released and the time I got it) (again, its very important to pay attention) and definitely lives up to my expectations and proves to be one of the best dancehall albums of the year.In his still rather brief time as an artist, Mighty Ki La has attracted quite a bit of attention which made K-Libre one of the more anticipated French/Creole reggae albums 2008 and in the region (where I can listen to Guadeloupe radio stations) the music is quite popular, as it should be. Getting things started on Mighty Ki La's K-Libre is the rather complex Intro: Mon Ambition (My Ambition) which is both kind of funny (because of the `mouth sounds' which develop into the riddim for the actual tune here). When Ki La actually begins to chime in what you get is an all too brief, yet SPECTACULAR introduction and showcase of exactly what you can expect to be enjoying throughout the following sixteen tracks. If you are in need of a bit more of an intro then (go and buy K.O. Teknik) the next track, Ki La's very own title track, M-K-L should more than do the trick for you. This tune is just HARD! What really comes through in Ki La's style is the ability (or drawback at times maybe even) is that he will ALMOST NEVER give up on a rhyme. Unlike both Sak and Admiral T who seem in a hurry to move on to the next, or the far more straight forward superstar Krys, Mighty Ki La will stay rhyming with one word until his dictionary of words is exhausted! The result, at times, is a very nice and unique talking style which he uses to supreme affect on the first real highlight of K-Libre, M-K-L. Completing the opening of K-Libre is the even HARDER Monde &agrave; L'envers (World Turned Upside Down or Reverse World). This tune is amongst the handful or so of tunes which are already singles for the album (Mighty Ki La is apparently very photogenic almost EVERY tune on K.O. Teknik had an official video) (the best of which was probably Ou Soud, the best tune from the album) and is REALLY one to get up and get moving to with just a (expected) BIG BIG vibes! The tune is just outstanding and very clever and probably, even though I don't rate it as the overall best tune on the album, one of the better showcases of Mighty Ki La's real skill level. Outstanding start to an album I was looking well forward to.Of all the very interesting things about K-Libre, definitely the most eye catching on paper would be the combinations; five in all and three really high-profile pieces. The not so high profile two of these five would be the closer, No Limit which features lithe voiced singjay Kaf Malbar (whose name I had actually heard before) from out of R&eacute;union, alongside Ki La. These two actually make a nice changeup for the vibes and slow things up JUST A BIT to close things out (especially considering the nature of the tune it follows) on a very nice note still. The other name here which may not ring a bell to you (and didn't to me) is French Guiana native Fleot who joins Ki La on the somewhat pedestrian D Bete Bete Ki. I'm not very impressed with young Fleot and Ki La isn't at his full powers on the tune (sounds good still) but the two definitely lay a nice foundation on which to maybe develop a nice chemistry, perhaps on a future release from Fleot himself. Those two efforts are infinitely overshadowed by the ARSENAL of top talent which Mighty Ki La recruits to join him on K-Libre. Check the RIDICULOUS Text A Sex which features the aforementioned Paille and in a `land' of high powered amped up pieces, may just be the most upped of them all! SHOCKINGLY the second tune I had heard from this album before it was even released was the tune Dancehall Sp&eacute;cialist which features my own favourite young Jamaican dancehall DJ on the scene today, Bramma de Bomba! The making of the actual duo is an embarrassment of young talent for one tune and I'm loving these FWI-Jamaican combinations (also check Krys alongside both Vybz Kartel and Aidonia on the WICKED tune Hustla). Dancehall Sp&eacute;cialist is one of the best tune on the album altogether (I'm calling it third) and both come with their `A games' and I'd love to see Ki La return the favour someday for Bramma's debut album, maybe even in English! HUGE tune. Dancehall Sp&eacute;cialist is seldom eclipsed on K-Libre and one of the occasions it is, is on the album's finest tune overall, Ready which features Ki La alongside SUPREMELY talented Gwada rootsman Tiwony. Tiwony is another artist you really to search out (and probably my absolute favourite French artist, period). Ready is absolute is MADNESS! Each time you run into that track you have to take several listens and I find Tiwony sounding more and more like Bunji Garlin these days (THAT combination would just too much for me!), which is a good thing, Ready is worth the price of admission for K-Libre alone. MASSIVE! Make no mistake, the rest of these tunes all carry some wait with them as well, including Man Ni Yonn D&eacute;, my choice for the album's second finest tune overall. This tune will literally sneak right up on you. In a line of incredibly hype tunes which seem to develop their power outwardly, Man Ni Yonn D&eacute; does it with DEPTH. That knocking baseline combined with a STREAMLINED flow from Ki La make this one THE real changeup of K-Libre. Blackattak would be another well publicized tune from K-Libre and its another WAY up-tempo piece and easily one of the best of them all. Mighty Ki La does have times where he does slow things up nicely for the vibes as well. Check L&egrave; Ou Tan which is probably the strongest such a vibes and features Ki La on a much more conscious vibes, while not completely neglecting the party vibes altogether still. This was probably the first real in-depth such tune I've heard from him (KO Teknik had none) and he really does a fine job with it, I'd love to see him develop it a bit more still really (maybe even with a combination with either of his neighbours Straika D or Sal. The following tune Homme Politique (Politician) doesn't come with the same one drop vibes, but is more smooth and still well of a conscious ilk and a very nice one at that. Later on down the stretch of K-Libre you again get that slower vibes and this time with a WELL NEEDED dominant female voice to even things out with Jou Tala. The tune doesn't reach the heights of  L&egrave; Ou Tan, but it was really such a welcome changeup from all of the head-knocking vibes and the (unaccredited) songstress even voices in English as well. And I'll send things out a high stepping note by saying to check the KNOCKING and well done Sa Domaj which, as a single tune, takes more twists and turns than perhaps any other non-combination on K-Libre altogether.Overall, EVEN more important than what you hear on K-Libre is to REMEMBER: There is also an artist from out of Guadeloupe by the name of Mighty Kalimba, who is NOT Mighty Ki La (and is TERRIBLY MEDIOCRE)! But, pertaining to the artist that is Mighty Ki La and the album that is K-Libre? Outstanding. Mighty Ki La is amongst the growing and `unignorable' group of young French West Indian reggae and dancehall wordsmiths which seriously reggae heads and the world extended need to pay attention to. What happens here is that simply you are rewarded for going a little deeper. Stop short and of course you'll get to enjoy and love the same Beenie Man and Bounty Killer and Capleton and Sizzla's of the world; go deeper and things like people like Mighty Ki La and amazing albums such as K-Libre await. One of the best dancehall albums of 2008.
The number of all around solid and even sensational roots talents to whom we have been introduced and reintroduced in 2008 and late 2007, in retrospect, has been absolutely STAGGERING. There are artists who have emerged and returned to the reggae public, via album (usually the preferred method of roots artists) or even through releasing solid singles (the preferred method, usually, for Jamaican artists) who simply make you wonder what 2009 and beyond could have to offer to `compete`. And there are those artists to represent both sides of the roots; those of the EXTREMELY almost `techno' or `neo' roots variety, such as roots Princess Etana who has definitely been one of the real bonafide reggae stars of the last two or so, alongside the Tarrus Riley's of the world, culminating this year with the release of her year ruling debut album, The Strong One. Similarly, representing for the youths were locals such as a still HEAVY Erup, I-Octane, Nesbeth, Teflon, Hyah Slice, Kali Blaxx and even the late Eloquent, none of whom reached with an album (except Teflon), but are definitely names to keep an eye on for 2009 and beyond as well (every bit as much as names like Riley, Etana and Duane Stephenson were two or three years back). There were also the cases of both Cali P (from out of Guadeloupe) and of course Jamelody (from out of Trinidad), both reached with their debut albums, Lyrical Faya and Be Prepared, respectively and both are supremely talented as well. Then there are the elder artists (or at least those sounding 'elder). Late 2007 saw the release of one of the finest projects I've heard in a decade, The Most High, from veteran singer Daddy Rings who had spent the better part of his decade touring with and writing for German reggae superstar Gentleman, only to reemerge as a roots POWERHOUSE in his own right with such a CRISP and POLISHED roots style. Then, as the year progressed, things got very fun. Changes are pretty good that you, like so many are still living unfortunately blind and deaf to the vibes of one King Cephas, who to all but a few, came for the very first time with his OUTSTANDING debut album, Coming Of The King which presented a style which harkened back to the LEGENDARY Peter Broggs, to my ears and I'm still waiting to see a pronounced reaction to what was, in my opinion, one of the best new artists and albums of the year under the guidance of VI roots master, Tuff Lion (who, himself had a very unique and fine album, Ten Strings). There was also Harry Mo from out of St. Croix by way of Dominica who presented his ROYAL sophomore album, Back To Africa, again, one of the best efforts of the year. And I could go on and on (like Prince Malachi) but to put it quite simply, if you haven't been paying attention to roots reggae music in 2008, you need to, there are a lot of new faces and some older faces come back.And one of the better ones even still leading into the new year is the well experienced UK based veteran Danny Red (originally from out of Kingston, I THINK). Danny Red is such an interesting case in that, I had actually heard his name before (he had actually previously released an album by the name of Riddimwize which I never heard none at all in 1994) and never could really name even a tune from the artist, but he came back in late 2008 with SUCH a fanfare that I had more or less been getting emails for the better part of two months or so, mainly from European based fans asking what I thought of his album. He has APPARENTLY been accumulating solid vibes throughout Europe working with some of the finest in production talents that the continent has to offer, particularly those in the UK and absolutely WOWING fans over there. Its so interesting to me that I don't really recall hearing too much about this release on this side of the pond AT ALL, certainly not on the more pedestrian forms such as TV and radio and not even (surprisingly) on the internet amongst western based fans from all over. But a definitive tip of the proverbial hat goes to those UK fans and those all over Europe who made me aware that Red would be coming with his new album, Past And Present and being fortunate enough to utilize the more and more popular and likely for UK based artists, Cousins Records who have been absolutely mining the gold abandoned by the `faltering' of former UK giant Jet Star Records for the past three or four years or so and mixing in some Jamaican based artists as well, just as Jet Star did at the height of their powers). Danny Red, unlike some of his `stablemates' such as Lloyd Brown, Peter Spence and DEFINITELY Peter Hunnigale has a very RAW quality to his vibes. Even where all of those artists predominately voice lover's rock as opposed to roots (with Brown actually being about half and half or maybe even more roots at this point) you can just tune into any tune on Past And Present against any tune on the most recent releases of the others and notice the difference. Red's skill was one which was CLEARLY born and crafted in Jamaica by either himself or Jamaican producers who tend to favour more and more IMMEDIATELY unique changes between their artists besides the obvious personal characteristics he/she may bring to a track (not to say that doesn't happen in the UK, but over there they obviously have a prevailing taste which is lover's rock and old school sounding roots reggae music). Danny Red is also an artist, much like Peter Broggs, that is almost a kind of a reggae `litmus test'; meaning that you will REALLY have to be able to appreciate hardcore and heavy roots reggae in order to find the biggest vibes of Past And Present. And its not what you would hear from someone like a Vaughn Benjamin either, but still, if you don't already have a healthy appreciation for roots reggae, you need not even check Past And Present, not even as a starting point. However, if you do fit the credentials of a bonafide roots head, then you, like me, will be absolutely thrilled on what you'll hear throughout the downright EXCELLENT Past And Present from Danny Red.Most of the `heavy lifting' on Past And Present is done by wonderful UK production duo Mafia & Fluxy but the album itself is produced by Danny Red himself and much like Lloyd Brown, Cousins merely handles the distribution for it. You'll also noticed, as I mentioned, Red's RAW style, it has drawn him comparisons to the likes of greats Burning Spear and Joseph 'Culture' Hill. Getting things kicking on Danny Red's first album in fourteen years (from when I was thirteen) is the downright hypnotically OMINOUS sounding Contemplating Mind. The tune is actually a remake of an OLD tune from an unfortunately all but forgotten elder artist by the name of Barrington Spence (who I THINK is still with us) from out of Kingston. I absolutely LOVE this version of the tune, which I had to dig up to recall the vibe on the original and he certainly does Spence justice who I'm all but sure would be/is appreciative of Danny Red taking the tune on and doing so in a very nice vibes to pick a lover's piece to open things (over a LETHAL one-drop). Nice tune. After paying respects to Spence, Red (unknowingly) calls upon Burning Spear and more directly, the late Keith Hudson with the WICKED Jah Is There. Listen to the pacing of Red on the tune and it sounds EXACTLY like something the typically vocally wandering Winston Rodney might pull off (not too dissimilar actually to Jah No Dead) and the tune is beautifully laid over a relicked version of Hudson's Melody Maker riddim. Jah No Dead is amongst the heights of Past And Present, definitely one of the main attractions and I'm LOVING and appreciating Red's own mental catalogue. Completing the opening of the album is a tune which took quite awhile to grow on me actually, that was until I really took a lyrical listen, is Give Jah Praise. I had originally left this  tune as some clich&eacute;d out piece of generic roots, but you REALLY dig into those lyrics (especially in the second verse) and the tune literally blossoms like a flower and, I'm still not calling it one of the best tunes here, but definitely right when you think about passing on it, go back and take one more listen. Very solid opening all around for Past And Present.Altogether, especially with the remakes and the riddims on the album, the title Past And Present is SO appropriate for this project and I'm honestly not fretting over the idea of something such as a PaP Volume 2 should we be so fortunate to receive someday (hopefully not another fourteen years from now, when I'll be forty-one). The most glaring piece of `evidence' of the `past' is one of the real highlights on this album, Be Grateful (which was apparently quite the hit for Red, unbeknownst to me) which is the one tune here which also appeared on the Riddimwize album. Be Grateful is nearly a SPECIAL tune. Take the very minimalist production and add to it such a wonderfully simple message of "Be grateful for who you are", its just a tune which so easily reaches the core and I suppose if one tune had to survive all these years, it would be this one. BIG TUNE. To my ears, however, Be Grateful is topped on PaP by the WICKED Face Of A Lion (fitting with the cover). This tune is kind of a changeup for where it appears on the album as it really just lifts the tone of the vibes and it finds Danny Red laying out a message of morality to the masses which, at times, borders on hilarity, but is always on point and (most importantly) TRUE. The tune speaks of certain things an attitudes and mannerisms and even LOOKS that people carry which they simply "caan go a Zion" with. MAGIC! Another tune here which you'll see getting quite a bit of publicity and promotion from PaP is the tune, Open The Gate. (OBSCURELY!) The tune is a remake of an old and very hard to find tune from an artist named Derrick `Watty' Burnett who is far better known for his association (as an engineer, a producer and a just jack-of-all-trades) with the legendary Lee `Scratch' Perry. I didn't even really remember the original until I tracked down a sample of it and it VAGUELY rang a bell. I don't think the original was so good initially and Red's rendition (which is better) isn't one of the highlights here really either. The same cannot, fortunately be said about the syrupy SWEET Roots She Roots. The tune is the tried and proven `Rasta she want' type of vibe, but its not presented in the normal way (it reminds me a bit of Everton Blender's King Man a bit for some reason, although it directly sounds like something Cocoa Tea might sing), as it is far more OUTWARDLY jovial than you'll usually find such a tune. I'll also briefly mention the tune Sweet Smile which I'm still working on trying to like, but as of yet, but again, even still the lyrical message there is just so nice (I just think its kind of sappy). The final stretch of Past And Present REALLY features some very nice material which I fully expect to float beneath the radar of most, but big vibes still. Sons Of Jah is a tune which I had marked as the album's best tune for awhile, it is THAT strong of a vibes, definitely spin that more than a few times, it just a very nice old 1970's type of roots vibes to it. Final Fight (AWFUL intro and all) is an outstanding tune as well. This one has a bit more 'easy' feel to it, almost like an R&B; vibes in there somewhere, which is a plus because it gives it a nice sing-a-long type of feel to it as it calls on all of His Majesty's children to get ready for the final fight. BIG VIBES indeed. Get Rid A Dat is another changeup for PaP as it pretty much comes in like a basic dancehall vibe. Its not the best of this end stretch (Red simply doesn't belong in the dancehall and he kind of makes up for it with a bit of a gimmicky rhyme style), but it isn't at all a BAD tune and it actually got better to my opinion after a few listens in. I Don't Care comes in lovely with a big powerful knocking and a nice horn and I THINK I hear a nyah drum in there somewhere as well. The tune speaks of simply letting go of unrighteousness and falling into the comfort of His Imperial Majesty and it probably has the best chorus on the entire album. Again, should you ignore it, you'll do it at your own peril, because I Don't Care is really one of PaP's best efforts altogether. Past And Present comes to its end with a forgivable two stepping and square dancing Jah Art The Chapel. You may very well like the tune, but I full on RAN away from before taking the chance that it grow on me. Just a weird way to end the album, but again, given the nature of the majority of the sixteen tracks which proceeds it, a highly forgivable one to my ears.Overall, don't be so quick to turn the page over to 2009 (getting ready for releases from the likes of Anthony B and Capleton early in the year) without checking Danny Red's Past And Present first. The album DEFINITELY has an ode to the old-school vibes so I don't usually recommend that type of thing to newer fans (because they don't usually enjoy it), so, like I said much earlier you REALLY have to like roots music to enjoy this one. However, should you happen to be such a person, you may very well rank Past And Present as one of the best albums of the year. I can definitely see that being a possibility. To my own personal tastes, I would have liked to see maybe a combination or two (maybe even with a  female as the backup singers are very nice when they chime in, especially on Final Fight and I Don't Care (although that one might be a male)) just to change up the vibes a bit more. As it stands, Danny Red Past And Present is one of the final nice roots albums in a year which has certainly had more than its fair share and I'm well looking forward to seeing what he has up his sleeves next time out. Hopefully it won't take another fourteen years!
Overall, it's a fine rock/lullaby CD. I especially liked Riders On The Storm, Love Her Madly, and L.A. Woman.  Some of the songs seemed a little up-tempo for lullabies, but, really, how can L.A. Woman be played real slow? My guess is that my grandchildren will fall asleep just fine, while ingesting the melodies of my favorite band.
i like the style  of music ,very good message, i recommend this to all youth that is ready to change their life for the good.
Thiss cd is pretty freakin amazing. it has that 80'S alt, post punk feel to it (if thats what you want to call it).the only complaint is the like two acoustic songs, they blow.other wise its great!
Nothing completely new in terms of music, but still very well done. Very accessible. Sounds like a cross between Franz Ferdinand, bit of Cure, bit of Vampire Weekend. Nevertheless, I was happy to see a New Zealand band making good indie rock music.
Stephen Street produces one song and Bernard Butler the rest, but it all sounds like it could have been the long lost sibling of The Smiths "Strangeways, Here We Come" and The Cure's Disintigration.  Like Cut/Copy it's a group of young Aussie kids apeing 80's English bands.  Like Cut/Copy they do it very well!!
I have to say that it probably wasn't until I was removed from it on a daily and semi-permanent situation that I REALLY began to appreciate the Caribbean. It wasn't until I went through my first EXTREMELY cold and brutal Midwestern US winter that I started to think back to the previous fourteen or so Decembers I had gone through with the closest thing I had ever seen resembling a snowflake up close and personal being a Snowcone. Also, speaking of the weather, it wasn't until I had to live through a BRUTALLY hot summer that I started to `miss' the sweet breeze that always came with the heat back home. And the people, while everywhere I went definitely had very nice people, I think I took my own people back home a bit for granted when I didn't have to hear, on a daily basis, about how I "talked so funny" or all of the other silly questions that came up (and I do mean SILLY) when someone found out that I was not only Caribbean, but Jamaican specifically ("Do you know Bob Marley? I mean really know him?"). Thus, when I returned, I did everything short of jumping off the plane and kissing the soil knowing I was back to stay and EVERYTHING came back to being so familiar and nice. Musically speaking (which is why we are here), in my opinion I can feel free to lay claim to the fact that, on the whole, we as Caribbean people make the finest brand of music you'll fine anywhere in the world altogether, definitely. Taking myself even outside of Jamaica, moving, at least partially, to St. Maarten, I took in an even bigger vibes than what you will normally hear in Jamaica (where it will take a MASSIVE tune outside of reggae, dancehall and American vibed music to get much spins locally). Musical styles from all over the region come together in islands like St. Maarten, Anguilla, St. Barts, all throughout  the British Virgin Islands and other such islands where seemingly neither of the region's dominate English speaking genres, Reggae nor Soca, dominate what is played and what the people enjoy. Also, it is definitely worth mentioning (ESPECIALLY in this case) that on the islands on which French is the dominate language (or even Dutch, in some cases) and they vibe a great deal of Zouk, such as Guadeloupe, Martinique and Dominica, still you have a great deal of Reggae or Soca acts emerging as well. Truly making the Caribbean, literally a wonderful mixing pot of vibes (now if Jamaica could only catch up).That being said, with all of our wonderful varieties of musical styles and cultures in general, it has seemingly been quite a difficult task SUCCESSFULLY combining them all in something on a specific form. Of course, in terms of presenting the music, its much easier; most notably with Trinidad's Carnival which attracts pretty much everyone and Dominica's World Creole Music Festival, which tends to be one of the other events which can play various styles of music and succeed in doing it. But on form, musically, an album, you RARELY see it attempted. I remember a release by the name of Rasta Legacy, which was somewhat ambitious in its hopes and featured top Jamaican Reggae artists on the same riddims and alongside French and French West Indian artists. I liked it actually, but it didn't catch too much attention here AT ALL. Because it has apparently been such a difficult thing to do, that makes my interest in this particular project even more enticing to my ears (and my eyes for that matter, very nice cover). West Indeez Coast comes through as the brainchild of relatively young French producer and DJ, DJ Fly, who is (at least to my knowledge) primarily a Zouk and Reggae producer who has placed together such a very nice project which seeks to bring together some of the young Caribbean talents from all over the place with the vibes ranging from straight reggae and dancehall, to soca and including Zouk. Reggae heads are, generally speaking, far less accepting to other styles (myself DEFINITELY not included), and particularly soca, but, at least on the surface, I LOVE exactly what DJ Fly has come up with as his West Indeez Coast focuses almost primarily on the young artists as well, perhaps reaching for a younger, less stuck in their ways and downright jaded group of fans to be far more accepting, of such a concept. He also does the same with Zouk, which tends to get more relegated to the `other style' for obvious reasons (Zouk done at its finest is done in French) and, SERIOUSLY, a new age compilation which features a nice level of Reggae, Soca and Zouk artists? That alone is enough to get my attentions, definitely. DJ Fly puts the project out on his own in conjunction with B Caribbean and West Indeez Coast is now distributed internationally digitally (and I'm assuming on actual hard form soon as well) through powerhouse French and French West Indies label, Chabine (who now makes all these wonderful Reggae and Zouk albums readily available to the masses). Musically speaking, West Indeez Coast also features work from reputable veteran French Creole producer/musician Jol Jaccoulet from out of Martinique (where I think DJ Fly himself may actually be from as well) (he actually looks a bit like Martiniquian dancehall DJ Mighty Ki La) who definitely gives the project something more than a bit of a gimmicky style of vibes to it. The album, in general has a very FRESH sounding vibes throughout. While you're certain to find something FAR more Reggae and FAR more Soca and FAR more Zouk (and Kompas, for that matter, also a bit mixed in as well) on either side, West Indeez Coast meets them all somewhere in the middle and give it a very GLOSSY type of feel. I say that to mean that, were this one ever given a big promotion (and it won't), you could definitely have a bit of crossover material involved in here. For me, personally, I always use compilations as a means to be introduced to new artists as well and, as I mentioned, WIC definitely does a find job of doing just that, two of which may prove to be stars at some point in the future.From a technical standpoint, although West Indeez Coast gets going with one riddim for a few of the opening  tunes, after that, for the most part its pretty much just tunes after one another. There are, thankfully, some far from standard twists and turns throughout which definitely add some very needed spice here and there for the vibes. As I just mentioned, WIC introduces the masses to two potential superstars, one of them in Reggae, the other in Zouk. Opening the album is a combination featuring the impressive young Zouk artist, Goldee. When at her best (perhaps and most likely through her link with DJ Fly), Goldee, a young singer from out of Martinique (who is VERY easy on the eyes)  (looking a combination between US R&B; artists Mya and Alicia Keys) is very impressive and is the poster child for a new developing trend of having very heavy Reggae infused with Zouk. Here, she takes the concept even further as she links with Kingston based singer Nicky B on Nicky B. I've seen Nicky B's name on more than a couple of French projects (including a combination with the WICKED Sak, We No Care) and he always does a fine job. Never Leave is no exception as the two deliver a very nice duet style lover's tune over what has to be called a downright ENCHANTING one-drop, sounding like something Don Corleone produced. Very nice opening indeed. Up next is something far more conventional and traditional over the same lovely riddim as Yemance brings in one of the album's best tunes altogether in his tune, High. To my ears, Yamance (bka I THINK Yeahman'C) comes off as a `poor man's version' of super talented Gwada artist Tiwony in that he is able to be very versatile at the highest level (his `high' just isn't as high as Tiwony's, no shame there, no one's is) (and check Martinique artist Baby G, another such artist with a big new album out, Libre). High is a very lovely tune over that still very lovely riddim and one of the standouts on WIC. And completing the opening of the album is another very strong tune from another Martiniquian, Stone J, with his very nice Sa Mwen T&eacute; L&eacute; Diw. The title didn't make Stone J's debut album, Sensations La Vi from earlier in the year, but maybe it serves as a big reason to wait around for his next definitely. Altogether, a very good way to get things going on West Indeez Coast.Besides Goldie, the other artist carrying MASS amounts of potential here is Mischu Laikah, a young Dutchie who actually grew in my beloved St. Maarten. Laikah checks in with two efforts on WIC, the first Never Give Up is a nice tune about sticking through the hard times one faces in life and flows over the same riddim which opens the album and is the better of her two efforts; the second of the two tunes, The Truth is pretty much a straightforward HEAVY R&B; tune, which is okay. I've heard much better (although Never Give Up is pretty good) from Laikah and you will also because she has every bit the talent to bust in 2009 when she delivers what is one of my personally most anticipated pieces in her debut album. For her part, Goldee returns with a remix of her biggest tune to date, Baby Fly. Goldee also pops in with one of WIC's best tunes in the bubbly Comme Du Wine with E'sy Kennenga, a young singer form out of (yep, you guessed it) Martinique. Very nice tune and definitely one for the dance floors. Again, something just DIFFERENT goes on when she sings: It's straight Zouk, but it sound so good on a Reggae vibes as well. TECHNICALLY speaking Baby Fly would be the best tune here on WIC altogether (and CERTAINLY its original would be even better),  but I have to give that honour to a new tune. Check the Soca artists rolling in for the best tune. Bajan Soca superstar Rupee shockingly checks in with Body Fever alongside Zouky, Perle Lama from out of (DUH) Martinique. Lama is a pretty big deal and Rupee's talents are well known, thus Body Fever is automatically (speaking on paper) a big deal as well. The results aren't disappointing at all either, it is a pretty big tune for what it is and Lama shows off those vocals which have made the young veteran one of the names to watch in Zouk. Rupee and Lama, are topped however, by another unlikely character Soca entrant, Maddzart from out of St. Vincy, who comes in with two of the album's finest efforts, including THE finest, period. That tune would be his second effort, the ingenious New Prince In Town. Take a Soca artist and place him over a Reggae one-drop (a BIG one) and lets see what happens! What happens in this case is that Maddzart delivers an absolute winner of a tune essentially telling the guys to mind exactly how they treat the special lady in there lives because there just may be a new prince in town. BIG TUNE. Maddzart's other effort on West Indeez Coast, Love Tonight, a very nice combination with an unnamed female (Goldee, singing all English) is definitely the most typical Soca sounding tune on the album altogether and I love the change of the vibes. I wouldn't have expected to hear a full blown roadmarch type of Soca tune on this album (like Maddzart's RIDICULOUS Carnival Is Mine from this past season, still one of my favourite songs from 2008), I would have expected something smoother and cooler like Love Tonight and the fact that Goldee is in tow, is a big bonus. Big big tune there from the former SVG Soca Monarch. Representing the reggae side of things is even a stronger artist as making an appearance for what is essentially a special for DJ Fly's sound, is Sizzla Kalonji who just as Chico does, offer a Dubplate for the album. Both tunes are pretty much just freestyles from various tunes, just as you would expect but you find an excuse to put Sizzla on an album, especially when I don't expect it, and I don't complain about it, AT ALL. Chico (unlike Kalonji), who has also had quite a few combinations with few French artists (like Lady Sweety and Lord Kossity with Nicky B also), also sticks around to voice an actual tune for DJ Fly, the Girls remix with young Martinique R&B; singer Rickwel which is another HYPE tune for the dance floor and Chico's odd childlike voice has probably never sounded better (Rickwel does get lost in the shuffle just a bit to be honest, have to look more from him in the future). Farenheit is also here with someone named Vital (WHO?) with a combination, Girls, giving big respect to girls from all over the Caribbean which is a necessity (incidentally, the tune isn't related at all to Chico's and Rickwel's tune of the same name) and Farenheit sounds better than he normally does, which is a plus. And as West Indeez Coast winds down you get three very nice tunes, two of which feature Reggae artists. Check Yanica's English Zouk effort, the very nice Forever, keep an eye and an ear on that lovely artist from out of (yet ANOTHER island) St. Lucia (the piana on that one is CRAZY). Lovely vibes and addictive too. Flexx from TOK is also here alongside Zouky V-Ro (from Guadeloupe, I THINK) with the LOVELY What You Want. The two make a very fine combination (even though V-Ro gets the better of him definitely, both in French and English). And back to close things out is Nicky B again (who apparently is a good friend of DJ Fly's) with the somewhat sappy but SWINGING Give You Love. Not my favourite tune on West Indeez Coast definitely, but not a bad tune either, to close things out (and it gets better as the track progresses definitely).Overall I just love the vibes. Big big respect has to go to DJ Fly and B Caribbean and Chabine and Jaccoulet for pulling things together so fine on what is a pretty high profile piece, especially in terms of the Caribbean. Here, where people hardly buy albums and I don't think they bought WIC (which reach in July I believe originally), I think its more important how such an album is perceived internationally, especially in this situation. DJ Fly and company cover pretty much every base in delivering some of the finest in English and Creole vibes from artist all over and across the board in terms of styles and location. Consider West Indeez Coast as something of an interactive travel brochure and I'm recommending for fans new and old of many styles. Or even those simply looking to delve further into some of the best music on the planet, from the best place on the planet.
I would say, and I think most would agree would me that if you were to ask most people what they thought the stereotypical image of a `Caribbean Singer' would be, they would probably say one of the slim and dreadlocked Rastaman singing peaceful songs. Of course, cast in the image of the region's first musical superstar, the immortal Bob Marley, regardless of exactly where you might ask the question (whether they speak English on that particular island or not), I would assume would still get the same answer. However, as the MANY different styles of music and arts of the Caribbean grow more and more, perhaps that image will not necessarily change (EVER), but instead `Marley' may get some `company' along the way. Definitely the highlight and most visual of those new best friends would be the stereotype of the big, arrogant and boisterous dancehall DJ. This one is a very flashy and full on controversial lightening tongued youth who has seemingly spent the overwhelming majority of his upbringing listening to the previous masters of the craft and has grown into the individual ruling Jamaican radios and tabloids alike with his various displays, in and out of the studio. There's also the feminine version of that which is CONSTANTLY in the process of evolving and developing. As it exists now, the archetype of the current female dancehall artist, is the one of the very attractive (see Ce'cile) ever so slightly oversexed (of course Lady Saw and Ce'cile), VERY clever (thanks to Tanya Stephens mostly as well as Saw and Ce`cile) and, again, very flashy (Macka Diamond) Jamaican diva, simultaneously the most visual of idols of young Jamaican girls and the most desired of `prizes' of young Caribbean males as well. There's also the image of the just as changing `neo' roots reggae singer, who, although very similar to those of Marley's era, is much more aggressive and just as controversial (if not more so) than his dancehall equivalent. We also have a similar dynamic evolving in my beloved soca where the VERY neat and downright debonair Caypsonian has made way for an artist seemingly oblivious (for the most part) to all `rules' which apply to other musical genres and his/her SOLE obsession is making music to make their fans wave faster and jump higher than any other. All of these images, THANKFULLY (as its getting full on time that we need to make superstars from our own era more and more now), are flooding the scene of course locally, but internationally as well as the thought of EXACTLY what is a `Caribbean singer' from a looks and persona perspective continues to change just as rapidly as the people and culture of the region itself.Wonderfully accompanying those somewhat `flexible' roles is one which, although definitely more quiet and more low-key than the aforementioned, is one who figures just as prominently in the overall landscape of Caribbean music these days and definitely looking ahead to the future; The Zouk singer. The really wonderful (and interesting) thing about placing a Zouk artist and Zouk music itself in the more visual conversation of things is that - almost by its very NATURE, Zouk music is a very visual art form. Seriously, NEVER have I heard a tune which when I saw the video for it, it made me like it even more, before Zouk! I call it `neo-stereotypical-paradise-music', having (at least in my mind) replaced that ridiculously annoying visual of the beached dreadlocked guitar singer, singing about NOTHING but the sun everyday of his life. Zouk is a music which, at its very core is SO peaceful and relaxing and sensuous and BEAUTIFUL and just a lovely vibes throughout and when done at its finest, is the type of music (whether or not you speak the French/Creole it comes in) which just ENCHANTS the spirit and makes you feel so comfortable and taken care of and that is EXACTLY how I feel about my home. Within that context you have the somewhat odd (to my eyes) looking and somewhat `fragile' male singer and the FAR more wonderful on the eyes, his female counterpart which, through my various initial plunges at REALLY listening to Zouk has taken some wonderful turns in the form of K&eacute;n&eacute;dy (my favourite PURE Zouk singer thus far), the EXTREMELY photogenic Thayna, others such as Fanny, Princess Lover and Talina and the DIVINE Michele Henderson (who sings a wide range of styles of which Zouk is one, check her equally divine latest album Sa Ka. My most recent selection, and definitely one of my most interesting thus far comes in the form of the young Lindsey Lin's. just hearing the brief bit on Lind's' background that I have and one might get the impression that she was almost destined to be a Zouk singer: Lindsey Lin's' was born in France which is where most of the actual business and production of Zouk is done to my knowledge. She was also born to parents one of whom was a born Guadeloupean and the other a born Martiniquian (where Zouk music is probably at its most popular throughout the world and definitely the French (and Dutch) Caribbean as a whole), thus, if you REALLY wanted to `make' a Zouk star, she would at least have the tangible background fitting such. And she hasn't disappointed on her own as she now brings forth her sophomore album (to my knowledge) the WONDERFUL A Mon Image (In My Image) for Zouk Gold and distributed by Chabine Productions (who I`m liking more and more these days). Her first, La Tte Dans Les Etoiles(Head In The Stars) from 2006 was quite nice as well (I just recently received it as well) and featured one of her biggest tunes to date, La Routine (and the title track too). However, that being said, A Mon Image is a rather large step ahead of its predecessor as it features a much more MATURED style and singing (she REALLY has a very nice voice) and it also features her singing the class of music which, again, is very in-tune with what I have discovered is the type of Zouk that I enjoy. A Mon Image is almost a visual journey in learning the new and improved version of Lindsey Lin's, one of the most significant young Zouk artists in the world right now in my opinion.Lindsey Lin's, even more so than the others that I mentioned before (even Thayna and K&eacute;n&eacute;dy and SLIGHTLY more than Talina) epitomizes what in my eyes is a female Zouk singer. The singer is very petite but has a very strong and confident sense about her (see that title track video from her first album) and, of course, BEAUTIFUL, but, just as the cover of this album might suggest, she also has a bit of flare and `rough around the edges' style to her (unlike Talina who is presented just as PERFECT as any artist I've ever seen in any genre) which is a wonderful characteristic for an artist to have in my eyes (makes her look very `familiar, to my eyes she actually looks quite a bit like beautiful American actress Stacey Dash at times). Getting things started on A Mon Image is (not so) SHOCKINGLY my favourite tune on the album, Les Beaux Jours (The Beautiful Days). A Mon Image by Lindsey Lin's is the third PURE Zouk album I've reviewed thus far (the well VARIED Sa Ka notwithstanding) and its the third album on which my favourite tune was the opener which happened to be the first single for the respective albums. Les Beaux Jours is absolutely SPECTACULAR! Track down its delightfully easy on the eyes accompanying video and see the REAL vision which the tune apparently conjures up and then get a taste of what you yourself come up with and be more than impressed on both accounts. I haven't heard the tune exactly spinning a great deal on local radio, but I have heard it here and there and was quite awhile before I fully associated it with Lin's. When I did, and when she herself did, she IMMEDIATELY gave her new album a crowning jewel! BIG TUNE, very nice way to open things here. Coming in second on A Mon Image is a tune which for all intent and purposes is probably even BETTER than Les Beaux Jours (wish it had a video, apparently that`s what it takes to win my attentions in Zouk!), the downright dazzling Aller Plus Loin (Reaching Out). To my ears Aller Plus Loin is a tune which is RIGHT NOW ready for a mainstream level of exposure and I hope it is or is soon to be receiving such in France as the tune just goes in so many different ways and has a very nice swinging `riddim' backing it, very far from the usual ultra-laid back style of Zouk and definitely one of the real highlights from A Mon Image altogether. Completing the opening for Lindsey Lin's sophomore album is the far more `usual' Zouk sounding (I swear I hear what I'm now going to call a Zouk one-drop, in a lot of these tunes), yet no less nice, Mon Prince Charmant. This one, like them all, is just LOVELY and really builds itself in terms of intensity throughout, to the point where in its second half its Lin's singing with a full range of backing singers and doing so in downright dizzying display of sound. EXCELLENT start overall.Really, its simply the balance of A Mon Image to keep the vibes high and even building on the successes established by the start and they, themselves, don't disappoint either actually. To my ears there are several time when those tunes come into the same class as the outstanding openers, such as on the sublime Un Jour B&eacute;nit. This tune just has such a  FULL sound (just in terms of sound, you could probably split it and make two or three others with the vibes) and it kind of snuck up on me, definitely don't let it do the same to you, check it out. The tune which immediately follows Un Jour B&eacute;nit is another song that may fall beneath radars but is downright ENCHANTING, Il Etait Une Fois (Once Upon A Time). The tune here has a very nice `sing-a-long' quality to it definitely as it is gifted with what is to my ears the strongest chorus on the album altogether and it definitely wouldn't be a great big shock to see such a tune as a possible (very marketable) future single from A Mon Image. If it isn't Il Etait Une Fois, then Rivir&eacute; Baby might make a fine choice for a future single as well. This tune is easily one of the finest on the album altogether and it has kind of, again, that stereotypical Zouk sound to it, but given Lin's' apparent penchant for turning complete winners out of seemingly endlessly similar sounding tunes, its no surprise AT ALL, that she does it again with Rivir&eacute; Baby. I would also mention Ma Soeur De Coeur (My Sister From Love) which has what is to my ears a very R&B-ish; sounding vibe to it. It even has a melody in its middle which I'm SURE I recognize from some older R&B; tune but I can't quite pinpoint it. Regardless the tune of its origin, its lovely still and of course it works for this tune. The very unfamiliar voice which opens and continues throughout Pas La Peine (Not Worth It) was definitely a welcome one. I, typically, just don't like hearing guys singing Zouk (to my ears, it's a VERY feminine genre, done best by females) (DUH!) but whoever this (unaccredited) guy is, he does a very nice and MODEST job on the tune and sounds absolutely wonderful alongside Lin's. I'll go back and mention a somewhat odd sounding tune which is STILL growing on me definitely, La Plus Belle (The Most Beautiful). Again, I'm still kind of working on that one, but I do LOVE the backing singers (throughout the album actually, but ESPECIALLY) here, so definitely check that one as well. And closing things out on Lindsey Lin's' A Mon Image is Rencontre (Meeting). The tune isn't one of my favourite of the album, but its still very unique and interesting (its almost just Lin's singing over a basic piano and I found myself just WAITING for the tune to beautifully explode just as Zouk tunes normally do, but it never did) and I imagine, just as so many of the rest, after a few listens through, it too would grow on me eventually (it is actually a VERY slimmed down remix of a tune which closed the first Lindsey Lin`s album La Tte Dans Les Etoiles, which was MUCH better than its remixed form which appears here) . Pretty strange ending here, but ultimately, harmless and forgivable (and you may actually like the tune).Overall, as I said, still being relatively new to Zouk music and trying sift through who is who and how does `who' sound, I'm definitely giving my newbie stamp of approval to Lindsey Lin's' A Mon Image. What this album does (just like Thayna's and DEFINITELY K&eacute;n&eacute;dy's) is to give the listener such a wide arrange of `visual' mental imagery, which is what I think good Zouk should do. Lindsey Lin's is a young artist who is definitely looking at quite a bright future ahead of her and apparently, although I haven't heard her spinning THAT much, she is already quite a big deal. This album really also shows an improvement over the first album, La Tte Dans Les Etoiles, which was a solid piece in its own right (although only nine tracks long) and that's full on something you look for, particularly in a younger artist. The wonderfully titled A Mon Image from Lindsey Lin's is an album which comes with its on audio-visual aids. Pick it up and listen through and your eyes may thank you just as much as your ears! Very impressive.
The idea and the structure of seemingly having fully functioning and self-serving reggae bands is slowly but surely fading away. Beginning within Jamaica itself I think I'd have a pretty hard time thinking of an act, as an entire band, which writes, produces, records and sings all or most of their own material. Even outside of Jamaica, here in the Caribbean, we do have acts like Midnite (who is, perhaps, even a greater example of this phenomenon due to the fact that it's lead singer and songwriter, Vaughn Benjamin, tends to work with WHOEVER is around; calling that rather random collective, Midnite) you also have groups like Bambu Station and Red I and others, but again, those bands do function sometimes as a unit (with the great Jalani Horton fronting Bambu Station), but they also lend out their services (particularly on tour) with other artists as well, unlike the great and famed reggae bands from  the 60's and seventies. You have similar situations in Jamaica as well, such as an artist associated with a band, i.e. Capleton and the Prophecy Band, Beenie Man and Ruff Cut and perhaps most notably these days, Sizzla Kalonji and Firehouse, but don't think for a minute, especially with  the prolificacy of those artists that ALMOST every time they head into a booth they have even a single representative associated with their live band anywhere to be found. You will find it just a bit more with international bands, such as German band Seeed and the likes, however, even there you're seeing the work of the `band' in the studio become almost strictly the work of a single producer and an engineer (even in soca where big bands have a great deal of history, the structure is becoming more producer dominated, instead of 'bandleader'). To my opinion, the reggae band has been replaced figuratively and image-wise as well, but in this, they have been replaced with the 'reggae crew'. For example, while you certainly might not associated any one dominant member of Ruff Cut with Beenie Man, you might recognize the fact that when he tours he does so usually with the loud voiced Clarendon DJ Silver Cat. Similarly, you might not recognize Donald Dennis and the crew which comprise the Firehouse Crew, but when Sizzla toured having the young Turbulence opening up for his live shows, you definitely began to notice the association between the two (that example being WONDERFUL as they both originated  from the Xterminator family which at some point in time included the likes of Sizzla, Turbulence, Luciano, Prince Malachi and Mikey General as well as other nice artists) and since then Turbulence has founded his own crew, The Higher Trod Family and Sizzla as well with Judgment Yard. I think this is just a sign of the times and just as the membership of these crews increase (see Bounty Killer's downright OBESE Alliance) so do the number of skilled and willing musicians, which, at least to my ears, continued keeps the reggae vibes HIGH, worldwide.Apparently the Frenchies have caught on as well. As I've been learning over the past year and a half or so, there are three VERY popular French/French West Indian collectives which are making some of the best reggae music in the French speaking side of things. The first is predominately a group of HARDCORE roots artists by the name of Blak Unite. Black Unite includes the likes of the SCATHING Afrokan, the supremely talented Suga Moss and is headed (I THINK) by West Afrikan star Lyricson who has, thus far, established himself as THE single biggest name in the group of numerous very talented youths (also see Skuddy and Didi Mighty). There's also Blackwarell, a sound system from out of Guadeloupe and a group which includes  F&eacute;F&eacute; Typical, Haitian chanter Lusdy and the most talented Tiwony as well. Lastly is Genesiz, a predominately dancehall group of young artists from out of the Mortenol district of Pointe-&agrave;-Pitre Guadeloupe (which APPARENTLY would be akin to Kingston in terms of producing dancehall DJ`s these days). My first direct interaction with the Genesiz crew would have been with the OUTSTANDING young prot&eacute;g&eacute; of Admiral T, Sak. His debut album, Face &agrave; La R&eacute;alit&eacute;, from 2007 was one of the best albums of that year altogether and really one of the better modern dancehall debut albums that you'll hear ANYWHERE. There's also Young Chang (MC), who featured on the Face &agrave; La R&eacute;alit&eacute; album and is himself (I THINK) three albums deep into a career, including an effort this year with Reflexion for Genesiz. And there's the very good singer Ocsen who also (along with this artist here and Sak) debuted in 2007 with his own album, Rage Dans Les Veines (Rage In The Veins). Now, all camps somewhat need just that odd member who just does something, either in sound or in personality, SO different from the rest of the camp that he or she sticks out even within a unit of relatively similarly sounding artists. For example, in the Alliance its DEFINITELY Elephant Man (anyone who's scene him knows why); while in the aforementioned Black Unite it would be Lyricson (if for no other reason than because he sings in English). In Genesiz, things appear a bit more complicated, you could select Young Chang (who is apparently insane), singer Methi's who (to my knowledge) is the only female in the camp (and a Zouk artist at that), OR, sound-wise, it would DEFINITELY be Sam-X. Last year, he brought forward his own debut album for Genesiz, Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' (which I THINK translates relatively close to Only God Knows). When I first started listening to Sam-X, even before the album (he guested on Face &agrave; La R&eacute;alit&eacute;, big tune name Gun Shot) I thought it a shame as he ALWAYS voiced with some vocoder effect. BUT, who knew that was his actual voice? Sam-X is just STRANGE! His style is very much in lines with those of most of his group mates, but the sound is just something so different. . . But it grew on me through Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav', definitely.The first thing you'll notice about Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' (after the nice and colourful cover art) is the fact that it contains twenty-one tracks with ABSOLUTELY NO INTERLUDES (now that may be a first)! Getting things started on Sam-X's introduction to the international world is the pretty decent Lann&eacute; Apr&eacute; Lann&eacute; (Year After Year). The tune show's off that downright ODD and otherworldly RASP Sam-X has to his voice and it also shows his style (like Sak, but perhaps even more so) to be not just that straight forward jump up dancehall style. Decent enough start. Of the several singles from the album (including Lann&eacute; Apr&eacute; Lann&eacute;) I THINK the second tune Jystis A Bondy&eacute; (God's Justice) was the first and it gets closer and closer to the madness which eventually rises through the album and turns up the HYPE level just a bit over the not necessarily pedestrian opener. Jystis A Bondy&eacute; is an even better statement and example of Sam-X's overall skill level as well as he rides high throughout the tune. One of the album's real highlights. Completing the opening of Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' is the album's first combination, Ti Bwen Lov' alongside Francois La (WHO?). I actually like the vibes on this one as well. It's FAR less of a straight forward type of vibes, it has a bit of an old Creole sound to it and actually Francois La, big voice and all, adds quite a bit to the tune. Pretty decent, yet deceiving, start to Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav'. It gets better.It does, however, get NO better than it does when the tune Toujou An Ev&egrave;y rolls through. The tune caught my ears IMMEDIATELY and has been the album's strongest tune in my opinion from that first listen as it fully shows BEST what Sam-X is capable of. You would think someone just wrote a strange Creole djaying program with the way it sounds. Toujou an Ev&egrave;y is FUTURISTIC BRILLIANCE! Not far behind is the tune introducing himself to the game, the somewhat predictable but MAD S.A.M.X. Again, this might exactly be how dancehall music sounds in the year 2200 or somewhere around there, but in today's day and age, its just ahead of its time (I find myself speaking of Sam-X somewhat the way I talk about Jamaican dancehall artist Aidonia, he doesn't have that skill level (yet) but it is a similar vibe). You'll notice the very healthy number of combination tunes as well on Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav'. After the aforementioned Ti Bwen Lov' is Poko Par&eacute;, another single (You Are Not Ready) alongside the pretty wicked in his own right Kaporal Maiky. It isn't my favourite of the bunch, simply because it slows things down a bit with the hip-hop vibes there, but still a decent tune. Much of the entire Genesiz family jumps in on the very nice title track here which proves to be quite a LOVELY vibes. The tune is a very nice composition over which a few different artists, including Sam-X, Ocsen and Sak all have a go on, yet to my ears the ever present female (who I'm almost sure is Methi'S) tops them all. WONDERFUL tune altogether and one of the best Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' has to offer, period. Young Chang, who I'm not sure chimed in on the title track gets his own shot alongside Sam-X on the bouncing Nou Tout' an Menm Ka La (We Are All The Same). This one really doesn't have that crazy and off the wall type of vibes to it, but they still really hit you, particularly the dancing crowd, nice tune there. The tune charged with immediately following the album's finest tune is Gwada Adan L&eacute; and it features another (I THINK) young member of Genesiz, the WICKED Reyel. I had previously heard Reyel (on a remixed version of Poko Par&eacute; if I recall correctly) and was impressed by him then and on Gwada Adan L&eacute; he impresses even more alongside the back  to the year 3000 sounding Sam-X. The final official combination here, Pa Pl&eacute;r&eacute; is probably the single most popular tune on the album altogether as well. The tune is downright SPECIAL and it features Sam-X over a wonderful one-drop (with a horn later in the tune) giving love and credit to the wonderful women of the world alongside Ocsen and Methi'S. Just a wonderful track showing nice diversity from all three artists as well (check that nice video for the tune as well). Left on his own, Sam-X continues to weave a VERY interesting and varied vibes. The tune which topes the rest, to my ears, is DEFINITELY Ki Moun Ou Ni Adanw which turns up the tempo, although he turns back the loudness (not the ever-present `robotness') of his voice, but its very catchy and becomes quite addictive after awhile. Going back, also check Neg Mawon (Black Man) which has a very nice roots vibes and just builds on the culture of people and is actually one of the more impressive and SKILLFUL efforts on Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' altogether. I LOVE the joyful sounding vibes on Accroche Toi (Catching You) which really opened up something different for the album. I could see a straight POP tune utilizing the same `catchy' riddim for the tune and CATCHY it definitely is, very sweet to the ears. Speaking of different and sweet to the ears, Sam-X later comes in with the tune Chod&eacute; (Scalding) which is built on what is almost a soca vibes to my ears. I can remember going through the album and saying that something like that would be nice (although I don't think I actually REALLY paid attention to Chod&eacute; until recently). It turns out that I was right, full on! Big tune. Going back quickly (because there are twelve-thousand tunes on this album) I'll also mention the cover to the three very HYPE and BIG tunes which come consecutively later on Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav', Chwazi Chimen Aw which comes in like another futuristic tune and sets the biggest stage to follow it (actually, the tune which comes before that one even, Pretty Gyal Dem, is solid as well, for that matter). The album winds down with the tune Viv' Vi Aw, which is another tune on a hip-hop vibes (there are several here), but maybe this one just might be the best of them all as it very much so fits the vibes. And Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' another such tune Open Your Eyes, which is pretty much average (although THANKFULLY, some English on that one) and its almost a straight forward delivery from Sam-X. Its almost like he was doing something purposefully for the international heads on the tune and just having fun with it. Not the greatest ending to the album, but altogether harmless and forgivable.Overall, one of the more interesting facts about Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' that I found out later is that Sam-X himself did much of the planning and programming and producing for the project, which makes the album's length even that much more impressive and apparently he had to cut out quite a bit (do I hear a street album anytime soon Sam-X?). I do have to say that newer fans (and a few older ones as well) may find the overall length to be a bit overbearing and, again, Sam-X's style isn't one which is exactly NORMAL, so I could see how later on in things it could wear thin (which would mean that you might miss Pa Pl&eacute;r&eacute;. Therefore, I'm only comfortable recommending Bondy&eacute; S&egrave;l Sav' from Sam-X for the hardcore reggae and dancehall heads. Be that you, what we have here is an artist who is, simply by being himself, CHANGING THE GAME. Sam-X doesn't have that crazy POLISHED and DETAILED style like Admiral T or Sak; he also doesn't have the kind of range shown by artists like Tiwony or Straika, but what he does have (and he has A LOT of it) is a very keen ear for vibes. The album encompasses dancehall, roots, pop, hip-hop and even soca in its duration, delivered by one of the most UNUSUAL and downright ODD voices I've heard in quite awhile. Definitely Sam-X is an artist to keep an eye (and an ear) on in the future.
(4.5stars)Seemingly, the era of reggae music when each and every artist fit into one and only one category or another is all but gone. Say what you will about reggae's `golden era' having passed (and I may very well agree with you) but today's artists, in my opinion, are, on average, simply more versatile than many of their counterparts from even just two decades ago.  Therefore, even  though there definitely are artists who do tend to fit into one vibe or a next (such as both Lutan Fyah and Fantan Mojah, neither of whom probably EVER will be confused as anything but roots reggae artists), probably the majority of names who are popular, ESPECIALLY those in the roots spectrum tend to deviate and add dancehall elements to their vibes as well. Case and point, the style which I am talking about was probably fathered by Capleton and Buju Banton. Both were dancehall artists from the eighties and established and substantiated their names and reputations in the dancehall, only to later step within the halls of Rastafari, changing not only their lives as a whole, but also their vibes as well. The days of Batty Rider for Buju and Bumbo Red for Capleton have become the days post `Til Shioh and More Fire, respectively. Yet, at the same time, Capleton throwing out a BIG dancehall tune anytime isn't exactly a shock, but they have certainly (at least for the most part) become a far different subject matter than previously and the same could be said for Buju, whose last complete studio album, 2006's Too Bad, was a full on dancehall album, his first in more than a decade. As Capleton and Buju definitely deserve some of the credit for having `started' the style of directly combining dancehall and roots to a previously unprecedented degree there were others who followed who, arguably, did it even better. The main name, of course, would be Sizzla Kalonji who also mastered the `fusion' of roots and dancehall and established himself as one of the finest talents Jamaica has ever seen in the process. There is also Anthony B, Determine, Jah Mason and whole heap of others (like Norris Man, Pressure Busspipe and even, to a lesser degree, Junior Kelly) who originally came through the ranks as roots artists (as opposed to Buju and Capleton) and eventually added dancehall to their skillsets (and of course there's Spragga Benz who did it much in the same fashion as Capleton and Buju, establishing himself as a dancehall ACE before adding roots to his game). Recently, there have been younger artists such as Munga Honourable, Ras Myrhdak, Teflon, I-Octane and Erup) who have had the good fortune of developing as BOTH dancehall and roots artists simultaneously, thus making the possibility of a roots reggae artist going mainstream someday more and more likely.A name that I have added to this list of sort of `hybrid' artist and by far, one of the most talented, is DEFINITELY the eternally impressive Tiwony. Were you to ask me who was the most talented French dancehall artist I've encountered in my brief time listening to the music, I'd probably say either Admiral T or his disciple, Sak. Similarly, were you to ask me the strongest French roots artist I would probably say the Guinean born Lyricson who is absolutely DAZZLING at his absolute best (and still more than solid at his not-so-best). HOWEVER, that being said, in the couple of years or so that I have been enjoying French reggae, I have NEVER encountered an artist more all around talented or impressive than the Paris born, Guadeloupean grown Tiwony. At his heights, Tiwony can be absolutely SPECTACULAR and an awesome reminder of just how the music is supposed to sound, ranking well alongside his Jamaican peers in terms of class and abilities. Tiwony is also the son of famed African (Cameroonian I THINK) bassist Vicky Edimo (whose 2007 album, Jambo Afrika, he appeared on), best known as having once played throughout the Afrikan tour of Bob Marley and just generally having a sound career as a top notch musician in Afrika and Europe. Come through in Guadeloupe, Tiwony was previously part of a group by the name of Double Trouble with good friend F&eacute;F&eacute; Typical which released two albums; Double Trouble Express in 2000 and five years later, the WICKED R&eacute;volution (which featured combinations alongside Jamaican artists Determine and Future Troubles and also the chanting Bole Bolo alongside Edimo himself). Tiwony also helmed his own EP in 2000, (Jah) Beni Yo which was built on his hit tune of the same name at the time. He is also, apparently, quite popular amongst the mixtapes (in France they call them `Street Albums' I believe) circuit as his name is so OFTEN, the one headlining or hosting the mixtapes I tend to get from France and the French West Indes and he has several good ones of his own (most notably Plis Dif&eacute; In Da Street Mix from 2007 after the album, which also featured a nice DVD). But in 2007, having established his name as one of the most talented, popular and in demand artists from out the FWI, Tiwony reached with his first full blown debut studio album, Fly. The album was released for High Top and distributed by Shark Entertainment (neither of which I have ever heard of before, but apparently Shark is a big deal). Fly was THE sleeper of a reggae album of 2007. I had previously heard of the artist (of course, through the mixtapes) and had been quite high on him, but for the final remaining bits and questions, they were ALL solved by not only what turned out to be the Fly album, but, perhaps, even more so what he has done since. Tiwony is an absolutely rolling FORCE of an artist blending styles from reggae and dancehall and able to drift into one (or BOTH) at the exact same time. His base skills, as a roots artist I believe (from the vibes of the Double Trouble Express album is what I'm going by) are also well intact as he can ride a one-drop track on the level with names like Lyricson, Straka D, Daddy Mory and Sal, some of the top French roots talents. Fly is an album which flew WELL beneath the radar for most modern reggae fans, but ended up being an album WELL worth a look from all fans of the genre.I would say actually that the artist whom Tiwony most reminds me, vocally speaking, would be reigning and multiple times Trinidad Soca Monarch Bunji Garlin. The two are VERY vocally similar for the most part (with the exception that Tiwony sings sometimes, which Garlin almost is NEVER compelled to do) and, style-wise, again, pick just about any half roots/half dancehall and you'll get a fairly good idea. Beginning things on Fly is what is my choice as its finest tune overall, the HUGE roots piece, Priy&eacute; Jah. The tune is just SPARKLING with a big heavy spiritual and uplifting vibes (and check the video, definitely!). Priy&eacute; Jah flows brilliantly over one of my favourite roots riddims from 2007 (actually it was produced in 2006, however), the addictive Purple Ting riddim from Frenchie producer Moolood and it was one of the three (that I know of) official singles from Fly. Absolutely loved the tune from the first listen and all modern fans of roots reggae, even if you can't overstand the lyrics will as well. MASSIVE shot to open things up with. Next up is the high stepping title track for the album (alongside decent Gwada artist Mighty Kalimba). As I said, Tiwony is an artist who feels comfortable in both the dancehall and roots arenas, but Fly, the tune, suggests that he might feel equally at home on a soca vibes as he rides Kurty Rankin's CRISP St. Lucian riddim to near perfection. You can  take a mighty fine listen during some of the verses and just listen how closely Tiwony sounds like a Creole version of Bunji Garlin, a combination between the two would be HUGE. He doesn't reach the levels of his `fiery' peer just quite on the tune, but really, I don't think you could find a predominately roots artist ANYWHERE in reggae who could do better with the soca vibes, period. Fly is a big tune. Completing the opening for Fly the album, however, is an even bigger tune and one of it's other singles, Longtime. The version here is actually a remix of the original, which I have NEVER heard, by Gwada DJ Moody Mike. The mix is done absolutely perfect really as Mike infuses the track over a somewhat souped up version of Dave Kelly's famed Eighty-Five riddim (which everyone knows from (Baby) Cham's Ghetto Story) to wonderful results. The tune was probably the single most popular on the album altogether and you STILL hear it playing on the radio occasionally. Also, for his part, Tiwony absolutely LOCKS OFF the flow on the tune at one point. Excellent way to end the opening of Fly.Besides Kalimba checking in on the title track, Fly also features three other fairly high profile combinations as well. The first of the three t he social commentary dancehall track, Clone, features Tiwony alongside recent breakout artist, Cali P from out of Switzerland by way of Guadeloupe. Cali himself had his debut album this year, Lyrical Faya on which Tiwony returned the favour on the tune Afrikan Love, but Clone is a simply a BIGGER track. The two have a wicked chemistry and on a heavy dancehall type of vibes it comes through even more. Speaking of chemistry, there probably isn't an artist on the planet with whom Tiwony has more chemistry than F&eacute;F&eacute; Typical who joins in on the tune Yo S&eacute; D&eacute; Faux, another heavy dancehall vibed tune. Although I rate Clone as the better tune, Yo S&eacute; D&eacute; Faux is a song which had me just singing along so easy. Just a high vibes throughout that one definitely. On the final combination on Fly, Tiwony makes his allegiances well defined as if there were any questions (and there weren't) on Jah Unit, alongside Martiniquian chanter Straika D. Check the SCATHING first verse here as Tiwony (throughout the tune) makes a very clever play on words with an unfortunately more popular musical `unit' of sorts AND Straika adds wonderful spices and blends throughout as well. Nice track. When back to being left on his own, Tiwony continues to mine gold on Fly. Check the KNOCKING Plis Dif&eacute; 2, named after one of Tiwony's signature catch phrases (the other being "Tiwony Deh Yahhhh!") . Plis Dif&eacute; 2 is HEAVY dancehall, featuring probably the craziest flow on the entire album somewhere in there and this is what I mean by being versatile. A roots artist need not have this type of capabilities on a dancehall cut and Tiwony has it and then some. HAILE IMPRESSIVE! Later, for Fly's three penultimate tunes, the vibes swing back to straight roots. Fo Ou Pal&eacute; is a SWEET SWEET vibe throughout its three minutes and thirty-seven seconds. The tune also has a very nice horn added for a slight old school vibes and it definitely had my head rocking quite a bit. Monde Sans Morale (Wicked World, or World Without Morals) is another TOP NOTCH rootical track. Checking in over Maffe Production's fine Xpulsion riddim (another nice usage of horns), probably the best one drop on Fly altogether, Tiwony delivers a wonderful roots vibes to the masses and this tune sounds like something which could do quite well in Jamaica RIGHT NOW (actually, Jamaican dancehall DJ, Harry Toddler voiced the riddim as well with the nice Rasta Nah Eat). The final roots selection on Fly is DEFINITELY one of the real highlights from the album and another single, Oupatebizwentousa over Elohim's big time Black Marianne riddim (which is also available on a riddim album, as are the Purple Ting and Xpulsion to my knowledge) (Tiwony scores the riddims biggest tune but also check Jah Me Call On from Lyricson and Devil`s Wine from Murray Man). Oupatebizwentousa is another tune that has that find ADDICTIVE sing-a-long quality to it and in this case you definitely need to pay attention to the lyrics on the track which proved to be quite a nice hit for Tiwony and Fly. Lastly, the album ends with another twist, Bas Les Pattes which is listed as bonus track for Fly. The tune is simply a HYPE dance floor filler. Mind you, it's a very GOOD hype dance floor filler and it would definitely get me up and moving (and it has) and you can listen right through it as well and just really be impressed by Tiwony's comfort here, when on the three songs immediately preceding it, the vibes were heavy on the one-drop. Truly a master of his vibes.Overall, just as I have been telling everyone for the last year or so, I'm now telling you: You fan of modern reggae and dancehall need to check Fly by Tiwony. My only SLIGHT complaints here: I think Fly could have used more tracks (ESPECIALLY Selassie I, Tiwony's cut over the Clean riddim from Blackat); and I think a female's voice might have added to the vibes greatly as well). As it is, this album, as I mentioned, is technically his debut, but it DEFINITELY doesn't sound like such and befits an artist having as much prior experience as Tiwony has had going into the album. We should be talking about Tiwony in the same circles as many of his Jamaican peers (and if he delivered in English for the most part, we would) for he, like many of them represent the very MODERN era of reggae and specifically roots reggae music. Artists like Tiwony simply didn't exist to the QUALITY level of which they do now in any other era of reggae music. The man is simply one of the most talented artists making reggae today, PERIOD. Fly is merely the foundation of his talents (REALLY check that Plis Dif&eacute; In Da Street Mix); not even his best. NOT EVEN HIS BEST and still it was one of the best reggae albums of 2007, without question.
This album is amazingly soothing and relaxing. I was hoping for more flute but the harp is soothing as well.
Interesting Japanese reinventing of 80's/90's pop rock 'n roll.  Shades of Lenny Kravitz but better -- more meaning to the songs.
All the songs are beautiful honestly I had to add this to my collection and maferefun to all, good buy and cheap price
One of the main changes a lot of elder Reggae heads site when comparing the current modern era of Reggae music to that of yesteryear are the consistently evident changes in the music itself. Besides the normal `changing of the times' ideology which, of course, is prevailing everywhere; we also see rather DISTINCT and wholesale changes in the way music is made, perform and ultimately presented to the masses. You have a current era now which has even topped it's rather bloody immediate predecessor in terms of violent and slack lyrics as, at times at least, it often seems who can buss a bigger gun and do so with the support of the most females as possible and while that has often been the case, especially in the Dancehall, gone is the once obviously joking manner in which they are delivered. Things have simply gotten serious. Another very apparent absence from the modern Reggae scene is the absence of JAMAICAN Reggae bands. Once, there were virtually fully self-serving Reggae bands with whom a producer could simply act as an engineer for while they write, play and sing their own music and on tour the same thing would go. That concept, at least for the most part, has been replaced by bands of a far different variety. Most of the deep Reggae heads at the moment will recognize names such as Ruff Cut, Firehouse, Prophecy and Shiloh as Reggae bands. However, while those groups will DEFINITELY encompass some of the finest studio and session musicians on the island, the reason (for the most part) why you know them is because they're associated with specific artists as they go on the road and tour (Ruff Cut - Beenie Man; Firehouse - Sizzla Kalonji; Prophecy - Capleton and of course Shiloh - Buju Banton). But rarely would you see a situation where a Beenie Man would enter the studio EXCLUSIVELY with members of his band, Ruff Cut to specifically record a tune (and I don't know that it has EVER happen), much less an album. Seemingly gone are the days of Jamaica consistent churning out acts like Bob Marley & The Wailers (although the Wailers, in whatever form they exist today, are still touring quite consistently), Black Uhuru (still touring I believe) and the likes (you also don't really see the SKILLED vocal groups like you used to `back in the day' but we now have LUST who is doing quite well apparently, even though it isn't necessarily my type of thing (because it isn't meant to be)) emanating from the island.At least that's true in Jamaica. A few hundred miles East in the Virgin Islands things are unsurprisingly quite different. At least in Reggae terms, the VI is often referred to as 1970s Jamaica and besides the actual old school styled musical vibes you'll find coming from the region, you'll also find BANDS like, Bambu Station, Reggae Bubblers, St John's based brothers Inner Visions and of course Midnite Band (and I feel compelled to mention Red I Band as well). Well now you definitely have to add to that list, the St. Croix based D.A.P.P. Band. With the name of the group being an abbreviation of it's members (Dion, Abijah, Patrick and Phil (aka Pixs)), DAPP is a group of former members of the famed Midnite Band who have now struck out on their own and have been doing so apparently quite successfully in the Virgin Islands as they have gotten a pretty fine reputation as of late. That reputation comes with the `quiet' assurance of SKILL in DAPP as what you really have is a VERY experienced group of people, particularly the lead singer/songwriter/arranger, Phil `Pixs' Merchant, who is about as respected musician (with the bass being his main instrument) as you'll find anywhere in VI Reggae, alongside names such as King of all trades, Tuff Lion. And just like his slightly more famous peer and neighbour Tuff Lion, Pixs has a quality of him which makes virtually ANYTHING he touches of serious note and something that definitely Reggae heads of the roots variety need pay attention to. Well, currently what you need to be paying attention to is the debut album of the DAPP Band (as far as I know), Shift The Energy. The album comes via the label Tan Tan Productions (which I have never heard of before and am only to assume that it is a label maintained by Pixs and Co., themselves) and has been on my players for the better part of a month, working with diligence to REALLY get into what has to be one of the DEEPEST, yet straight forward vibes on an album that I've come across in quite awhile (I do indeed qualify the vibes here with the phrase `straight forward' because given Vaughn Benjamin's (Midnite) proclivity of making DEEP vibes, that changes each and every time he releases an album, yet his music is DEFINITELY not anything I would refer to as `straight forward'). Shift The Energy serves as a very full and downright HEARTY introduction to Pixs and DAPP Band and I was really quite happy to see it jump up. As I mentioned, Pixs' name is one well known and respected for his musicianship talents, first and foremost, much like Tuff Lion. However, just as Tuff Lion did, now two years initially in branching out and not just holding onto his trusty guitar (of which he is King) and his producing role for so many of the top artists in the region but he placed himself in the booth to deliver his debut album, the wonderful Utterance (and subsequently the MASSIVE instrumental album Ten Strings from last year), now Pixs and his BAND step from behind the shadow into a showcasing spotlight which they prove themselves more than ready for, as is to be expected. Really and truly I'm liking the idea of those behind the scenes, especially as relatively youthful producers/musicians who have been at the game for so long and have done so much for it to reveal themselves to the masses. What the people will find on Shift The Energy from The DAPP Band is one of the most MATURE, DEEP and FOCUSED roots efforts we've seen in quite awhile.Just as was the case with  Tuff Lions two years ago, I was quite curious to hear what Pixs method of delivery would be throughout Shift The Energy, even before seeing where the album itself would go in terms of the vibes. I would say that he is actually quite similar to Tuff Lion, in terms of tone, he does, however, have a SLIGHTLY more free-flowing style (I.e. Pixs will actually stop singing and just start talking on a riddim at times). Getting things set in their ways on Shift The Energy is definitely one of the album's finest offerings altogether, the syrupy sweet Good Love. Good Love is a tune which just carries such a HEAVY vibes that I, initially had it set as the best tune here, period, but even if it may not reach those levels (and it STILL just may), it's certainly well powerful in it's rightful place. The song reminds all that EVERYTHING is facilitated to us by His Majesty, ESPECIALLY Love. Very nice beginning. In my opinion, however, that very nice opening is topped by a `very nicer' and nearly SPECTACULAR second track, First Look. This one has a SLIGHT bit of a story-telling type of vibes which kind of relates it to a far more relatable type of vibes and it WORKS! The song is just beautiful and were it not for two RIDICULOUS later pieces, First Look would definitely stand as Shift The Energy's absolute best. Completing the opening for the album is the rather `perplexing' Jah My Joy. First of all, should you get past that. . . ODD opening, the tune basically `overdevelops' into something which, at times, sounds like two different tunes playing. Trying to find the one in the middle does quickly become quite arduous, however, when things even out you can see the strength of Jah My Joy, its still a bit uneven and not the best you'll find here, but still quite a decent tune which may require several dozen spins to get accustomed to.As you go through the album there are two different (one tune have both qualities) concepts which stand out, at least on sight: The fact that there are four different official combinations and two ABSOLUTE MONSTER tracks which clock in over a whopping eight minutes. First the combinations: Dangerous finds Pixs and DAPP tapping longtime Batch prot&eacute;g&eacute; and apparent good friend (he's the only artist appearing twice on Shift The Energy alongside DAPP) of the band, the very talented Ahfyah. While we continue to wait for his own debut, he continues to provide us with quality material like this and his verse on the all-around solid Dangerous is its undoubted highlight. Communication finds Ahfyah chiming back in and this time bringing with him two members of St. Thomas' famed Star Lion Family, Raffijah and Jahgon (Nature). Communication is SPECIAL. The tune is kind of a social commentary which specifically deals with the relationship between man and woman and how a REAL man is to treat his woman. Definitely a wonderful message and I have to say  that although his friends are very solid, Pixs steals the show (although Jahgon comes very close in his WONDERFUL later verse). Big tune. Fellow DAPP member Ras Abijah comes forth later on the tune Livication although you'll barely notice his presence (perhaps it is more musically speaking and less vocally) for a tune which is very well done (love the whistling sound there). The final combination is also the second of two eight-minute plus tunes, as the very Dezarie sounding Setara Merchant (apparently either Pixs' wife or sister) joins in on the magnificent and highly spiritual He Is Exaulted. I was THIS close to calling it (again) the best tune here because it is simply THAT good. Definitely a HUGE praising tune for His Majesty and something not to be missed. The title of best tune on Shift The Energy is one I'm giving to the other eight-minute long monster, Honour. Honour seriously has enough vibes for about three different full tunes. At its core, at least to me, the tune speaks to the concept that, despite the fact that we are all human and go through so many things and are simply not perfect, that its wise to at least TRY to live positively and to do attempt to do so, with full honour. MASSIVE track. When things are `normal' on Shift The Energy, the vibes still remain quite high. My favourite amongst the rest is probably the very impressive title track. For whatever its worth, Pixs really shows off the seldom used range of his voice and does so in a way which would make the listener wish he would tap into that a bit more consistently actually. Shift The Energy is a very DEEP track (sounding lyrically like something out of Vaughn Benjamin's notebook) which I'm honestly still working on but Pixs really kind of harps on shifting from negativism and downright EVIL towards the strength found in His Majesty but he arrives to that point from such a winding road which you DEFINITELY have to pay close attention to or you just may miss it completely. The tune Ghetto Bird is another which caught my attentions after its downright dazzling beginning. The tune is a lover's tune (more like a soul mate's tune actually) which incorporates several different vibes. At times it sounds like an old school R&B; type of vocalists `doo-wop' type of song. I do have to confess, however, that it did grow on me after not too many spins. The big sounding Why Worry grew on me IMMEDIATELY, giving Shift The Energy something a bit more current (in terms of vibes, all of these tunes are fairly new to my knowledge). Pixs' style of delivery on this one is almost like a `rap' at times and I definitely love the changeup of the vibes. The message here, of course, is also high: As you can imagine, he encourages us not to worry because The Almighty shall provide for the TRULY righteous. Indeed. Shift The Energy reaches it's conclusion with another of it's real highlights, the WICKED Route Zero. Pixs declares `Route Zero' as the road to Zion which is where we all want to be and how on this road His Majesty shall shine a light so bright so that it will be IMPOSSIBLE for us to lose our way. The song just makes you feel good and I'm thinking it was a WONDERFUL way to end an album and big respect to whoever's idea it was to place it there.Overall, two things I have to mention here: First, oddly not included on the album is the SPECTACULAR tune Pixs has by the name of Forever. It would have easily been amongst the class (if not at the head of it) on Shift The Energy, but hopefully it can be included on a future DAPP project and track it down if you can definitely. Also, I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't mention that Phil Merchant (Pixs) has recently been involved in an unfortunate act of violence which has left him (STILL, to my knowledge) fighting for his life but we definitely wish him well with that a more than full recovery. However, back  to the album. Shift The Energy is essentially a cap to yet another year of relatively strong Reggae music coming from out of the Virgin Islands. Given the fact that, at least to my knowledge, Midnite released no full blown Midnite album in 2008 (with everything you see being called `Midnite' being called so ONLY because of the presence of Vaughn Benjamin singing for a whole heap of producers) and neither did Bambu Station, the region's two most well known bands, it was quite a lovely time for DAPP Band to step out as well and in Shift The Energy they have done that in grand fashion. Perhaps the album can `shift'  the attentions to yet another STRONG band coming from a place in the Virgin Islands which seems to not have gotten the memo that Reggae bands were gone. Thankfully.
You can find the lyrics to some or all of these songs here: [...]Pro's1. Authentic, traditional Latin American songs (not just songs translated from English)2. Sung by a native speaker3. Sung slower than other Spanish CD's I've heard which makes learning easierCon's1. All the music sounds the same, guitar playing and a man's voice (from what I have heard so far- have not listened all the way through yet).I also recommend1. "Hands On Spanish" http://www.amazon.com/Hands-Spanish-Together/dp/B003N7GB28/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS?ie=UTF8&coliid;=I2NH4IU0WWI0PZ&colid;=34F9OGLA4E3OT2. "Songs in Spanish for Children" http://www.amazon.com/Songs-Spanish-Children-Various-Artists/dp/B00005CEP6/ref=sr_1_1?s=music&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1334512124&sr;=1-1The above recommendations do not have the same pro's and con's as this item, but are worth the buy in my opinion, to help kids learn the Spanish language and some traditional Spanish children's songs.
Fortunately, due to the rather majestic and explosive nature of the vibes and the performances, unlike many musical genres, Soca tends to be one in which women, at least in theory, can compete equally, if not even on better levels, with their male counterparts. As opposed to the `machismo' and downright sexism which seems to permeate its closest sibling, dancehall and even within roots reggae where the ideology at least appears to be one which is entrenched far more in tradition than in sexism, in soca, very little, if anything similar to that exists at all. As I'm learning more and more, I would definitely relate that more to Soca's other `cousin' Zouk, where, even more so than in Soca, the two sexes appear to be vibing on even terms (of course it doesn't hurt that in Zouk, women inherently sound SO MUCH better than men, ALL THE TIME) with some of the biggest names of that genre being of the fairer sex, just as in Soca. In Soca, specifically, women just appear to carry a bigger vibes at times than the men, who often times, even at the highest level, seem to get even MORE caught up in the aggressive side (like dancehall) and seem to forget that the point is to have FUN! My own very personal favourite Soca artist altogether in the world is the diminutive DYNAMO whom is Trini Destra Garcia who nearly single-handedly fostered my initial love and interest of Soca music and has definitely remained her status in my eyes, dropping absolute GEMS of tunes each and every Carnival Season. Of course, there are dozens and dozens of top notch female Soca artists in Trinidad alone, alongside Destra, headed by names such as the incomparable `Saucy Wow', Denise Belfon, the BRILLIANT Nadia Batson (also quickly becoming a favourite of mine), female lyrics machine Ms. Alysha, future superstar (if not already) Patrice Roberts and, of course, the lady of the moment, Queen without a crown , Fay-Ann Lyons, with many stepping up. But you could literally go around the region and at every major or minor stop find artists like - former road march winner Nicole David from out of St. Lucia; of course future superstars Zola and reigning Ragga Soca Monarch Dani-O from St. Vincy; reigning road march queen the previously unknown (at least to me) Miney and the WONDERFUL Nnika Francis from Grenada; even Jadine from Montserrat and you really don't need me to get into what's going on with Alison Hinds and company in Barbados, the subject could exist there and there alone and still be very detailed with the amount of impressive Bajan female soca talent these days. Truly, the women of Soca are not taking over, they have already TAKEN over (and keep an eye on Shakki from out of St. Kitts as well).And perhaps nowhere does there exists an easier example of this than what has been occurring each and every season in Antigua for the last couple of years where unarguably their two most identifiable faces in Soca have been females. First, of course, another of my favourites is Tizzy, lead singer of the band El-A-Kru whose BIG style and very appealing delivery (and LOOK) had made her probably the most well known international Soca artist from out of little Antigua. While Tizzy definitely continues to make her name spread outward, THE dominate female name actually on the island is and has been for quite awhile, that of young veteran Claudette `CP' Peters who has scored and continues to score MAJOR hits in Antigua previously with the very respected outfit, Da Bhann and nowadays you can catch her each and every year performing with the very well regarded Taxik band. Taxik is actually one of the younger well respected bands, to my knowledge they've only been together less than five years or so, but in that short time have definitely made their presence well known and never before the presence of CP, really for what Soca is, she could be called a Star and definitely she is. CP's style is just a bit different from most of her fast -talking peers as well which also helps to set her apart. Like Tizzy (but even more so) Peters can REALLY SING, she has a very nice and POWERFUL voice which could easily see her being a top rated Caribbean gospel singer if she had chosen (to my knowledge, she started singing in the church). She also has the `hardware' to prove her successes as she has won multiple titles/championships in her native Antigua (including, I THINK, four times and reigning Power Monarch AND two time and reigning Groovy Monarch), making her one of the most decorated Soca artists, period, female or male. In Taxik, she joins a very nice set of musicians and is the most popular and highly regarded of (I THINK) three official current lead vocalists, joining the well decorated in his own right Sleepy and Jamaican transplant singer, Kenny Blessin. Taxik, now brings what is their third album to date, by my count (following Bizniz Unusual in 2005 and 2006`s De Udda Side (the better of the two previous), the very impressive Method To The Madness featuring the majority of the group's hits from the 2008 season and just generally big vibes throughout. Much like their counterparts in El-A-Kru (although they didn't go as far as EAK did in lining up a deal) and many of the genre's top (and not so top) acts are FINALLY doing in making their music available worldwide, not only to Caribbean people and to be perfectly honest, a great deal of these projects are quite hard to find (easy to order) on an island here other than the particular artist(s) in question own homeland. I've been so inundated with WONDERFUL and SPARKLING Soca music in 2008 that I think I'm almost jaded as to what can REALLY manage to get my attentions these days. However, Claudette Peters is the type of downright moving artist that I think could get to the most hardened and SPOILED of soca heads, whether you like her or not. Her presence in Taxik's lineup, much like Tizzy's in El-A-Kru (where she now remains the only vocalist on their current roster), just seems to make the vibes so much better. Although, she does have a nice bit of help from her two partners in Method To The Madness, making it a highly enjoyable album ultimately.Method To The Madness is released by Taxik themselves (as were their previous releases I believe) and, much like St. Vincy artist Bomani last year, with his album Wet, they've gone international as I mentioned. The album wonderfully features a healthy mix of the vocalists taking a nice number of tracks on  their own, with, of course, Claudette Peters leading the show. She LITERALLY leads the show also as she dusts off her gospel chops and delivers MttM's very nice opener, As Long As I Have, a straight gospel track. Much like Destra and Nadia Batson she also includes the gospel tune just to kick things in gear at the beginning. My ears don't really adapt to gospel too well, but to her voice, they do. It is ASBOLUTELY spectacular and the entire Soca loving world owes a big "I'm sorry" to the gospel heads for `stealing' what could have been such a powerful voice for them (and may still prove to be at some point). Her voice is wonderful! After essentially saying grace, the bacchanal begins with CP herself again chiming in with one her big hits from this past season, the VIBRANT Mardi Gras which was probably her most spun tune (at least in St. Maarten) and took third place in Antigua's roadmarch. Mardi Gras is simply AMAZING, love the big hype and the vibes all the way through. Excellent way to open things and easily one of the album's finest. Completing the opening of MttM is our first dash of  Sleepy as he brings forth his somewhat comical and frustratingly addictive Country Boy. It's a Soca-Square dance and you can probably imagine EXACTLY how the tune sounds (just like I did beforehand). After the album is over you certainly won't rate Country Boy as one of it's best, but you'll probably STILL be singing it. All in all, a pretty nice opening.I full on KNEW what would be the class of this album as I had been enjoying both of the tunes for the better part of the second half of 2008. Both of the songs, Jumping Away and Bring It On, sang by CP, were HUGE hits for her and the latter actually won her Power Soca Monarch this year (although Jumping Away s technically the lead single for this album). Which is better? I'm almost obligated to say Jumping Away, because it is so wonderfully complexly produced, almost sounding like two tunes in one. BUT, Bring It On grabs you and simply refuses to let you go AT ALL! Thus, Method To The Madness reaches its peak at Bring It On, but it gives you notice well into Jumping Away. I'll also mention from CP briefly to check the very nice Carnival Day, which won her Groovy Monarch this year (there have been four Soca monarch titles in the past two years in Antigua and CP has won them ALL). Its almost difficult to tell the difference, save for the riddim, given her vocal strength, but Carnival Day has a very lovely old school calypso type of vibes to it, which really struck a chord in many people, your's truly definitely included. Did I mention that there were other singers for Taxik besides CP though? Young Kenne Blessin makes his maiden voyage on MttM with what is, to my ears, his best effort, We'll Be. The tune is BEAUTIFUL, having elements of both power and groovy Soca which is a type I love! And I'm expecting big things from the Kingston native (Jamaica can sing Soca!) in the future. Also check Blessin's very nice and complex (listen to EVERYTHING happening in that riddim) Wrapped In My Arms, definitely one for the ladies and the couples as well with a pop type of feel to it, not my type of thing really, but again, I can imagine A LOT of people really liking the vibes on the tune. What IS my type of thing is Sleepy's finest effort on MttM the super hype Everybody Crazy. Sounding like something from out of Jabae's catalogue, Everybody Crazy sheds a bit of light onto an artist who, himself, is actually a MULTIPLE times Antigua Soca Monarch and having won all of his crowns (I THINK) after the turn of the century, so definitely not far removed from his prime and more efforts like Everybody Crazy, which is INSANE, and maybe his bandmate may have some competition right under her nose. Also check Sleepy's very strong and old school tinged Rock De Boat which has another big sounding vibes, but from yesteryear, in this case. And I'd be just flat out WRONG if I didn't mention CP's BIG Still In Love. The tune definitely isn't amongst my favourites here (although I do LOVE that swinging vibes on the riddim), but more than any of the others here, I think it could be a big crossover type of thing for her if it were ever given the proper push (and it won't). As Method To The Madness winds down, some of the REAL madness really rolls out. The tune Dis Is Jouvert Morn, while it isn't the strongest tune (although it definitely isn't bad) features Sleepy, CP and Kenne all together on the same (VERY standard) track. To my ears, it comes off as a bit of a freestyle with the artists just singing pretty much whatever comes to mind. I would say that Kenne Blessin probably does the best of the three, but no one is really keeping track as its just a fun time on the tune. Blessin and Sleepy do a combination on the very familiar sounding Wickedest Wine, which is, again, not the best tune here, but I really just appreciate the switching up the vibes and adding bits and pieces there, especially in an album form and REALLY Wickedest Wine is the type of tune that takes a minute to grow on you, so I may STILL grow to more like it really. And ending Method To The Madness is the same one who opened it as  CP runs back in with two tunes. The first, Best Friend, a tune with more of a tangible message than the rest, one which tells you to be careful around those who claim to be your 'best friend'. The tune really serves as a wonderful platform for CP's voice (again) which does so many different things in the song and almost gets to a point where it becomes downright overbearing without becoming BORING at any point. Very interesting, to say the least. Ending things is another slow piece, this one even better than the opener as CP relicks the Jumping Away tune (remember I said it was like two tunes in one, it was, LITERALLY) in a very slow ballad style remixed version. You could argue (I'm not though) that the remix is every bit as strong as the original and I wouldn't put up a great fight against the notion. What it does go to show is, just as her titles would suggest, Claudette Peters is just a really ODDLY equipped artist, having dimensions in her style and VOICE which allow her to do so many different things. Her peers in that are very limited and, from the top of my head I would say that only Trinis Shurwayne Winchester and Patrice Roberts and, of course, Alison Hinds have that type of range in their skills allowing them to do just about ANYTHING at the highest level of soca (with Fay-Ann and Destra being in there as well perhaps). Truly something special in CP and a truly special way to end Method To The Madness indeed.Overall, big respect has to go to Antigua for having a breakout on the international side. Besides having some of the biggest tunes of the year altogether, fans all over the world are able to buy albums from the likes of young upstart and potential superstar Fucha Kid (Start It), of course El-A-Kru (Rocket Launcher), the Red Hot Flames (Scyahttah, the title track of which took Antigua roadmarch this year) and now Claudette Peters and Taxik's very nice Method To The Madness as well. As the music really gets more and more international exposure, I REALLY think it's the female artists that are going to be more and more in demand (because they aren't as hard on the eyes either as the guys, to be honest) and definitely Claudette will be amongst the MOST in demand. She has taken what she has in her voice and all around personality and created what is certainly one of the most interesting sounds and ACCOMPLISHED r&eacute;sum&eacute;s in Soca altogether these days. And here, together with Taxik (with whom I hope she stays) they have created yet another album winner from 2008 Soca, one of the strongest years musically in recent memory and one which will look almost PERFECT in the catalogue of any Soca fan. Very well done.
I will make this simple, if you want good party music for your next Cinco De Mayo OR to enjoy with a "cerveza fria" [cold beer]....Also, for your "Tios" [uncles] when they come to town & are drinkers and like to hang out....Go with:1- Borrachito3- Alegre Y Mujeriego7- Mil Botellas10- El Parrandero11- Que Suene La Banda12- La CruditaTip: If you are looking for more good party tunes, a.k.a drinking music, and wanna start "barking @ the moon" try these!"El Wiri Wiri aka El Guiri Guiri" & "Del Norte A Michoacan" by Los Canarios De Michoacan;"Loqueando En Michoacan" & "La Troca Perron" by La Ley De Michoacan"La Sorpresa Del Katch" & "Viva Mi Lindo Michoacan" by Banda Guasavena De Valentin Elizalde"Dos De La Manana" by La Dinastia De Tuzantla (Michoacan)
Pancho is right there at you with the raw emotion and his tee-totally excellent band!
Wow!!! I'm very impressed w/this debut of a great guitar player in Pedro Frugone...It was little different to get used to his voice @ 1st..Having played w/La ley and the great voice of Beto Cuevas; however, Pedro comes into his own in this debut..My favorite tracks have to be; Fraude, Jamas and Desvanecer..Give it a few listens...It will grow on you no doubt in my mind!
This is not a bad little MP3 of music, I like all kinds of music and brought this to see if it was any good and I was very please with this MP3 even some of songs are sung in american. Very enjoy music.
Listen to the 30 second clip before you buy.  They're all here but not under the correct title.
If you wanted a glimpse into current state of European dub techno, you could do a lot worse than the Armour EP, the first proper release from Glasgow-based producer Wireman (real name Andrew Langfield). Wireman has already received praise from prodigious disco revivalist Trus'me and dubstep mover-and-shaker Mary Ann Hobbs--who recently featured the release on her Radio 1 program--and has Move D and Sascha Dive on his remix calendar. Though he works within a fairly strict set of boundaries, the diversity of his admirers reflects the notion that the Armour EP is a solid little record no matter how it's sliced, with a grasp of the qualities that have made this class of electronic music more than just a niche market.The featured attraction is the 7-and--minute title track, which crosses a Claro Intelecto style of measured tech-house with the granular purple murk of Quantec and A Made Up Sound. A prominent industrial rhythm keeps time through several movements of clanging, echoing metal, creating an environment both hard-edged and sensuously spacious. The three shorter works that follow are nearly as good; "Forge" recalls the dark, desolate ambient of Burial's "Endorphin" from Untrue, "Axiom" deals in the sort of brackish dubstep that DJ Distance has trademarked for himself, and "Perspex" brings back the sound of a melodic Autechre at their most stubbornly unsexy. It's all derivative, of course, and it could take Langfield a few more tries before he finds his own voice among his influences. But the atmosphere is appealing and the production is quality, and if nothing else, the Armour EP should give us something satisfying to chew on when we've run our 3024-minted techno singles into the ground.
One of the best rhythms I have heard in a long time. Summit Music Group this is excellent. I will surely purchase your next project Croakin' Lizard riddim.The stand out songs are:Me want you - Assailant feat Jason BrownThat simply mean - SpiceNaw Fall - Wayne Marshall feat. Kalico
This is a very difficult band to rate and review, as is the album. To the comment of the album being minimal in comparison to the live performance, I believe you can never truly rate one based on the other. They are two very different things with two very different motives. A live performance is a heart to heart, direct; but an album is always going to be distant to a degree, and will always be different from the heart to heart. To me, an album is a preview; it drives you to meet and see the creation as it is meant to be, performed (in most cases). The album is very good, a little rough to listen to sometimes, but all around completely worth it. I WANT to see the show, the album drove me to WANT to go see this band. I missed their show in San Francisco, and it honestly aggravated me so much that I felt like I needed to go see another band I loved just to balance it out. Listen to this CD, listen to "The Snake" which will be out soon, and go see this band share their gift.
Mucha gente dice que si la salsa y la timba todo es son.  Aqui en este disco ensen~an como hubiese sonado la timba si realmente hubiese sido evolucionada de soneros, en vez del Jazz de Irakere y el Songo de Los Van Van.  Tiene una combinacion de artistas soneros como Cristina Azcuy y timberos primariamente de la orquesta "Pupy y los que son son".El tempo es timbero, y parecido al de "Los que son son".  Pero hay diferencias, particularmente en el cambio del segundo teclado por el tres.  Pero este tres es furioso, tan furioso como toca Cesar Pedroso su piano.Este lo tuve que escuchar varias veces para apreciarlo, por lo potente que tiende a ser el sonido de Cesar Pedroso.  Tira la casa por la ventana.  Me hubiese gustado mas si quizas fuese un poco mas calmado, o si al menos hubiese tenido un par de canciones suaves.  O sea, todas las canciones individualmente son buenas, pero es dificil escucharlas corridas porque son tan fuertes todas.
'Inui 4' is (obviously) Acid Mothers Temple's main player Kawabata Makoto's fourth solo CD in a series of his work he'd done for the VHF label several years back. Here, you get just one track - the title cut "Ryo" clocking in at 67:51. Only downside of a CD as such with a single tune is that (all too often) they are a bit tough to do a proper review of. What I can tell you in that the lengthy "Ryo" does start out a bit slow + the fact that in the song's final twenty minutes, it very much resembles some really nice glissando guitar in the vein of what Gong mastermind Daevid Allen would probably bring into the works.
Good background music for a middle eastern style restaurant, or even for that special visit from the belly dancing academy.  Unfortunately it makes for a big appetite and a big bill later.
I owned this album in my college years in the mid 70's, after watching Urbaniak's band open up for Return to Forever. They were striking in concert, since the electric violin was still a novelty and singer-wife Ursula Dudziak was so unique. Their first American album Fusion was quite good, and the songs had a deeper impact a la Weather Report. This album by contrast was more star-studded and attention-grabbing with the rapid solos and the RTF style interplay. There were some unique sound tapestries like in Metro Liner and China Town - Urbaniank had fallen in love with New York and the area, and it shows in the titles too.Ultimately Fusion III began to sound a little too busy, and I moved on to jazz and fusion that achieved less rushed, and more fulfilling sounds.
I like the difference of genre and tones in the music and it is enlightening to me and that made me love it even more
Sometimes thankfully, and sometimes not so much, Reggae artists and producers and particularly Jamaican Reggae artists and producers have always had an ear towards remaking old school songs and riddims. Of course, you could definitely make the case that this is so in pretty much all musical forms, but, again thankfully, in the case of Reggae, such acts are generally seen as basic respects to the artists and producers of yesteryear and such situations are RARELY accompanied by any of the necessary paperwork which you might find to be the case overseas. As our music is still pretty well underground, you'll also find artists singing international tunes or using internationally born backing compositions for their songs and be almost virtually assured that the originator of such tunes or compositions have never and WILL never hear the Reggae remakes. Of course, the most prominent case of this would be the CLASSIC Reggae/Dancehall singer Sanchez, who has made nearly a legend out of himself through singing tunes internationally penned and produced (and doing so almost always better than the originator themselves) and while I wouldn't necessarily be surprised that Sanchez has taken some roads towards getting permission for his music, I'm almost certain that he hasn't done so EVERY TIME he's remade a tune. And, while I typically say that there's no problem, just recently we've seen situations (working both ways) in which it was. Legendary Dancehall producer Dave Kelly recently filed a lawsuit locally with producer TJ because he felt that the up and coming producers MASSIVE Unfinished Business riddim (my choice of best Dancehall riddim of 2008) was eerily (I.e. `TOO') similar to Kelly's now equally legendary Showtime riddim from the late 1990's. Also, just a few years ago poetic Dancehall lyricist reportedly filed lawsuit against US Hip-Hop star Lil Kim for apparently pirating some of her lyrics for a tune which appeared on the rapper's Naked Truth album from 2006 (I THINK). While, as far as I know, those two cases remain unsolved, an even more popular move which was recently averted was the international releasing of the hit local tune, Ramping Shop was remade (worst) from its original which featured the same backing as the very popular international tune Ms. Independent from R&B; artist Ne-yo. So, yes, sometimes it does get to an official international level like such but USUALLY, its almost a matter of `what happens in Reggae, stays in Reggae'. Such a concept might very well explain why a few years back the growing trend had developed into releasing refashioned riddims with new artists on them. To me, it was some good and some not so good but apparently (at least to my ears) the trend may have continued.the most popular of the remade riddims from a few years back would probably have been the Throwback Giggy from (now defunct) very popular production/artist duo Lefside & Esco. The riddim was a remake of the original Giggy riddim from Steely & Clevie, one of the most popular riddims of the early 1990's and it spawned several big hits of its own did the remake, most notably the hilarious Tuck In Yuh Belly from Lefside & Esco themselves and Hot Like That from Dancehall diva Ce'cile. Sometimes things can go like that or sometimes can be a bit more subtle, which is the case we find ourselves today in with the downright ENCHANTING Nylon riddim. The Nylon riddim album is now released by Greensleeves as the initial piece in their spanking new (and looooooooong overdue) Greensleeves One-Drop Rhythm album series. Produced by Shane Brown, the album is also released simultaneously with the Silent River riddim album (#89 in the label's long running Rhythm Album Series), as Brown is a signed Greensleeves producer, he, as you can expect, has pretty much `the lay of the land' at Greensleeves (and through their parent company VP Records, of course). Now, if you're like me at all, or even if you listen to about a half of the amount of Reggae and Dancehall music that I do, chances are that you quite regularly find yourself saying something to the effect of, "I've heard this riddim before, I just CAN'T remember from where!", which can be a truly frustrating occurrence. I faced a similar situation going into the Nylon riddim when I heard it back last year sometime but thankfully I figured it out (not figuring it out would have lead to serious obsession, I can't help it, I just have to know!). Maybe it's just me but a riddim from a few years back by the name of the Cry Baby, produced by the excellent Christopher Birch (also released by VP, as an installment of their own Riddim Driven series when the two labels were still separate). If that riddim wasn't the `parent' or the inspiration for the Nylon then this, quite honestly, has to be one of the biggest coincidences in the history of modern Reggae music (also its worth mentioning that Brown and Birch used to work together and Birch even built the Klymaxx riddim for Jukeboxx)! It just so happens that the Cry Baby riddim is definitely one of my favourite roots riddims from the last few years. Although underappreciated in my opinion was the Cry Baby, as the riddim (which literally sounded like it was CRYING at times) didn't spawn but two relatively decent sized hits, the thing was just SPARKLING! Birch's name is amongst the most respected on the scene today as he typically is the lead producer/engineer behind the famed Big Yard label (Shaggy) and he also does things on his own, things like the Cry Baby. However, now standing on its own merits, the Nylon riddim from Shane Brown's Jukeboxx productions features a very nice mix of talents typically associated with the Dancehall side of things and some of the finest (YOUNG) roots talents in the game today as well. Strictly looking at the roster on paper, I was quite surprised and equally quite delighted with the names coming through to voice the Nylon. Incidentally, the two aforementioned hitmakers from the Cry Baby are also back (one of whom goes in a similar direction and, just as he did on the Cry Baby, reigns supreme here) as the Nylon riddim proves to be more than a mere carbon copy.For whatever its worth, the although the Nylon riddim album does get the label `#01' as the first in Greensleeves' One-Drop Rhythm album series, it isn't the first one the traditionally Dancehall heavy label has released. They previously albums for the Triumphant and the 83 riddims, respectively (incidentally both riddims were produced by Kemar `Flava' McGregor's No Doubt Productions, probably the best PURE roots label in Jamaica currently and if they intend to maintain this series you can expect more work from McGregor in the future definitely). The most obvious choice to voice the Nylon gets things going on its album in terms of tracks, as Busy Signal, an official Jukeboxx artist, steps forth his WICKED tune Trading Places. Unlike on the Silent River (and probably most of Brown's other pieces from here forward) Busy only has one effort in the Nylon riddim but he makes the most of it delivering the poignant tune which cleverly asks what might happen if classism didn't exist in Jamaica and the `haves' could experience what the `have-nots' have to go through everyday. He brilliantly goes into local politicians and even other artists, "What if Sizzla was the commissionah, police couldn't arrest we for a spliff!". HUGE tune and if you want to call it the riddim's best, I'm not arguing. Madness! The first of a few unexpected faces jumps in next as Tarrus Riley delivers what has become probably the most popular tune from the riddim, Start A New. There's a very POWERFUL video for this tune as well which the future superstar pens as an anti-domestic violence tune aimed at the women to show some self-esteem and self-love should you find yourself in such a situation (line of the tune and probably of the riddim: Tarrus says, "He`ll never get to Zion if he breaks your heart!"). DEFINITELY! Even more crucial than the opening tune actually! Completing the opening of the Nylon riddim album is the less surprising Richie Spice who definitely maintains the high vibes with his lover's tune Serious Woman. When Richie Spice sings such a tune, most times it's a hit and although Serious Woman didn't quite (at least not yet) reach those levels) it's VERY good and definitely one for the couples.There are two solo artists on the Nylon who also appeared on the Cry Baby and two artists now going solo who appeared on the Cry Baby  in  their typical group. First the newly solo artists: Morgan Heritage has been pursuing solo options for a few months now with some nice vibes coming from the collective and Peter Morgan checks in on the Nylon with his very nice In Love With Ya, one of the best lover's  tune on the Nylon. Peter,(the lead singer of MH, the one with the white patch in his hairfront) also announced late 2008 that he too would be joining Jukeboxx as an official artist so definitely expect to see more of him on Brown's riddims (there was also a MH/Busy Signal combination last year as well). Also now seeking solo options (at least for the moment) is big voiced Bay-C from TOK who joins the always fun Kris Kelly for the Nylon's only official combination on You Promised. Kelly actually steals the show from Bay-C just a bit, but the combination between her impressive peaking vocals and his baritone slow DJ style is wicked! I know I've heard this tune somewhere before though, regardless, big tune still definitely. The two once and still solo artists from the Cry Baby on the Nylon riddim also do fairly good. Sizzla's Thanks & Praise was definitely one of the best pieces from the Cry Baby and his Chillin In Chile holds a similar spot here. When I first heard this one I described it as AWKWARD but it has definitely grown on me since (I might add that in almost all situations concerning Sizzla's music, I'm partial, he's my favourite, so you might not like it), albeit it is still quite awkward. Not awkward at all is Assassin's Only God Knows which, to my ears at least, is the master class of the Nylon riddim just as his MAMMOTH God Nah Sleep was on the Cry Baby. `Sassin was made for such a tune alongside the typical Dancehall efforts as he pushes a style which comes off as almost like he's just having a conversation with someone or maybe even preaching, which, lyrically speaking, is ON POINT with each and every syllable. Assassin shows that he is STILL getting better. Of the balance of the names here, of course I was most excited to seeing the two female solo acts representing, Etana and Queen Ifrica. Etana's effort, Loose Talking (aka Chatty Mouth), is proving to be a nice hit also and she brings a more aggressive style than we're used to hearing from August Town's second most popular resident, VERY impressive. Queen Ifrica can't seem to do wrong these days and her tune on the Nylon, Dem Nah Learn, DEFINITELY isn't wrong. The tune does, however, attempt to speak to those doing WRONG and does just that to a SCATHING degree. You can well look forward to hearing Dem Nah Learn on Ifrica's next album which is expected on VP Records the first half of 2009 (definitely one of my most anticipated albums of the year). Another official Jukeboxx artist, Demarco, also unsurprisingly checks in on the Nylon with another lover's piece, If I Could which is, as is his norm, an impressive track. Go listen the tune Duppy Know Who Fi Frighten then comeback and spin If I Could and recognize the same youth make both songs. Demarco has a LIMITLESS future in front of him. I'll also mention briefly the controversial Konshens (who as a new free agent may be wise to check if he can sign to Jukeboxx as well) who comes with another lover's tune, Looking For Me, which is currently growing on me in a major way. Winding things down you get two more unlikely artists. Chuck Fenda comes with Getting Serious which certainly isn't his best tune but anytime Fenda voices a riddim he can only add. And the same could be said for Queen Ifrica's mentor the nearly legendary (few more years and he probably gets full honours) Tony Rebel who is getting more and more active these days recording. His tune here Good Times, end things for the Nylon riddim album on a very high note with a social commentary. This tune is just speaking for the ghetto people who aren't liking the current outlook of life and long for the `good times' as the Rebel wonderfully mentions, "When last you go river go swim? When last you get some of yuh Grannie cookin?". BIG way to end things with one of the riddim's best tunes, period.Overall, definitely recommending the Nylon riddim album to just about all fans of modern Reggae, particularly those with a preference for the roots spectrum of vibes. Although this one is quite similar to the Cry Baby riddim as I mentioned (the difference, to me, being the `nylon': Where the Cry Baby `cries' with what sounds like a piano key, the Nylon `sings' with what sounds like a violin string), the Nylon definitely stands on its own merits, not only in sound but from some WONDERFUL performances from some of Reggae's current crop of hitmakers. I LOVE the artists chosen to voice it and simply sitting here thinking off the top of my head, I can't really think of too many artist absent from it's roster who would have sounded PERFECT for the Nylon riddim (the biggest one I can come up with is probably Alaine). And with names like Tarrus Riley and Queen Ifrica set to do big things in 2009 you can probably expect to hear quite a bit of it as well. One of the best riddims from 2008 and the very early choice as Reggae riddim album of the year. So maybe I'm just retarded, I STILL think it sounds a lot like the Cry Baby, but credit here goes to one Simone Fletcher for the construct, regardless. Big riddim still, go get it.
I enjoy a variety of music and this cd fits my needs. Wonderful sounds, pleasant sounds with rhythms from Cuba.
It's not a bad CD, and the band certainly sounds good, there's just nothing here that grabs me the way "Murder in the Jar" did on "This Light."  If you enjoy Celtic rock, I'd certainly recommend this.
I know a lot of these songs. I've been to some of the areas. I.e. Dublin, Athenry and Mayo etc. This album stirs the heart with memories. While some artists and renditions aren't exactly my favorites, purely "Rebel" offerings of this quantity are hard to find at the price.
I didn't realize that this was an album that was recorded live when I bought it, but it's good stuff.  These guys had lots of energy.
Es muy buena producci&oacute;n musical especialmente para personas o iglesias biling&uuml;es Espa&ntilde;ol-Ingles o cualquiera que quiera aprender a cantar en los dos idiomas, ya que tambi&eacute;n est&aacute; disponible la versi&oacute;n en Ingles del album.
(4.5stars)For me, one of the most fascinating things about my general music listening experience these days is the fact that despite how much Reggae music I listen to, I still find moments when I am surprised, in a good way, by the quality of certain artists and certain vibes. I get new things in from new artists virtually every other day at this point and, likewise, it is virtually every other day when I find myself surprised, no matter to how large or small of a degree, there are TRULY some unknown, yet DIVINE practitioners of the greatest music in the world. As of lately, I've been wrapping my very impressed and surprised ears around the debut album from Teflon, Motherless Child, which is definitely a surprise and impressive although not in the `usual' sense (that is if usual exists in the context of a surprise). Teflon is a WELL TALENTED artist, however he impresses on his debut album while being held at half of his powers as only the roots side of the young Dancehall/Roots Reggae hybrid is showcased, but he pulls it off like an artist of twice his years. Also, joining Teflon is a new release from veteran crazy voiced singer Michael Fabulous, Never Give Up. Although not reaching up to those standards set by Teflon, I was just SHOCKED that I could listen through full on nineteen tracks worth of that voice and not tire of it (of course this is helped by the fact that Fabulous enlists the likes of Louie Culture, Queen Ifrica and even Capleton to join him through the balance of the album. I would also add Pixs (get well soon) and DAPP Band's album Shift The Energy, which is still catching my attention after around a month or so. There are also surprising holdovers from 2008 which I still find myself going back to last year in the form of King Cephas, whose debut album, Coming Of The King, ranked amongst the album's strongest releases altogether in  the year to my opinion and I'm DEFINITELY holding on to see what the King offers in the future. Even more significant to my tastes in 2008 was Back To Africa, the sophomore effort from Cruzan based Dominican singer Harry Mo. That album was LARGE and I still spin it at least once a week. Back To Africa was the very definition of IMPRESSIVE in 2008 for me as an album which, although I was already pretty sure I'd enjoy it, I didn't think it would rank as highly as it ended up doing! I don't think anyone did. So, my question would be for this year is: Who is going to be 2009's Harry Mo and King Cephas???Well, given that I have FAR more experience with the most likely candidates so far, the aforementioned Teflon and Michael Fabulous, as well as recent entrants such as Daweh Congo and especially the legendary Linval Thompson (BIG BIG album, Ghetto Living). I would, instead, look to an artist almost COMPLETELY out of the box, someone who just snuck up on me and dropped a downright BRILLIANT project. Enter King Hopeton. Having seen the cover for this album so many times and ignoring it at each and every passing, I finally decided to stop by and have a much closer look. WOW! I discovered that King Hopeton and I not only shared a common interest in Reggae music (DUH), but I had in fact come across the artist not too long ago in one of the most POWERFUL set of circumstances AND we also had a bit of origin in common as well. Thus, IMMEDIATELY throw the name King Hopeton as the latest breakout from the greatest place on the planet, St. Ann, Jamaica (BIGGUP ALL ST. ANN MASSIVE!), just like yours truly. King Hopeton had also produced the lion's share of one of the STRONGEST and most POWERFUL album releases of the past ten years or so, Little Hero's (another big artist from out of St. Ann) MASSIVE Revelation, which has been, oddly enough (odd because I wouldn't have thought, definitely not odd because of its quality), RULING the Reggae charts in the western part of the world (which means King Hopeton suddenly has a bit deeper pockets doesn't he!). Hopeton is an accomplished musician as well, having earned his name originally as a musician (playing almost anything you could need) and subsequently, NOW, an artist. After pushing Revelation out of the door, King Hopeton and his label, DoubleLion, apparently turned their focus to his own (at least to my knowledge) debut album release, the LARGE shot, King Of Kings. For all of the modern roots heads out there and probably most of the old ones as well, trust me when I  tell you that AS SOON as you drop this one into your players and press play, you'll know, just as I did, IMMEDIATELY, that you're dealing with a real winner of a piece. King Of Kings is an album which is just all around SO well done and, although I'm quite sure it won't receive the levels of attention which you know it deserves (but, who knows, I did say the same thing about Revelation, I'm sure), I'd love to see this album get the opportunity to do a bit of damage on its own and should it receive such an opportunity, I'm sure it will do just that. Having opened the door for himself with his outstanding work on Revelation (that's just lately, his own other catalogue as a producer aligns him with some of the most powerful voices in all of Jamaican Reggae besides Hero), King Of Kings literally SHOVES him through the opening now as King Hopeton makes a case for himself to be taken seriously outside of just his work on instrument and behind the production boards. As with any 'new' (or not so new in this case) artist, I often look for somewhat similar tangents  through which to compare their style. In King Hopeton's case, it's a bit difficult, overall, however, I would say that he does have just a TOUCH of the odd voiced Nasio Fontaine (biggup St. Maarten) in his style and even more so, King Hopeton has a more of `soulful' type of quality as well, although he does retain more of that `earthy' quality, most often associated with Reggae music. As a writer, I'd liken him more to a straight forward version of Luciano. What a powerful combination that is, which works absolute WONDERS on King Of Kings.The familiarities continue. Besides being from where I'm from, producing one of my favourite albums from one of my favourite artists, not only did I figure out that King Hopeton and Double Lion (who gives us King Of Kings) have also worked with Jah Smood (another wicked artist that I have been quite high on for awhile) on his WICKED tune Freedom Streets AND, I had actually heard a few tunes from this album which I didn't necessarily associate with King Hopeton. Getting things started on King Hopeton's debut album King Of Kings is a tune which, although I haven't heard before, DEFINITELY sounds VERY familiar to my ears, the SUBLIME Can You See The Light. I don't know the name of the riddim, but this tune flows over the very same one you'll know from Hero's MAMMOTH tune Praise God. That same acoustic guitar driven vibe is on board for this wonderful tune which is so very inspirational and although I'll definitely remained favouring the tune Praise God between the two, King Hopeton's go at his own riddim is awesome as well. Big beginning with one of the album's finest. Another familiar sounding tune (although I don't know why in  this case) chimes in next with the very `strong' Got To Be Strong. This tune has a classic vibes which I know I know from somewhere (but am entirely too lazy to look up) and it works excellently on this tune. I still would rank the opener higher, but not by too much in terms of being inspiring (a theme which KoK is literally SOAKING in). Big tune. That changes, however, with the next tune as the MAMMOTH tune Crying Out For Peace rolls in with a show stopping type of strength, ascending to the heights of the album. Lyrically speaking, this may just be the best tune on the album (and its not too far from that distinction overall either). Altogether, a truly wonderful opening.In terms of prevailing vibes on King Of Kings, what I hear is pretty much a straight forward Reggae sound, with a SLIGHT bit of R&B; dashed in here and there. To my ears however (DUH!) what I really favour here is when King Hopeton goes REALLY spiritual, which is, to my opinion, his strongest point. The strongest point of his album, however, is the simply MIGHTY Jah Jah Is The Creator which is a downright DAZZLING display of roots and everything nice! The tune has a very social commentary feel to it but its not that, it's a humbled, somewhat `shredded' (I'm trying to say not flashy) tune which just struck me on so many levels without really having to try too hard to do so. This one here alone is worth the price of admissions, but wait, there's more. BRILLIANT tune. The title track here is also very nice and one it's album's best offerings. I've actually heard this one before and I liked it back then. With a very recognizable sound, KoK the song just shows off! This song is addictive from the first drop and, again, is marked by a very simple sound and just generally nice musicianship, in support of His Majesty. As if should be. Free Yourself is another tune I had heard before (on Mackie Conscious' Trod riddim from a few years back) and I love that nyah drum backing (of course), but for his part, King Hopeton once again delivers wonderfully, advising all to, in times of good and bad, look to His Imperial Majesty for guidance. The repatriation anthem To Africa We Go has a nice old school vibes to it, which, at times, sounds very Marley-ish (and Nasio-ish for that matter). This one actually took a few spins to begin to grow on me, but these days I don't get through it without singing along wishing I could go home too King Hopeton! Big tune. As a very welcomed changeup, Hopeton steps up the aggression on the tune Don't You Care which is a rather stinging slap in the face to those living wicked and corrupt and benefiting from who have OBVIOUSLY neglected and forgotten about the poorer class of people. If you're living NASTY then you should skip (the entire album) right pass this one if you want to remain such, for everyone else, you'll rank it as one of the biggest tunes on the album. I'll also mention the tune Best Friend briefly as it also has somewhat of a funky ska sounding riddim backing it and I didn't really rate it too high when I first heard it, but it also has began growing on me and is solid whichever way you take it. To my ears, My Destiny (which I THINK I've also heard before) has an R&B; type of sound surrounding that one-drop and it is absolutely GORGEOUS! This one is basically just steered by a heavy piano sound (which the very versatile Hopeton probably laid down himself) backing the very nice vocals of King Hopeton. It is a spiritual tune at its core, but I do like the mix of the sounds and the vibes which go to produce the `life' of the tune altogether. Hard Times is a Hip-Hop vibed tune (which has a riddim which I'm SURE I've heard Anthony B go on, FRUSTRATINGLY I can't recall it), which also has a spiritual nature to it. This goes to show that, although I'll sometimes vehemently complain about Reggae artists switching genres mid-album, when you surround it in good stuff, it hardly brings anything down. As King Of Kings winds down, it leaves us with one so-so tune and one very good final statement. This first is Take This Pain Away which is a rather odd sounding tune, which has like a folksy sounding vibes to it. This tune was EASILY my least favourite on the album for quite awhile (it actually might still be) but it does grow on you a bit. And lastly is the EXPLOSIVE March Of The Kings which is a SCATHING social commentary. I THINK joining King Hopeton on the tune is his business partner, Xsample on the spoken word vibes, which is an excellent touch for the song and a UNIQUE way to end things here.Overall, call it already, King Hopeton's album King of Kings is THE sleeper Reggae album of 2009. As the year has started with several surprises, but not too much HEAVY artillery, at least on the roots side (and by that I mean, BIG material from BIG current artists) and this one will definitely add immensely to the small, but solid bunch. King Of Kings has every bit the feel to it that I got from King Cephas' and Harry Mo's 2008 releases and this one definitely has potential  to go further. The situation is different here, of course, because you're FAR more likely to hear from King Hopeton and DoubleLion again, whether you know it or not. Hero is certain to put out a follow up to Revelation pretty soon and he and his camp would be wise to pursue similar producers when that time comes, so we're definitely looking forward to that. Likewise, when that day comes, hopefully King Hopeton will go right into the studio with his own follow up to his OUTSTANDING debut album, King Of Kings.
This is a fine solo album from Tim Morrison, a trumpeter you have probably heard on many occasions and not known it.  Tim has played solo trumpet on many John Williams film scores, such as "Born on the Fourth of July" and "Amistad."  His rich, buttery smooth tone is distinctive and memorable.  In this album, he gives us a collection of mostly Standards in fresh arrangments, all very well played.Don't mistake this as simply an album for cornet/trumpet players.  The sidemen he employs in this effort are first rate and raise this album far above the mundane level.  The guitar playing is especially noteworthy, as are the tasteful improvisations of his fine Jazz pianist.I wouldn't consider this a Jazz album, per se, but rather an Easy Listening album employing Jazz idioms.  I took off one star because the soloist drags the solo behind the beat too often for my taste.  This is clearly a matter ofpreference, since this is a common interpretive device; however, I found myself wishing he landed on count one withthe ryhthm section more often.  There is clearly a lot of thought behind the interpretive choices made here.  Check out "Summertime" and you'll see that Morrison and company didn't just grab a Fake Book and play the tunes down.  The arrangements are imaginative and tasteful.One thing to note, in case you are expecting a trumpet album:  Almost all tunes are played on C cornet instead.  No worries; Tim Morrison sounds fabulous on any horn he plays, and the sound of the cornet fits these arrangements perfectly.This is an album to listen to on Sunday morning, enjoying the paper, sipping some orange juice.  It's happy music, andit is very well played.  Enjoy!
Mikuni Shimokawa is probably best known for singing the theme songs to the Full Metal Panic anime series and it's sequels.  However, she has also made a stellar career out of doing cover songs to various other anime series. Reprise is a collection of those efforts.Reprise is a two disc set, the first disc comprises her cover songs, while disc 2 has songs that she originally performed, including most of the FMP theme songs. The first disc contains covers from well known songs such as Zankokuna Tenshino Teeze, the opening theme to Neon Genesis Evangelion and Rondo-Revolution-, the opening theme to Revolutionary Girl Utena. But it also has lesser known covers as well, such as Omoidega Ippai from the anime series H2O. Each cover song does an excellent job of respecting the original version while Mikuni puts her own spin on each song.Overall, this is a great album to pick up, if you're a fan of Full Metal Panic, anime songs, or J-Pop in general. Considering the high cost of importing the physical CD, to get this MP3 album for under $10 is a fantastic bargain.
In this album, Juan Martin offers his usual combination of blazing technique and sensitive combination of traditional flamenco and modern jazz chords. The music actually leans more toward the traditional than the jazzy, however, so those looking for something more traditional than a typical Paco de Lucia or other neuvo flamenco album will appreciate this offering. The Bulerias alone is worth most of the price. A good album, with sufficiently good sound. Juan Martin's live album would be the better choice if you want an introduction to this fine player.
Chris Stapleton's review is almost right.  There are time when concentration seems to wane, but the sheer power and captivating quality of Busi's voice always draws you back.  This is high on my list of favourite  albums, but Urbanzulu ranks higher - check it out.
I heard "Izinziswa (Young Men)" while listening to WPFW (89.3 FM) in D.C back in the mid 1990s, and immediately went out and purchased the album.  "Izinziswa (Young Men)" is still my favorite song from the album, though the other songs are also good.I would recommend this album, and highly recommend listening to WPFW (89.3 FM) if you're ever in the DC area.  They play a wide variety of music, especially on the weekends.
Everyone loved the sounds in the background as they drank Mai Tais and ate Hawaiian pork sandwiches. Nothing like steel drum music to set the party mood!
We took a cruise to the Caribbean in January 2012 (with no problems) and this CD was fun to listen to afterward. It was fun to listen to, as I relived that fun adventure.
Playing this as we experience some of our coldest winter weather here in New England and it will warm your soul
This was part of a day on the internet shopping where I ASSUMED things were going well.  I didn't check the shippingh address-My family received it.  I can retrieve at Christmas.
I live in what has been a very cold climate, this CD makes me warm all over.I have recommended this C D to my friends.
I was looking for some music to play in the background while we sit on the deck and enjoy a couple drinks and the summer weather with friends.  This is just what I was looking for.  It makes me feel like I did on our last Caribbean Cruise.  The quality of Bob Lyons' music is better than a lot of the other steel drum music I found online.  Good stuff.
Great sound! Relaxing easy listening songs that are PERFECT for island beach vacation mix! Never heard of the group but found it on line looking for songs to inspire me for our up coming virgin island trip. Takes you right to the feel of relaxing on the beach in a hammock. Give it a listen, you won't be sorry. Enjoy!
A must for fans of laid-back, stoney, good-timey, feel-good, Sublime-style California reggae. Clear, crisp production of simple, well-written, catchy songs. Liberal use of dub style and unexpected acoustic elements add to the charm. Feels like summer up in here!
This Minneapolis-based hip-hop duo comprised of Brandon Allday & Medium Zach are definitely becoming one of my favorite duos from the midwest. Both are very good lyricists and excellent songwriters, and bring some notably dope Chicano rap to the forefront of the Minnesota hip-hop scene. They've been performing together since 2000, but this is their first official full-length album. Medium Zach - who has also been producing prior to Big Quarters' formation - is the mastermind behind the organic and bar-rasing production held within. It should also be pointed out that Brandon Allday & Benzilla also add great beats to this project.Brandon Allday has the deeper, more baritone styled flow, while Medium Zach also has a unique cadence about him. Together, they reach a fairly unique sound that plays excellently off of the very much on-point production. They make all the right moves with this record. I've yet to find a track that I don't like after roughly 10 spins. Every track here is great in it's own way. That said, my favorites are "Sign of the Time", "Lou Diamond", "Everyday", "How To Kill Your Rap Career" featuring I Self Devine, "Painkillers" featuring Emmanuel Ortiz, & "Song for Brown Babies".Overall, I couldn't have hoped for a better album, and it has actually exceeded my expectations at every turn. Their new album "From the Home of Brown Babies & White Mothers" drops 5/5/09, and I think we can only expect greater things to come from this duo.
This album is not for New Age fans who like a little table drum and tamboura mixed in with Indian flutes and synthesisers. Rather this is the real deal, hardcore Indian Classical Music. The first part of the album is a half hour raga sung by Rajan and Sajan Mishra. Their vocalizations can be most startling to the uninitiated.Their performance is undoubtedly the highlight of the album. The second half of the album features a nice sitar raga by the great Shahid Parvez,  and a beautiful raga sung by the enchanted songstress Shruti Sadolikar. As an aside, I am very fond of Shruti Sadolikar's featured performance on Night Ragas , Volume 4 in this same series.
I bought this album after hearing one of the numbers on our local jazz radio station.  The high-energy music was as good as I hoped.  I especially like the (unexpected) French song ''Moi je viens de Panama&#34; -- delightful album!
Guiding Star, This number you can listen at any time and any number of times. The guitar works soothe you down.Hari s voice and the classical mix are really a treat to hear. Kai Zhala, Sounds much of a trendy number but doesnt stick to heart much.But is very well arranged. Turn Around, The number which should have been a melody ,but turned to a pop styled one and really succeeds.And when Hari starts the pitch,the song really rocks
Good old Cuban Music with all the 30s and 40s flavor. Just the basics for he filling movement that will star later. Enjoy!!
good songs, 2 or 3 macka b, 2 or 3 susan cadogan, a willie nelson.... not a lot of tracks. also a new version of Aaahh... its a good disc.
This album is a very nice mix of Sukiyaki versions. This album has perhaps the best English lyrics for the song I've heard. Unfortunately, it seems it is being sung by someone not speaking English as a first language, and there are a couple spots (mostly right after mention of the Man in the Moon) where I simply can't understand what's being sung. I really wish I could find the written lyrics. (If you have them, feel free to e-mail me at terr@bex.net.)
I will probably forever maintain in my lifetime that the single greatest thing to ever happen to the Dancehall on the production side is the birth of one Dave Kelly nearly forty years ago in Kingston, Jamaica (SHOCKED when I learned he hadn't even reached forty yet). Dave Kelly introduced a rather revolutionary style of production apart from many of the strong producers who were around at the time, most notably King Jammy and Donovan Germain of Penthouse (under whom Kelly, as an engineer, honed his craft). This style was far less `structured' than the `Dancehall one-drop' (as I like to call it) which dominated the scene of the most of the early digital era of Dancehall, going full on until the late 1980's/early 1990's. To my ears, Kelly also inspired an immediate group of slightly younger producers, with the primary two being his brother Tony, of course, and a next product of Penthouse, Stephen `Lenky' Marsden, both of whom have shown the same jovial and youthful approach to riddim production as Dave Kelly himself. Now, while Kelly remains a very prominent and BRILLIANT producer in the game as have Tony Kelly and Marsden) running his Madhouse label as well as steering the career of Dancehall superstar Baby Cham who he discovered and developed under his own wing, the TOP of the producing game is a lot more crowded these days than when Kelly rose, ESPECIALLY on the Dancehall side of the business. I could go ahead and d name the usual suspects and cast of characters, but you probably know them already and they are already (Di Genius, Don Corleone, Daseca etc.) and while Dancehall specifically has been receiving so much criticisms as of late, one would have to objectively admit that the Dancehall right now may just be near a next height of creativity. We've seen some of the most ambitious productions within the last few years in the Dancehall and most of them (regardless of how much I myself may or may not like them) have found success with the masses. Of course, the greatest example in terms of pure creativity and experimenting would be the aforementioned Lenky's Diwali riddim from a few years back. To this day a good case could be made the Diwali is the single most popular Dancehall riddim EVER (if it isn't the one then that distinction probably belongs to the Sleng Tend) as it dominated the Dancehall and the international world when Lenky decided to make a Soca-ish base track and throw some hand clapping behind it to score MASSIVE results. Don Corleone's entire catalogue is also a WONDERFUL example of Kelly-like creativity with BOUNCING riddims like the Mad Guitar, the Good 2 Go, the Mad Antz and the French Vanilla (VERY underrated riddim). Scatta with the Coolie Dance (in all its variations), Di Genius' various pieces, probably most notably in this situation, the Workout and just a whole heap a others (including Kelly himself with the Eighty-Five) just make the point that even though you may not like it, the Dancehall has slowly been building some CRAZY creative vibes in the last few years under some of the new TOP producers.Arguably, one of the most ambitious riddim PROJECTS I've seen recently was from production group Daseca in 2005-06 I believe with the AWESOME monster which was the Anger Management Riddim. Announcing not only its own arrival, that same riddim went on to help establish Daseca (and, by extension, Serani) and two very significant Dancehall artists, both Mavado and Busy Signal who dropped the WICKED combination Full Clip on the riddim (and Mavado also had Real McKoy which was, arguably, his first signature tune). What you may not know about that riddim, however, is that it also had a slightly more amped version, the Angrier Management (Full Clip was on the Angrier while Real McKoy was on the Anger) as the production team had simply used the same foundation riddim to make two different riddims. Well, if you, like me, were hoping to someday perhaps get a taste of the Angriest Management Riddim, then perhaps that day has come (not really, but maybe something to take your mind off of waiting) as Daseca again returns to drop one of the most creative riddim projects that you could have imagined, The Beauty and The Beast. This time the up and coming TJ Records takes the credit for the actual production. That label, headed by one Teetimus is also responsible for one of the (if not THE) most popular Dancehall tracks in the world right now, Mavado's I'm So Special on his equally popular Unfinished Business riddim (which Dave Kelly is suing him for, I digress). The Beauty & The Beast construct has had people whose opinions on Dancehall I respect openly wondering if it may be the long awaited `sequel' to the Diwali in terms of success (that riddim's literal sequel was, of course, the Masterpiece) and although I wouldn't go that far to ponder that question openly, it is definitely about as DIFFERENT a riddim as I have ever heard. Now VP Records, having dropped the ball on the Diwali and missing out on what become probably the most popular riddim album of ALL TIME with the riddim (to its then rival Greensleeves Records) and also missing out on the Anger Management album which Daseca released on their own, are fully up to the cast and tap The Beauty & The Beast as one the two in latest releases in their always solid and welcome Riddim Driven series (it is being released simultaneously with The Rock Steady riddim from super Roots producer Kemar `Flava' McGregor) which, although appears less and less these days, seems to have streamlined itself in a good way as opposed to its formerly OBESE days. Now, what actually occurs with this riddim which is even more creative than the Anger/Angrier Managements is that a base riddim is present, however neither the Beauty nor the Beast follows it exactly (meaning neither are, in themselves, the actual base), however they display different takes on it. The Beauty takes it into a more dancing and bouncing and vibesy direction, whereas the Beast, as the title would suggest, is a war zone of a riddim. The results? Mixed, as expected, but the riddims themselves, the real stars here, shines BRIGHT on Riddim Driven: The Beauty & The Beast, the series' most high profile piece in a very long time.After you get past that absolutely BRILLIANT cover art for the album, you'll turn it over and you'll then notice the artist selection, which isn't exactly the best, but does offer quite a few surprises. The way the album is set up is that the first ten tracks are dedicated to the Beauty and the final seven to the Beast. To the Beauty. Getting things going on the Beauty side of the album and the entire album itself, TJ Records' Riddim Driven: Beauty & The Beast is a WONDERFUL clean version of the riddim. These are always welcome and (if they are present) they're usually at the end of the album, but here, VP decides to put it up front which is a nice touch. The clean version of the Beauty is absolutely KNOCKING and is, in and of itself, one of the best tunes on this album and the same riddim itself. The first vocalist taking a shot at the Beauty is the most welcome surprise for me personally, veteran STAR Dancehall singer Wayne Wonder, who delivers another of the riddim's finest efforts, the banging lover's piece, Stay Close. Wonder is such a CLASSY and SKILLED artist that he can do several tricks to accompany almost any backing and I would suggest that if you listen to almost anyone else on the Beauty, it sounds a lot faster than he makes it sound! He actually `stuns' the riddim just a bit and melds to it nearly perfectly. Big tune. Next up is the up and coming Ishawna with Ladies Night which is a song which I'm not feeling very much at all, but in all honesty, my niece does, and she is FAR more the target tune for such a song and I'll just mention that some modicum of international stardom may actually await Ishawna at some point in the not too distant future, in which case, you may want to get used to hearing Ladies Night. Four artist choices for the Beauty actually concern me in different ways. In the case of Voicemail, Wayne Marshall and Chino, those three acts are EASILY amongst my LEAST favourite artists going these days and neither Voicemail nor Marshall `disappoint' in that respect as their efforts, Pull It Up and Dance, respectively, are much of anything to write home about (even though Marshall is afforded one of the most addictive mixes of the riddim). Chino, on the other hand, does do quite well on his tune, Style It, some very nice straight djaying on that tune, to give credit where it's well due. The other rather curious choice is Bramma, easily one of my favourite artists going now, who chimes in on the well exhausted Daggeration. I'm just tired of daggering tunes and even Bramma can't save this one, but he shouldn't have had to. He should have been on the BEAST! Continuing to raid Big Ship (after Bramma and Chino), TJ does strike gold with young Laden whose tune, Anytime is EXCELLENT. The undeniable peak of The Beauty, however, is CLEARLY the ridiculousness which is the X-rated Wine For Me from Elephant Man. I won't ruin that at all for you but when madness runs in Dancehall, sometime down the road, it eventually runs into Ele and as CORNY as Wine For Me is, trust me, it will grow on you, all over you (he also gets a nice mix as does Laden)!Then it's the Beast. The Beast sounds like a war march type of riddim at first which eventually ascends into a mystical sounding backdrop for some of the Dancehall's harsher lyricists (two in particular, of course). Just as the Beauty did, the Beast gets this side started and although it isn't as all around BEAUTIFUL as the Beauty it still definitely stands up as one of the best offerings on this side. The first lyricist to actually go at the riddim is the same one who you thought it would be, Vybz Kartel, who takes a not too veiled shot at one Gully God with Kill Dem. Kill Dem is absolute MADNESS! One of the most scathing war tunes I've heard in awhile and it was definitely a point on Kartel's side in their feud (although Mavado fired back on the WICKED Gangsta Nuh Play, curiously absent from this album). Kartel's two prot&eacute;g&eacute;s follow him, the first of which being Black Ryno on Shot A Buss. I don't know if I'm just tiring of hearing his type of flow but Shot A Buss, a decent enough tune, just doesn't win me over. The same, however, simply CANNOT be said for Aidonia who drops Badman A Step which is, to my opinion, the strongest tune on either riddim and on the entire album. Once a role played by Bounty Killer and Vybz Kartel (to a degree, although the little `hitch' Kartel has in his style typically lends him to a more melodic style), of DOMINATING the highly digitalized HARDCORE Dancehall riddims like the Beast is now bestowed upon Aidonia. Badman A Step is some EVIL EVIL genius piece of tune! You can check that flow in any way shape or form, as messy as it sounds at times, it is COMPLETELY on point and Badman A Step is highly calibrated Dancehall. WINNER! The final three tracks on the Beast and thus the entire Riddim Driven: Beauty & The Beast album come from three very high profile artists as well. The first is Demarco whose tune No Fear just may be the second best overall on the riddim, his level of versatility makes him a candidate to ride both riddims on this one (only Ele did that, his completely insane Plan Fi March being absent from this album). Very impressive, as usual. Dancehall's most miserable, Bugle steps up next with his very lyrically impressive Hypocrite Friend, another of the real standouts on the piece. As is his norm, Bugle's rather unique (dark, deathly, dreary, whatever you want to call it) take on things leads to one of the very few tunes of actual substance on the album. Ending matters here altogether is upstart Konshens who brings his tune Don't Leave It which doesn't really register much with to be honest. It's a very odd sounding tune (with Konshens YELLING at times) and really this artist excels on a different type of vibes, more smooth and a little laid back (which means they should've switched him out with Bramma). Leaving a rather unusual final stamp on a rather unusual project, to say the least.Overall, the real star of VP's Riddim Driven: Beauty & The Beast album is, of course, the riddim itself and it NEVER fails, not once, during the entire seventeen tracks on the album. In my criteria for judging riddim albums, somewhere very high on the list for a project EXCEEDING the standard album is one where the tunes receive a bit of individuality because the producer will take the extra step and offer various mixes for different artists on the riddim. Besides the built in mix on this one (I.e. having two different riddims) there are several inter-riddim mixes as well which, from a musical standpoint is just highly ADDICTIVE and IMPRESSIVE, regardless of the vocal acts' quality or lack thereof. That, combined with a base which is just so BEAUTIFUL definitely pushes this one to the next level as a riddim. Riddim Driven: Beauy & The Beast is by far one of the most creative and well executed Dancehall PROJECTS I've seen in awhile. I definitely would like to see this one get some type of international push (with probably someone like Ishawna or maybe even Wayne Wonder being the most likely candidates (maybe even Ele actually or Serani, whose tune, We Grow, on the Beauty isn't included here, crazy mix on that one also). This one is recommended to ANY fans of modern Dancehall and is guaranteed to look mighty fine (literally) in your collections and newer fans as well, who may need to get used to it sooner or later. Big riddim.
Of course in music it is the vocal artists who tend to reap the most attention and, probably, deservedly so as the people who work behind the scenes do so in order to make the vocalists even bigger stars. However, I find that within Reggae music especially, there has always been a situation where those who work behind the scenes tend to receive even MORE credit and, arguably, just as much, if not more attention than the vocal acts with whom they work. I have ABSOLUTELY no problem with this, especially in the case of a producer. In the case of the Dancehall, specifically, the trend which has developed as of the last few years is that we'll see an up and coming producer either virtually align themselves with an equally up and coming artist and, in making tunes with that artist, will BUSS at the same time as that artist which is just such a wonderful case in my opinion. Definitely the prime case of this as of late would be Don Corleone and Vybz Kartel who BOTH rose to prominence alongside each other, more a half decade ago now. It was so interesting that when Kartel made it to his very first album, Up 2 Di Time, in 2003, most of the tunes on which he had established his name were done for Corleone. Songs like Sweet To The Belly, Why You Doing It and even underground hits like Start Well were all for the producer as were newer links at the time such as the hilarious Robbery and Kartel & Kardinal, a link with Canadian DJ/Hip-Hopper Kardinal Offishall. Kartel went on to, and still does, record with Corleone even after branching out more and more, with both having helped establish each other as TOP CLASS Dancehall talents. The same thing could be said, even more recently for production group Daseca, who did the same thing with Mavado (and Busy Signal sort of, but are now OFFICIALLY linked with Serani and Bugle). In the roots arena, however, things are a bit different, in my opinion because there is more and more competition. Think about it like this? How many international based WELL REGARDED producers of Dancehall music can you name? Sitting here thinking off of the top of my head, and sticking with non-French/Creole producers, the only one which comes to mind would be Elly Ess and company at Rock Star Entertainment, and even if I'm overlooking someone (which I have to think that I am) there is simply not that much competition. With Roots Reggae producers, however, there are relatively decent names on nearly every continent on the planet with whom `competition' for the big artists and the big tunes are laid, essentially even taking Roots music to a global level even MORE competitive than back home in Jamaica.However, were you to actually have a Jamaican producer who could, more or less, lay a substantial claim to being THE main Roots Reggae producer of the new school generation of artist, this person would hypothetically wield such an extreme level of power as he/she would have such an extreme access to THE big time artists, far more so than their international peers. If there were such an individual, its also fair to say that he/she would spend their years basically STOCKING hits for not only the solidified talents in the game, but the up and comers as well, to whom they would have access to LONG before international ears had even been opened to their vibes and if this producer actually has REAL SKILL, he/she might even be setting themselves up to be one of the greatest of all time. Well, thankfully such an individual does actually exist in this day and age as BY FAR the producer who has aligned himself not only with an artist or two, here and there (and he has done that as well) but the entire up and coming GENERATION of youths making music for His Majesty in Jamaica has been one (pretty young himself) Kemar `Flava' McGregor. If you can name a relatively successful Roots Reggae artist who has been making at least DECENT vibes within the past couple of years or so, McGregor has most likely voiced them (even if the artist is a bit past their best years) and done VERY good with them. And besides that, the man has scored full on HITS with many of them as well. AND, were that not enough (and it was) he has also produced full blown albums for several of them as well. Add to that mixing pot that it was McGregor who had a significant hand in the early development of one future superstar Gyptian and is currently serving the same role for the very gifted up and comer Nesbeth and the man has simply had the Midas Touch over the last few years. Of course, things have been quite well for him on his own as well as his productions have been getting so much attention and spins all over the world and he has been receiving probably more riddim albums than any producer on earth. Right now, in Jamaica's Reggae landscape, there are two producers whose riddims are a virtual LOCK to make it to albums, Jukeboxx's Shane Brown (because he actually has a deal) and McGregor. Thus, it is no surprise that he, just as he did in 2008 with the MASSIVE Rub-A-Dub riddim, which proved to be my favourite riddim of the year, McGregor and his No Doubt Records make their respective 2009 debut with the big Rock Steady Riddim (of course he had the Drop It Riddim release in between as well) on VP's famed Riddim Driven series. To my ears, the Rock Steady is a bit different from McGregor's other productions in that it is a bit more VIBRANT on the surface than some of the others and, as is his usual, what he does is seem to pick a base sound for the riddim (in this case, the Rock Steady has what sounds like a piano/key board) around which all of the other wonderful sounds revolve. As also is his usual, McGregor links some of the BIGGEST in big talent Jamaica has to offer and does so with a few twists and turns from a few No Doubt Records first timers. The results are yet another very well done project which, although it does reach the standards set by the HUGE Rub-A-Dub riddim, is certain to please any fan of modern Reggae, myself definitely included.If I recall correctly, Kemar McGregor and No Doubt Records' Rub-A-Dub riddim was the very first time they had linked with VP Records. That riddim featured so many of VP's own talents like Etana, Morgan Heritage and Richie Spice, who had projects going at the time and BIG tunes on the riddim, that it seemed like a `no-brainer' for move for VP to make. Consider it another no-brainer that the Rock Steady features no less than seven official VP/Greensleeves artists in its fifteen tunes and nine, in total, who have released albums for the now merged label. Also unsurprisingly is it that getting things started on Riddim Driven: Rock Steady from VP Records and No Doubt Records are no less than three consecutive VP artists all of whom do very good work. The first is the woman and the artist of the moment, Ms. Etana who is a holdover from the Rub-A-Dub and checks in on the Rock Steady with the OUTSTANDING Bad Mind which, at least in my opinion, tops the Rock Steady riddim as it's finest tune altogether. Etana is an artist who I STILL don't think has begun her prime and when she does, should she start consistently filing better tunes than Bad Mind, we may be looking at a legend in her. This tune is BEAUTIFUL and MEANINGFUL at the same time as the Princess of August Town sounds nearly PERFECT while taking a much deserved swipe at the bad minded and dirty hearted people. A HUGE tune and the sweetest opener possible with the riddim's finest. Next up is a bit of a surprise as I-Wayne for the first time to my knowledge voices a No Doubt riddim (I could be wrong) with what turned out to be a decent hit for him, One Hit Wonder. The tune addresses the notion that the Portmore singer could somehow fade away in the game and become a one hit wonder of sorts. Of course, he wonderfully ties it together to make a point beyond just himself and really it was just interesting to hear him speak so openly on the matter. Big tune. Coming back from the Rub-A-Dub is also Mr. Plane Land himself, Richie Spice who rides the Rock Steady with Why Should I. I haven't been too high on the singer as of late but I have to give credit where it's due and Why Should I is a pretty nice vibes and Spice sounds VERY good on the vocals definitely. Very good opening.Although the Rock Steady is brimming with artists from the Rub-A-Dub and/or typical No Doubt Records regulars, there were a couple of welcome surprises here I was very happy to see. Surprises like Cocoa Tea who comes in with a tune in Sweeter which requires a bit of listening to grow on you but when you really get it's vibes, it's a very nice tune and longtime I've waited to hear the coolest man on earth ride a Kemar McGregor riddim. Konshens' is another name I was surprise to see voice the Rock Steady and he really, while going (RIDICULOUSLY) really straight forward on his tune, Let Me Know (almost sounding R&B-ish; at times) proves to give a nice effort. Konshens, I feel, is an artist still searching for his real identity and in the meantime he's all over the place and I've heard FAR worse `experiments' than the lover's tune Let Me Know (even though it is kind of corny). The biggest surprise here, however, was probably long underrated veteran sweet singing Stevie Face from out of St. Thomas (Jamaica). Face seems to be making a big statement with the quality of his recent tunes and his effort on the Rock Steady definitely has to be amongst his finest and I'm looking forward to seeing the singer on future No Doubt riddims. And if that weren't enough sweet singing veterans for you (and it should've been), there's also Glen Washington with a tune that missed his most recent album, Destiny (for VP, duh!) the very nice and solid lover's vibe Not Going To Wait. That's not at all to overlook some of the more popular names and usual faces on the riddim, however, as several of them score nicely as well. Such is the case with No Doubt's own Nesbeth who strikes out against corruption on the EXCELLENT social commentary, Injustice. Because he actually is an artist on the label, Nesbeth should CONSISTENTLY voice some of the best and with a wicked tune like this, he's well on his way. The surprisingly ELUSIVE Capleton returns following his effort on the Rub-A-Dub to No Doubt studios to deliver a tune which is still growing on me pretty nicely, Save Dem. This song just has ALMOST the feel Capleton is notorious for pushing on those BIG anthem-like Roots masterpieces which he is famous for and HOPEFULLY, FINALLY 2009 is the year for The Prophet's next long awaited album and hopefully Save Dem, a very LYRICAL tune for the youths is included on the tracklist. Excellent tune there. To my opinion, Fantan Mojah had the single best tune on the Rub-A-Dub riddim altogether with his RINGING tune, The Most High. While he doesn't repeat by taking top honours here, Mojah's song for the Rock Steady, Rising, the somewhat subtle, yet EDGY tune definitely ranks amongst the class on the on the riddim (speaking of big roots anthems, Mojah's kind of `built in echo' he has on his voice makes almost every song he does such a tune inherently). I'm having a tough time avoiding Teflon these days, another `veteran' from the Rub-A-Dub and I'm not complaining here at all as he delivers what is my choice as the Rock Steady's second best tune in full, the WICKED One Thing, a BLAZING social commentary. Teflon is really coming into his own as an artist full on and definitely check out this tune (and his recent debut album, Motherless Child), probably the single best lyrical performance on the riddim. Another holdover, the vocally impressive Ginjah continues his streak of BRILLIANCE on the moving tune Where Is It. Take a few spins on this one as he sings it so impressively, its somewhat easy to overlook the lyrics, but when you really take in the song as a whole, you'll see it as one of the riddim's best. Speaking of riddim's best (and lyrical) personal favourite enters both categories as he ends Riddim Driven: Rock Steady with his FINE Girl Don't Cry. Somewhat in the same nature as the LARGE Wipe Those Tears (Phantom War album) the tune definitely carries a sweet, although sorrowful, vibes to it and, of course, the lyrics are consistently on point from the Spanish Town chanter seemingly incapable of delivering even a substandard VERSE these days to end the album in very fine form.Overall, of course the Rock Steady is most likely to be compared to the MASSIVE Rub-A-Dub and in that comparison (and only in that comparison) it will fail. However, should you just listen to this riddim as it is (and unfortunately VP hasn't included a clean version of the riddim) and the vocal performances on it, you can well appreciate it's own power. It certainly falls into the same level of class as other Kemar McGregor productions like the Trumpet, the 83, the Key and the Drop It (his finest two being the aforementioned Rub-A-Dub and the Triumphant from 2005 which was arguably even stronger). The Rock Steady riddim edition of VP's Riddim Driven is recommended to fans of modern Reggae (with a slight preference for new school material and maybe even a bit of Dancehall). ANYTIME Kemar McGregor delivers a new production, its definitely something to take a bit listen to and no different is the Rock Steady, the latest STRONG release from the best Reggae producer in the world. Period.
Tropical percussion,  voices and bass line are all played parallel to each other so that the song has a strong sense of forward momentum to it. Sounds like it was played live. Feels warm, spirited and spontaneous.
very good album.. i tho he was gonna come out screamin alottt and just ugly beats. but it had some perreo/romantic/merengue taste into..  favor  song so far is sex seguro.. great song.. go get it if u havent got it
I'm a tough critic and I say it like it is.  I love this CD.  The concept is terrific and inspirational.  It brings me closer to my heritage and thus, home.  However, I was disappointed in how brief it was.  The tracks are short and the entire CD is roughly 18 minutes long. I felt the tracks had a sense of being rushed along and not developed to its full potential.  Each track definitely could have been longer.  I am a huge fan of Dave Liang or SRP's other CDs, such as `Zodiac' and `Story of a City', which gets all the stars from me!
5 Rivers Entertainment Inc. releases the most recent disc "Righteous Roots Reggae, Vol. 1" performed by various artists. As you'd expect from the title, this CD is full of authentic reggae beats and rhythms. Some of the talented male and female artists performing on the CD include Informative Historyman, Dobby Dobson, Odel Johnson, Kingfish Riddim, Spanner Banner, Snatcha Lion, Jahsmin, ChillRootz and L.A. Lallabella from Canada's Moutain Edge Band. The lyrics throughout this entire collection of songs send a message of awareness on many topics. Off beat rhythmic patterns and chanted vocals give spirited grace to "Historyman Chant." "Blazing Jealousy" not only has strong and sincere vocals but the background harmonies add a touch of flavor. As reggae is mostly associated with drum patterns and strong bass lines, notice the incorporation of the strings on songs such as "Foolish Me" and "I Cry." Fans of Bob Marley won't want to miss hearing "Righteous Roots Reggae, Vol. 1" featuring strong vocals and reggae beats from the various male and female artists featured on this CD.Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Album is pretty good but the producer FryBongio Chablingo is too baked to focus for more than 15 minutes on anything other than smoking weed
The Filipino (Pilipino or Tagalog) songs in the album are great. Reminds me of the height of Filipino originality in the music industry.The music scene in the Philippines have gotten too Westernized. There's not much of the tune that made Filipino music unique.This album is a great buy and the songs are great.A must for Filipinos especially those abroad.Homesick of your country!? Then buy this....worth more than $9 :D
The neat thing about this album is that it has both the Esquivel version and the modern remixes so the two can be easily compared. Both versions are entertaining the value is great. The remixes are pretty faithful to the original with heavier bass and occasional scratches and other innovations. It's easy to conceive of Esquivel the progressive creator using similar techniques if he was still making music. If you like this check out "Big Band Remixed + Reinvented" which is the best and most consistent album to bring modern spins to older music. Stay away the "Electro Lounge" CDs, they have some good stuff but are hit and miss.
Okay, I confess: I like Celtic music. Celtic music can be sad, melancholic, and really good on a rainy day.&#34;Relaxing&#34; is not what I associate with Celtic music. Heartbreaking, maybe. A little gay now and then, and I do NOT me LGBT by gay.Haunting also comes to mind. For sure, bagpipes belong at police funerals. Those pipes are good for dirges.
I love Tartanic, and this album is certainly worth the money. If you've gone to their shows and you like the music, you're probably going to want to buy their album Uncivilized. If you want to branch out and hear more from Tartanic, I'd definitely recommend this album. It has fewer tracks than their other albums, but it's definitely worth it.
This is Salsa all grown up. The ultimate expression in the Salsa movement by the best artists. I am writing about the Fania All Stars at its best. Music that will enter your bloodstream and make you want to dance to the rythum 1,2,3....5,6,7. Go for it!!
I like to shop for mp3s at amazon since they don't come with the BS that other services tack on. As such, I get a lot of &#34;recommended&#34; tunes from past searches and this popped up one day.I was very pleasantly surprised. I don't know enough Japanese to catch more than a phrase here and there, but the tunes are really great and empowering. I bought more of their albums. It is certainly worth a try.
Great island music. Played it on board and had a great time with it. Fun time dancing and setting the mood for the Bahamas.
Steeped in culture and rich with history, Volva Songs EP strikes a chord for anyone who has ever been interested in the northern countries like Norway, and Iceland.  Have you have ever wondered what kinds of songs the early Vikings might have sung around a campfire? In my opinion, I don't think you can get much closer than Volva Songs EP.  Volva is Old Norse for "Staff Carrier", what we could consider a bard or storyteller.  Kari uses the staff as a rhythm instrument, a method she calls "Volva Stav".She explains: "My work as Volva gently pulls the threads of our indigenous European tapestry, mends them to our immigrant memories, and spins a new thread for our children that is true, restores identity, and creates cultural healing. "The acoustic guitar is used in some of the pieces to add a warmth to the songs.  The ambiance created by these songs drips with the essence of the "old ways".  Even if you aren't fluent in Norse or Icelandic (neither am I), this is a rich and wonderful album to enjoy, it truly transcends words and relies instead on the emotions that it stirs."Dromte Mig", the fourth song on the album is by far my favorite.  I'm reminded of a video that I had seen of one of Kari's performances in which she sings this song.  Throughout the song, she is spinning thread with an old fashioned drop spindle.  As I listen to this song, I can vividly see a group of women sitting around singing and spinning their thread, carrying on a tradition that was passed from mother to daughter.  This song relates that bond of passing tradition down through a family or community.  The song starts off slow and soft and builds to a wonderful crescendo.Number three on the album, "Oppi Li" is one of those songs that is, in my opinion, pure unadulterated fun! The only musical accompaniment is a drum and of course Kari's ever-present Stav.  No other instruments are needed as Kari's wonderful voice could easily carry this song a capella.  This piece has a wonderful tempo that will have you wishing for a bonfire to dance around."Svarterabben", the last song on this album, coming in a close second, is another favorite of mine.  It combines a beautiful melody, wonderfully played on an acoustic guitar, along with Kari's powerful and wide-ranging voice.  I love the tune to this song, whenever I hear it, I want to join in and sing along. . . if only my voice had the range.This is an album that I have wanted to write a review about for some time.  I have always been fascinated in the histories of the various peoples of the world.  There is so much that was once known, but through the passage of time has been lost, it's exciting to see someone actively working to recover some of that history.  I applaud the work of Kari Tauring and hope to hear more of her work in the future.If Volva Songs EP sounds like something you would like to experience for yourself, you can get it here.  Kari has a number of videos on her site in which she not only performs, but also explains in greater depth, her use of the Volva Stav.~ Reviewed by Chris "Thaskalas" Madison:Pagan Radio Network
It never ceases to amaze me just how many Reggae artists we have racking up the frequent flyer miles, traveling to every corner of the world to find their audiences and ultimately their successes. For a musical genre which is perhaps the MOST (semi) well known musical art which is associated with a SPECIFIC region of the planet, its just so interesting how not only the vibes themselves travel, but the actual artists as well. And of course, I don't mean in terms of touring and traveling for other promotion and such, that happens with any genre, but artist who simply `pack up and leave' their homes to relocate, whether completely or merely as an artist. One of the most interesting and recent examples I found was that of one Cali P who released his very impressive debut album, Lyrical Faya, last year on the German imprint Pow Pow. Cali P is a born Gwada with ancestry of Switzerland as well and being grown in both (COMPLETELY UNRELATED) areas definitely blessed him with, if nothing else, a very unique story as to how he came about. That is also expressed in his music based on the glaring characteristic that, despite many of his compatriots rising up high in Reggae using their native French/Creole languages, Cali P voices almost exclusively in English/Patois. Staying in that same vein would be the case of Lyricson, a born Afrikan from Guinea, who would make his name in Reggae in France but also has apparently spent quite a bit of time in the States as well (and he also voices in English). Coming back to more familiar terrain, the number of how many Jamaican artists have gone to foreign locations to earn their stripes is downright staggering. When you take into account that so many of our elder artists have to go to Europe to sustain themselves as the continent apparently (and gratefully from my end) has a hunger for the old school vibes so many of us in the Caribbean take for granted. But that's not all. MANY modern artists at the top of their games also head for European soil to find their niche in the game. Names which come to mind are Daddy Rings, Jack Radics, Elijah Prophet, Prince Theo, Mark Wonder, Omar Perry and a whole heap of others who have either completely moved to Europe, or who have shifted their focus to providing the European markets with their new pieces FIRST and primarily because it is their where they have earned their fan base who appreciate and support their vibes consistently. I  think its so unfortunate because so many of these artists and others like them who have taken the same route (like Ray Darwin) because Jamaica and the Caribbean as a whole has shown a foul inability to support these TOP NOTCH acts.But sometimes we can be a bit more accepting. Such was the case when one Natural Black left his homeland of Guyana back in 1995 or so. Although Black's rise to stardom took quite a while, he stuck with it and proved himself, ultimately, to be one of the finest Roots Reggae artist on the scene at the time, a status which he still enjoys to this day. In doing so, in my opinion, he also opened the doors for others to strike out from his homeland and potentially enjoy similar successes (provided they are as skilled, or at least as committed to develop as he is/was). I think his indirect contribution will someday be regarded as pioneering-like as more and more talented faces continue to emerge from the musically rich landlocked South American nation (there are also a lot of mad Soca artists in Guyana as well, biggup Adrian Dutchin). Since Natural Black's arrival, we've seen a few very talented Guyanese acts follow in his footsteps, most notably the downright ABSENT Yahadanai, wicked group First Born and the man of the moment, Mr. Ras Mac Bean. I'm going to call Ras Mac Bean a SINGER more so than a chanter, although I've heard him described as both, as the type of music he makes is based on a nearly DOMINANT voice in terms of Roots Reggae music which kind of gives him quite a few choices as to what he can do on any given track (think Turbulence, just not as overall talented). Mac Bean is no stranger to traveling as well, although he didn't go the Jamaican route of Natural Black (which would have been EXCELLENT in retrospect had he), instead he went all the way to FRANCE and made the link with what turned out to be a WICKED French label in Irie Ites. One could make a reasonable claim that over the past half-decade or so Irie Ites has been one of the most consistent labels in the entire Reggae world. They constantly put out new riddims and thanks to a nice working relationship with the well reputed UK based Mafia & Fluxy brothers who have built quite a few riddims for the label which they use to voice some of the biggest talents in the world. Incidentally, the first time I recall hearing of either Ras Mac Bean or Irie Ites was back in 2004 when the label released Mac Bean's debut (and to date only) album, Pack Up & Leave. there was a time when I had initially received Pack Up & Leave of all of a year or so maybe that I absolutely LOVED this album and it nearly saddened and definitely FRUSTRATED me that Mac Bean had been so sparing in releasing anything (or at least anything that I could get my hands on) outside of it. Unfortunately the same could be said of the artist today, five years later as his reluctance to voice much for anyone outside of the Irie Ites camp has grown more and more evident but that doesn't take away from what he did with II with Pack Up & Leave, nor the fine works he continues to do with the label as nearly every Irie Ites riddim which comes down has a Ras Mac Bean tune on it (and they release A LOT). What originally captivated me of this album (and kind of still does today occasionally) was the overall CRAFTSMANSHIP placed into the work. Pack Up & Leave has a very STEADY vibes to it: Although it may not be spectacular throughout (although it definitely is that at times) there isn't even a bad NOTE to be found on Pack Up & Leave and now that Irie Ites has cracked open the vault and re-released it digitally, you, fan of modern Roots Reggae would have a hard case to make in not picking up this BEAUTIFUL album.Trying to think of an artist, as a point of comparison, who Ras Mac Bean sounds like and it's kind of difficult. He's not the type of deep, baritone voiced singer like Luciano or Bushman and he's not quite in the Chrisinti - Junior Reid type of a range, yet right in the middle but definitely a more laid back version of Turbulence in terms of the style (minus the Dancehall of course, yet with a  perceivable edge as well). As I said, I would definitely say the album has a solid, if not spectacular quality to it, but the opener of Ras Mac Bean's debut album, Pack Up & Leave definitely borders on spectacular despite not even being one of the album's highlights in my opinion, Jah Jah Look. The sound on this one is just AMAZING as the composition on this one is really a standout and for his part, RMB delivers a very nice message of relying on the support of His Majesty in this day and age when it is so necessary. Nice opening. The next tune here, the title track, is arguably an even better tune as RMB shows off the vocals just a bit more and pushes, in a story style, the reason why he has come to be who is. The chorus on this one is just BIG and simple in it's own way that it really can flow beneath the radar if you don't really pay attention. The same cannot be said for the tune in full, if you don't notice this one, something is wrong (WITH YOU). One of the biggest tunes on the album named after it (across a riddim named after it). The tune here which completes the opening of the album is one which has received a great deal of attention since the album's release, Dragon [Get Released], across Irie Ites' Zion Riddim from Mafia and Fluxy. The Zion riddim is SWEET and definitely received it's share of attention (and a riddim album as well) as it featured some really big names like Capleton, Turbulence and Lutan Fyah and Mac Bean stands good in comparison with any of them with his big tune here. All in all, a very SOLID opening.As a testament to the standing Irie Ites had achieved even at that point, there are two REALLY high profile combinations on Pack Up & Leave. The first of which features Ras Mac Bean alongside veteran Jamaican chanter Anthony B. The result of the pairing is, in my opinion, the album's biggest tune altogether, the URGENT Wake Up Call. This tune, which comes across probably II's biggest riddim to date, the LARGE Borderline riddim. The riddim supports the duo well as they more or less put a call in for SOLDIERS for His Majesty and I'm ready! If you follow that path in life, the tune will definitely get you up and moving and uplifted. Exactly where you need to be! HUGE tune. The other big combination on Pack Up & Leave is the Rasta affirming Lion Is King alongside Morgan Heritage, another shot across the Zion riddim. The tune is definitely more on Morgan Heritage's style of vibes and that's not necessarily a bad thing as they tend to make very good combinations with other artists. Lion Is King is SURELY no exception. The other two combinations here feature Mac Bean alongside lesser known artists Lorenzo and Tricia Collymore, with Forgive Dem Jah and the closer Oh Mama, respectively. Forgive Dem Jah (on the Pack Up & Leave riddim) is nearly a big tune as Lorenzo and RMB have become quite the dup showing great chemistry for the two artists who primarily voice for Irie Ites. Oh Mama is the obligatory Mama tune for Pack Up & Leave and has a different, more `funky' type of a vibe. Its not a bad tune, but it is the album's changeup featuring Collymore who (wonderfully) sings backing throughout and takes co-writer credits on many of the tunes as well). EVERY single tune on the first half of Pack Up & Leave is either a big tune or just shy of such distinction. That includes the BIG tune Boots Tracks which is a tune to all of those Brothers and Sisters unfortunate enough to be incarcerated for herb (it is the herbalist tune here). I used to LOVE this tune. It doesn't have the urgent nature as several of the other tunes and you would expect it to, but it still gives the very FIRM feel that is necessary to get the message across to the masses, especially later in the tune. That urgency is back and solid on Why Do The Edens Rage which just reaches big tune status to my opinion with the complexities in that vibe. And the SWEET From The Cradle To The Grave isn't even a question as it is simply one of the best tunes on the album. It's a praising tune for His Imperial Majesty at its core and I LOVE how RMB (and Collymore) arrive at that sound with the wicked sound and just inspiring nature of the tune. The second half of Pack Up & Leave also features its fair share of big tunes beginning with one of the few non Irie Ites tunes on the album, How Can I across the Frontline riddim for the Swiss label, Addis Records. The tune pushes a empowering message of not to just stand idle when wickedness is going around. The Frontline is a big riddim as well and featured many big artist and RMB probably had the best tune on that piece with How Can I. Immediately following How Can I is probably the signature tune for the album outside of the title track, Time To Reach The Borderline which is probably the best solo tune on the album altogether. Another across the Borderline riddim, Time To Reach The Borderline just has a really NECESSARY feel to it. Really Ras Mac Bean turns motivation speaker on several tunes on the album and IT WORKS! It probably is never more effective than on Time To Reach The Borderline as wherever the `borderline' is: I'M READY TO GO! Down the stretch Mac Bean continues to sprinkle in the nice vibes like on Dem A Run Away for the UK based Unik Music. The tune is just DIFFERENT sounding if you really dig into the lyrics and it caught me full on back when I first heard it and I still find myself enjoying it. Lastly is the nice Street Life from Addis which has a pretty even sound to it, fits in EXCELLENT with the album and serves as a very nice lead in to the DIFFERENT Oh Mama to close things out.Overall, it's available, you should have it. Previously Pack Up & Leave had a bit of an availability problem and I would recommend it to people who simply couldn't track it down. But now YOU HAVE NO EXCUSE! Irie Ites has been making more and more of their catalogue available digitally and buried in ALLLLL of those riddims is Pack Up & Leave, arguably the greatest piece of work they have ever done. Pack Up & Leave was an album which so many people missed out on, some of which have even heard Ras Mac Bean's name since then. If you were such a person then you missed a formal introduction to an artist who you may someday NEED to know. Pushing more and more vibes from Irie Ites and across the world, the jetlagged Ras Mac Bean should he voice more may DIRECTLY follow in the steps of Natural Black, consistently making hit records. Now if we could only send him a plane ticket to Jamaica. . . Very well done.
`Simply' making it as an artist in the current packed and ever growing era of modern Reggae music can be hard enough without certain other factors playing a role. Taking one's talents and combining them with the proper opportunity to not just score a hit or two but to actually DEVELOP as an artist and continue to capture the imagination of the masses is quite difficult task, in and of itself, but there have been quite a few artists who have had more than just these typical obstacles standing against them in recent memory. There are, of course, downright COUNTLESS examples of artists believed and regarded as sounding SO MUCH like another (generally more popular) artist that people simply have problems gaining access to their music because they don't receive proper credit for singing the songs they actually sing. For example, I can't tell you how many times I've been asked the question, "Have you heard Luciano's new tune?", and upon hearing said new tune, I do discover that while it is in fact NEW, it isn't actually Luciano and is, instead, Bushman, Natty King or another baritone voiced Roots Reggae singer whose catalogue, partially, is forever doomed to be attributed to someone who is not themselves. In my mind, that would also make the accomplishments of Bushman, Natty King, Prince Malachi and the likes even more impressive as, even if you are able to differentiate them amongst themselves and The Messenjah, you would have to admit that they definitely serve a very similar purpose and their `making it' would have an increased importance because of it. And the same could be said for artists in the position of the artist in question in this review, who have to, for one reason or another, spend their careers virtually in the shadow of another artist either because they came through  the same channels as that artist, or even if they're related to them. Of course the PRIME example of this would be ANYONE choosing to make Reggae music in this day and age who would be equally `cursed' and `blessed' with the surname Marley. To be forever NATURALLY compared to the King of the music that you make definitely carries some sort of weight to it, even before you ever set foot into a studio. There are other examples such as (Little) Kirk Davis, older brother to Beenie Man who has to now play second fiddle to his superstar brother; Junior Cat who did VERY well for himself despite being the brother of one of the most talented artists the Dancehall has ever seen, Super Cat and countless others who have to go through more than just worrying about jumping on a big riddim to get their break out moment.So what if someone had to do it twice? Such is the rather unusual case of one Spanner Banner, who not only wasn't affected by two of his brothers' downright ASTRONOMICAL rise to top of the game (at two different times) but seemed to actually revel in and THRIVE under those conditions. Initially busting on the scene with a few different hits (I think the biggest of which was probably Chill, which would ultimately become the title for his second album) Spanner Banner often performed on shows headlined by his elder brother Pliers, of internationally popular Chaka Demus & Pliers fame. Looking back at those older pieces, Spanner sounded and even LOOKED a great deal like his brother, yet, his OBVIOUS TALENT was what ultimately gained him a big following (even to the point where he signed a deal with a major label for a time in the States, Island) and, not to be overlooked, the fact that his talent was so great at the time that his biggest accomplishment was a tune that he wasn't even known for singing, Tease Me, which Pliers and Demus would adopt and turn into a MASSIVE international hit. And after a few years of being consistent with his style, very much a young Mr. Loverman type, Banner would assume a roll in the music where, although not the most popular name on the scene, not rising to the levels of a Sanchez, Wayne Wonder or  the likes, but being WELL regarded by those who knew his name and appreciated his music. THEN, as coincidence would have it, another brother of his, Richie Spice (who I think Banner is older than), who was making music all the while, eventually CAUGHT FIRE and became a virtual living, breathing WAREHOUSE of hits as everything he brought out caught on with an audience. Having gone through that, even to this day, Spice's name remains one of the most sought after in Roots Reggae and it just so happens that it coincides with a bit of a `return' of sorts for Spanner Banner as he, who hasn't had an album in eight years by my count (since 2001's kind of `funky' sounding Real Love for Heartbeat), now returns with his (again, by my count) fourth studio project, the potentially popular, I'm A Winner. Spanner Banner did continue making tunes throughout that time between albums and it just so happens (yet another coincidence) that his actual style seemed to have kind of drifted between the Mr. Loverman approach (I.e. Pliers' style) to now, a more MATURED and Roots sound (I.e. Richie Spice's style). The story behind I'm A Winner is also VERY interesting. The album comes via Bonner Cornerstone Music (and is distributed through Zojak, which is a very popular move these days) which is about as much of a `family business' as you can have. The family name here being Bonner and the label which supposedly was established around fifteen years ago for the purpose of promoting and releasing Spanner Banner's (and family) music and career, now tangibly does just that. The Bonner Cornerstone label also received a boost about a year ago as Spice himself left former home base label, Fifth Element, to `return' his official business to his family's imprint. I wasn't honestly looking VERY much forward to I'm A Winner as, although I definitely and acknowledge Spanner Banner's talent, it doesn't typically translate well on an album and I can't recall being overly impressed with any of his album releases to date. HOWEVER, Banner has been making impressive vibes lately which is reflected on the album which ultimately fulfills on what it's title indicates.I may be one of the only ones who think this but I find Spanner Banner's vocal style to be quite a bit like Richie Spice's. His tones are usually higher (and his range is much greater than Spice's) but still quite similar to his brother's and when you're trying to make Roots music, like much of I'm A Winner, that's a good thing. Getting things started on Spanner Banner's new album is one of the more familiar selections on the album altogether and, thankfully, one of the best also, Solid As A Rock. The tune comes across Arif Cooper's now CLASSIC Guardian Angel riddim from a couple of years back and it was definitely one of the more overlooked pieces on that STACKED riddim but it may have been a sleeper as well. It's just a very nice tune altogether and an EXCELLENT opener for I'm A Winner. Net up is a perhaps even more familiar tune to us and to the Bonner family as well for that matter, One Love. Richie Spice scored a MAMMOTH shot on the same riddim which backs One Love, Don Corleon's PEERLESS Heavenly and although Banner doesn't reach the heights of his brother's effort on the riddim, Brown Skin, One Love is still a BIG tune for the album and I can't honestly say that I EVER remember hearing this thing really, making it, like the opener, a real sleeper of a tune. And finally, ending the opening of I'm A Winner is a tune which I'm sure I've never heard but may is definitely one of the best tunes on the album and may just be the strongest of the first three, the classically vibed Everything. This thing is just SWEET ! At its core, Everything is a BIG praising tune for His Majesty (though, wonderfully, not the biggest such tune on the album) and I'd really like to see it get some type of a push to the more MATURE listeners as I'm sure it could really catch on with that crowd. Very nice opening on a rootical tone.If you just keep I'm A Winner rolling through sequentially, the next tune you'll come to following Everything is my choice for the album's biggest effort altogether, the EPIC Jah Is Merciful. Even given Richie Spice's top notch catalogue, were he to have sung this song it would STILL rank quite high on his list and for Spanner Banner? It's probably the most powerful tune I have EVER heard him sing. Period. Reggae heads will probably recognize a few (STRONG) tunes (or riddims) on the balance of I'm A Winner also. Such a tune would definitely be the very nice Angels Around Me across Kemar McGregor's DOMINANT Rub-A-Dub riddim. Again, the tune didn't receive much attention but can lay a claim to being one of the better tunes across the riddim which birthed so many hit tunes including Richie Spice's MASSIVE Di Plane Land. Spanner Banner also reached the BIG Chemistry riddim from last year with his tune (Ain't Got) No Ties On Me and you'll find that same phenomenon going on that he may have had one of the better tunes on the riddim, but the lion's share of the attention was placed on other tunes on it such as his brother's tune Street Life and most importantly, D'Angel's Strong hit. So if you weren't paying attention then, do it now. And you may also recognize the single from I'm A Winner, the very nice lover's piece, Rolling Stone. This tune came across Penthouse's DIVINE Automatic riddim and, unlike previous cases, it did actually receive quite a bit of spin and justly so. The Spanner Banner of old, in my mind, had he stayed with that pure loverman type of vibes would have grown to make tunes like Rolling Stone and it's just cool to see that now that he is older and more skilled, that he still can make tunes like this occasionally and score with them same way. Big tune. Some of the more unfamiliar tunes on I'm A Winner are also pretty good  and worth more than a few spins. Check the title tune which took a  few just to grow on me with its very unique vocal approach (he starts the tune potentially sounding like Jah Cure to go on to use this deep `talking' voice at times) and because of that unique approach you should give it a few spins because the star of the tune is DEFINITELY the wonderful message of pulling oneself up and really becoming a Winner in life. I also like the strangely unique Best Friend tune. This one goes on a few levels actually because Spanner Banner, to my ears, never REALLY names who is his Best Friend, thus its left to interpretation and, at times, it appears as if he's talking of his special woman, but from a mental aspect he could also be talking about The Almighty BUT he could simply be speaking of his actual best friend. Regardless the inspiration of tune, its very NICE and one of my favourites on I'm A Winner. Walkin' In Rhythm has a very serene type of vibes and even though its not really one of the best here, I still mention it simply because I could see that tune being the favourite for a lot of people given its kind of catchy type of vibes and its really NOT a bad song (none of the tunes on the album are).  I'm sure I recognize the tune Life from somewhere, or at least the riddim, but I can't quite pinpoint it. Still it's a very good song about just appreciating life and nature and more of the simple aspects of life (like LOVE). And it proves to be one of the better written tunes you'll find here along with its very nice sound. Life goes to help set the stage for the downright STRANGE She Groove Me (which I'll leave for you to decipher) and a tune which I KNEW would be on this album before even seeing the tracklist, Holiday which features Richie Spice as well as another Bonner brother Snatcha Dogg (a DJ). This tune also appeared on Spice's (best) album Spice In Your Life and is just a unifying tune from the brothers. Its certainly not the best tune you'll hear but they literally HAD to go in together on something and the not so bad Holiday is it and a not so bad ending for the album.Overall, I could say quite confidently that not only is I'm A Winner the best album Spanner Banner has EVER released, its also better than Richie Spice's last two albums also! If Bonner Cornerstone were looking for something SIGNIFICANT to propel themselves from an album standpoint, then I'm A Winner is a very good start. Musically speaking, its on point with  the STRONG Roots albums we've seen so far this year but specifically here what you're dealing with is an artist who has spent his entire career distinguishing himself from other artists (like his brothers) and that carries over well on I'm A Winner. Its just well done from beginning to end. This one is recommended to all fans, new and old, of modern Roots Reggae and I'm interested to hear what comes next from Spanner Banner as although he gets outshined by his more popular siblings; between me and you - He may just be the most SKILLED of the bunch.
I think it is a cool album, just listen to it more than once and you will like it. It is different. ;)
I saw them at a bar in Chillicothe, OH right after this CD came out so I bought the CD at that show not through amazon.  Listening to them live is awesome!  They are one of those bands who, in my opinion, really step it up in their live shows.  But since you can't just pack up and follow them wherever they go buy this CD.  It's the next best thing.  Then make sure you go see them when they are in your town!
This is a nice collection and Flip McDiarmid is not the only or even one of the artists! Here is the correct listing of artists and titles:1. Kawika by Peter Moon & the Cazimero Brothers2. Beautiful Kaua`i by Kawai Cockett3. Morning Dew by Loyal Garner4. Paoakalani by Charles K.L. Davis5. `Alika by Genoa Keawe6. Honesakala by Eddie Kamae & The Sons of Hawaii7. Pua Lililehua by the Kahauanu Lake Trio8. Honolulu by Palani Vaughn9. Sushi by Ohta-San10. Drinking Champagne by Myra English11. Blue Darling by Tony Lindsey12. Kalama`ula by Nina Kealiiwahamana13. Laupahoehoe by Bill Kaiwa14. Pupu A O Ewa / Pearly Shells by Don Ho15. He Hawai`i Au by The Cazimero Brothers & Peter Moon16. Ka Uluwehi O Ke Kai by Edith Kanaka`ole17. Panini Puakea by Gabby Pahinui with the Sons Of Hawaii18. When It's Time To Go by Kui Lee
i watched him play live a few months ago and i really loved his strong voice and to my surprise, he was on amazon!!! Amazon u Rock!!
I'm about to purchase many songs off of this CD.  I play the piano and enjoy listening to others who love the instrument.  Mr. Hechavarria makes it sound simple.  That said, his fingers roll over the keys in way that makes the keyboard sound like his playground; it must be true that the keys have become one together and flow from his fingertips.  Heck, he plays the way I wish I could...This is a delightful CD.  Take a listen and you'll understand what I mean.
I was hoping this would be the actual vinyl version that I was brought up on, but it seems to be an incomplete compilation.  Sad, because I'm used to all of the original tracks in its proper tracking order.  Verdeales, Gitaneras and Andaluza and La Emperaora are the only tunes from that original release (where are the rest?).
Some of Driis's music is hit or miss for me, but this song is a winner. While it has a standard (but pleasing) laid back reggae beat, "Please Be True" is lyrically refreshing--something woefully lacking in music today. Plus, I really love his voice on this track. Very mellow, yet heartfelt. The occasional accent of strings are a nice touch and sound really good, especially when driving in a vehicle with a decent system. Great work, Driis!
Although opinions tend to differ quite greatly on the topic, I myself am someone who feels than a Reggae artist's career, in some shape or another, should ultimately lead him/her to an album. Not just because people like me like to write about them, but, as someone who used to live for a decade or so in an area where the music was all but completely unavailable (a place called Detroit in the States), I can attest to the fact than an album GREATLY helps promote an artist to the international world and even sometimes locally. While Caribbean people are notorious for not purchasing albums, if you are someone who can impress the scene locally with an album and then present it to the international world, the likelihood that your album will impress them as well is all but guaranteed. Thus, I find it rather strange that SO MANY of our artists emerging in a certain time frame have a distinction of either not having any album to their credit or just having one or two, despite registering careers well more than a decade old. this is the case particularly in the Dancehall where albums over the past five years or so seem to be either reserved for the TRULY top notch artists, the odd and unusual one-offs from labels we'll probably never hear from again or, of course, the mighty popular and ever-present Japanese market these days. So we have so many (some of them) talented Dancehall DJ's and singers who have yet to be FORMALLY introduced to foreign ears and attentions. Artists like Roundhead (who apparently had a deal with VP Records for quite awhile which never produced anything), (the not so talented) Danny English, Angel Doolas and Gringo (aka Don Mafia) have yet to have album releases (at least not to knowledge) despite the fact that most of them are either already or pretty much so, household names on the local Dancehall scene, have been for quite awhile and rather frequently at one point or another appeared on many of the big Dancehall and Reggae compilations. I could even go further with names like Predator (thankfully), Kid Kurrupt (two victims of the apparent indecisiveness of Greensleesves Records), EVERY other member of the once famed Dutty Cup Crew which birthed Sean Paul (of which Kurrupt is a member also), Zumjay, Desperado, Mr. Peppa, Calico and the list goes on and on of artists who came around even later who didn't actually make it to the level of an album release. Of course some are more surprising than others but you would have simply thought that by the sheer number of albums once being released (and the list of those who HAVE had albums and aren't at the top level is arguably LESS impressive than those who haven't in terms of quality and skill) for the Dancehall. Is it a matter of overlooking them or simply them not being so fortunate as their peers? Who knows?What we do know is that here and there we seem to STILL, fortunately be dealing with many such artists, some of whom, even today are pursuing avenues to get their DEBUT albums out to the masses. Just last year we saw the WICKEDLY CREATIVE Madd Anju release his debut album, Madd Bwoy Anju which was ultimately pretty well received. Likewise, back in 2007 we saw longtime Dancehall DJ/producer veteran Delly Ranx go foreign with his Japanese released debut album, Break Free. This allows those two artists to join the likes of Silver Cat, Frisco Kid and a few others in that same pack in terms of years who have released but a single album (and Delly is already at work on his follow-up to Break Free). But, hey, it's a start. Well, now the wheels of progression are allowing yet another veteran Dancehall artist the opportunity to make his own well overdue debut on an album owning his and his name alone, Harry Toddler. Once belonging to a WELL regarded pack of artists owing their presence to Bounty Killer by the name of the Scare Dem Crew, Harry Toddler is a name which has been around from approximately 1992 or so as an up and coming DJ to look forward to. Having entered the once might Scare Dem alongside a virtually revolving door of members with the core being himself, loud voiced singer Nitty Kutchie (who has at least one solo album himself), the world's most agitated old looking young man Boom Dandimite and, of course, the incomparable Elephant Man. The group had an album of their own, the now cult-classic like Scared From The Crypt way back in 1999. Since then, having gone their own ways as solo artists, although rather sparingly (and CAREFULLY) coming back together through the years, none of the members outside of Elephant Man have managed to have much success outside of the occasional hit. Ele having become the Dancehall STAR many would have predicted from the very ODD Seaview Gardens native. Now, after having watched Nitty Kutchie release his album, Jah Deliver me, back in 2005, Harry Toddler brings forth his own debut, Info for the fine people at Down Sound Records who have a bit of history with Toddler and Scare Dem likewise (and you Boom Dandimite fans out there, all 17 of you, have to continue to wait unfortunately). Harry Toddler didn't just all of a sudden reach out with an album having spent the years since the basic fall of Scare Dem sitting around his house, instead, Info comes as a result of a basically `cashing in' type of strategy (something several of these artists who haven't had albums have failed to do) by Toddler and Down Sound as he has managed to perform a career rebirth of nearly EPIC proportions over the past year or so. He even managed, at this relatively advanced stage of his career to score on the local charts as well and do so multiple times. All of that has gone into making Info a pretty well anticipated project in Dancehall circles amongst the hardest of hardcore Dancehall heads. I myself have never really been too keen on Harry Toddler, but I have even found this release a bit difficult to ignore and obviously I picked it up. Info certainly isn't the best Dancehall album you'll ever hear and nor is Harry Toddler the most talented DJ you'll ever hear but it definitely has more than just it's fair share of its momentsIn terms of style Harry Toddler is most frequently compared to (DUH) Elephant Man and while I do hear a bit of style similar to a more laid back and old school version of the Energy God, another artist I hear quite a bit of in Toddler is Assassin. He lacks the overall talent and skill (and APPEAL) of both, but that is the direction he comes from with, as I said, a bit old school 'flare' to him as well. Getting things started on his debut album, Info, which should have been released a decade a go is one of the two big tunes which have marked Harry Toddler's return (can I call it a return if he's better than he ever was?) to prominence, More Money from Down Sound. Grudge him if you must but More Money is BIG. I won't even say that it's one of my favourite Harry Toddler tunes and maybe not even on this album but you have to recognize the wordplay on the tune which is undoubtedly the driving force behind its successes. Big opening. Next up is definitely one of my favourites from Info and Toddler, the LARGE Don't Run In, Toddler's cut of the MIGHTY Gear Box Riddim from Truck Back Productions from 2007. Don't Run In is nearly special and you can still see what I mean by he has an old school flare to him as it isn't anything along the lines of what Erup did with the riddim with his crazy (but WICKEDLY effective) style on his hit Click Mi Finger or even what Beenie Man or T.O.K ended up doing with the riddim. The tune is just straight forward Dancehall djaying and in my opinion is the best tune you'll find on Info altogether. Toddler continues to make me look bad for still calling him average on Nuh Man To Mi Ears which closes the opening to info. This tune is a very CLEVER tune announcing exactly where Toddler's allegiances and interests lie and in whom. It's kind of oddly vibed for what it is but its high powered nature, thankfully, doesn't take away from it's appeal. All in all you couldn't have hoped for better to start Info.Info is pretty much `littered' with popular tunes or potentially popular tunes released by Toddler recently. Besides the two openers (two number one tunes) are songs like the WICKED Lue which is an, at times hilarious, play on words. To say it plain and simple: I didn't know Harry Toddler could do such things with a tune and he's showing on tunes like Lue a skill level previously void of. . . him. Dresser Bag is another one. While not ascending to the heights of it's predecessor (Lue), it still represents quite well and does so across Scatta's SCATHING relick of his own hit riddim, the Martial Arts, with the Self Defense. The adorably big mouthed and voiced Pamputtae checks in on a tune I really don't even like, Rich Gal, but it's ultimately worth hearing as ANYTHING the purposefully WELL overstated Pamputtae reaches is at the very least, noteworthy and perhaps Toddler can return the favour later in `09 or in 2010 when Pamputtae gives us her own debut album. Another tune I'm very familiar with before going into Info is Nuh Tearing which is easily one of the best here. The tune HILARIOUSLY makes fun of the beggars of the world (and those more local) and does so across Jam 2's EXCELLENT and old school tinged Record Shop riddim which almost perfectly compliments Toddler. Speaking of excellent riddims, on the following tune, Pon Wi, another clever shot, although of a very stereotypical nature at times, is downright BLESSED by being accompanied by Ward 21's Dutty Water riddim. And, were that not enough, Toddler's go at TJ's MASSIVE Unfinished Business riddim, Hypocrite (aka Real Friends), is also included and features some SERIOUSLY high level djaying, particularly on the tune's second verse. Besides Pamputtae, Toddler also links more than a couple old friends to join in on Info. The first to make an appearance is Ele himself who joins his old spar on the tune acknowledging those who are no longer with us, Memories. I've heard quite a bit of talk regarding the song and as much as I kind of even cringe typing it: I just don't like it. I don't like the kind of overpowering direction it goes in and typically we expect something quite a bit more solemn for such a tune and certainly not something a beat or two from being dance floor worthy which is exactly what the electric vibes of Memories prove to be. The rest of the group files in after Ele who returns as well on the BIG Scare Dem Alliance which is a tune between just that - Scare Dem Crew & The Alliance. Amongst those making appearances throughout are Toddler himself, Ele, Mavado throughout, Busy Signal, Nitty Kutchie and, of course Bounty himself amongst others. To my ears, the man of the hour, Bounty, with his two crews, steals the show although both Mavado and later Busy Signal can lay claim to that honour as well (the two have a brief part later in the tune). BIG tune which was quite popular also and appears first and only to my knowledge on Toddler's album although you can expect it to return should Bounty's album see the light of day in 2009 (and it should). Still, perhaps an even stronger and definitely more unexpected combination comes in next as Toddler exclaims his newly minted `Blond Ras' moniker more than just a phrase on the tune Vegetarian on which he is joined WONDERFULLY by Anthony B over a BIG one-drop (which I'm sure I know from somewhere) on what proves to be one of Info's lesser looked at highlights and best tunes at the same time. And speaking of best tunes, Harry Toddler takes his shot at Down Sound's acoustic vibed Prophet riddim with his tune Pray Fi Dem. I have a hard time with this song because, in and of itself, it's a pretty nice song but given so much of the vanity material before it and the violent Scare Dem Alliance, it's kind of hard to reason it's presence, however, as I said, big tune still (and I'll say the same of an earlier tune for the women, Super Woman). And heading down the stretch he builds on that vibes directly with the conscious Nuh More Killing, one for the old school heads as it comes over a lick of the class Gunman riddim. Nuh More Killing sets the stage for the closer, Safe Travel, which addresses the crazy auto accidents in Jamaica and drunk and generally careless driving. This tune received (and deservedly so) a great deal of attention because of many ATROCIOUS incidents on the island. I don't even judge a song like this for it's audible APPEAL but more for its NECESSITY and I can actually stand firm in saying that Safe Travel has HELPED and such a song's presence helps any album on which it appears and closes said album on a wonderfully high note.Overall, I'm almost stuck with this one because I expected SO MUCH to not like it and just kind of have a generally lackadaisical feel about it but that's not the case. In 2009 so far Mad Cobra has dropped what is the UNDISPUTED number one Dancehall albums of the year and it was that way before Info and after Info, it's still that way, however, Harry Toddler does A LOT better than many, myself included my have figured. I can relatively recommend his Info album to a kind of a broad audience of `modern fans of Dancehall' but I have to clarify it a bit: Info is ONLY for those fans. If you're a new fan, you probably won't enjoy it very much at all because Harry Toddler's style, even when he tries to change it, is so inherently Dancehall vibed. However, if you are that crazy and hardcore Dancehall head, you won't LOVE Info, but I can all but guarantee if you're sitting there saying how much you're tired of hearing Harry Toddler's name and how he is an average DJ at best (like I was) then much like he, himself, did on the local Dancehall scene in 2008, Harry Toddler's album will creep up on you and you'll probably like what you get.
I love to party to this CD.It's half early Santana and half newer material.Both are done very well.Great guitar player.He shreads on the one non latin blues track.If you like latin rock this is for you.
This is a nice update of some classics, the quality is a little off for such a new recording, but overall it is a good buy.The MP3 credit I recieved when I placed this order was really confusing to access, a little more information regarding how to access the credits would be a good thing. Why offer it if you can't get it, it makes me wonder.
I find myself rather often speaking about the growing crop of Reggae artists who seemingly have lost their ways and have not really been fulfilling on the obvious potential that they have shown in the past. This growing phenomenon is quite a concern, particularly because many of these artists don't actually see a dip in terms of their status (that is, provided that they haven't reached the ABSOLUTE height of the game), thus they have no real reason to change, or even attempt to change, because their fan base hasn't dipped despite the fact that their vibes have become noticeably STALE. However, giving credit where it's due I do feel that its definitely worth mentioning artists who have, in one way or another, either redefined themselves or just downright IMPROVED their vibes to the point where they can either RETURN to a status they once enjoyed or enjoy said status for the very first time. A PRIME comparable example to the artist in question here would DEFINITELY be the Brett Favre-ish like retiring Mr. Vegas who, although I was never really a big fan of his, seemed to re-identify himself midway through his career and, in doing so, allow him to assume a status CONSISTENTLY which he only previously seemed to enjoy whenever he had a big tune out. On the international scene Vegas enjoyed (and probably still enjoys) a very respected status and quietly is probably one of the more in demand Dancehall artists specifically in the world. Another example would be [Baby] Cham who definitely has one of the oddest setups in the game today as he only seems to leave the comfort of Sherlock Crescent every once in awhile and almost every time when he does he AUTOMATICALLY turns his career to a direction. In sports terms, Baby Cham would have the highest batting average of probably any artist as almost every time he TRIES to score a hit, he does, however, the frustratingly unnecessary gaps in between `at bats' give him a new image almost every time he chooses to say hello. Others would be artists like Ce'Cile whose newfound fame with the Danger Zone crew has FINALLY given her a platform befitting someone of her UNDENIABLE skill set; as well as two elder artists Mykal Rose and Junior Reid (another Danger Zone member) who have managed not to REDEFINE themselves actually, insomuch as they have simply UPDATED themselves and in doing so have proven that youths of today can have ears and attentions for GOOD music, regardless of the age of the artist.There are also other artists who have righted themselves, albeit on a smaller and much more gradual scale. A pretty good example of someone like this would be someone like Assassin or Busy Signal, who REALLY now seem to exemplify what I mean when I say IMPROVE as they have they have hit their strides now. Of course you'd only know that if you're REALLY a hardcore Dancehall head and another and perhaps even more gradual example would be the case of the once mighty and soon to be mighty again Ward 21. Much like Assassin coming up with Vybz Kartel and Busy coming with Aidonia and Mavado, Ward 21's rise to power virtually mirrored (in terms of time frame, not steps taken) that of another then up and coming group, T.O.K. While that group was always the more flashy and popular actually (to be honest) of the two by virtue of dancing on stage with routines and such and actually having a (good) singer Ward 21 was none of that. The Ward was grimy! They didn't have a singer, they didn't dance and they really didn't seem to care how popular they were either and in doing so and in being so they attained quite a bit of attention. It is also interesting to note that they ended up at a label in Greensleeves which was thought to be harder and more edgier than their then main rival VP Records (who now owns them), who was thought to be more clean cut and flashy and more popular. Unsurprisingly, VP would sign up T.O.K. Ward 21 would release two albums with Greensleeves, their well received debut Mentally Disturbed in 2001 and the also pretty well received U Know How We Roll two years later. That's when things got pretty strange for the Ward. After the U Know How We Roll album, Ward 21, like Predator, like Kid Kurrupt, like Vybz Kartel and like Macka Diamond and whoever else were signed to the label at the time began to reportedly have issues with Greensleeves who seemed intent on releasing a ridiculous amount of various compilations FAR more than albums from their own artists (I think Kid Kurrupt and Predator may actually STILL be signed with Greensleeves, despite the fact that neither has had an album of any note go international to this point) and being careful to make sure that they released an annual album from Sizzla Kalonji (who wasn't signed officially). They went international with their next album the AWFUL King Of The World which sounded like an album years past its proper release date. They also seemed to take a little bit of a break. As part of the legendary King Jammy's camp, they also dealt with production and in doing so have aided their `comeback' in such an easier way as they have been doing BIG productions and bring forth BIG artists like Mr. Peppa (who they, in my opinion developed) and most recently a whole heap of female artists who they have been working with, most popularly the very well regarded Timberlee of Bubble Like Soup fame. Having set their sights straight on the production and behind the scenes side, Ward 21 now returns with their very own project, their fourth album to date, the appropriately titled Genesis. The album comes via German label DHF and it actually is a typical Dancehall album in the sense that it is basically a compilation of some of the Ward's more recent work with some more newer material thrown in. It goes without saying that they didn't recapture what they did with either of their first two albums on Genesis in my opinion, however they blow King Of The World out of the water and, perhaps more importantly lay the groundwork for a future befitting artists of their well decorated past.One thing the hardcore heads will notice IMMEDIATELY is the fact that Ward 21 has lost a bit of weight judging by the cover. No Mean Dogg didn't go on a diet (and Kunley for that matter has apparently been eating quite well) but seemingly gone (at least from site) is the youthful and rather controversial Rumblood. His old group mates don't seem to miss his presence very much (I THINK I hear him on the album actually, insofar as I can tell them apart vocally) beginning their fourth album, Genesis, as they get things going with three very familiar efforts. First is their cut of the ADDICTIVELY HARD Drumline riddim from a couple of years back. Even though  the riddim was best known as one of a growing battlefield of riddims for Mavado v Kartel, the Ward definitely hit it pretty hard, as is their custom with the ultra tight vibes to get things going for Genesis. Garrison is up next over Natural Bridges BIG Gully Slime riddim. This tune I don't think I actually liked at first but it surely sounds better with a year or two since last I've heard it. I still won't call it amongst the class of Genesis but it's suitable and that riddim is WICKED, one of the most underrated of the last few years or so definitely. The violent but ADDICTIVE Gully Gun ends the opening of the album in a pretty nice way. The tune comes across Jam 2's KNOCKING Sidewalk University (which sounds like something they, themselves, would have produced with that heavy edge to it (and they just might have)). This one IS definitely one of the better tunes you'll find on Genesis altogether and although its age definitely comes into question, I was happy to see it appear on Genesis as a GOOD tune, unlike what happened on King Of The World. All in all, a nice, albeit too familiar beginning for the album.The vibes on Genesis definitely change and become newer (or at least less familiar) after the opening. One tangible way in which they change is with a  few nice combinations, one of which is MASSIVE and proves to be Genesis' definitive highlight. The first two combinations, Dutty Life and Diss Badman feature the Ward alongside impressive singer Eggy. Dutty Life is interesting because it was originally released (I THINK) on the Shoot Out riddim last year but here, it appears in a slightly changed version. Dis Badman, definitely the stronger of the two, is across the WICKED Taxi riddim (Buju's Driver A) and the old school vibed Eggy compliments the Ward very well on the old school sounding gunman tune. Ward 21 also brings in their ladies with two songs, the HILARIOUS Give It Up and, of course, Cookie Jar. Timberlee guests on Give It Up which is a highlight certainly as it features a FUNNY back and forth with Kunley I believe it is who has written other such funny tunes for the group like Rhyme and its sequel. You MIGHT like Cookie Jar but I hate that song. Its not very good and it will frustratingly stay in your head FOREVER. Avoid it all costs! And I'll skip to Real Badman which features longtime Ward spar Elephant Man and is another remake of an older tune (across the 18 Geez riddim), this one over the Ward's own Dutty Water riddim. I MIGHT prefer the18 Geez version (that riddim was CRAZY), but this one definitely isn't very far behind. Now, if you remember all that talk about T.O.K I pushed in the beginning, well the biggest  tune on Genesis just happens to be a combination between two groups (which I don't remember hearing before), Funeral Spot which is MASSIVE! This one has been impressing me since the first time I heard awhile back and it definitely is more on the Ward's vibes but with the flare that T.O.K adds (such as the aforementioned singer for the chorus) the tune is a bonafide guilty Dancehall pleasure and I'm not ashamed! You shouldn't be either, you'll love it. There are more than couple highlights when the Ward is left on their own as well. Check the ridiculous Brown Eyes Bleed, an herbalist tune (DUH), which sounds so stupid but I like the thing so much and it leads into the latter stage of  the album which is very well done. Check LU which contains some of the more impressive straight djaying you'll hear on the album across a bouncingly POUNDING vibes. This one is definitely one of my favourites here as it has that signature Ward 21 slightly `off' vibes. You'll have to wait for Timberlee's own album for Bubble Like Soup (again) but you can hear the Ward put it's riddim, the Rae riddim (which they produced), through its paces on the decent Here I Come. I used to REALLY like this song but I've played it well into the ground at this point but if you haven't heard it yet, you will like almost guaranteed. Those two tunes help set the stage for the two very interesting closers on Genesis Rock The Spot and Mommy. Rock The Spot is (I GUESS) the single for the album (they made a video for it) with the European label Rich Vibes (we need more Euro labels doing Dancehall). This one will take a little while to grow on you. It isn't at all odd that with the kind of `light' nature of the tune that they chose to voice it as it sounds like something Ward 21 would do on their own so it isn't SO FAR gone but, seriously, that is one strange sounding tune. And the atypical, yet predictable, Mommy ends things. Even crazies like Ward 21 love their Mothers and they manage, here and there, to throw in quite a bit of themselves into the vibes. Its not one of my favourites here but you have to be insane if you think I'm about to criticize a Mother's tune. Perhaps the most unusual (for them) ending for an album which is TYPICALLY unusual in Genesis for Ward 21.Overall, we don't register things like this in terms of Dancehall/Reggae music because albums aren't always the goal but seriously in terms of albums you have to give Ward 21 credit for coming back as they did. With all the things going on behind the scenes, the remaining members Suku, Kunley and Mean Dog have, in Genesis, something which can definitely help them on the international scene as their local reputation seemingly grows by the month. I will say that for absolute hardcore Dancehall heads, you'll fret (as we always do) over the lack of much new material but Genesis isn't for you is it. This one is more likely to be appreciated for the newer fans out there as it features a SOMEWHAT matured and toned down version of Ward 21 who have apparently began again their ascension  in the last few years with Genesis standing as the tangible definitive point. One of the best Dancehall albums of 2009.
The songwriters of el guapo y los reyes del desierto have some very impressive artists performing their work showing a great variety of style.Miguel AlvarezMiami, Florida
You'll have to forgive me for literally falling over the youth artists who come up and show themselves to be TRULY talented because for me personally, musically speaking, there is no greater aspect of Reggae music. With the same old, same old artists, of course, the genre wouldn't survive now would it break out any as those artists who are already around and have been for quite sometime, while they aren't COMPLETELY shut out, the majority of them have achieved what they are going to achieve, at least from a popularity standpoint (they all, of course, are still `threats' to release big tunes at the drop of a hat). Not only that, but its also very interesting to look back on an artist's career to see just how they have arrived to the point where they currently exist. My best example currently is DEFINITELY Assassin. Watching the STILL youthful (just turned 26) Papine native develop throughout his years in the game has been an UTTER JOY. Previously overshadowed by more popular `classmate' Vybz Kartel, Assassin, although he has steered clear (for the most part) the levels of infamy of Kartel now is EASILY one of the most, if not THE most, consistent top notch artist in all of the Dancehall. From his now much improved and streamlined performances and a REFINED bag of lyrics (I can't tell you how many times I heard his talent referred to as RAW when he was coming up, that's not the case anymore AT ALL) Assassin, within a couple of years' time or so may prove to be THE next King of The Dancehall when Beenie Man abdicates the throne. Similarly, on the roots side, of course, the artist with which I have been most impressed has been Lutan Fyah. Once thought of as being just a LOVELY song writer, although struggling with his somewhat mechanical delivery; Lutan Fyah has become an artist who still has a GLARING strength in terms of his lyrics where he is virtually unrivaled in my opinion outside of Sizzla Kalonji AND he has significantly developed a rather mellow but serviceable singing voice which adds a much needed avenue of MELODY to his vibes. There are also other relative newbies like Queen Ifrica who was honestly WELL average and unimpressive the very first time I heard her but shows no sign of those things today as EVERY tune she voices becomes a potential hit; Bugle, who I'm very interested in watching develop as currently he is making the Dancehall into his own personal psychiatric treatment session. Someday, sooner than later, THESE will be the dominant names in the game and if you haven't already, its time you got used to it.However, before you get TOO comfortably I have yet another name or two you might want to look at it first. Check I-Octane who belongs in the same category as Munga Honourable (although farther on the roots side than Munga, clearly) who is going about energizing a genre with a VERY fresh take on the roots scene and he came up making his `case' alongside the artist in question here, St. Mary native, Teflon. Between I-Octane and Teflon there is probably enough SKILL to do major damage in any arena of Reggae music as both show promise in either the roots and Dancehall arenas. The two grew in the game together and released the HUGE local hit, Gun Rise a from a couple of years back and while I think, ultimately I-Octane may prove to be the more popular artist between the two, Teflon's SKILL is something which will keep him relevant if all else fails (and it won't) as he is every bit as talented as any young Dancehall or Roots Reggae `prospect' on the scene today. At his core, however, Teflon is a roots artist with most of his music (especially these days) staying well within those boundaries but he makes his vibes with SUCH an edge that its clear that he has a developed ear for the Dancehall and its also clear that the youth (and when I say youth, I mean YOUTH. I've met Teflon face to face before and seriously if he didn't open his mouth, he could pass for a fifteen or sixteen year old youth easily) is one of the very first artists of substance to arrive on the scene having grown up listening to the likes of Sizzla and Capleton (as opposed to someone like Lutan Fyah, who may actually be even older than Kalonji but DEVELOPED while Teflon would have been growing). Like the two big time artists, young Teflon is a fire breathing Bobo full of lyrics upon lyrics and even closer to Sizzla: He may not be the most personable artist you'll find, but his focus seems to be FIRMLY set on the music and he definitely is showing the fruits of his hard work, now currently one of the most voiced talents in Jamaica for some of the roots scene and the Dancehall's most well known producers. That being said, it does seem a little early for someone to run out an album bearing the name, Teflon (because honestly I didn't think such a thing would be a seller) but that is exactly what Tad's Records has done in early 2009 with Motherless Child, the debut album from Teflon. The well respected US based Tad's is a label who is obviously back on point following a couple of years seemingly absent from the game having released Motherless Child after doing Cocoa Tea's Yes We Can album, with singer Terry Linen's third album loaded and ready to come next as well as being OFFICIALLY in charge of quite a few new tunes internationally, including Vybz Kartel and Spice`s hit tune, Ramping Shop (AND they also handle distribution for Danger Zone, which directly makes them responsible for albums from Ce'cile and Jah Cure). Between Teflon and I-Octane I would have never guessed that Teflon would release his project first (even though I think I recall him taking about it sometime earlier last year in an interview), however, I do feel that I-Octane is probably headed for a VP Records type of deal. Whatever the case, Teflon makes his point first on the WELL packed Motherless Child, an album which proves him able to carry vibes on his own throughout and simultaneously one of the strongest young voices in Reggae music today.Motherless Child is built on several previous singles, most of which I haven't heard before and is just outstanding throughout. First to stand out is what is by my count the album's only official combination, the WICKED A Day Like This alongside ST. ANN'S(!) singer Chezidek. When dealing with combinations from Chezidek (and the rest of his music as well for that matter) you're really playing hit or miss because of his voice. Luckily that Martian style of voicing blends very nice alongside Teflon's pulsing type of flow. The tune has a very inspirational vibes at times showing that there is HOPE in dark times and the opener here gives a lot to start things off. One of the album's finest. Teflon goes in for his first solo voyage next with the very well done When Will The People. This tune comes in EASY and, if you're really paying attention, it becomes a bit of a changeup and a very welcome one. Not the typical fire-breathing Teflon, but one still well in control giving a top notch message across top notch lyrics throughout the tune. Next up is a tune which was honestly a bit of a let down, the title track, which is kind of an odd and bluesy sounding type of vibes which, at least to my ears, never really gets off the ground. The tune is an ode (of course) to Teflon's now deceased mother and extended family who cared for him as a youth and it's not BAD actually, but, thankfully, he makes an even stronger attempt later on in the album. Altogether a very strong and ultimately appropriate beginning for Motherless Child.Tad's is a label which, primarily, deals with the more MATURE side of the vibes so, naturally, Motherless Child would follow the more rootical and PERSONAL sides of Teflon's vibes. To my ears, it is when he gets PERSONAL on Motherless Child when he reaches his best. Such a tune is the downright STRANGE tune Momma which is an upgrade to the title track. Momma (aka Soldier), the previous single on Purple Skunk's old school Dancehall piece, the Shampoo Riddim, is STELLAR and I'm sure his Mother is well proud! Momma is only topped, to my opinion by two tunes in the middle of the album, which speak to Teflon's VERY controversial legal troubles. Free Up is first and is just nice in general and is a message to the youths who find themselves unfortunately locked up to keep their heads up because their freedom soon come. Then is the album's BIGGEST shot Jailhouse Rock which speaks to Teflon's own legal matters. He was arrested last year and soon after released Jailhouse Rock, apparently written in jail, which proved to be one of his biggest local hits to date. Teflon (deservedly so to my opinion) received so much criticism for his gun charge I believe it was and the literal response was Jailhouse Rock which SERIOUSLY make you think and puts you into such a situation even if you (like me) have no personal experience to draw on personally. MASSIVE TUNE. Again, as expectedly, Motherless Child is devoid of tunes like Gun Rise which was a far more hardcore track and one of his signature tunes to date, however, a couple of his others are present and do shine quite bright, Jah Jah Love. Probably the oldest tune on the album altogether Jah Jah Love was one of the first tunes to buss Teflon and to be honest I didn't like it originally, but it has well grown on me since then. It has a very nice chanting vibes to it and I love the laid back praise of His Majesty while still keeping relatively close to Teflon's current HIGH lyrical level. In a similar boat is the closer, Yard A Love which has since become the name of Teflon's own label. This one comes across the PIPING HOT and addictive old school Dancehall piece the Zee Drop riddim (RULED by Queen Ifrica's equally scorching Dance Floor). It is a tune like this on which you can REALLY tune into the artist lyrically. Speaking of lyrically, there's an earlier tune name Be Observant on which Teflon literally shows off with the amazing mental images he induces on the tune which encourages all to just take our time, speak less and pay attention more. Speaking of Encouraging (the transitions in this review are amazing aren't they???), following Be Observant is one of the heavier vibes on the album as Teflon delivers the rather understated Encourage You to Discourage You across Jam 2's KNOCKING Concrete riddim. I can't too much recall another tune on the riddim (I know there were some, I just can't remember them) but I'm sure this was the class on that one and it its slowly growing on me and rising amongst the class of Motherless Child to my ears as well. No Lies has a very nice old school vibes to it for what is basically a lover's tune. This is definitely an element to Teflon's game which he should work developing but it's still quite nice actually (he REALLY sounds a lot like Sizzla on this tune). Teflon goes I-Wayne-ish on the tune Life Ain't That Rough which outlines, for the most part, a rather rough sounding life description, but he later cleans up the edges. This tune has a very nice R&B; type of quality to the vibes, which is yet another style which Teflon comfortably adapts himself to, constructing his flow in more of a rappers cadence, rather than a Dancehall DJ's. BIG creativity there. Slave Master is a tune which has been getting a bit of attention since the album's release and as soon as it drops in you can see EXACTLY why. This one is another HEAVY piece, constructed over a highly COMPLEX riddim (love the nyah drum hidden in the back there) and the vibes here build to a crescendo on the tune which finds the more fiery brand of Teflon at times, riding the tune brilliantly throughout (even sounding like Buju at times). The tune Come Mek Wi Go Bun Dem Down is one of the showstoppers on Motherless Child altogether. Check that CLASSIC old school dubbish type of riddim which Teflon employs to back his equally nice sufferer's anthem, definitely not one to be missed and turn the speakers WAY up because when the riddim starts sparking all over the place, you can really lose sound of the vocals which are essential here. Teflon makes up for any so-so type of lover's tune with the LARGE Someone In Your Life, a big tune for the ladies and one for the couples as well (I'm spinning it now, my wife loves the tune). As the album winds down (FINALLY) a couple of surprises remain down the stretch. Probably the biggest of those is the EPIC Blow It Up, another jail type of story from Teflon which really kind of sneaks up on you! I LOVE this song. When it reaches the middle portion you really get that colourful side of Teflon I was just WISHING Tad's would unleash somewhere before the end of the album. MASSIVE tune, one of the best showings on the album. The other very welcome addition at the end is One Thing which rides superstar roots producer Kemar `Flava' McGregor's Rock Steady riddim (making Teflon the first artist to use the riddim on an album to my knowledge). One Thing was amongst the better tunes on the riddim and, again, it proves likewise to be one of the finer tunes on this well stuffed album, before the aforementioned Yard A Love sends things on their way.Overall, were you to picture an artist who has become a favourite for the best young roots producer in the game (Kemar McGregor) and simultaneously the best young Dancehall producer in the game (Stephen McGregor) (no relation) I think you would probably picture someone like Sizzla, Anthony B or maybe even Beenie Man, but not, its Teflon. Currently riding on the aforementioned Rock Steady riddim AND Big Ship's Advocate riddim simultaneously, Teflon's versatility is something SERIOUS. Now, that being said, it leads me to the largest critique of Motherless Child: Although it was to be expected, Tad's doesn't REALLY unleash the beast (large up Khiomal Nurse) that is Teflon on the album fully. The results of that work on several levels: the first being that Motherless Child is OUTSTANDING work, so it says quite a bit about the artist who doesn't give you his full hundred and still rinses so nicely; however, you also have to wonder what could have been had he been able to do just that and then you IMMEDIATELY have to look forward to the next release. It's also worth mentioning that, again as expected, Motherless Child is edited a bit with the tune Blow It Up suffering the most harm from the editor's axe (where literally spans of words at a time are just not there). All that being said, rating Teflon's debut Motherless Child as just that, a DEBUT and you simply cannot go wrong. This is slightly above ground level of development from an artist who is ALREADY one of the most talented and skillful writers that we have in all of Reggae music. It is recommended for all fans of modern Reggae and maybe even slightly the old school heads as well. Get on board of the Teflon bandwagon right now, before there simply is no more room left.
This is a skimpy, but decent overview of Italo Disco/pop star Sabrina's late 80s hits. Gives you the very essential, but not much more than that. But considering how hard it is to get these, I can't complain.One note, not sure why the cover says "re-recordings", these are the originals... sample for yourself.
I believe this singer has a very bright future. He is very talented and his music has some life to it.MH. Ziai
Just saw these guys in concert and what a show. The music makes you move and their energy lifts you up. Recommended for anyone with a love of music and a desire to experience something special.
as a result of my recent, albeit late, discovery of the group Tango36, i came upon these guyz. my research seemed to reflect they are a reformed, later version with some of the same and/or like-minded Tango36 members (someone please correct me if i'm wrong). i must say that i like this album even more than the one (Tango36 - Camino al Sol) that led me to it. i played it every day for a week after i acquired it and still find myself thinking about listening to it the next chance i get. i will just say that the short samples here don't do this album justice. it really must be heard/experienced as a whole.
The songs are well mixed and the balance created from traditional to modern instrumentation is very nice. She can do better in traditional sounding elements than modern hip hop like songs.
The CD "Mama Africa" opens with a drum riff and the very clear and distinct singing of Suzzana Owiyo. This is a voice to be reckoned with. The song Kisumu 100 is backed up by familiar African chorus and yet is new-sounding, blending modern African Pop with a really innovative sound. The title song "Mama Africa" is a tiny bit reminiscent of Miriam Makeba, very folk-ballad.  This is not a cliche sound--it is a blend of the best of traditional, pop and international World Music. If you like African pop and African singing such as Ladysmith Black Mambazo, you should really enjoy Suzzana Owiyo.
Her music combines the traditional with the modern. For those familiar with Miriam Makeba, Rokia Traore, Sally Nyolo and a bit of Zap Mama, you will not be disappointed. The music is both folksy and contemporary. She has managed to find a balance by sticking to the familiar....the traditional instruments. Language barrier should not be a problem. Her voice blends very well with her music. It would be interesting if she could collaborate with somebody like Yousour N'dour. She is from East Africa which is not known for traditional music variety as the West Africans.
Love the sound! Makes you want to get up and dance. The only thing is, I wish there were more then 4 tracks on this album.
A good album to.bring off the.bench. big influence by bedouin soundclash. Some songs lose me when they stray from reggae.
Popular style rendition of Thirupugazh with a semi-classical touch, this is good devotional music. Thiruppugazh is an important part of madieval Tamil literature. Composed in the 15th century, these are devotional verses in praise of God Murugan by devotee Arunagirinathar. Renowned for the poetic and musical qualities as well as the philosophical and moral content.
I bought this album to discover Piazzolla's music, and wasn't deceived. The quality of recordings is sometimes a bit sloppy on some tracks (e.g., la Introduccion a la Suite Punta del Este) because of live recording. Anyway, this album is a great tour of Piazzolla's incredibly inventive tango. Worth it.
This is an excellent CD. It is not Shakuhachi Honkyoku, but rather music with excellent vocals, strings, and other instruments in which Shakuhachi plays a part. The instruments weave together nicely and I can listen to it for hours. I must reserve 5 stars for absolute masterpieces when it comes to Shakuhachi, since there are so many virtuosos, but I will enjoy this CD for many hours. It does have a meditative quality. You can let it float through you with relaxing tones, or listen closely for the details.
Just like the title says, my wife and I listen to this album regularly while we sit poolside or have a swim. It is a nice collection of steel drum and caribbean style music that creates a background/ambiance that is relaxing and enjoyable. Many of the songs are duplicated, with one version played at a slow rate and the second version simply played at a faster tempo.  I deleted the slow songs off my MP3 player and only listen to the faster ones, but the entire album is still a bargain with those 6-8 duplicated songs deleted.
Downloaded this compilation for a pool party and mixed it in with my favorite summertime tunes (Marley, Chesney, etc...), now all of my friends want me to make them playlists!!!!  Only drawback:  Some of the songs sound too much alike but I just left off the couple that sounded like repeats on my playlist.
Wanted bilanguage CD for prek classroom.  Has a lot of songs in Spanish.  Very little English.  Not sure what the Spanish words are saying.
My toddler enjoys listening to this CD in the car. Unfortunately, I do not speak Spanish but I am learning a lot from this CD also.
I bought this CD to use with an early-elementary Spanish class. I love that it is completely in Spanish. I have not used it with my class yet, but there are some great songs to act out and move around to that I think the kids will love.Most of the songs are great. Some of them have accents on the wrong syllables, so I don't feel I can use those songs to teach kids Spanish because I can't have them learning to accent the wrong syllables. At least three songs have this problem: Abre el Refrigerador, Mono Chico, and Arana Pequena. The last two songs are translated from English. I have translated some songs myself, either from English to Spanish or Spanish to English, so I know how hard it can be to be true to the original meaning and still make the words fit and the accents fall on the right syllables. But when you are using a song to teach a new language, the phrases HAVE to be correct grammatically in Spanish and the words HAVE to be pronounced correctly. If you can't make it work, better not to do the song at all, or write a new song, rather than teach it wrong.I agree with one other reviewer that the lady who sings pronounces very hard T's. She apparently grew up bilingual, learning Spanish from her Mexican mother, but I have never heard a Mexican (or any native Spanish speaker) pronounce T's like that- they sound more like English T's. To me, it's not a huge deal- the words are still totally understandable, and not necessarily incorrect in Spanish, just different than I've ever heard.Those are just the negative points but I really loved the CD overall and I can't wait to use it with my class. The songs are very fun, interactive, and talk about things that little kids can relate to. I will use most of these songs with them and just leave out the few with incorrect pronunciation.
The kids love this CD, and it is full of really useful vocabulary.  One song in particular (the Marcha Marcha song) gets them up and moving around every time.
Les Plus Grands Succ&egrave;s De Petula Clark is one of those rare albums that contain so many hidden treasures. "Chariot", "Don't Cry For Me Argentina", "This Is My Song" and more! Petula Clark's voice makes any song, in any language, simply gorgeous! This album will delight any Petula Clark fan with this collection...Tres' magnifique!!!
Good songs and great voices. This group has much originality.  I can listen over and over to this album.  I will look to Sauti Sol for more good tunes and lyrics.
I was stationed in France in the fifties and sixties, and came to like its chansons and accordion music.  I guess it's not everybody's cup of tea, if if you share my love for the old French cultural traditions, this exemplifies it.  All old chestnuts, admittedly old remastered recordings, but very pleasurable to listen to.
I greatly enjoyed the musicianship on this CD.  The guitar solos are especially brilliant.  This CD has some great jazz-bossa improvising.  My only negative was the absence of tradition BN rhythm, replaced with the more modern bossa beat, with the heavy accent on the 3rd beat of each measure, especially with the bass.  But if you like jazz/samba, jazz/bossa, this is a &#34;must-have&#34;.
Its kind of weird that with all the new releases that I get and spin through which take up so much of my time, it seems like its getting harder and harder to really get my attention. I find myself getting more and more towards the point where an artist literally has to jump through hoops to get my hopes up and, passed that, in order to KEEP my attention once you have it, you have to be REALLY good (or REALLY bad actually). However, there are some exceptions to this rule for me as for certain artists, I'm still quite an easy puzzle to solve. For example, there is a certain level I get for almost ANY release marked `Sizzla' and that's been the case for quite awhile. Its rather interesting that with all of those very overactive artists releasing album after album a few years back, even though I was a fan of most of them, I never applied the level of attention that I gave to that `new' Sizzla album, if it were not even a full month following the last `new' Sizzla album. Didn't matter the level of quality actually (and I would generally overrate them for quite awhile anyway) of the album, as long at was his work and while that's changed as far as a critical approach from me (now I call em, like I see em), I still get a kind of a slightly over-enthused feeling to listen to his material. I could probably say the same thing for a Beenie Man album although to a definitely different degree. As is sometimes the case with Sizzla, I've generally heard quite a few tunes from any given Beenie Man album these days, however, that's the most interesting part. Its in acquiring and just hearing the singles in the first place which gets to me. Beenie Man's songs, almost always, on the first spin are potentially LETHALLY addictive. Getting past that, on any album there may be at least a handful of new tunes and those new tunes. . . Yep, potentially addictive also. I would also draw for names like Batch, who simply seems to get better and better in one way or another on each and every album he pushes, of course people like Machel Montano and Destra as Soca artists but that's inevitably dealing more with singles which become albums and others still like Mad Cobra and General Degree who are artists who aren't particularly active at all and happened to be amongst my very favourite, two very nice conditions which will almost certainly `earn' an artist my attentions (not to mention that they're WICKED!).Apparently to force me to elaborate a bit on the concept of favourite artists and the bit of `red carpet treatment' I give to their releases in several respects is Lutan Fyah . I had my schedule relatively clear for quite awhile as far as potentially BIG Reggae releases for awhile now, looking forward to the next big album, Tarrus Riley's Contagious, up until about two weeks ago when this golden covered piece rather annoyingly popped up on my radars, frustratingly forcing me to change my plans. These days, a Lutan Fyah album is liable to get just as much of my attention (if not more so than) as a Sizzla album and frankly, Its something that almost DEMANDS a great deal of my attention. So how dare someone named Philadub Records being from out of Philadelphia (of all places) in the States, decide to release an album from said Lutan Fyah, wonderfully covered and named Justice? How dare they put such an appetizing project right in my face as if they're almost baiting me? I frankly didn't feel like getting emotionally involved and for what its worth, there was a rather ecstatic ten seconds or so of time where I said, I simply would ignore Justice and wait for the next album. Well obviously that didn't last very long. Having very little knowledge in what exactly or who exactly Philadub was and what qualified them to work with such an AMAZING talent as Spanish Town's finest but having full faith in the artist, I readily scooped up Lutan Fyah's Justice about a minute or two after it was released (shamefully, literally). Justice follows what was, for me, quite a letdown, as back in April Rastar Records released what was quite easily Lutan Fyah's most polarizing of his albums to date, African Be Proud. That album had the fortunate situation of following December's OUTSTANDING Africa double album from 2B1 which has since become Fyah's most popular and recognizable album to date and definitely brought quite a few new pairs of eyes and ears. What was `wrong' with African Be Proud was that it opened itself up to different types of vibes, predominately Hip-Hop, which, to me, just wasn't very good and quite a few people apparently agreed with me (never mind the fact that it was delayed for about a year or more). Justice, fortunately, doesn't have ANY of the same complications exhibited on African Be Proud and although its not the BEST album he's done to date, it certainly serves as a very welcome `comeback' for Lutan Fyah (comeback, ONLY in the sense of albums, between these two releases, to my ears, Fyah has dropped NOTHING but what his name would indicate) but it kind of has a bit of an familiar vibes to it to my opinion (more on that in a minute). Who knows how and when the link between Lutan Fyah and Philadub occurred (apparently they also have a space in California also, where Fyah just happens to be quite active also) and you really don't care either but I'm loving that fact that, like Sizzla a few years back, it seems as if any and everyone is lining up to release an album for the artist with his now eight studio albums (by my count and one EXCELLENT live album, also for 2B1) all being released by different labels. And while certainly Philadub now becomes the most unknown (at least to this point), they've arguably done a better job than a couple of FAR more well known imprints. No. Justice isn't the strongest of the eight (and something tells me I may be forgetting one) but, as it ranks in that same earlier line of characteristics of Lutan Fyah albums: It is WELL solid. And sometimes solid throughout with no big mistakes proves to be simply better than spectacular sometimes but frankly flawed at others. Justice also, thankfully, proves to be easily worth the emotional investment I just paid to it.Apparently Philadub is, at least in part, headed by the one name Gardian. An artist himself, Gardian released his very own debut album on the label in 2008, Words And Sounds, which (I haven't heard) was apparently their first full length release. However, what they've done here is COMPLETELY outdo themselves and raise their own profile as they've now linked with arguably on of the greatest Roots Reggae wordsmiths of all time. First to attempt to grab your attentions (and succeeding) on Lutan Fyah's new album Justice, following a pretty nice intro, is rather easily one of the best tunes on the album, Show Me Some Love. This tune is PURE Lutan Fyah and relatively close to his best as he builds on what is initially a clich&eacute;d and tired topic in Reggae music to turn it into his own personal work of art. Coming across a one-drop which is downright ANGRY at times, Show Me Some Love is a tune on educational level of epic proportions. Brain food and a WONDERFUL start. Gardian takes no time getting himself involved in front of the mic as he chimes in on the first of three official combinations on Justice, Cryin' Out. I kind of struggled with this one for a spin or two because its power isn't IMMEDIATELY palpable as the song, itself, despite being very slow is probably one of the most `entertaining' on the album altogether. But about the fourth or so time I got through it, I FINALLY picked it up. Cryin' Out isn't the best tune on Justice and if you played through it sequentially, it isn't even as strong as the first tune you heard but its VERY well done and biggup to Gardian for not trying to take over the tune as he basically only makes his presence known on the chorus, standing as a nice bit of support to Lutan Fyah's typically FLAWLESS verses. Completing the opening for Justice is definitely the best tune of the three and, in my opinion, the best tune you'll find on Justice altogether, Selassie I Within. This is also the only tune I know from the album going in as I think I heard it as early as sometime last year maybe. Regardless of the logistics, Selassie I Within is MASSIVE! I've been playing the tune for however long I've had it quite consistently playing over another HEAVY riddim. The tune gets one of the more energetic `versions' of Fyah on Justice and, of course, its what he's saying that is most important as he urges the masses to maybe take our time and be more careful because His Majesty is there and it is He who takes our troubles. Big beautiful message, EPIC vibe and definitely the tune here which rises to the top. Great opening.Its interesting to me that I initially (because of Philadub being from Philadelphia and the African Be Proud album) thought Justice would be more Hip-Hop infused but its quite the opposite. As I said its very familiar sounding, it sounds like the Lutan Fyah from two or three years ago in that then he has almost tunnel vision in getting the message out there and not necessarily making the tune sound so catchy, which, for him, is the right thing to do. Another interesting and potentially right thing to do was calling up Fyah's good friend Spectacular who surprisingly joins him on two tunes on Justice, Coming Home and Eye Pon Me. I find I can take the BRUTAL voiced Spectacular more in moderation and he absolutely shines on both of his efforts here. Coming Home is a repatriation anthem over a HUGE drum while Eye Pon Me borders into the Dancehall/Hip Hop (in a GOOD way) and both are upper echelon tunes for the album as the duo have shown themselves to make a nice pair (also with Frenchie label Irie Ites) and, who knows, maybe Spectacular stuck around long enough to make an album of his own for Philadub. That isn't AT ALL, of course, to say things improve with `the help' on Justice, that just isn't the case. The Fyah definitely excels on his own. Check Draw Me Out, another of the best tunes on the album. Fyah is the reward right now for all deep and conscientious listeners and on this tune he is at his crafting best as he drops the line of the entire album, "Yes man siddung inna di heavens and a laugh. THE WICKED CATCH THE FLU WHEN BABYLON COUGH!". And that's standard fare for the man, absolutely brilliant! Because I know you're interested, check Killsome City which (like a couple of songs here) took a minute or two to grow on me and its still not one of my favourites but, like everything here, it definitely has its moment (especially later in the tune). The tune True Love Is All is actually aided by the very nice interlude which precedes it (also which I'm sure I've heard somewhere before) and it doesn't really need the help because it is VERY strong. The same could be said for the very COOL title track which is another which might take a few spins to grow on you before you decide to give up on it. I'm still kind of miffed as to why they decided to make it the name for the album although if you were going to name it after a tune, it appears the CLEAR choice (I guess I just answered my own question). Don't Cry has a different type of sound to it definitely even before the actual tune gets going and is one of the big lovers tunes here. The final stretch of Justice features tunes like the obligatory herbalist tune Plant The Herbs and the downright SPECIAL Battlefield. Battlefield is SERIOUS! The tune comes in just, like the title track, with a nice cool vibes but it is so packed with information and just wisdom in the song. Definitely one of the major attractions. Head Over Heels is charged with maintaining said high vibes from Battlefield and it does an excellent job in its own way, offering one of the more colourful vibes on Justice before turning things over to the aforementioned Eye Pon Me which sets the stage for the albums closer, Inna Trouble. Inna Trouble is BIG. Its the type of BIG that you recognize IMMEDIATELY too. I heard the first bounce on the tune and I exhaustedly sighed as if I were just ready for the end and didn't want to have to keep paying attention. Failure to do so would have maid me miss another of Justice's undeniable highlights as Lutan Fyah delivers a HUGE vibes on the tune which forecasts the crumbling of corrupt and oppressive society the world over.Overall, I have to say that I wouldn't at all be surprised if Lutan Fyah and Philadub recorded the lion's share of the material for Justice a few years back. Earlier in his career the only real thing Fyah was criticized for was the lack of melody in his music (my retort to that was always that if you're rhyming with as much knowledge as he was, Reggae heads could overlook that) (see Vaughn Benjamin) and what I see throughout Justice is him on a VERY straight forward vibes. Of course I still love that, that's the artist whose music I fell in love with but it doesn't necessarily lend itself to a wider appeal than regular and more familiar Reggae fans. HOWEVER, if you are said regular and more familiar Reggae fan, then you may just find Justice to be what the cover would suggest, golden. As I said, Justice isn't his best album to date (Phantom War or Africa is) but its VERY WELL DONE. And a big thank you goes to Lutan Fyah and Philadub for their outstanding (albeit untimely for me) effort. One of the first BIG Reggae albums of the second half of 2009.
&#34;Sweet 16&#34; and &#34;oupila&#34; makesd this CD worth the price 4 a non creole speaker like myself,i had a copy of this in the mid 90's and i'm buyin it again,go figure!
Ok, I just have to get this off my chest before I continue to this review. Most of the people cataloguing this genre of music are completely clueless about the music itself and the performers. the genre couldn't possibly be international because that is so vague and it doesn't distinguish between any music or styles of music outside of USA (and Canada, sometimes) this genre can be classified as Zouk or Kompa. This particular album can be described in one word: HOT!! (yes two exclamation points) the melodies are smooth and easy to digest and for those of us fortunate enough to understand the meaning of the lyrics, they are in complete harmony with the melodies which is why ALFABE is such a great album. One need not understand the words to get why this album is a absolute stroke of genius from both composers,producers and performers.This album reminds me of my childhood in Haiti, a time full of joy, creativity, passion and hope for a better future worldwide. If you're reading this review you should go buy the album and see for yourself.Absolute banger!
Were great selection. Very good combination of selected songs. Do you have any more like this? Also like to see remix in other areas like 30s and 40s.
I liked the broad genre that includes so many soundtracks. It's taken from movies, so inevitably is mixed according to the director/musician cut.I really enjoyed, it takes me to another world.
If you like Balkan Beat Box, this will keep you entertained. My only complaint is that it's not longer. Just like this review.
OK, first all this albumn is free, so there is no reason to not get it.  Now as far as my impression of this albumn it's world hip hop primarily based on what us westerners would call indian/middle eastern music.  The first thing that really grabbed me was the pure musciainship on these cuts.  There are a lot of real instruments being played instead of what you would hear in a typical western sampled middle eastern/indian track and it is all GOOD!Forget the fact that you probably can't understand what they are rapping about (at least that's true for me), this whole sampler is pure fun: a dance albumn that should find it's way into your end of summer BBQ play list due to it's high energy upbeat rhythms and extremely well produced and tight cuts.
I love bhangra, bollywood and worldbeat - so this was perfect to add to my collection and try out a few new artists. And free to boot! Yay, thanks Amazon. I will surely be adding a few paid MP3s to my list from this artist collection - I need more high energy dance music that's not all techno.
For the first 4 to 5 seconds I thought, "Oh, so that's what this is going to be". After that brief time I had a smile on my face and thought, "This is real music." Like an earlier review said, this CD will broaden your music horizons. And you'll dig the hell out of it.
This is the type of music you'd expect to hear at a Middle East themed nightclub. Songs have nice beats and are decent to listen to. Definitely not a 5 star album, but what did you want for free?For those who are curious, most of the lyrics are in English, Hebrew, and/or Yiddish. There is another language present that I do not recognize.Give it a shot--I think you'll enjoy it. You can't beat the price!
Terry is a great artist with a very unique voice that delivers some of the powerful and meaningful lyrics that adults and young people can relate with.
I downloaded several of Ernesto's albums, 7 in all and I love them all.This one was shortened by two songs.Leaving the Nest and Maria Elena omitted. I was disappointed.Otherwise this music is superb!
ONe of three that I bought.  Very nice relaxing music.  PErfect for porch sitting and a little reflection.
As with &#34;Blue Waters&#34;, I find this music perfect for trips in the car and I find the same is true as background at home
This is a wonderful change from the boom-boom music heard throughout the day.It's great to listen to while reading-doesn't disrupt your thoughts.
Without doubt one of the most 'easy on the ear' Easy Listening recordings that I've heard - the selection of titles is somewhat different from any other compilation that I have (and I have quite a few) for on my long drives across Europe to my second home in Croatia, I need such relaxing music for so many hours behind the wheel. There are better compilations that I have but if this was the only one then I would have no hesitation in giving it FIVE stars instead of just four. All in all a thoroughly delightful listening experience. Thank you. Dr. (Ret'd) Sean Tierney.
I like Ernesto Cortazar & will buy more of his I AM SORRY MORE PEOPLE DO NOT KNOW ABOUT HIM.
I really enjoyed this sampler. I'm no reggae connoisseur, but I enjoy it a lot and used to have a decent little collection of some of the early roots stuff, Marley, Steel Pulse and that kind of thing.This set includes new reggae sounds that are really interesting. Some tracks use quite a bit of electronic instruments -- drum machines, synthesizers, etc, which I didn't quite like as much. This was the case with "Say Wooee" in particular. I didn't really see what "Wine Up On Me" has to do with reggae, as the dominant beat was nowhere close to being on 3. It's just a straight electropop song with a slightly modified backbeat.Although "Don't Worry" and some other tracks also have a heavy electronic component, I found something to like on just about every track. But I am positively enthusiastic about Queen Ifrica's "Yad to the East" and Chuck Fenda's "Oh Lord Forgive Them".Other keepers include "Since I've Been Loving You", a kind of "smooth reggae" track -- like if Lisa Stanfield were a reggae singer. It has a nice, classy feel to it. "No Less Than a Woman" is a great song for social consciousness on the issue of infertility. Hooray for the socially conscious message played with a good musical feel.Great set, definitely worth picking up, and several tracks are worth keeping long-term as well. Recommended!Update: Review written after I picked this up as a free sampler. For money, I'd probably limit it to "Yad to the East" and "Oh Lord Forgive Them".
As the other reviewers have said, only a few are true Tangos but all are very Latin. That said, the thought that crossed my mind in listening to these songs was that if Enya or Medwynn Goodall did Latin instead of Celtic influenced music, this is what it would sound like. A kind of new age feel on the slower instrumental tracks, especially. That's not a put-down from my point of view. Would be great as a background to a quiet party, or candle lit dinner, to read to, or just to mellow out and veg. Two or three up-tempo tracks are dance-able. Excellent production quality. Well worth downloading.
From a US-centric view... I didn't recognize any track as being a tango one could really tango to (the rhythms are too variable), but track 2 came closest to my concept of a tango, a couple others seemed to be tango-based. None of them evoked the Pampas for me or felt like 'folklore' music (though the ballads were really quite good).  However, my experience with Argentinian music is severely lacking.  Perhaps these are tangos for those tired of the rest of the tangos, and 'modern' takes on timeless classics?There are 3 sung ballads (5, 9, 10), and the rest are instrumental.  A few are guitar-based, a few piano-based, some with concertina and/or violin.  Sounds most like easy classical jazz to me.  2 and 8 felt "dance-able" to me.  7 is a bit "spanish guitar"-ish plus flutes.The musicianship and production are excellent, and the vocals are very fine.  I did enjoy most of the selections.  If you like gentle jazz as well as latin music, this is likely right up your alley.  However... if you're hoping to bite a rose and get your feet moving, you might be disappointed.
Most are creative or original works. Only a couple sound like reruns of 70s played to death.
I play Ernesto Cortazars music all the time in my car and Wi-Fi radios at home. If you like relaxing piano music this is one of the best.
This, and its companion provide wonderful music that I find restful and soothing - perfect for the fairly long times in the car.
I have four of Ernesto Cortaza albums and thoroughly enjoy all of them.  For anyone who likes piano music, his are wonderful.Keep them in my car and listen to them very often.
As with every Ernesto Cortazar CD I've purchased, this one was well performed and very relaxing to listen to.
I bought this CD from Elijah on the beach in Jamaica a few days ago.  I did not know what to expect but am glad now I bought it.  Good music.
I'm West African,and love dancing, so I appreciate it when good music comes out of that region. I was delighted to find this album for free. Check out Bumper2Bumper-if you're like me, you won't be able to sit down on this one! Wahala is good too..Makojo is a truly "old school" West African number-a good ambiance, in-the-background number to listen to. Don't care much for "Shake your arse", but that's not too bad either, if you don't mind the lyrics.
I have to admit, I kind of downloaded this sampler pack on the basis of two things: the prospect of possibly exciting music from overseas, and the fact that it was FREE. Well, friends, I have to admit I would have likely paid for it outright were that the only option. This sampler by Wyld Pitch/51 Lex Records really helped to redefine my idea of just what African music can be. Now I won't say that I automatically thought in the most stereotypical manner, but to hear such a wide variance in skills and style is, to say the very least, extremely refreshing.Favorite Tracks Include:Ekassa 28--very simple, feel good song. Not the strongest on the sampler, but at the very least, it won't turn you off.Bumper2Bumper--Wande Coal definitely has a somewhat American sound going on here, and the lyrics are fun, catchy and not too corny--a notable problem with some American "musicians" and rappers today.Do it Like This--one of the best tracks on the collection, in my opinion. Banky W. really has a fresh, masterful technique that blends a New York mindset tempered with African roots and love of Nigeria. Had I heard this in a club, I would have had no idea the performer was actually from Nigeria.I wasn't really a fan of Shake Your Arse--if you were hoping for the African equivalent of the similar song by Mystical, this isn't really it. At the very least, at least it's not nearly as vulgar. Mo Gbono Feli Feli isn't my favorite, either--it takes a lot of guts to call yourself the African Michael Jackson, and it's not something to throw about lightly.
Thank you everyone who are trying to identify the proper musicians for these tracks. One correction, the official language of Brazil is Portuguese, not Spanish. Those who speak Spanish can help but we really need some diehard Brazilian music buffs or Brazilians themselves to properly identify these songs for us whose primary language is English. The sampler itself is a good eclectic collection of the kind of music that is listened to by the many people who live in the rural areas of Brazil and listen to the radio day and night.
Excellent, Excellent effort, Lil Mike...!!!That being said, I can add the following changes. Most are just for purity of Nomenclature. Rest assured, they're no biggie :)Tk 1:- "Sete Palavras" is by "Pedro Bento & Z&eacute; Da Estrada" (per the CD sleeve Front) or "Pedro Bento e Z&eacute; Da Estrada" (to keep it Spanish). Also note the accent on Z&eacute;'s name.Trk 4:- The song is by Ado Negro all right. However, what's interesting is, this sampler version is the Studio version, while Amazon is actually 'selling' only a LIVE version. Guess we can call this studio version "An Amazon Freebie Exclusive!!!" :)Tk 7: The song name is "L&aacute; Vem a Onda", not "L&aacute; Vema Onda".Tk 8: The artist is 'Arlindo Jr"Tk 12: Unfortunately, this is not correct. Demnios da Garoa DOES HAVE a "Samba da Garoa" from the album "E Convidados". However, it is 5:01 min long, and from the Amazon preview, it sounds pretty bombastic. The 3:36 version in this sampler is a soft And sentimental song... doesn't AT ALL sound like a "Samba". Admittedly, I am Stumped as well on this one. If I had to venture a guess, Amazon may have screwed up and uploaded the wrong song for the right title (or vice versa).Any of our Spanish-speaking friends wanna help out here?That's all I can find out. Now I'm gonna shut off my smokin' brain, lean back and listen to the whole CD again.... :)
Track 12 is actually "Coisas Da Paixo (La Solitudine)" by Carlos Pitta, track 1 of the the albumFotos, Baladas E Recordaes.(I found this out listening to the song samples of length 3:36 on a search for the label name until one sounded the same.  Quicker than learning Portuguese.)It would be nice if the track listing was accurate and complete, but otherwise some nice music, especially for a free sampler.  Does seem odd that they don't make it easier to find the represented artists.
I love the music, however I could not get the final two tracks to download, I would have been better off paying a few bucks more and having the CD mailed to me, then ripping it onto my Ipod.
This album is all Dance/DJ genre, a time warp back to 1999 - Eiffel65. All the songs are in english. Most of the cuts have the same production values. Half of the cuts sound like the same band under different names. Lots of popping bubbles synth and pitch-encoded female voice. It's all well done except for the damaged tracks.There are three tracks that cut off suddenly: 2, 3 and 9 - almost like the last blocks of the files were dropped. I thought my player had crashed the first time I heard track 2.
Nice contemporary Top 40/Dance.  I was a little surprised, but its a great download.
I very much like the swaying, swirling rhythms and string instrumentation of 'traditional' Arabic music and these cuts show that today's great singers and musicians still get real life out of those roots.  This music deserves to live on and to be refreshed without being overwhelmed by influences from Western rap, electronic sampling and the like.  The timbre of Romantic and even sexy voices amply convey the ageless themes of searching, longing or pining over love.  There is nothing more 'freeing' than a bouncing Arabic dance tune.  This selection was just what I have been wishing for but have not known how to find (or what to select.)  What is the payoff for Rotana for offering this free download?  I can't answer that.  A possibility would be that listeners might search out 'for sale' CDs by these artists.  I have tried using Putumayo anthologies in this fashion with mixed results as singers I have loved based on the music selected turned out to have produced a wide range of work.  For those of us not plugged into the world of Arab languages and contemporary music, this selection is tops!  Digging deeper will be a case of trial and error.
This was a pleasant surprise for me.  I saw it free on Amazon and I've always enjoyed Arabic music.  While not every track is to my liking, I found the overall CD good.  I'm glad Amazon is opening up their world music so we can hear the sounds from across the globe.
I expected to see Mounir, Louay, Fouad, or many others. But all considered it is a good album.
The traditions of the past and present come together in this album. The way the music draws you in, moves the feelings of a race that has caught the eye of all people around the world.
No one releases a perfect album anymore, but at least 2/3 of the tracks on this album are absolutely beautiful. The other 1/3 are nice, too.
It's hard to find new and interesting Israeli music in retail stores. This sampler is a nice gateway to some of the more current music over there.
Like several of the other reviewers, I enjoyed much of the collection despite understanding little of what was being said. The overall sound of the album is retro, recalling 1980s pop -- NOT New Wave, mind you, but the pop of singers like Sting and Stevie Nicks, with a lot of reverb, keyboards, and synthesizers.I liked Estar Shamir's "Gachliliot (Fireflies)" best. The arrangement is more folky and eclectic, with guitar, bongos, and accordion. She has a strong, expressive voice. I also enjoyed Hemi Rudner's "Geula (Redemption)," an even-keeled lite rocker that recalls John Lennon's "Mind Games" and Al Stewart's "Flying Sorcery". (Rudner also records in English--he has an album of Beatles and Stones covers) "Yoshvim Bebet Cafe (Sitting In A Coffee House)" by the Teapacks, with its bouncy synthesizers, shows more New Wave influence and, in the bridge, gives the strongest nod to Middle Easternness in the collection. Miri Mesika's "Tipa Tipa (Little By Little)" sounds at first like it's going to be a folky acoustic tune, but halfway through it turns into something like a power ballad by Gloria Estefan. "Magic Time" by Hadara Levin Areddy differs from the rest of the collection in two ways: it is in English, and it is strongly blues-influenced. Hadara has (or puts on) an intriguingly goofy voice and matching accent (her "now" rhymes with "meow"), sounding something like a cross between Betty Carter and Madeleine Peyroux. Ohad Hitman's "Hashavti She'Yehiye Romanti (I Thought It Will Be Romantic)," could be an early, overproduced Sting song.
I liked the whole album the first time I listened to it. Only two songs really stuck out:Gachliliot (Fireflies)B'osher Ve'Be'Oni (In Wealth And In Poverty)But I suspect with more times listening to it the rest of the album will grow on me more.(And it has! I also like Yoshvim Bebet Caf&eacute; and Tipa Tipa)I'm not familiar with Israeli music, but I found it a good variety in sounds (with an upbeat folk feel, or light pop). Pleasant to listen to, and catchy.I got the album as a free sampler, but if that option isn't available to you, I still recommend buying it.
...and, if my Song titles seem different than Amazon's, or if I spell 'em differently, that's because I got those from the Artists' official webpages (either their own URL, or their myspace pages).01. Miri Mesika - Tipa Tipa (Drop Drop)02. Teapacks - Yoshvim Bebit Caffe (Sitting In A Coffee House)03. Hemi Rudner - Geula (Redemption)04. Aya Korem - Shir Ahava Pashut (A Simple Love Song)05. Dani Robas - Masheu Hadash Matchil (Something New Begins)06. Hadara Levin Areddy - Magic Time07. Shay Amar - Be'Osher U Beoni (In Richness Or In Poverty)08. Ohad Hitman - Chashaveti Shehye' Romanti (I Thought It Will Be Romantic)09. Estar Shamir - Gachliliyot (Fireflys)
Ruben hits a home run once again. What an incredible talent! A virtual one man production where he performs every instrument except for the flute and congas, sings lead and backup vocals. His vocal stylings where he sings in "another" voice reminiscent of "los viejos soneros del ayer" is worth the price of the CD in and of itself. The lyrics tell the story of the Latin American experience in the barrios of our continent. Ruben is one of the most, (if not the most), eloquent voices speaking out on behalf of all those humble, hard working people of the Latin American diaspora who are seldom heard. Bravo Ruben, well done!
This CD was given to me as a gift.  There is one song that I heard & loved it immediately. The song Autumn Rose was the background music for an E-mail sent to me w/beautiful flowers & words of wisdom.  I was going thru a painful time in my life & the music of this one song helped me get thru the nights of pain.  I did a search on youtube & found the song & author.  Lucky Me. On of my children got the CD for me.  Thx to them I enjoy the music regularly.I really like the whole album but for the last song which has a vocalist singing the words to the first piece on the CD.  I like the song, just not the vocalist.  I enjoy this music as background to what I'm doing during the day & the music is more soothing when it is just instrumental.  The rest of the CD is simply beautiful.  Sorry I don't like the vocalist.  You might like it very much.  Just me.  Thx. :)
I purchased this album because I enjoy listening to Ernest Cortazar's music. The selection I wanted to put on my computer was &#34;Autum Rose&#34;. I tried to do a slide show presentation using this selection but failed since it is Copy Right protected. However, I have seen other slide shows where it was used with great effect. I need to find out how to do a power point presentation using Cortazar's music.
Excellent  mood music. Would reccommend it to any one seeking a change of pace. Since I was ordering -why  order just one?
Probibly wouldn't have bought it if i had heard it through first. The CD and box are in very good condition.
She wanted this music, it did what she wanted so that is all that is needed. She is happy, I am happy.
Luis Santi put together a traditional Masterpiece Especially with the tune  El De La Rumba Soy Yo... feat Patato on Congas
This is a contructive comment to "Jewish Native American" review. The song La Granja is an excellent song if you understand the meaning of the lyrics. For people who are Mexicans, that is easy to do. For the rest of us,  it is difficult to say the least. There could be lots of meanings to the metaphors Los Tigres used with the animals or names. Jewish N A, pretending he understands this lyrics, is a big BS for his Spanish is deplorable. I can not understand one thing of what he writes.Unfortunately,  "Jewish Native American" review in Spanish, is an offense to Spanish speaker for his paragraph -if that is what that is- is an electronic translation that makes no sense whatsoever. Please, stick to the language you know best. Especially, if you are reviewing something that people wants to buy. As a native speaker I find this kind trashing of the language offensive.
Music Therapy-Migraine purports to help rid you of migraine headaches.  As a life-long sufferer of severe migraines, I can assure you that this is not necessarily the case.  Initially, I downloaded a free app that contained the two 20+ minute songs included on this download.  The app was glitchy but the music was soothing.  I deleted the app and enjoyed the music enough to purchase the MP3 download.  I listen to it in the mornings as I'm getting ready for work.  Although it doesn't eliminate a migraine, it does help with the neck and shoulder tension that migraines can bring.  This gets a rating of four stars because, after listening to it, I still have a migraine but the music is soothing enough to listen to with a migraine and that's saying something!
Tipica Novel is one of the best Charanga with Ronny Baro on vocal song like a mi me gusta mas el son  Chocolate Armenteros on trumpet no sera facil tiene sabor another son el son del willie ellis former director of tipica novel and el carretero good recording good sound.
I saw Kila at Quays Pub in Galway in 2013 & was blown away by them. I bought this after returning home & love listening to it; brings me right back to Ireland. Their music is a great mix of Irish/Afro-Celt. It's always interesting & fun.
Buena letra y musica de este grupo de Hermanos. Muy buen disco para escuchar entre amigos y recordar buenos tiempos.  Canciones favoritas, El Dia y Lo Dejaria. :-)
Musical tastes aside, I just wanted to add that the original release date of Colores Santos is 1992, not as "June 2009" as listed on the Amazon page. Although it may be that the mp3 album was first made available on Amazon in June '09, it may mislead new fans that this is a fairly new release.
I remember jammin to this cd my freshman year in high school and its still as good now as it was then.
Anuradha Paudwal has a beautiful voice, so melodious an sung with clear diction. This rendition lifts the mood up and creates a festive environment
This is a big collection of good dub/version sides and really I have no complaints.  It's a great deal.  There are two reasons I subtracted a star.  First, 11 of the tracks are not dub, they are early Wailers songs.  (Don't get me wrong, these are good songs, they just don't fit with the 39 other tracks of dub.)  Second, many of the recordings have hiss and crackle and the occasional pop.  I don't know if the master tapes for some of these songs even exist any more, and I'm satisfied with these recordings, but I think it's worth noting.If you think of this as somebody's collection of 7&#34; singles that you bought for a great price at a yard sale, I think you will be very pleased, as I am.
The pieces in this album go well together and they are excellently performed. Rarely do I find myself skipping a track.
Her voice is a gift from god just a pleasure to hear her voice i reccomend for anybody. Mas Que un Anhelo I enjoyed more but hey that my opinion this one is a must have for any fan of Marcela.
Tremendas inspiraciones espirituales en cada cancion. Su voz es dulce al oido y no cansa. Se puede escuchar una y otra vez y disfrutarla de igual manera . La recomiedo a todos sus inspiraciones junto a la musica llegan a nuestros corazones.
These guys are the GREATEST find I've come across in awhile.  It's a perfect mix of The Slackers & Hepcat, but with a unique DUB-Style thrown in.  The vocals are great, the band is tight, & the album still has that vintage sound, but is crisp & very well produced.  I can't beleive HellCat records has snatched these guys up yet!  If you like the bands listed above...seriously do your self a favor & buy this CD or any of their previous ones, you won't be disappointed.
I found this group when they had a song on a compilation disc, the song is Stinky Stinky Ashtray. The song is a cross-over type, what I mean is, my kids and I both loved it!
I like it, if you love the song you might too.... it is a good variety of sounds for the same tune.
These songs took me back to my childhood. My parents use to have some classic Los Diablos albums and it's good to hear these old rolas again.
The songs are decently produced, but so LOUD and exuberant. I guess I'm not really a fan of the kids-singing-in-unison genre. Would rather here one or two professional singers and good music. Still, you'll find lots of the standard Christian kids' songs here, familiar melodies, and easy to learn words.
Stevie Face's candlelight ballads prepare the perfect setting for roots-reggae romance. Share a ballroom dance with "Coming Home," mellow out with a reggae version of "I Wanna Wake Up With You," and then taste a fine, aged Cabernet with roots duet, "If I Was Home Tonight." If those aren't enough, there's still ample time to connect with that special someone, because the rest of the album is equally rich, suave and elegant. The album's lyrical epicenter is "All She Needs," which tells the story of a troubled girl's empty feelings in the absence of love. Also impressive is "Since I Met You Baby," a hopeful, when-love-is-new anthem that brings fresh, daylight energy to a diamond-studded, after-seven theme. Desserts include Face's mellow-groove cover of "Roses In Your Eyes," which supplies a familiar, ice-breaking feeling of warmth, and "Rest Your Love On Me," a cool, dynamic, midnight-love ballad that inspires gentle hugs and loving expressions. If you haven't heard Stevie Face, think about combining Glen Washington's flowery lyrics with Roger Robin's fluid vocal delivery, and if you like high-quality mood music, you won't be disappointed with the results.
This former 1975-76 released Lp album, most likely re-issued in Miami by a former label which specialized in live recordings from Habana radio stations such as Radio Progreso, CMQ-Radiocentro, etc. was sold to and released as a CD by Essential Media Group. Even though the sound of these recordings is not the very best,these recordings made from shortwave radio transmissions,were brilliant. One cannot expect direct studio recordings accoustics and sound and I think both its original Lp issuer back in the mid 70's as well as the CD re-issuer Essential Media both did an excellent job considering what they had at their disposal.Based on it I will give this great album four stars. In my opinion the main jewel of this crown is the montuno "Ma&ntilde;ana Me Voy"(Pa'Sibanicu), which, also, in my opinion has the very best musical arrangement (great feeling and momentum) of all versions recorded by all others. But of course it is just my opinion and I'm sure some others would disagree with me. Still, as I mentioned, considering all they had, this is a great album and I'm glad someone thought of re-issuing it on CD. Before its present release I thought this rare gem would be shelved or lost forever. I'm glad it wasn't.
This has some banging dubstep and electro gems.My faves from the first listen are Follish Silence, Southpaw, Ulysses, King Prawn and waiting for initiation.Definately Buy those tracks
If you are into electronic, dubstep and acid crunk, this is a "must own" album! I love it. King Prawn was the reason I bought it, but found out that the rest of the tracks are awesome too.
This is a really good pop album over all. Best songs are: Mi delirio, Me hipnotizas, Para que and El me mintio. It's not an amazing album but over all it is a very good listen.
You can't beat free music.  If it is, you might was well try it out.
Like many, I learned of this band from the Taiwanese drama Black & White, which features Wu Lai Zheng Yi as the theme song. Fans of that song have a good glimpse of what's in store, while those that weren't too interested should probably avoid it. While many of the songs mull over the same generic musical themes explored elsewhere in Asian rock, they do so with a tad more (just a tad) musicality and lyrical sophistication.A few of the songs have really stood out and are what really keep me coming back to the album, particularly Tie Ren and Hai Zei Wang (check out the Amazon samples; they're fair representations of the songs). The band has a lot of potential, and I hope in future albums they decide to explore the creative side that I suspect is unfortunately being suppressed due to corporate and commercial pressures.
'Tis odd to review a virtual album that exists only on Amazon. Melina Kana, like Glykeria, has a strong, sensitive voice, and her songs are well chosen and arranged. The .mp3 sound, despite its compression, is still worthy on good sound systems; however, the absence of liner notes to describe the songs and provide recording details is a minus. Also, my downloading did not capture track 4. Still, my burnt CD provides fine listening and an delightful taste of Greek music. While it is best to obtain a proper CD album of Kana's music, I am pleased to have this collection.
Anthony Santos never fails. He always makes great albums to dance merenque too... I love every single song.
I would recommend this cd it was a original recording, my husband enjoying listening to his oldies music the sound was clear
good music--mixed tape & reg tape--good listening esp for a party or car ride--lots of familiar bands/artists--recommend--there are better ones out there though--check out ray barreto's INDESTRUCTIBLE (INDESTRUCTIBLE)
I thought this had a fabulous mix of rhythms and styles.  Some tracks are very new age, others are more classic (but not 100% traditional style).  There are even very slow tracks for warm ups and such.  For the price, I thought it was a bargain to get so many tracks and so much variety.  I recommend it!
Can't beat 40 songs! It's a great mixture of some songs I have heard before and some new ones. I listen to this album at work and when I need some inspiration.
"Coffee Goddess" correct about Song #35-It is NOT Kassar Army by Pete List, it is Qabil by Solace from "The Gathering Season".And #23 is NOT Qabil by Solace...not sure what it is...There may be other errors too, but it is a great mix of music!  Just beware who you give credit to!
My belly dance teacher recommended this and I have to agree with her judgement - it's really great! There is a lot of variation and all the music just makes you want to dance!  I haven't found a favorite yet, but I'll keep listening.Great price for the amount of music you get.
I really like this cd. the music is nice and great for belly dancing!The download was easy. I enjoy listening to this even while driving.
I use this when my wife and I teach kingdom kids,  excellent way to setup the class is go play music as the kids arearriving
This cd was recorde in mexico in 1970 the band baking rolanddo was sonora veracruz,cuco valtierra and los aragon El relog de pastora a bogaloo el Rey the clasic from Jose alfredo good arreglos los petroleros el mensajero. Rolando voice was strong with good dianamic.
Well, I've had this CD since about the time it came out, and it's full of great songs! For me, someone who's going to study Armenian, simply because I feel driven to do so and I love the language, music etc, it's awesome!I do have a problem, though.I don't know what they were thinking when they didn't include the lyrics, in both transliterated Armenian, and English. It might have inspired people of Armenian descent to learn more about the language if they don't already have an understanding of it. Or better yet, in the Armenian alphabet, transliterated, and English.I know I was disappointed when I found no lyrics for the songs. They have Bari Arakil and Giligia on the net, though, since Giligia has been covered often. I'm teaching myself that song, and already know Bari Arakil.Serj's dad Khatchadour's voice is wonderful, full of melody and emotion. For anyone who loves everything Armenian, like myself, it's worth checking out. It's mostly older folk songs with a couple new ones.Maybe when I learn Armenian sufficiently, I'll post the lyrics myself on the web, but that won't be for a while, since I still have to apply to University of Michigan, and get in before I can really start learning.Check it out; it's worth the money for a great listening experience.
In the style of Louisana Red , this album won't disappoint. Fisrt time I downloaded music not sure why the song's are different bit rates.
The album is great but definitely.. out of the blue! Where the heck is the singer from? With his unique accent when he sings in creole I'd say he is from Dominica or Saint-Lucia, but could somebody confirm that? I wonder if he released any other albums.Kyenbe red, pa moli, chante la bon mem!
Canciones Biblica is a collection of familiar children's songs, sung in Spanish. The music style is contemporary Christian, and is likely to be enjoyed by children. I purchased this item to help me learn Spanish, and it is helping.
Track listing:1. Punjabi Wedding Song (Balle Balle)2. Tunak Tunak Tun3. Chaal Baby4. Mehndi Laga Ke Rakhna5. Drum `n' Brass6. Arcana7. Hey Jamalo8. Dum Maro Dum9. Baraat To Nowhere10. Aaj Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai11. Samaro MantraPersonnel:Sunny Jain - dhol / drumset / percussionRohin Khemani - tavil / doumbekTomas Fujiwara - drumsetArun Luthra - soprano saxMike Bomwell - tenor saxSonny Singh - trumpetMike Williams - bass trumpetDave Smith - tromboneJohn Altieri - sousaphone
With so many Don Carlos songs and album this one stands out.  Some remakes of older songs remastered with very high quality and great sound.  Don Carlos is "really and truly" one of the best reggae artists ever.
Whether Valentine's Day or Groundhog's Day, it's always the right time for Mad Professor's imaginative production style. And it never hurts to have John McLean, Susan Cadogan and Kofi serenading you into a romantic evening. Slim Linton sets an ultracool mood with his flowery roots ballad, "Falling In Love," complete with polka-dot harmonies and pink-paisley keyboard riffs. A swinging roots rhythm provides a sweet, candy-colored frame for Sister Audrey's light vocals in "Love Was All I Had," and Intense's melodic masterpiece "Mellow" is always the perfect fit on any Lovers Rock compilation. Queen Omega's "I Love You" is an interesting experiment, pitching Mad Professor's quiet-jazz feel against Queen Omega's soul-queen vocal style. If these two collaborate in the future with a Lovers Rock project, a plush assortment of hits would result. I just hope Ariwa releases this type of album for Sweetest Day also.
Her voice is phenomenal but the sound of this one of her 1st recordings sounds poorly compared to her newer recordings. I hope she goes back and invests in better recordings for these gems..
I came across Carla Morrison through her first online singles of "Compartir" and a cover of Natalia Lafourcade's "No Viniste" and was intrigued.  She has a gorgeous, unique voice.  This EP is a great introduction to her music.  It's subtle and sweet-sounding, but by no means slight. One of those albums that makes you want to stop and really appreciate it fully.Fans of Natalia Lafourcade and Ximena Sarinana will enjoy this.Note on the physical copy: as Amazon states, these are manufactured upon order. The booklet only contains the cover art and track titles with no liner notes whatsoever. I would recommend the mp3 download, as this copy gives you none of the normal perks of buying an album on CD.
Arian Saleh is the effin man. This indie artist from NY is renown for his sultry sounds and hilarious lyrics. Download for a good time!
Nice array of music from Abney Park. Interesting concept, well executed. Not as dark as the album cover makes the content out to be.
i rather enjoyed this set of songs from Abney Park, it's their classic sound.  Saw them live, great show guys!!!
the album is like what reggae use to be and what is coming back to be, great album