This song is so well put together, it starts off slow like the sea and then picks up the pace as the lyrics go from promising enduring love to love that endures amidst unrequited romance.
"aadalaam vaa, paadalaam vaa, kondaadalaam vaa" translates to "come let us dance, let us sing, let us celebrate". It is a celebration not of party lights and mixed cocktails, it is a celebration of inner peace. Nadaka's Celebration is one of those rare fusion albums that brings a clean blend of South Indian and jazz music styles, without resorting to mundane loops and pretentious ambient hums.It has 4 tracks, which for some reason have been split into 12 in this mp3 album. The first, 'Celebration', wakes up your senses with a gentle joyful tune, urging you to sing, dance, celebrate. 'Inner Dawn' focuses your alertness with a rhythmic tune that goes into a joyous crescendo towards the end, in a beautiful solo of a South Indian raga. 'Oceania' is earthy and meditative, like a rich cup of South Indian coffee. The last track, 'Amrita', starts with a soothing guitar intro, and develops into a lilting tune that gently rocks you to sleep. By the end, you feel relaxed and refreshed at the same time.I had this on cassette a long time ago, and was glad to find the mp3 on Amazon. I remember the cassette had sleeve notes, wish Amazon would bundle sleeve notes with these mp3 albums as well.
By chance, we picked up this CD in Pondicherry, India. If you like simple, clean music, soothing to the ears and to the heart - then this is for you.
I came across Manose while listening to "Soul in Wonder" album. The fulte in there was so wonderful that I went looking for any of his other albums. This album is great! He plays three different raagas- the music is very soothing and peaceful
I love Manose Singh's Bansuri flute. Such a sensitivity and talent when he plays. I discovered him while listening Deva Premal and Mitten music. I play his music when I want to relax and it is a great support for my meditation.
Rachid and his accompanists are consummate musicians.  If you are a fan of the oud (lute) and Moroccan music you will not be disappointed.
This album has what I think is the best version of Ran Kan Kan that I have heard. Kako has just a killer timba in this one, along with a great bongo solo also. Cheo's rendition of NoHace Falta Papel speaks lyrically and literally of his awesome soneo skills and the pride he takes in his oh so difficult art of improvising. Cesta All Stars is just another of the several name changes given to Alegre All Stars for legal reasons. Although they changed their name, they still maintained theirselves atop their place of best descarga groups with this album.
I discovered this wonderful artist whilst observing a baguette-making video on Vimeo of all places! The song, Les chant des coquelicots was playing and while the bread looked delicious, it was the song that remained with me. I've bought her other album, Et Pourquoi le Crayons, as well.She is simply brilliant! Merci madmoiselle! :o)
This album is worth getting for the song Hotsy Totsy Girl alone. But really, it's all good: good for dancing (if you like to polka, and if you don't, what's wrong with you? I mean, if you don't, you should learn!) and also good for foot tapping and singing along (assuming you don't mind singing along with something really silly, and if you don't...)I had a little trouble finding the mp3 version, due to a link glitch on the Amazon web site. There are (currently) three albums by Big Lou, this one under the name &#34;Big Lou, the Accordion Princess&#34; and the others under the name &#34;Big Lou's Polka Casserole&#34; (yes, the other albums have a band name that is the same as this album name). All three are available in mp3, but it can take some search persistence to get there.
In My Opinion Its One Of the Beautiful Albums From Her...!! The Diva Of Puerto Rico!!! Absolutely!This amazing CD is hard-to-find!!
Not all bagpipe music is equal. This, however,is truly an excellent example of first class musicianship and a lovelyrepertoire of songs. Of course everyone ones loves the recognizablerendition of Amazing Grace on bagpipes, but this is a great introduction toother delightful melodies being performed on this distinctive and hauntinginstrument.
We love these songs, and my son keeps requesting the album.  La sinfonia de los peces and Elena la Ballena and La Bruja Loca are classics.
Awesome. If you're a bellydancer or Middle Eastern drummer, definitely buy this CD. You will love these classic rhythms and innovative  interpretations. "Nevik" is a percussive genius and knows how to blend Medieval, Middle Eastern, and Western rock rhythms seamlessly and with a big punch. I know whereof I speak because I've been in the bellydance business for over 10 years, and have seen few equal his intensity and spot-on timing. I heard him play live and had the privelege to jam with him once at Pennsic (I was the zill girl with the "mad rhythms" at Casa Bardicci :) and became an instant fan. Can't say enough good things... except to repeat, buy the disc!
I have this CD and I find myself playing it all the time!  The only thing I like doing more than listening to this CD is going to see this Band "LIVE"!!!
The only reason I know about this group is because of DJ Tabone from WRFG 89.3 (Atlanta). He played "Space" from this CD and I just fell in love with this group.  He also interviewed October(Sabrina) Rose and just listening to her talk about how they come up with their lyrics only made me want the CD even more.  I have downloaded the MP3 verision and will patiently await the CD to arrive in the mail.
LIghtning in a bottle, even the 'roughness' belies a live rehearsal caught in studio, lots of just loose, soulful jamming underneath the cream of the American conquerors. Sadly, it all fell apart soon after, and the wailers were no more, this catches them at the right time, place, and the fidelity and performances are literally stunning. I may nominate this as one of the greatest 'live' albums ever, in competition to "Curtis live' even!
Again great African french music for workout
This whole CD is AWESOME!!! Usually I'm not into the romantic side of Salsa...Maelos voice and lyrics are too beautiful, have to appreciate it
This is an excellent collection of great Irish classics.It is totally instrumental,so don't expect any ballads or rebel songs.Although there are 26 listings ,there are in fact many more tunes,since there are several different tunes under the same listing.Many of the tunes are very familiar ones,but just as many are less well known.It is simply a large collection ,without any break or announcements ; when one tune finishes and another begins;they just follow one after the other.There is no information given as to who the musicians are on each tune.I suspect the same are on each one;but I really don't know.It is an excellent collection that you'll just want to "put on" and sit back and enjoy,as background music,where every once in a while,you'll recognize a familiar tune.
I am very taken with this selection of music.  LOVE it.  I so wish I could find something just like this, but with a more base sound as well.  The ancient reed selection was so very spiritual it sent chills up my spine.
Great recording and excellent selections on this album.  Of course the orchestra is a must for any Tango enthusiast.
Just beautiful tango music! Classic tangos that are perfect for dancing and listening as well. I recommend it very highly.
For years I asked my mother to look for these songs from Nigeria for me because it's nostalgic for me; brings back fun memories of growing back in Africa. But she keeps telling me she can't find them. Little did I know it was right in my "back yard" of Amazon.com. I am so excited, I simply cannot contain myself. Hoorah Amazon!!!! Please bring back more songs like these.
Phenomenal mixture of salsa and merengue.  One of my favorite Latin albums of all time.  The salsa is a bit on the fast side, but even if you don't dance to it, it's great listening salsa.And, oh by the way, this is basically most of the soundtrack of Tropico 3.
Beautiful Album....yes!....Music for Love!....Lot of Sax (My favorite) and Piano!A must for Lovers and Sax Lovers!....Great Bedroom Music ;)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QQVV24/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
If you are into Ska and Reggae you will really appreciate and enjoy this CD. This band play the full spectrum of this style of music from early Skatalites to British two tone and American third wave. Great Jamaican style chatting and strong tight horn section. The Rudie Crew with have you Skanking in an instant.
This 2nd 2006 recording by Bongo player Luis Mangual is a VERY NICE old school style of Salsa album that features a musicality that is in between the 1980's Johnny Pacheco style of Cuban "Conj&uacute;nto" sound, and the Cuban Son-Mont&uacute;no sound with LOTS of VERY NICE, WELL MADE, and TASTEFUL horn arrangements that often typify pretty much Pacheco's style of music!I also find this recording very "flexible" in the sense that it could serve for any occasion from your "6.00pm Wine aperitif", to your "Salsa dancing party Cd" or even for your background music listening while working/browsing on the net...What I'm trying to say is that it is a VERY WELL MADE and balanced recording where nothing is too overpowering, and where you get a NICE combination between a NICE musical feel and a BIG ENOUGH intensity in the rhythm to make of this one a PROPERLY danceable recording ALL THE WAY THROUGH!Another GREAT thing here is that instead of going for previously recorded cover tunes, Luis Mangual decided to "break his head" to compose 5 of the 8 songs excluding the two Boleros (Songs 4 & 7) and Song 5, and probably also arranged the vast majority of the tunes here.It's also well worth mentioning that Luis Mangual was Johnny Pacheco's Bongo player in his GREATEST recordings between 1973-1979 with Pete "El Conde" Rodr&iacute;guez, Celia Cruz, H&eacute;ctor Casanova and Mexican Luis "Mel&oacute;n" Silva, and that he is the son of the late GREAT Latin-Jazz Bongo player Jos&eacute; Mangual Sr. "Buyu" who played with Mach&iacute;to between the 1940's-1960's, and is the brother of Bongo player/minor percussionist/singer Jos&eacute; Mangual Jr. who is this album's lead singer, and played with Willie Col&oacute;n from 1969 to the mid-80's...Song.1 is a NICE opener tune that sets this album's tone on a positive note straight away. It tells you the things that I mentioned on the title and on the 1st two paragraphs, and is also a ROCK-SOLID title-track that features a GREAT set of `T&iacute;pico' horn arrangements that definitely LIFT this tune's musicality up making it EVEN BETTER!...This is basically a GROWER of a tune that gets better and better as it goes on, and is a CLASSIC textbook example of what Salsa/Mont&uacute;no is all about!...A WINNER tune!...Song.2 begins in a VERY TYPICAL "Chappott&iacute;nesque" 1950's-early 60's Cuban mid-tempo style of "Salsa" feel to immediately switch to the Son-Mont&uacute;no sound with the Pianist doing the CLASSIC Cuban Piano Mont&uacute;no in the background...This tune also offers an "Electro-acoustic" Tres-guitar solo in the middle, further SOLID horn arrangements, and a slightly different style of Chorus change for Mangual Jr. to improvise in between even further for a NICE finale to the tune!...GREAT stuff!...(I might as well mention that this track is dedicated to Tres-guitarist/bandleader Arsenio Rodr&iacute;guez, Trumpetist/Bandleader F&eacute;lix Chappott&iacute;n, and Singer [Sonero] Miguel&iacute;to Cu&ntilde;&iacute; who were basically the founding figures of the evolution of Cuban music from the singer-oriented Trios/the more rhythmic kind of Sextets/Septets, to the updated/augmented format of this music through the addition of the Piano, the Conga-drum, and the extra Trumpets...)Song.3 (Love is happiness) is a "pretty" song that talks about "perfect love" with another NICE Cuban style of Salsa feel that WILL DEFINITELY NOT PUT OFF ANY LISTENERS OF PROPRE SALSA!As well as having a pretty good liveliness to it, this tune also offers a credible Piano solo by Victor Santos followed by SOLID horn arrangements that WILL "re-boost" the dancers just after for what is ANOTHER SOLID tune that gets BETTER and BETTER!...Song.5 is very emotive tune featuring a NICE, melancholic and "pretty" 1st part with Ada Chabrier on vocals lamenting about an impossible love that basically was false and unfaithful...The 2nd part features a VERY AGREEABLE and SUBSTANTIOUS melodic musicality with VERY TASTEFUL arrangements ONCE AGAIN, and a GOOD mid-tempo danceable swing at the same time.GREAT stuff!...Song.6 is straight away distinguished by the distinctive sound of the Cuban Guaj&iacute;ra musicality!...Therefore there is an OBVIOUS Guaj&iacute;ra-Son style of feel through this NICE harmonious mid-tempo Salsa tune that features some catchy and rhythmic enough choruses, some brief Tres-guitar soloing in the middle and some good singing by Mangual Jr. on vocals.ANOTHER FINE tune!...Song.8 finishes this album on a POSITIVE note, and comes back to the usual traditional/"T&iacute;pico" style of Cuban salsa tune that PERFECTLY describes this album, with good dynamic arrangements, NICE musicality, GOOD danceable swing, and also a lyric about a big and old painful love relation that didn't work because of lack of sincerity from the other part...(PLEASE, DO NOT LET LOVE-RELATED LYRICS PUT YOU OFF IN A RECORDING LIKE THIS ONE!)If you exclude the 2 Ballads, you get a total play-time of 33.12 mins of music making it G.V.F.M, BUT, this is NOT RELEVANT for those of you who buy this album on MP3 as you can select the songs that you like YOURSELVES!(I also thought that the "Ballads" did turn out to come out pretty nicely and were to some extent enjoyable enough (even for me) who usually never likes Boleros!...)Otherwise, it is VERY AGREEABLE to hear a style of recording like this one in 2006 which isn't modern/boring Salsa without sensitivity/feel, which features SUBSTANTIOUS musicality, GREAT old style of engineering/mixing which doesn't sound badly mixed at all and SUPER-ELECTRONICALLY ARTIFICIAL...UNFORTUNATELY, these sort of recordings are becoming "niche" recordings and A RARITY in today's market!...(I can say the same about Luis Mangual's 2007 follow-up recordingAbril En Pariswhich features a remake of Bomba Mangual which they initially recorded in 1986 with their father on the albumUna Dinastiaoriginally released on Caim&aacute;n Records.)[ALL are now available to buy through amazon's MP3 Downloads!...]"Happy hunting"!...Musicians:Luis Mangual: Leader/Bongoes/Cenc&eacute;rro-cowbellJose Mangual Jr: Vocals/Choruses/PercussionLuis Mangual Jr: Conga-drumsAda Chabrier: Choruses/Vocals [5]Luis Soto: ChorusesLuis Do&ntilde;ez/Leo M&eacute;ndez: TrumpetsJerry Madera/Ray Mart&iacute;nez: BassVictor Santos: PianoJoe Pe&ntilde;a: Tres-guitar
Kiosk is an amazing band when it comes to musical and lyrics innovation! Every song will leave you thinking, while putting a smile on your face with its clever humor.All the songs are in Persian, but the music is Rock-inspired.This album, and their next one "Eshghe Sorat", are a must for any Persian-speaking person!
I cant belive nobody has reviewed this yet. These guys are the best, great music awsome vocals.Crucial and Joy are both fantastic albums but their second album (More Herb For The Youth)is the best. You can get that one and a couple others for free on the myspace page of Josh Heinrichs former lead singer of Jah roots, they dont sell their first three albums anywere i can find but hey free works to right. So if you like reggae in any way shape or form or even if you dont like reggae check these guys out.
This is a wonderful album that ranges from sentimental tunes that leave me awestruck with their beauty to feet-kicking reels that make me want to grab a girl and dance. Put a pint under your belt and discover this brilliant music. The whistle playing is incredibly skillful. Seriously, somebody sold their soul to the devil to play this well.Enough, I guess. I simply love it.
I lost my first copy and was so happy to be able to download it!
What a wonderful journey for the spirit.Music and instruments from around the world woven together with a sense of purpose.
I enjoyed almost every track on the album. It's especially great for when you're at work or doing something that requires concentration. There's something about the way it sounds.
Zhang Ruei is a true master of the erhu. In these recordings, he is as expressive with two strings as the finest violin players are with their multi-stringed instruments.  The unique almost human voice of the erhu is as good as it gets in this excellent collection of Chinese classics.  Very relaxing.  Recording quality is also excellent.  A great buy!
The moon reflected in Er-Quan, the theme piece of the album, was written by a musician who was born blind, orphaned at a young age, lived most of his short life as a homeless person in war-torn China, taught himself Er-hu (Chinese violin), and composed this piece to tell his story, almost as a musical autobiography. It summarized not just a lifelong of suffering, but also endurance, hope, and finally triumph over self pity. This bittersweet piece was masterfully interpreted by Zhang Ruei: I especially enjoyed the contrast between the slow movement at the beginning (sadness and hesitation), the seemingly monotone middle (endurance and suffering), and the grand finale (triumph of self pity).
Nice mellow mood music from a great pianist. Avo Uvezian is a master at the piano.Wish he had a few more albums to download.
I hadnt heard of Maelo before but when I heard the song Te Necesito the first time I just HAD to listen to the rest of the music and its quality music,his own style and his voice is angelic....plan on getting ALL his music now.
maelo ruiz has always been for me the best modern salsa! is a classic that can not miss in your collection this disc gave fame to great songs maelo very good songs ..
This album is by a person I attended school with, but regardless, I would still rate it highly as it has just variety, creativity and beautiful arrangements with a unique blend of instruments and vocals.
What a delight and surprise to find this album!  I am charmed into listening to it over and over.  And it's summertime where I live.
Of spoken word verse, enchanting (sometimes melancholy) music, and traditional vocals. Love this and wish they group had additional albums.
I love it. Now I can try sing like him. Now I don't need to be worry because it sounds like the original soundtracks when Javier recorded his songs.
Unseen Famili : Compilation Vol 1 - Reveiw in THE BEATHere's a newly assembled posse of promising dancehall, hip-hop and r&b; talent known as the Unseen Famili, with artists such as E-Dee, Ms. Triniti, Junior P, Jahzmyne, Father Times and of course maestro Qmillion behind the boards. The mixtape kicks off with E-Dee on "More Girls" and Ms. Triniti on "Nah Go Hold Us Back" both over the "Sigi Tolo" riddim that makes it just impossible not to get into. By the time the puslating tonic of the "Got Milk" riddim flings Junior P's "Hot Ride" in, you'll certify this crew as legit especially with Junior P's never missing-a-beat flow on the mic. A seasoned veteran in the Rastafari family of djs, he demonstrates nuff experience in all of his recordings. Ms Triniti closes this intoxicating riddim's session with her "Fa da Luv of da Dancehall" but with more undiscovered riddims brewed in the sunny Unseen Lab of California, even a roots rub-a-dub, one drop "Freedom" riddim cooks up in this pot of bubbling talent where Junior P sings "They Should Have Known", while Irie Love on "Revival" blesses up melodic consciousness and Jahzmyne on "Fingertips" turns the direction towards more of a lovers rock feel, and just like great sex, you'll wish her singing wouldn't end. - Mr Marlon
This is a must have for any fan of classic Ska, I listen to this recording often and it hasn't gotten old.
Awesome album.  For roots fans, highly recommended along with The Twinkle Brothers' "Since I Throw The Comb Away - Live at Reggae Sunsplash".
In this humble view, it is probably the best assembled Latin Jazz album ever. Released decades ago; it remains unmatched in seamless transition of the various themes in the album.
Eddie Palmieri really manages the fusion jazz sound, along with salsa and other more Latin, Caribbean tones and melodies, into a really enjoyable recording.  If you like pure Latin salsa a la Grupo Niche, it's in there.  If you like stylish jazz piano, it's in there.  If you like 70s fusion jazz a la Weather Report, it's in there.  In the end, this is just a really happy, melodic, recording of great rhythmic jazz music, regardless of the genre's brought in.  Try it, you'll love it!
We bought this music for my daughter to practice her Highland Dance to.  It's perfect and exactly what we wanted.  Wonderful pipe music!
This is some of the most beautiful music I have ever heard in my life! It ranges from lively to poignant to majestic. At times I can hear birds singing in flight, at other times water cascading.  The tone of Zeng Zhao-Bin ranges from earthy to ethereal depending on her slightest whim. This is a jade flute recreated from ancient texts and the sound has not been heard for a thousand years.
This is the dopest instrumental album I've heard in a while.  Whoever this is, they have done something great with all of the internet hype surrounding the enigma that is Clutchy, and I think it makes the music even better.  Super jazzy, funky, and definitely with a hip hop back bone, this is a record you could buy without even previewing.  Don't sleep on Clutchy the way he sleeps on the floor of that cave.  Oh yeah, and all of his other albums are tight as well.  Even the seventies jazz records.
Amazing debut from a mysterious, shady character who supposedly lives in a cave in the Mojave desert.  Essential music for love-making, trip-taking, and rhyme-spitting.  Get on the Clutchy train, whoooo whoooo!
It's a really strange album, meaning that it's wonderful but I cannot explain why I like it so much.Relaxing without being boring, I recommend it; listen the preview, though, not everybody will like it
I heard of this guy through MF Doom and thought I should check 'em out. I love it because this is me trying to expand from what I usually love to listen to (hip hop) and actually enjoying it. There is a lot of great sounds to like here. Reminds me of DJ Shadow's Entroducing. If you are looking for good, alternative, hip hop beats, this is the album to buy.
I want to add my voice to the raves which have already been expressed on behalf of this remarkable artist. My initial reaction to her singing was wow, wow, WOW! She really knocked my socks off! I stumbled upon Marieann while looking for a nice rendition of a song that I love called "Something New In My Life." It's one of my favorite songs and I originally heard it sung by Julie Andrews and Placido Domingo in duet. Stephen Bishop recorded a version of the song in the 80's. Julie and Placido sing the song in a wonderful Christmas special I have on DVD called "The Sound of Christmas," but the soundtrack for the special was never released in CD format. I never thought anyone could ever come close to that rendition by Julie and Placido, but Marieann does! I am absolutely stunned by her performance! She actually surpasses that version and the Stephen Bishop version too! I seriously never thought that would be possible.Marieann's voice is a voice that cannot be ignored. It's that good. She belts out a song with the power of any one of the great female singers. If I had to compare her voice to anyone else's, I would say that it most resembles Leann Rimes, with a touch of Linda Eder and just a dash of Bette Midler. That is high praise indeed. Having said that, though, I want to stress that this woman is an original. Her renditions of these songs are unique and incomparable, truly. Her version of the theme from "Valley of the Dolls," for example, is heart-wrenching, and it far surpasses the original version sung by Dionne Warwick! Imagine that! Marieann's singing will give you goosebumps for sure, and that I can guarantee!Please don't hesitate to buy this song collection! You won't be disappointed! Marieann's vocal performances equal even exceed those of the greatest female voices of song, and it doesn't get any better than that!
Whenever you think about Argentinean music, you think about Tango.But there exist a whole universe of Argentinean folkloric music as representative as Tango or more so. Tango actually is Buenos Airs City's music.Here you have a collection of songs that express the soul of the "gaucho" (the cowboy of the "Pampas", the Flatlands from Argentina).The present compositions emerges from a different Provinces (Argentinean States), charged with their peculiar rhythms and sounds.These MP3 collects the first songs sang by the quartet."Angelica" is a typical love song about a casual encounter with a beauty from Cordoba Province."Sapo Cancionero" the composer talks about....the Frog that he imagines in love with the Moon, even if it's conscious of its own ugliness.In "Paisajes de Catamarca" the poet describes the land as seen from Portezuelo's Heights, he sang to "thousand different green tints" and to the "scattered little towns"."El Arriero Va" is a composition from famous folklorist Atahualpa Yupanqui, about a typical gaucho's job: taking care of cattle flock thru Argentinean pampas.The "Chalchaleros" is one of the more traditional Argentinean folkloric bands. Their voices mingle with the sounds of guitars and "bombo" (big drum) in a seamless flow springing from the heart of the land.This is a music collection to be treasured by anyone in love with folk music of distant lands.Reviewed by Max Yofre.
I can't say enough good things about Circus Contraption, especially about this CD.  Out of all their work, this CD is still my favorite.  There is a good variety of styles in the music and it's all good quirky fun.
This review was written by GIORGOS E. PAPADAKIS from Eleftherotipia magazine in Greece:** PASATEMPO REBETIKA WITH CHRISTOS GOVETAS (: CH. GOVETAS & DISC MAKERS PENNSAUKEN Nj. USA)This CD is remarkable in a multitude of ways. A Greek of the diaspora, Christos Govetas plays and sings rebetika among other things,and if we judge from his work in "Pasatempos" in terms of substance, we would place him among the best interpreters of the old rebetika songs.Songs of Tsitsani, Mitsaki, Vamvakari, Skarveli, Hioti and other,that vary in style and interpretational requirements, are expressed in a way that surprise with the mood they create. Directness, austerity, simplicity and beauty, without make-up and other cheap tactics with which we have been consistently bombarded in the many years of the "resurgence" of rebetiko.I would place many of Govetas' re-interpretations immediately next to the originals: "San apokliros Yirizo", "Kaike ena sholio", "Oso varia in' ta sidera", "O Boufetzis", and this urges us to focus our attention on our compatriot who lives in Columbus' country.For more information not only on this CD (that as we recently learned will also circulate in the Greek market) but also with other releases and activities of Christos Govetas, the CD insert prompts you to visit their website at: [...]
Discover this band through the internet. Good tango music. Their web site taught me a few things about tango that i did not know
Maybe not quite as polished and sensitive (or well produced) as their later work, but lovely nonetheless. (Their "Live 2007" and "Siete Tandas" albums are my favorites so far).
I met Eric Stone at the strictly sail Chicago.  He was kind enough to stop for a minute, sign my cd and pose for a photo.
Check out this band - they are an original hard rock band - like 1979 meets 2007... freaky but cool. Their version of Pretty Vegas rocks!- Mark
It's surprising how much I liked this album. If there was a category of music called "alternative indie electronica" then this album would be front and center. There is a clear New Order influence here swirling in the melancholic backgrounds, with an occasional whiff of the Sundays, and a dash of Sunscreem and Blondie, a veritable pot pourri of depressive influences that work well together.For example, consider the song "Kit Club Hotel". Any song that begins with 'You remind me of an open sore' deserves careful attention. So one isn't surprised when the lyrics end on a nadir: 'It's too late for me'. Good stuff.The album is released by Hybris, an independent Swedish label, and the frigid northern Scandinavian air is palpable throughout the album, like the foggy bleak backdrop of a Wallander episode. The Krister Henriksson version, that is, since Kenneth Branagh still reminds me of Henry V, and I expect him at any moment to trot into Ystad Police Station on a charger muttering "we few, we happy few, we band of brothers" under his breath.
I can't help but dance when I listen to this music.  I have been listening to reggae music for more than 20 years, and Famara is one of my favorite artists.  They have great beats and lyrics.  Everytime I listen, I am instantly loving life.
Excellent thrash lead vocals , rhythmic and harmonic melodies, fast riffs of solo guitars , deep gloomy bass , and fast drumming. Some songs are speeded up rocknroll , thrash , and speed metal. A good mix of metal music for headbangers worldwide. I recommend this product to everyone.
As a life-long fan of this genre, having imbibed it with my mother's milk I do believe, I am absolutely delighted with this album. I have no hesitation in recommending it to all and sundry who have the discernment, good taste in music and good fortune to have been born Irish.
Love Dervish.  They're an incredibly talented group of musicians, and the live CD is entertaining and makes you feel like you are there!  If you love Irish music, get this CD.
High energy, high quality Irish music from accomplished Irish musicians. I like the live performance feel.Recommended
I just loved it !!!! One of my favorites groups of all time the selection of these pieces outstanding . I myself would probably included "preludio para estephania" but as they say you can't have it all.
I Downloaded the album a few weeks ago and I have to say they are a good group. Very harmonic in their voice, and they have a sharp delivery.  Im not the biggest reggaeton or latin hip hop fan, but Chica Sensual, Seguir Fumando, and Bailen Con Migo definately have good flow.  The others a pretty good too, but these are my favorite.
I really enjoyed this album. I discovered this artist through a free mp3 from Amazon.  the free mp3 was "se fue" from a new album.  I bough this album and found Nada to be a beautifully haunting song, about longing for someone who is absent.  All of her music is beautifully written, it is poetic, and between her voice and the words, the mood is clear.  Another favorite from this album is Domingo Sin Final (or something to that effect) I don't have the album in front of me.  The back ground music is Tango Argentinian..I really enjoyed her music and I am surpriswed that she is not better known to the masses...This is a treasure
I never heard of Larry Porter until I started looking for music played on the rebab, the wooden fretboard version of the Indian sarod. (Really, the sarod came from the rebab, according to all the legends.) I found a take of him playing rebab on YouTube. I watched the cut & then thought &#34;Who's the guy playing rebab?&#34; I thought it was a person from Central Asia. When I found out the musician was another gringo like me, I listened to the cut again & went straight to Amazon to search for downloadable MP3sYes, the selection of rebab music -- and musicians playing rebab -- is large. I downloaded a bunch of local, native folks from Central Asia, including some Uy&#287;ur musicians, and a two collections of Larry Porter's playing too. As a gringo, he does a beautiful job of not sounding like he's playing mood music for a parapsychological channeling event. Good old-fashioned Central Asian melody lines, improvisations & straight ahead playing. Talented guy. Makes a pretty good Afghan. For a gringo..
This collection of songs features one of the finest brass ensembles in the USA.  The writing and arranging are second to none.  In my 40 plus years of professional music experience I would say that Hollywood producers are missing the boat in not using some of these songs as soundtracks for their movies.
If you are a lover of Jazz--I don't mean Smooth Jazz--I mean authentic Jazz featuring syncopated rhythm, improvisation, and extended harmony, you will adore this CD. Mr. Smith truly is dedicated to his craft. His playing is masterful. This CD displays his ability to not only play in the vein of several great Jazz Pianists that have preceded him (think Herbie Hancock, Thelonious Monk, McCoy Tyner, and Horace Silver) but Mr. Smith has incorporated his own style into the mix. If you purchase this CD, trust me, you are in for a treat.
Step right up, ladies and gentlemen, get 'em while they're hot!Circus Contraption is an amazing Seattle-based performing troupe who also happen to be great musician in the circus/klezmer style.  Dark, funny, charming and satirical, they have a Brechtian/Tom Waits-ish style that is uniquely theirs and not to be missed.Unfortunately, after 10 years of performing in Seattle and across the country, including to rave reviews in New York, they are calling it quits as a troupe and going separate ways.  In a few years, who knows if you will be able to find and buy this music still?Get 'em while they're hot!
Mesmerizing sound that instrument creates. Heard it for the first time on my Pandora radio and had to find the source, which I did, of course on Amazon MP3
They guys are truly awesome love all their songs my personal favorite is bowl for 2 can't go wrong with that song
This is by far my favorite album that The Expendables have produced. It mixes reggae and punk rock seamlessly. 10/10. Great album.
Very good music, easy to listen to, excellent lyrics.  These guys can rock and play super mellow.  So far these guys are my favorite band in this genre, I really never feel like they are trying to sound like someone else.  Sounds are very catchy and thoughtful.  Very highly recommended.  First bought Open Container then this album, this one takes first so far.
These guys are great.  I bought it with the impression of a subtle feel.  Was I wrong.  They are all over the place.From punk to reggae.  Love it.  Keeps you guessing will listening.
Great album. The change in the "scenery" from song to song is great. Uses different realms of music. Give it a listen even if not a fan of this style music.
We traveled to St John in the Virgin Island and we saw Inner Visions in live at "The Beach Bar" directly on the beach ... waterfront in Cruz Bay.  Dude!  This band is freakin' awesome.  They should be huge.  They should not be playing to 100 people at a little bar on a little island.  They should be playing to thousands in arenas.I am not complaining.  I will remember it forever and I hope they are still playing at this little bar next time we are there.Since this first introduction to Inner Visions, I have acquired every one of their CD's.  Every song on every CD is good or great.  I am not the ultimate authority on reggea.  You are free to disagree, but these guys just sound really good to my ears.  The main vocalist has the smoothes tone.  I own Bob Marley's greatest hits, a few Ziggy Marley CD's, Steel Pulse True Democracy and one or two other reggae groups.  Inner Visions sounds at least as good as anything on any of these CD's.  Grab a cold beer, crash into a comfy chair, play any Inner Vision CD and enjoy an hour of bliss.This is good stuff.  Get some for yourself.
Emma Ninel is my most favorite voice in the worldI feel her songs in my heart and her voice washes the listener of all the noise.Emma's voice is healing - genuine and perfect as isIf you love beautiful soft music that will transport you to a peaceful placethis is for you.
I have listened to this album and think the world should know about this singer/songwriter, Emma Ninel. Her voice is ethereal, fluid, moving, clear, and angelic. More I can't say. Listen for yourself. You'll be glad you did.Susan
This album is a must have for any true roots reggae fan.  If this album is not in your collection you need to stop everything and get this today.  This album is a fantastic combination of Jacobs smooth vocals and lovely reggae tunes.  If you are unsure of Jacob Miller as an artist, this is a great cd to start with.  I'm sure once you listen to this, you will be a Jacob Miller fan for life.Please buy this today.
I'm a big Jamaican music fan and recently had been playing "Tenement Yard" from Inner Circle quite a bit.  I finally decided to check out some other titles by Jacob Miller and found this MP3 album for $7.99.  I purchased the tracks only to discover it had a $5.00 discount!  For $2.99 I am enjoying 20 of Jacob Miller's fantastic works.  Highly recommended if you enjoy Reggae vocals, or just Reggae in general.  In my opinion Jacob Miller ranks up there just under Bob Marley for vocal skills.  It's a huge shame he died so young.  Definitely worth a listen!
A fairly thorough collection of The Ethiopians' music, covering the rocksteady era and the unmistakable "chugging" sound of skinhead reggae.  This underrated Jamaican vocal group masterfully evolved through these early reggae styles, with Leonard Dillon's lyrics representing roots culture before Rasta roots came to dominate popular music in early 1970s Jamaica.  Highlights include "Pirate," "Reggae Hit the Town," "No Baptism," "Hong Kong Flu," "The Selah," "Israel Want to Be Free," and "Everything Crash."  Highly recommended for any reggae fan.
An amazingly diverse and moving album. I literally had to stop all work and let the music take over. If you like slow airs, atmospheric settings and barn-burner jigs and reels, this is your album.
This music touches my soul.  I'm grateful to all the artists involved - thanks for sharing your music with the world! &#60;3
The CD is extremely enjoyable. I encourage people to buy it. I listen to it almost daily. Wonderful voices and the music is contagious.
I bought this cassette in a small town in Ontario in the early stages of a cross-continent walkabout in 2001. This astonishingly textured music greatly inspired my experience of the majesty of wild North America. I clearly remember the awe I felt raptly feeling its call again and again as I penetrated old-growth forests of ancient cedar and passed through cathedral groves of redwoods and Douglas fir. This music, incorporating a rich fusion of worldwide indiginous melodies, chants, and instruments (like the didgeridoo as a drone), made me understand something of what it must have been like to experience a vision quest. GREAT driving music if you are alone in the wilderness!If there is anything else by these artists I would love to know about it.Mary
Very relaxing and meditative.  I can listen to this and take myself into meditation very effortlessly.  One of my best CD's!
first of all, i didnt hear any of these yet.But im buying this album.Why?Becuase I have a CD called "Tatanka Best of Indian's Song"It has the same exact cover design.  It's strange cuase....the songs on this cd that i have are different than the songs in this mp3 album.this has 15 songs.White BuffaloChirapasAnanauTatankaAyhuayYaguarpacJucuyari RIcushunSisaryRelampagoscanela GuaytaReydanceFly CondorLaylo LalyoDawvaLove MountainOh hey!  I just spotted out an email on the back of the cd case.  I will email to see what's going on.Anyways, I heard the all 15 songs and love them.So i came to amazon and tried to search more from these people, and im happy to see that these songs are different.Love the melodies and notes.
This album is great! It's perfect for ayurvedic massage. I think once in a while there are few annoying "twangs" of the string instrument (sitar?) but overall it is totally relaxing. It definitely gives the eastern/indian vibe, and though I imagine not everyone would love it, it is perfect for my practice. Listen to the samples first, they are a good indication of what you will get. I love the flute mixed in, it definitely softens the other instruments.
This is my home-exercise music.  I put on the cumbias and dancer-cise!  Fun songs with a great beat make exercising enjoyable.
one of the BEST dub albums i have listened to. it is my FIRST experience with the artist Jah Shaka.  what a collaboration  !!
I've been a big fan of Shooglenifty for years, discovering them as an intern at Compass Records.  Since then, I've always kept an eye on new music and Troots is definitely one of their best.  Lots of great celtic melodies, insanely catchy hooks and amazing mixing and recording quality.
I love Capercaille. As usual they never disappoint! When you want traditional with a very eclectic twist this is the band to listen to
Great album.Perfect for the Celtic Spirit who wishes a darker, more "Gothic" texture, or especially for men-based groups.
I'm not terribly well versed in Bulgarian Music. The reason I downloaded this album was because Wikipedia listed Bulgarian Folk Music as having odd metered time signatures. That's the cool part.Most of a songs are in 5/8, 7/8, or 11/8. Bulgarian music is divided up into groups of 3 or 2 beats, so the time signatures are usually written as 2+3/8 or 2+2+3/8. Makedonski Vihur is in 4+4+3+2+3/15 as best I can tell.The instruments are pretty standard, but the recording quality is good, so if you like odd metered songs in a more folk sounding setting (as opposed to, say, Venetian Snares), this CD is great.
maybe a word here and there. I think it's sort of funny-sounding when it's being spoken actually, but it sounds less harsh and quite nice when it's in a pop song. Sibiria are good singers and good melodists (that's sort of a real word?) and they make it sound very pretty. The members' voices gel very well together when they sing in chorus, and they can carry a tune like nobody's business. Some of the stuff on here is poppier and some is more ballad-like. It's really excellent stuff to listen to at work or when you're painting/drawing. I would also recommend checking out another Swede-band, Vapnet.
Jollee Abraham has a gifted voice and I have enjoyed hearing most of the Christian songs he has sung. This is one of his very best collection.
Very good disc to spend with family and friends to liven up and entertain both young and old at gatherings
The source material is killer, the band is killer, the production is killer, and the final product is - you guessed it - killer.Please praise Jehovah and give thanks for his only begotten son Jesus Christ who died once for all time about 2,000 years ago. May Jehovah bless you.
It's incredible how Brazil has so many incredible and original artists.  I am quite suspicious for being Brazilian, but in this case this is so much true.  It's really worth it.  Karina's voice and accent is so nice, relaxing and delicate like a flower.
Excellent, beautiful music by true experts wielding magnificent talents, worthwhile to appreciate, enjoy, and replay frequently enough to listen with the same joy again and again!
I love Bata drumming, and this is a great recording!  You can hear all the drums clearly, the rhythms are happening, and Alfredo Calvo has a powerful voice.The other two records of essential Bata (in my opinion) are Milton Cardona's "Bembe" and "Sacred Rhythms of Cuban Santeria" (on Folkways).  This one definitely has the rawest vocals and the roughest overall feel, and I mean that in the best possible way.  A beautiful record.
This work features the late Mexican singer Rita Guerrero who was a founding member of the rock band Santa Sabina. This is a departure from the material she created with Santa Sabina. The music is beautiful and really showcases Rita's talent, capacity, and training as a singer.
It is a wonderfull record, but I don't want to &#34;pump&#34; the stupid MP3 on the stupid itunes soft  - I want the real thing - a CD! Something to hold in my hands and admire. Something to listen to on my extraordinary hi-end stereo system. I haven't found a single album of Chinese Traditional music to be sold on Amazon in a CD format - what I disappointment!! We are drifting farther and farther away from the real sound -what a tragedy for real music lovers.... But no worries! LPs are back despite the fact that there was a time when everyone has burried them and thought they were over and done with. CDs will be back too! It will take some time, but all this &#34;virtual&#34; not real crap will fade away and the real things will come back. Check my word!
Transforming  carries one away to Pure Lands  I highly recommend this beautiful music to everyone.  A must for any practitioner
There is much in the news today about the Chinese juggernaut and it's implications for the west. If this album is any indication, comedy is yet another area in which the Chinese will soon dominate - and rightly so too. &#34;Secrets words of Mice&#34; is probably the most dead-on comedy about mice that I've ever heard. Not a surprise though, since rodents originated in Asia, giving the Chinese a few millenia to observe the little rascals and hone their shtick. &#34;The Revenge of Fake Wine&#34; rings so true, you don't know whether to laugh or cry. &#34;Understanding of Hou Da&#34; easily stands as social commentary equal to anything Richard Pryor has put to vinyl. &#34;More or Less&#34; is exactly that. &#34;Visiting The Patient&#34; reminds you of why you need to get all your shots before going to Beijing, and to pray that you don't get sick from the food. &#34;Point Out Mother as a Horse&#34; is so rich it could be expanded to a movie (my suggestion-Sarah Jessica Parker in the mother/horse role). The comedy baton has been passed.
I only recently became acquainted with the Zheng instrument, when Texas Tech University music department streamed year end concerts, which included one focused on the zheng. Without seeing the instrument played, or unless one is familiar with the instrument, you will find it difficult to believe that all the different musical sounds on this recording are coming from one musical instrument. The sounds could, it seems, be coming from an entire orchestra, not a single instrument. So, if you are not familiar with the instrument, keep it mind as you listen that all sounds are being produced on a single musical instrument.The songs on this album are not as diverse as the ones in the TTU recital, but they are still rather complex, and produce very pleasant listening, especially if one closes ones eyes and tries to imagine the instrument being played as you listen. I urge you to give it a try. I think you will like it.
The greatest thing about this song collection is that it sounds as if the musical arrangement has been remastered yet the vocals have remained untouched, which makes it more enjoyable
Excited to hear a new voice whose music is enjoyable to listen to.  I am finding myself liking the cd more as I play it each time. If you like Asian female artists. Then this cd will be a plus to a music collection
This has to be the best, or one of the very best, modern Afro-Cuban Folkloric CDs I have heard. The recording quality is beautiful, the songs are well-written, there is a nice flow to the CD, and it has a nice variety of instrumentation and arrangement within the material. Cohesive without being too repetitive.
Have been a fan of Grace since the mid 70s. This remix of My Jamaican Guy is very clean, very fresh.
It is the great Lola Beltran.  She is the mother of a great and memorable style.  Mexico's greatest vocalist of all time.  Every song is wonderful and full of the passion that made her so famous throughout the world.  Buy it, close your eyes and let her voice take you to another place in time.
Lola Beltran is one of the old time greatest female Mexican singers and to have her sing Jose Alfredos songs is a great treat.
I have to give Ralph Irizarry an A+ for an amazing interpretation of Ray Barretto & La Lupe's work/music. I love and HIGHLY recommend this album to all traditional lovers of salsa.
Unlike a lot of huqin tracks which focus extensively on the solo instrument, this album is well balanced between traditional Chinese instrumentation and Western ensemble backup.  The end result is unmistakeably Chinese, but having the Western additions adds a lot to the quality and style of sound.  The music spans a wide variety of emotions - calm and contemplative, wistful, dramatic, and energetic, to name a few.  I held off purchasing any music in this genre until I found the "right" album, and this certainly fits the bill.
Great hidden GEM.Everyone is used to the new Remixes with Bally Sagoo etc.  This is the original. The way Khan Sahib did his real music. A must have.
This album will get you out of the chair and moving. Fruko Y sus Tesos look for more of there albums
Super easy setup. Easy to use. Perfect for the on the move business traveler. I wish it came with a usb printer cable.
House remakes of top 80's hits are found in this excellent compilation by Byron Brizuela. These cover versions are translated into Spanish giving them an original spin. Brizuela manages to recruit great vocalists for this production, and many  them, such as Henrik, give these new versions a true touch of that 80's magic, evoking the voice of Cetu Javu and other stars of such nostalgic era. This is a great addition to club dj's and 80's music aficionados.
I believe I have all of Joseph Fire Crow's recordings and of them all this is my favorite collection. Even though it may not be technically the most authentic in terms of unplugged native music, because of the electronics, I really love the themes, compositions, the way the songs are arranged in order on the CD and the melodies.
After graduating from Dartmouth College in 1962, I drove to Berkeley, California. I was a Wells Fargo bank teller by day and a jazz trumpet player at night. I met Trevor Koehler, a baritone saxophonist, and followed his quartet around, playing rehearsals and gigs. Smiley Winters was the drummer. This tune is my thanks to Trevor for including me in his music. He was the first white guy I knew who was living the "jazz life." He moved to New York in the early 1970's and played/toured with the Gil Evans Orchestra. He was also a part of (and named) a group called "The Insect Trust.""While We're Young" is an Alec Wilder tune I heard Tony Bennett sing on a PBS radio show hosted by Alec. Tenor player Buck Hill went on to record for Steeplechase Records and play in NYC and Europe as well. I believe this is the finest recorded example of his ballad playing artistry."Continue" is perhaps my most complex composition and is intended, hopefully, as an inspiration to "get through" life's difficult transitions,and continue.Another mentor from my California days was tenor player Gentry Baker. I met him at a session in Oakland and we became pals. I used to pick him up at 5:30A.M. and we'd drive over the Bay Bridge to Jack's of Sutter Street, in the Fillmore district of San Francisco, to sit in with Richard "Groove" Holmes at the Saturday morning jam sessions. (It was the one and only time I played with "Philly" Joe Jones.) One day, on the phone, I asked Gentry how a musician friend we knew was playing. Gentry said, "He Had It But He Lost It."This album was licensed to Bomba Records, Tokyo, in 1994
I love Graceland.  Paul Simon heard this music of Soweto, added his own lyrics, included South African musicians, and had a hit album.  In doing so, he helped give those musicians worldwide appeal and he nudged aparteid to the brink.  Others heaved it over the edge.  I have the Beat of Soweto and Graceland on an iPod playlist along with Tony Bird and King Sunny Ade.
I play this music during meditation, to center myself while getting ready in the morning and during client session, sweet, deep, softly reminding of our connections to ....
This album rips, and is definitely a must have for any Jackie fan, a fan of Jamaican Jazz, Ska, and Roots Reggae. Since it is just an album with instrumentals, it's probably not for casual (Bob Marley) reggae fans. It has a 70's jazzy reggae vibe.  It makes for great background party music, driving music and/or kicking back with a spliff and some friends on a sunny day.
I purchased the MP3 version of this album.Despite never having tried to use MP3 to download any music,I found the process simple and rewarding and will use it again.I love the album!
I recently heard Charlie Shaffer's &#34;When I Dream&#34; on Sirius radio and fell in love with it.  The other songs on the album are wonderful as well.  Certainly worth listening to; I love it.
He Xunyou is He Xuntian's brother. He wrote the the beautiful lyrics for Dadawa's million selling "Sister Drum" and other songs. His lyrics are more famous than himself. This album is inspired by ancient Chinese terracotta figures and makes very interesting listening. There is some similarity in sound to He Xuntian's work, but his brother's work is original, modern yet completely Chinese.
This was an impulse buy but it was unquestionably the most enjoyable new albums I've listened to in years. I don't know if this is truly traditional Chinese music but it is wonderfully relaxing to listen to. I bought another of his albums almost immediately.
Well, if you like Chinese music from the 30's and 40's, with that old-fashioned sound as if voices are still echoing around somewhere back there 70 years ago, then this is a good one! I do not understand more than a few words of Mandarin, but find the sound and atmosphere of this music very enjoyable. I have not listened to it with a critical ear, so am unwilling to comment on the quality of the recordings, but nothing pops out unfavorably. This is perfect for what I wanted.
This cd is amazing, not only does it have excellent, high quality recordings of uncommon belly dance songs, but there are also plenty of solos on the Oud, kanun, and clarinet
I searched for some "good" dub sounds for a long long time before I decided to purchase this compilation.  I was looking for Instrumental Dub (not a lover of vocals on this type of music)and def found it in the Dub Catalogue.  I have an hours drive to work each day and this is great for making those miles disappear!Great tracks that won't disappoint the serious Dub connoisseur.
I have had opportunity to listen to Kaushikiji in live concert in Mumbai. It was a joy listening to her gayaki.  Voice, presentation, singing,  saragam, taan everything is amazing.Thanks to Amazon.com for making this album available at reasonable price.
The Paradise also called Moon Dream, An Elegy they done for their past member Zhang Ju, who died of motorcycle accident. These poetic rock talents wrote an elegy for him. Song# 4, download it. You won't never regret. To thank Tang Dynasty, I post my translation of their elegiac lyric of this song for all fans.Moon dream, so quiet and deepSilver frost fogged, fair soul floated and dispersedSo dreary and lonely, I wandered at this long dark nightThe wind blew, flower shed, I looked at sky and sangWhere are you among the clear sparkling broken pearls?Tranquil water rippling in pond, the moon smashed and goneMy heart like spring well shook, this moment and last nightMy thoughts searched everywhere in this vast firmamentBut moon already wend to the west, and I couldn't forgetYou were by my side, we shared so much joyAnd now so much grief, it never would be the sameMoon and your shadow joined and parted, how much joyHow much wandering as the wind past byCloud and your shadow like a dream, how could I forget?You were by my side, we shared so much joyAnd now so much grief, it never would be the sameMoon and your shadow joined and parted, how much joyHow much wandering as I looked up the moonWith my flute I gave you my tribute, I couldn't forgetYou were by my side, we shared so much joyAnd now so much grief, my night never be the sameOh- oh- oh- Oh- oh- oh- Oh- oh- oh-I want to hold you, I want to hold you, I want to hold you
Great Remixes!!!  Even better than the original songs, in my opinion.  I am not into Goth music buy Jennifer Parkin really is a wonderful song writer and singer!!!!!
Pandit Ram Narayan is a musical genius.  His performances on the sarangi are among the most sublime and beautiful works of music ever made.  I feel strongly that humanity is fortunate to have these recordings as they must be considered as among the cultural treasures of the human race.  I have not heard a piece of music by Ram Narayan that was not staggeringly profound and moving, and even spiritual, if that word has any meaning anymore in the West.  This and all recordings by Ram Narayan will not disappoint.
one of the best Relaxing music by Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhat... "Silence", "Floating with the Clouds" and "In the Gentle Rain" are my favorite...~Vikas
Cave of Brahma is an amalgam of styles ranging from singer/songwriter to hiphop to reggae to indian kirtan. Everyone gets pulled in by the album's first track, "bore the righteous"  which was written in one take and recorded in one take. And that's just the beginning. Beautiful heavy moods are interspersed with lighter moments. but this is just the beginning... the music just gets better and better with each album. Arjun and Guardians second album,Hotel Arjunis also internationally inspired and explores some deep moods. Arjun himself has gone on to become a western master of indian bhajan and kirtan, and his bhajan anandi series are amazing!
Combine the smooth voice of Danny O'Flaherty with imaginative arrangements and unique Christmas songs and you have a real winner. If you're tired of hearing the same old carols over and over and over, then this is the album for you. You'll be introduced to enchanting songs that provide a fresh view of the Christmas season. While you're getting a copy for yourself, buy some more for your friends. "An Irish Christmas Carol" is a perfect Christmas gift.
I'm a fan of Bossa Nova, but I had never heard of Steve Barta before sampling on Amazon.com.  His style is inventive and certainly a pleasure to listen to.  I'll be looking for more releases from this very talented artist.
This album is an amazing mix of Spanish influences and metal.  Shockingly, they go together extraordinarily well. This album is highly recommended!
This album is just beautiful. Martha Isabel's voice is one of the best voices I have ever heard and I love the songs. If you like Pablo Milan&eacute;s, Silvio Rodr&iacute;gues, Luis Eduardo Aute, and the like, you will love Martha Isabel.
I can't believe no one has reviewed this. I have put several tracks from this album on mixed CDs for bellydance and often find myself thinking, "what is this fantastic drum solo?" before I remember that it's from this. "Side to Said" is a favorite but they're all good: crazily skillful, varied, and original. The drummer, Hamdi El-Khayyat, plays accompanying percussion as well. A good way to learn about different tabla rhythms. Definitely check it out if you are a drummer or dancer, or just like Middle Eastern music.
Nice choice of tunes, great settings and excellently played.  These players know their stuff.  If you like traditional Celtic music you will like this one.
It's hard for me to give any music 5 stars, this is not music however. One can't put into words what makes listening to this wonderful man and his party singing and chanting for an hour so mesmerizing. I felt as though my soul was being healed through hearing this amazing song for its entirety, the way it was meant to be heard. This is simply a beautiful and incredibly complex song. Being able to sit down for an hour and seven minutes, shifting through the different changes in tempo and the incredible voice of the one and only Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. This mp3 is $9, and yes it is only an mp3, but it is going to be difficult to find this real album anywhere these days. Great stuff. It is no surprise that I am brought to tears when I hear this song sometimes. A true musical genius.
I FORGOT HOW I CAME ACROSS THIS GROUP,BUT ONCE I HEARD THIS ALBUM I KNEW THAT I HAD TO BUY THEIR SECOND ALBUM,THEY ARE THAT GOOD.I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO MORE MUSIC FROM THEM
This CD is great, the sound of the orchestra is like a Big Band, with the sound of the saxophones and trumpet. The Director made a good mixing of the singers, taking the best of them with the songs.For me is one of the best works of salsa and latin music during the 2008.
Quagmyre has a mix of Celtic and Rock that is very rare. They are masters of their craft and play a genre all their own.
If, your are Hispanic and you don't know who this band in, then you you should not consider yourself Hispanic, just kidding.  I like to to say that this is a must have for people who are looking to collect Sonara Dinamita songs, why you may ask well they are the best of their time this song are always play during new years, Christmas and just about every party we had in my home and families homes.  Anyways this is a must get. If you have time look for the other cd that follows or precedes this one.Thanks for taking the time to read my review.
Yi People productions Volume 3 is an album of contemporary metro folk music from China. Don't confuse it with the  traditional Chinese folk music from ancient traditions. This is what is officially called 'Chinese metropolitan folk' in the Peoples Daily. The songs are all easy to understand, even though not English because of the simple and natural musical line and themed titles that allow you to very easily feel the music. The song 'visitors from my hometown' is amazing. This album is featured by yahoo jukebox. amazon, emusic, and rhapsody. It is available because it is excellent and widely loved. There is not a lot of current Chinese music scene available that is of this quality. Coffee house style. Good stuff.
The music transports me to a different realm.  It is calming, and easily alters the listener's mood. The artists perform very well.
The "Jazz in Paris: series is an astounding mine of auditory gems. Each one is wonderful in its own right. These may not be definitive performances, but for someone looking to gain new material, they are a gateway to a lost world.This volume is a pleasant entry. Not too challenging for the beginning listener, but still rewarding for an aficionado. Excellent rendition of "Angel Eyes" makes this feel very Noir. It is Paris after dark after all.
This is the perfect music for eating a fine Asian dinner to. This CD has a great rustic sound to it, it takes you back to a time long ago in ancient China. I am an assistant chef so I make international dinners at home a lot with different music from all over the world for my wife and son.  This is our favorite Asian dinner CD.
This is a phenomenal group and their lyrics and beats are so groovy.  My entire household enjoys these songs and sings right along with them.  Young Tree and Craven are the best on this track.
Some smooth ridims on here! They maintain the classic Jazz feel while adding melodies with such natural sound. Dank album fa sho mon
awsome album every song is great mr favorite would be Gronudation chant if you love reggae check out this album.
one of Malkit Singh's best album !! Every songs in this album is for a reason ..... a Must Buy !!
Pandit Jasraj is a living legend of Hindustani Classical Music.  I think Ishmail Merchant said it best when he said, "If you want to experience being with God, listen to Pandit Jasraj."  Hearing his "Om Namo Bhagvate Vasudevai" may be what prompted such heady praise.  This CD captures the beauty and serendipity of Panditji's classical live performance, and the deep spiritual impact of his bhajans.  This is probably one of the best recordings of his available on the market.  If you are not fortunate enough to attend one of his concerts, this is the next best thing.
.. that is if you can find anything by her on Amazon.. well, I'm glad this is here.  A listen to the samples gives a pretty fair idea of her sound and talents.  Wish it were available in CD.
Mohan-Veena's most tonal potentials are extracted in these two ragas.With all the Gamaks, Meends the emotional content of this music is 10 out of 10.This album ranks among the top once by this great artist of our life-time.
This is that real reggae we've all missed since the unfortunate passing of Bob Marley.
I first heard Queen En Bossa Nova while vacationing on the Riviera Maya.  The music is Very soothing with a hint of familiarity.  A great escape every time I listen to it.
I don't even remotely consider myself knowledgeable of Native American music or culture, but this music which I downloaded from Amazon is mood altering, authentic, and dramatic. I highly recommed it.
Awesome album if your looking for some great traditonal sounding chant music this is it! It definatly speaks to your soul and makes you wanna join in the dancing yourself.
I really enjoy this because a lot of them I have listened to are a repeating chorus of the same song over and over again.
This is a superbly exquisite album of sacred music.  In addition to his fine vocal contributions, Suresh Wadkar is a first class producer.  He insisted upon perfection in the creation of this album, and he got it.I cannot say enough about the beauty and clarity of tone of Sadna Sargam's voice.  She stands at the top of India's women bhajan singers, in the tradition of Sipra Bose.The mantras on this album bring the reality of Lakshmi home to the listener.  If you have ever felt the desire to connect with the Goddess, this is your channel.The chanting of mantras needs to be precise, because of the spiritual power that they invoke, and I only wish that printed lyrics accompanied this mp3, so that the listener could follow along.
I would love to see Purbayan in concert!  Deep, classically spiritual strains with an occasional touch of... rock?  I dunno, something.  Stirring yet grounding.  Get it if you resonate with classical Indian at all.  Or even if you don't but want something to take your practice into a new dimension.
I use this music for creative movement in my elementary music classes.  These pieces are addictive, appropriate for children, and really get the hips moving.  Strongly recommended!
These are wonderful ballroom dance songs. One of the best ballroom dance albums. Every song on the album is great.
&#34;Them Mushrooms&#34; are one of the first bands to break out of Kenya and collect a following in Europe and the United States. If you were living in Kenya in the 1980's you have heard of &#34;Them Mushrooms&#34;. If you were fortunate enough to live in Mombasa during that time you may have seem them perform at one of the hotels along Jidini Beach.&#34;Them Mushrooms&#34; have their own unique style while adding in elements from Reggie and other African styles. Their vocals and instrumentation are not refined by today's standards but if you want to hear a classic Kenyan band the &#34;Shrooms&#34; are one of the best from the 1980's.
Fans of Portuguese and world music will like this. A blend of different kinds of Portuguese folk.
I was looking for this album for longtime and finally able to see this in Amazon downloads for a reasonable price. Quality of the songs are pretty good with high bit-rates.
The music and sound quality are phenomenal. Well worth listening to if you enjoy Hindustani classical styles.
This is one of the greatest Christmas songs I've ever heard and I recommend it to all families, grown ups and children alike!  But what do you expect, it's Cosmo, all of his tracks are hot!!!
First of all, the quality of the product is great. I am a fan of Trichy Sankaran, out of all the mridhangam players he is the best in my opinion. I listen to the music when I need to exercise, it keeps me in a state of mind where I am relaxed yet energized at the same time.
Excellent music, calms me whenever I listen to it. Pt. Hariprasad Chaurasia is a genius and he and George Brooks generate extremely soulful music. Vijay Ghate compliments well.
Having had the pleasure of enjoying Vincenzo live, I was pleased to find that that his albums were as exhilirating as his live performances.If you enjoy Latin guitar, or just really good guitar work in general, Vincenzo is a MUST ADD for you collection.We're looking forward to album #3.
the Mad Professor has done IT AGAIN. you CAN NOT go wrong if you like reggae AND dance hall music
This cat makes the sitar sing. His use of meend (string bending) is flat out amazing. One of my favorite Hindusthani musicians.
This band is one of the more interesting to come out of Russia; the band covers at least 3 different genres of music that I've seen including hip-hop, rock, lounge, drinking, pop... Just on and on.A band that really just has fun with music, and doesn't take itself seriously like so many others nowadays.I recommend this if you need something to listen to on a drive, at work, in a shop, anything. Even if you don't speak Russian, the music is fun!
A good album. Also fun if your learning russian and want to learn a lot of vulgar slang ans swear words.
We needed some mood music for a French themed dinner party. Good music lots of accordion. Makes you feel like your there
It's exactly what it's title is, all the stereotypical French music you think of at a French cafe.  It's lively, cheerful, etc.  Perfect for those wine and cheese parties you might want to throw.
The description on Amazon just provides the 'Laya' information. This is an amazing, almost hour long exposition of Raga Zilla Kafi. Additional information as provided by Navras Records on their website is as follows:"This release is a welcome opportunity to hear the distinguished sitarist Ustad Abdul Halim Jaffar Khan in his prime. Throughout his established career he has been regarded as something of an individualist adding his own methods and techniques. His style has often been regarded as unsystematic, even erratic, yet none could deny his brilliance and artistry. In addition to this album being released to mark the 75th Birthday of Ustad Abdul Halim Jaffar Khan, Navras would also like to add its tribute to the memory of Shri Deben Bhattacharya who recorded this magnificent performance. As an ethnomusicologist and anthropologist he has travelled the world over producing some 20 films and 130 LPs and much of his work was carried out under the auspices of UNESCO. This recording was made in 1968 in Jaipur, whereby the intrepid ethnomusicologist had the benefit of just one microphone shared between two musicians at a performance in a Jaipur palace! "
I have been exploring various Indian musicians' work and I was particularly interested in the sarod. I knew nothing about Ustad Aashish Kahn but decided to buy this MP3 download on a whim. What a pleasant surprise! The music is beautiful and the interplay between Kahn and Pandit Indranil Bhattacharya's sitar is excellent. Apparently both studied under the same teacher. If you are looking for great classical Indian music, you will love this work.
I love this vintage Italian music, the women singers have those sweet old fashioned voices like in movies from the '30s. It takes you back in time for a swell ride. I'm not Italian, nor do I understand the words, but the music is universal. I can just imagine a big band, in a club with the couples dancing. Lovely, try it, you'll like it!
This CD is consistently good.  Admit it--how often do you play a CD from beginning to end? Yeah, me neither.  But I do with this one.  Forty Winks deserves a bigger US audience.
Yaman is an evening raga that if sung true to spirit can set the mood for the rest of the night. The softness with which Kishori renders it is perfect. The pleasant mood created by the cyclical rendition of the initial phrase of the poem set to slow tempo is just amazing. The vocal and violin support jell in seamlessly. The sombre tone of the violin brings out the serenity of raga well. I have often found that short renditions of raga are often more potent than a comparative longer treatment. This album is definitely one of such kinds. I do not think anyone has forgot Kishori's magnificent bhoopThe bhajans are set to a leisurely tempo suitable more to the content of the lyrics than usual setting of bhajan formats. In general very few classical singers can do justice to bhajan genre musically. Kishori is certainly one of them, other important contributor being Kumar Gandharva. In all a very good album :)
I purchased this to use in every day practice for Belly Dancing. The music is lively and keeps your hips swinging.
Love going to live drum circles. Looked up &#34;drum circles&#34; and found this cd. I purchased it after hearing the samples. great beats!
Garcia is a great pianist and this CD is soo relaxing; it's amazing; I love this kind of Jazz.
A very enjoyable album.  I downloaded it from the MP3 version.  It took a while as I still have dialup.  Despite losing Jim Fergusen (he died in 1997) and Will's leaving the group they're as good as they ever were and I hope I get the chance to see them in person.
This is one of the best live albums I've ever heard. Excellent music and fun, too. The Rovers are a wonderful addition to your Celtic collection, and this album is a must.
For anyone in search of music that is quiet and thoughtful yet rich in detail, here's a very good place to start. I also listen to some ambient-style recordings and Native American flute music when I'm in this kind of mood. But I was surprised by traditional Chinese songs when I first heard them. It's all instrumental, so no problems with a language barrier. The songs here are consistently good; be sure to try the samples. Whether it's healing or just getting calmed down and grounded, this is wonderful. The artist, Yu Xunfa (1946-2006), was both composer and a musician who played the "dizi", an ancient Chinese flute. So, all the tunes showcase that instrument's sweet tonal qualities.
Taino past is well-represented here. Soulful, rhythmic expression of a deep, ancient culture that is still alive and well.
This collection is sooooo, so good. I echo what the other reviewers have said and agree that if you are a fan of salsa, this album is a must-have. When I first heard these particular Fruko y sus Tesos recordings ("Charanga Campesina" and "El Preso" being the first), I had no idea that most were recorded in the '70s and not more recently. The sound is pristine and the compositions absolutely timeless, with a real mix of sounds and musical styles set against the Afro-Cuban/tropical beat. "Tania" is a perfect example of that, with its vocal choruses and standout piano riffs that are clearly influenced by early rock and roll, Jerry Lee Lewis-style, via boogaloo and the Fania All Stars, and are blended seamlessly into the classic salsa piano lines and vocal melodies. Fruko y sus Tesos must have blown everyone's mind when they first appeared on the scene, they're that good. And with the combination of the brilliant Joe Arroyo (RIP) and Wilson "Saoko" Manyoma, the vocals are superb on every song. Fruko as a bandleader really brought together the cream of Colombian players on these recordings. You can't get a better "Greatest Hits" album than this, where every song is outstanding.  Whether I'm walking down the street listening to this on my headphones or dancing to it in the living room, these songs never fail to lift my spirits, make me smile and immediately just want to groove.
Two men from Argentina, with vocal prowess and unrelenting passion for sharing their songs of life -- this is Black Yuru, named for native Indians in their region.  The music reaches beyond language.  Yes, it is "todo en Espanol" as for their lyrics, but the message goes beyond the moon and the stars that we all share above us.The first listen may not capture you.  The second and third will, and the fourth is destined to make this a disc that somehow burns a little spot in your thoughts and future, your days, your life.Take a chance on hearing something that is so distinct to one culture yet blissfully ignorant of any cultural or geographic boundaries.  There is a beauty, a happiness, a loss, a world to explore and experience.This is Black Yuru.  Es simple, es fuerte.
This album contains a great series of &#34;Cumbias&#34; to dance with someone or enjoy by yourself. It's an awesome part of a great collection.P.S. Amazon, please correct the spelling of the album. Thanks.
THis album is a rare to find album but a true classic for the true reggae fans of thirty years and longer. Mikey Dread always has great music!
If you could only have three rocksteady collections, this should be one of them (along with the Trojan Rocksteady Box Set and Island Presents:  Rocksteady).  The inclusion of The Viceroys' early work and several Derrick Morgan tunes help to make this compilation pretty much flawless from start to finish.  Buy it!
I had this on cassette tape long ago and wore it out listening to it so often. I'm so glad to have found it again.Listen to the clips - what you hear is what you get: simple, well crafted music involving a wooden flute and percussive instruments. Mr. Casillas' voice has a lot of tone and depth that adds to the beautiful songs he sings.
I have listened to hundreds of East Indian music and spiritually inclined meditations.  Patanjali's Yogasutras by Vijay Prakash, et al. is as pure as silk.  The vocal and instrumental music quality is soothing and uplifting. Patanjali's Yogasutra is absolutely beautifully sung in it's original dialect (I think), and than translated in English by a deep, rich male voice.  The text itself is among one of the most insightful guides of yoga, it is brief and to the point.  This recording is one I will listen to probably, hopefully, until I have it memorized because it is such a pleasure to experience.
OS Arun is an amazing singer who conveys great emotion in these songs by Surdas, one the greatest poet teachers of India. Highly recommended!!!
All the Wadali family singers are superb but its difficult to find good quality recordings that feature traditional Punjabi and Sufi songs without any of the dress up of modern instruments and pop flair. This album is definitely one of the best traditional recordings I've ever heard. The mp3 quality is excellent. Some of the songs are done in a half singing/half story narration style. My father suggests that the story parts are not part of the original Sufi writings but embellishments by the Wadalis. I think it adds tremendously to the listening experience and one's understanding of the original Sufi saint's thoughts. My personal favorites are #1 through #5. Those looking for the "Charkha" song by the younger Lakhwinder Wadali should note that it is not part of this collection. I don't think he is on any song in here.
I was looking for these divine singers' songs everywhere, ever since I heard their Charkha song.I am so glad that I found it.I am going to buy all available at amazing Amazon.
This is the voice of heaven. What a glorious, sweet voice. Fell in love with it the minute I heard it.
I discovered Famara listening to a European reggae radio station.  I have since downloaded all of their albums.  Famasound is Famara at their best.  I recommend anyone interested in reggae music give them a try.  You won't be disappointed.  Big ups!
From Wikipedia- &#34;The musical style of Indian Ocean can be described as Indo-rock fusion with jazz-spiced rhythms that integrates shlokas, sufism, environmentalism, mythology and revolution&#34;.This is one of my favorite forms of music. and Indian Ocean does it the best. I would go as far as saying one of my top 5 albums of all times.
Indian Ocean group of musicians represent a real soulfull musical legacy of India. The instrument that they play are very traditional indian musical instruments and they sound as if being played right in your heart. They choose song lyrics which are core to the indian soil, understood by common man and when played live you imemrsed in a blissful flow of music which you never want to stop ever. Jhini is one such album that takes you on a blissful musical journey... a thorough enjoyment!!!
This is is an awesome compilation. Beautiful lyrics...Vishal Bharadwaj is at his best here. Gulzar as usual writes beautifully and I had not quite heard Rekha before this. If you like Sufi music this is worth it
This is a to-be-treasured collaboration between Gulzar (lyrics) and Vishal Bhardwaj (music) and Rekha Bhardwaj (vocals). Some of these songs have also appeared on movie soundtracks, e.g. Maqbool.
Another gem that I  would have just about missed...ethereal; Amazon has quite a good Indian classical collection and I plan to get some similar titles in the near future.
Awesome compilation of salsa music.  This is a great sample of the genre and why those rhythms always leave us breathless.  Love every cut.
Purchased this, after viewing the inspirational PBS special, about this remarkable group of musicians.Great example of beautiful world music.
Got this after seeing a PBS program. The music is beautiful and soothing.  I play this and La Bella Cubana  at work if I am having a stressful day.  I hope these ladies continue to perform and record,.
Isaw this when it first came out and for the first time the audience applauded at the end.  It was the time of Vietnam and the draft and political awareness in this country (something that has sadly disappeared).  It concerns the death of a politician (Lambrakis) who is murdered by right-wing goons of the junta that took over Greece (a regime supported by the US).  I saw this film about ten times during its first run.  Montand was excellent as was everyone else.  And Theodorakis' music is amazing.  I fell in love with Greece music and Maria Farandouri.  Theodorakis was finally allowed in the US (he was a communist) on a limited leash and I managed to see him at the Academy of Music in Philly.  This soundtrack is still one of my favorites, as is the movie.This is a must-see for everyone who cares about democracy and freedom to speak out and protest.  And another example of the US's support of dictators and thugs.  The Greek people, unlike Americans, have long memories and remember the US backing of the junta.
Fantastic performances and excellent sound quality.  The only thing more you could ask is a low price - and ya got that too!
This album's got that fire you can only find deep in the heart of Jamaica!!!
Their singing evokes a deep sense of Bhakti that the great Saint Tyagaraja perhaps alluded to in Sangeeta Gnanamu bhakti vina ...
It is difficult to find the words to describe this album. Relaxing, magical, bittersweet, romantic, art -- words seem to fall short. As a previous reviewer stated it would do well in Middle-earth especially during the third age with the passing of the elves -- magical and heartbreaking. That is not to say that this music is sad, far from it. Lori Pappajohn is a true talent. She knows her genre, her instrument, and her art on such an intimate level that it feels organic and effortless. This is perfect music for anything at all -- reading, relaxing, walking the dog, sitting in traffic -- take a deep breath and let the stress of daily life disappear.
I use this CD all the time at my massage therapy practice.  It is a great album and the clients are really able to relax and receive all the benefits of massage.
Many of the Bachata dance studio instructors in Chicagoland have "Spanish Girl" on the list of music they play in their classes, especially the Martin Lopez version.  Its a great song for Bachata dancers of all levels - beginners will find the beat easy to find, and all dancers, (including those with more experience) will enjoy the engaging melody to be engaging, and something that continues to replay in your mind after class is over. This version does not have that "beep beep" sound found in the Bachata Kings version and in the Javier Vega version, which some folks, like me, don't like.
Again, Iron Maiden shows no signs of fading with the second single from A Matter of Life and Death" Different World. This single itself contains the two tracks previously only available on the 7" vinyl single for Benjamin Breeg. For a collector, this is an easy buy, low cost, fun to listen to. With the loud crunch and reasonable speed, this is a great opening track for the album. Upbeat and good chorus. Pick this up, you will like it.
A couple of their best songs here. Finding copies of these BBC radio legends sessions before now was difficult at least in the US.
This offering by Una Ramos represents the finest in Quena music.  Each song perfectly presented.  What more can one say?
This is one of the best Ramcharitmanas (Ramayan) sung by great Pandit Channulal Mishra jee.If you like devotional song, then you must have it.
I've owned this CD for no less than 15 years and it gets a regular workout in my car. The first piece is simply divine, the more you hear it the more you'll like it. Unfortunately the MP3 download isn't available (@ 9/2007) but the CD is worth buying just for this piece alone.
This is the album I've been looking for. It is PERFECT to leave on while entertaining or just lounging around. The track are not bland or repetative, and after a few listens, I found myself subconciously humming along with a few! I'm not good at describing music like the other fancy music critics, but I can say that I really enjoy this album!***UPDATE:I've had this album now for quite a while, and it has made its way right up to the top of my playlist. Each song is fun, unique, and just plain perfect for lounging to. I've played it now at quite a few dinner parties and I always have guests asking about the songs playing. I love it so much I've even made ringtones and alarm wake-up MP3s from the songs for my cell phone! I hope they release more albums just like this one!
Had been looking for this for so long. The songs are funny, peppy and the beats are cool. Reminds me of all the masti we did in our colleges days.
I found this sound track while searching for music of Mikis Theodorakis, composer of the music of 'Zorba the Greek' and the film 'Z'.  I was amazed to find that he had also composed the music for 'Serpico' one of my all time favorite movies.  The sound track is decidedly Greek but also consisting of wonderfully quiet and haunting jazz.  I've been listening to it over and over and can't get enough of it.  I purchased the MP3 edition from Amazon.
El Destrcto needs to start making more records. Shakey sing a-long country punk that helps the drinks go down. Not as wild about the more punkish surf tunes, but when it's on it's as good as rock and roll gets.
One should feel very fortunate if one is able to visit Greece, and especially Crete, and experience the joy of listening to this music live. It is dancing music, even to those who cannot dance.
perfect for Greek dinner party and tossing plates (so you don't have to wash)!  Music known and enjoyed by all.
Just as I remember in the movie, I had the analog record for many years and wanted the digital, I was not disappointed
I cant believe what I am reading about this review.I almost didnt buy it, till I heard it at a friends house.It is magical,unquestionably Mikis Theodorakis!!The negative reviews suit the Greek people...As always when they have gold they try to "poop" all over it.Do yourselves a favour..Get This!!!
I am reviewing the music from the film Zorba the Greek, on FM records.  As far as I can see all the reviews here so far pertain to the original soundtrack recording, which I have as well.  This is a modern, digital stereo recording conducted by the composer Mikis Theodorakis.  I am glad Amazon is finally carrying it, as I couldn't find it anywhere and I had to order it from FM Records directly from Greece.  If you like this music, the sound and the playing couldn't be better and it's recorded under the aegis of the composer himself.  It matches the original soundtrack issue track-for-track.  I found the performances a shade less 'dramatic' perhaps than the original film soundtrack, but no less enjoyable, and the sound is MUCH better.  As the other reviews note the sound on the reissued soundtrack CD is not the best.. but then neither was the sound on the original UA LP US issue.  If you want better sound, this is the one to get.
can still dance to it!great themes, in the spoken parts, good philosophies to be heard that still resonate today.can't help but love the 60s greek music
LOVED IT!!!!  If you enjoy Richie Ray you will love this cd.  I have this in DVD..
Not the usual movie songs, but an excellent Ghazal collection sung by the maestro.Kabhi Khamosh Baithoge, Woh Kaun Hai, Samajhte The..timeless classics!
I could not be more fond of this utterly sublime recording.  It is a live recording with a basically 'inverted' form :  the two tablas are essentially the melodic leads while a backdrop is created by a simple and fairly unadorned violin motif.  I am not a percussion aficionado per se,  but the playing and interplay here are magnificent.  Moreover there is an abundance of the slightly wistful quality that one often finds in the best of Indian musicianship.  This is a fabulous recording for a serious minded listener.
This is a great recital by one of India's great singers. Ajoy Chakrabarty (or Chakraborty) is today's acknowledged master of the Patiala Gharana style, which requires extensive vocal range, agility and flexibility. The program consists of a 50-minute khyal (modern classical raga), a bhajan (Hindu devotional piece) and a gorgeous thumri (light classical song) associated with his mentor, Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan.The singer is accompanied on sarangi by Sultan Khan, who is not my favorite soloist on that bowed instrument, but can't be beat as an accompanist sensitive to his principal's every tonal and rhythmic shift. Also making their excellent contributions are Biresh Roy on harmonium, Samar Saha, tabla, and Loveleena Labroo, tambura.
Anyone who loves mystical refrains without lyrics, will love this composition. Orchestrated with Pan Flute & a Latin/Peru style beat that will stay in your mind & have you humming it later. Healing, Ethreal, Beautiful! I fell in love with it after hearing a soft, ethreal refrain coming from a tent at a Powwow in Orlando, Florida. It pulled me in & wrapped itself around me...
If you're a fan who know Shujaat Khan from the excellent group Ghazal, you won't be disappointed.  You'll hear the same mellifluous voice and the virtuosic sitar now applied to the Quawwali, a style made famous by the incomparable Nusrat Faten Ali Khan.  Shujaat's quawwalis though differ markedly from Nusrat's, in that they are quieter, more melodic and less percussive, though it hardly seems appropriate to refer to them as "Still"!
Boca Livre is historically recognized as one of Brazil's most artistically and commercially successful MPB bands. Established in 1978 by singer/composer and master arranger Mauricio Maestro, Boca Livre combines the skillful blending of vocals and musical accompaniment, usually guitar, flute and percussion.Song Boca, or Boca Livre's Songbook was recorded in 1994 at the RCA studios in Sao Paulo.With the exception of the 1 second pause between songs, it is a remarkable real time recording with no second takes or rerecorded parts, performed exactly in the sequence of the 1994 live performance.Boca Livre's members are:  Z&eacute; Renato (1st voice/guitar), Loureno Baeta (2nd voice/guitar/flute/percussion), Fernando Gamma (3rd voice/12 strings guitar/nylon guitar), and Mauricio Maestro (4th voice/electric bass)Often compared to Crosby Stills Nash and Young or early Simon and Garfunkel in an American musical context, Boca Livre beautifully and effectively interprets standards of Brazil's music greats such as Milton Nascimento, Gilberto Gil, Caetano Veloso, Dori Caymmi, as well as original hits by the band members Ze Renato, Fernando Gamma and Loureno Baeta.Outstanding is Mauricio Maestro's exquisite hit original composition Misterios with lyrics by Joyce Moreno, a most requested song in online radio websites. Also check out the soaring vocals of Ze Renato in Milton Nascimento's composition Anima.Song Boca yet again proves that great music always transcends language and cultural barriers!
These artists were unfamiliar until a friend introduced me to them.  While I have some background in the history of Persia/Iran and Islamic principles, it is not enough to provide a good cultural context for the music.  Nonetheless, as music that is rather "exotic" to my folk/blues/rock ears, these tunes are evocative of the awe-inspiring and mysterious.  I guess that this is something along the lines of the submission to Allah that drenches Muslim devotion.  I highly recommend the album, if only for the attentive artistry and sense of mood with which each track is rendered.
I purchased this cd a month or two ago and have become a true fan ever since. I've purchased 5 or 6 other albums of their's since and none have disappointed! They are all technically very fine, both the songs and their recording production. Although  the recordings of which I speak are from the seventies and are obviously somewhat inferrior to modern production levels, the recordings are very nearly outstanding for their day. I haven't, as of yet had the complete opportunity to fully absorb all of the other albums of their's that I've purchased, but upon 1st and for a few 2nd and 3rd listens I'm convinced that Vox Dei is a group that places a high premium on quality artistry and I plan on future purchases from this outstanding group! This is without a doubt the best place to begin your interest in Vox Dei. This is a great album in a bluesy/rock seventies vein. I really find it difficult to describe how much I like La Biblia and Vox Dei. I think most anyone who likes quality seventies rock music could definately appreciate this recording and group for that matter. I wanted to get an english critique in for those of us who do not speak spanish. Even though I do not speak spanish I still find this album and for those old enough to remember, I know this sounds like a scratched record, but group as well to be truly amazing! I do not believe you'll be disappointed. Go for it, it's really great stuff!
Sin lugar a dudas, La Biblia de Vox Dei es una obra cumbre del Rock Nacional (argentino). Soule y su grupo suena como una magnifica banda sinfonica. Guitarras pinkfloidescas como en Genesis, bajos y parches estallando en riff/solos llenos de buen gusto y unos arreglos vocales perfectos. A todo amante del rock espa&ntilde;ol no le puede faltar este disco, sus nuevas versiones no alcanzaron la majestuosidad de la obra original.
I enjoy every minute of every song in this album. As an Iranian, I like to support good artists like Ebi; so I purchased this album. You may find illegal copies, as I found myself; but I purchased it. Good job Ebi!
I first heard Moira Kerr when we visited Scotland years ago and I bought a her tape cassette to play in our rental car.  We nearly wore it out we played it so many times.  So happy to find the album again...brings back delicious memories of a delightful visit to a lovely land.
Moira's music on this CD perfectly fits the rugged highland landscape, its history and the ancient culture of Scotland. You will not regret purchasing this item.
Awesome group of young musicians! They perform these tunes with a masterful hand! The strings, whistles and Irish folk drum really rock! if you can keep your feet still while listening to this set of tunes I would be amazed!
Songs are just amazing and so is the music. It is new wave of fusion between classical indian, sufi and western music.. Must!
This is the best Indian Ocean album imho, it beautifully showcases their fusion of Western music with Indian fundamentals. The centrepiece is of course their classic Kandisa, a rock anthem woven out of an ancient Aramaic prayer song. That alone should make this album worth the buy.
I originally got this from iTunes because Azam Ali was one of the artists.  I was not disappointed, it has all the mystery that I look for in Sufi music.  It has the creativity of Mercan Dede's Nar,  Very haunting.
I love this cd. I listen to it every day in my car- it keeps me calm even when I'm stuck in the horrific traffic of Los Angeles. The tracks are short and sweet (but there are a lot of them, so you're still getting your money's worth!) and there is a beautiful array of sounds included. Don't miss out on this one!
After getting Yuval Ron's CD, "Under The Olive Tree," I knew I needed to hear more. This CD definitely didn't disappoint. The collaboration of these great artists have created one of my favorite Sufi CD's to date. I highly recommend this to anyone.
I came across two of Rico's songs on YouTube randomly ("I Am Resistance" and "Hard Times") and they completely blew me away - the message, the beats, the delivery were just incredible so I had to go find a way to get them. When I saw the album on Amazon I didn't even hesitate, I just bought it on the spot and went straight to listening. It took me a few listens to get into the other songs but now I have the album on constant repeat. Nowadays it's pretty rare to find albums you want to listen to start-to-finish but this is definitely one of them. And the best thing about it, aside from the great beats, the flawless delivery and the impressive lyrical ability, is the content. The messages of hope, of strength in the face of tremendous adversity, of the importance of community and so many more positive ideals resonate powerfully throughout every song and the fusion of English with Spanish, of hip hop beats with some Puerto Rican & Caribbean flavor just serve to add to the richness of the album. On top of all of this, in light of the Arab Spring protests that have already toppled a number of oppressive regimes and all of the "Occupy" protests that have sprung up recently, even though the album came out 5 years ago, it sounds like it could've been written this year. The album plays like a soundtrack to resistance to oppression and unfair treatment everywhere - this is the soundtrack of the 99%.
this is a very good cd  it is real  right here! What the&#65279; hell happened to change how it was
This offering by a bay area artist sounds like it could've been made this year! The way he transitions from one song into the next without pause is very enjoyable and his lyrics are "da bomb"! Each song seems to be from a different genre but they all fit together smoothly.
Rico Pabon interweaves critical consciousness about global & local issues throughout this album. The rhythms, beats, and melodies are diverse, unique, and interesting, while the content of the lyrics make this album worth having along side anything by Public Enemy, The Coup, Dead Prez, Paris, Immortal Technique, KRS One...etc.
I teach a class at a community college, including culture of Italy. What a wonderful addition to mood setting as we speak sip wine and wish we were there...Thank you Doctor Len you helped us find contentment.jojo
This is easily one of my most favorite albums. The combined talents of these three maestros create musical magic. The range, versatility, power and beauty of the singing of Pandit Jasraj, who has one of the silkiest-voices, is an aural delight as is the playing of the bamboo flute by Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia, one of the most amazing flutist. They are joined after the first movement by Pandit Zakir Hussain, an absolute wizard on the tabla (drums). The dynamic interplay between the three is simply amazing, especially when they 'dialogue' with each other. And they are obviously having great fun performing together at this concert.Those with some familiarity with Indian classsical music will at least appreciate this album; those who love improvisations will love it, and novices to this particular genre might want to give it a try.
This is one of the absolute best Jugalbandis, live performance...I was lucky enough to see Chaurasia and Zakhir Husain Jugalbandi.. Hopefully Jasraj some day.God bless their souls.
Montoya is arguably the most influential flamenco guitarist in the history of the flamenco.  Montoya was virtually unsurpassed in tarantas, granainas, and malguenas.  In other toques or styles he could be uneven.  He is not at his best on all tracks.  Some of the best are with a saxophonist, a very untraditional choice,  but Montoya is  near his best here.
The best Latin Dance music ever!!! It brings back many memories of my dancing days at the Hollywood Paladium in the 1960's
This is as close as one can get to being at an actual Kishori Amonkar concert -- with all the throat clearing and even audience noise and mumbling but the performance is outstanding.To my ear this is amongst the best Bhimpalasi recordings ever and I especially like the slow gat which is built into this wonderful towering ornate musical structure, note by note -- it sort of quietly slides into your soul.Wonderful stuff and I highly recommend it -- her 2nd album with Bageshree and Bhoop are still my favorites but this is quickly becoming my fave as the development is not hurried at all to fit on one LP side like the original albums had to be.The buildup is slow because of her very careful melodic development and presentation in the lower octaves but this foundation is what makes the subsequent development so strong.A wonderful example of a performance where the Raga is more important than the performer.
Its  sheer 70 minutes of pure bliss, one of the best recordings of its type, this is a must have for anyone with a penchant for good music.All ragas have been rendered in an impeccable manner. The overall feel of the album is quite atmospheric and intense, melancholic in a sort of way; good listen for afternoons, especially the introspective ones.
Oh my God, I LOVE this CD!  It grabs you and will not let you go.  You WILL want to dance when you're listening to it- warning!  Buy it buy it buy it.
I am going to admit that I already knew what I was buying when I placed my order, thanks to the Internet radio service Spotify. I had been trying to find some Russian folk music that wasn't of the sort you might expect from the Red Army Choir, which, while good enough, wasn't what I was looking for, and the stuff I just plain dislike, which I can best describe as a Russian version of Irish tenors. I finally found some albums closer to what I was looking for when the first track on this album began playing. I immediately went to the whole album, and played it start to finish.I'll wager this is still stylized folk music. Most any folk music you can find on recording is, apart from ones done back in the sticks by collectors of folk tunes. It is, however, stylized in a way that I like. If you like Russian folk music, but have a hard time finding something more or less authentic, give this album a shot.
This collection is fresh and full of energy.  Every time I play this music, it reminds me of the days we spent on the Volga River floating past lush farms and forests. The selection of songs is unique and different from the other collections of Russian music I own - none of the songs on this CD are duplicates from any of the Russian music I own.  It all has such an authentic feel to the sound. The recording quality is broad and sweeping.  I cannot tell whether this is a quartet or a full choir; it is full and rich and full of life, and the men's voices blend beautifully.  Every song seems filled with a special energy that lifts and carries you away. The instrumental backups use traditional instruments (except for the bass guitar, which never gets in the way).My only regret with this purchase is that it only comes as a download - the CD artwork might have shared some details about this most delightful group.  I would purchase more music by this group if it were offered here.
I purchased this entire album on the basis of all the really great sound bytes! What a fun guy he must be to have all this great music!  I can listen and smile at the same time!  Makes the drive to work a breeze!  Kudos to Xavi!!!
Superb, so typical of Tony O'Connor. A lovely CD that winds you down and brings peace to your night. Just love it.
I listen to this last thing before I go sleep at night. Very relaxing and helps you de-stress after a day at work.
This cd is perfect for listening to thru good quality stereo headphones where you are put into intimate contact with sounds of nature as well as the many ethereal sounds made by guitars, flutes and other instruments. Very relaxing and truly a masterpiece.
This albumn is one of his best. Beautiful sound and the nature sounds are a wonderful plus. I have a couple of his other albumns but, this has got to be his best. Very relaxing
Tony O'Connor is a wonderful musician, he was Australian (recently passed). All of his music is captivating and each listener has his/her own experience. My first music CD of his was: "Windjana Spirit Of the Kimberley" which I purchased on my first trip to Australia. I bought another copy for a dear friend through Amazon.com. The best new age music I have ever heard. I gave this CD to all my staff at work one year. Enjoy.
Beautiful music, soothing sounds and deep vibrations.  This is definitely a regular in the music rotation.  Do not miss it.
Excellent music. I liked it. Not sure how much it will help though.Got it quickly from the site. No hassel at all.
I listened to the CD during both my pregnancies......it not only helped me but I also see a significant calmness in my girls specially the older one( becos with the second time i did not have much time to listen to it as much)......i truly believe its very effective and recommend it to all moms to be known or unknown to me.....:-)....happy listening!! - ADT
I just started chanting the Gayatri and this version is great to follow along as it repeats the poem 108 times. It has added a very peaceful and serene dynamic to my daily chanting
A nice compilation of  some classic tangos, for anyone interested in those. It also includes &#34;Garufa&#34;, probably my favorite one.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes anthropology and is curious about other cultures.
This is one very amazing journey. If one pays attention, time seems to slow while moving through a world created by this sitar master's expertise. Subroto Roy Chowdhury's talents will be obvious to other sitar music enthusiasts.
I'd need more than five stars to rate this other masterpiece of one of the best Argentine Tango orchestras of this time. Simply wonderful!
i have been listening to the Mad Professor for many years, so i was glad when i decided to enter into the WITH LOVE series of albums.  Just what i needed . every reggae lover should get a copy of this series when they want a COOL listen.  i will probably get another from his WITH LOVE series.  just plain WHOLESOME  music  !!!
I don't know how to review this, as this is unbelievable. After listening to it I have found myself speechless. Gregoreo Alllegri's Miserere choral works for the Sistine Chapel performed here is excellent as are all the pieces on this album. The choral and trumpet work here is exceptional. What and how many of the pieces are part of the Miserere I'll let the "experts" tell us. It might be the whole album for all I know, but what I do know is this one of the best albums I have ever heard. The only word to describe this album is Ethereal
This is the first album that I have listened to by Leningrad, like so many in the West I was introduced to them by the Everything Is Illuminated soudtrack. Hleb is a great album all the way through. It is a great mix of Slavic folk punk, ska, reggae, funk, and etc. I don't speak Russian so heck if I know what he's saying, but he really says it like he means it, his voice is fantastic, and the music is awesome. Compares favorably to bands like Gogol Bordello, Balkan Beat Box, Devotchka, Debauche, etc., etc.
If your into russian music or even the russian language this is a good album. These guys are a lot more talented than i expected too.
All the songs are melodious.Anup Jalota's voice beckons everyone to praise Lord Hanuman.Siyapati Ramchandra ki Jai!Pavan putra hanuman ki Jai!
I listen to Mystic Warrior Dub often. It is one of the best music purchases I've made online. If you like dub reggae, Bob Marley songs, the Mad Professor or Lee "Scratch" Perry, then you will probably enjoy this project.
Bought this CD for mainly for Te Moana and Te Pua Noa Noa.  Both songs done to perfection.However, the whole collection is great.
WOW,This is the first time I have heard this music group.  I espcially like the song "Kazor"!
I would never have known about this great music had I not heard it in the French film, Place Vendome.  It is the aural background for scenes of a wealthy, elegant, and boozy Catherine Deneuve in the magnificent apartment that she shares with her husband, a Paris jeweler to the world's elite.  I was gobsmacked when I heard it, a bold and completely unexpected accompaniment to Mlle. Deneuve in her kitchen pouring her morning coffee and trying to sober up.  The pieces used in the film were Tu Me Quieres Pa Bien and Un Castillo A Tu Magia.
Well, I cannot find words to explain how was my feeling the first time I listened Hanny!. It was last week, when I received a CD gift from one of my friends. He told me: you are going to listen &quot;the best of salsa&quot;.  I felt my soul leaving from my body! . Hanny mixes the traditional  afro-salsa, with danzon, son and guajira rythms, which only Hanny can do it  like it sounds. All the songs register variations from the slow vibration  or related lyrics to an expressive song. The work of the trumpet session is  very impressive, it is played by Luis Bravo (Colombian), and the piano is  played by &quot;Chino&quot; Rodriguez. The latter is, perhaps the one that  keep the direction of each song, making them to be the most power and  energetic vitamin for the body and soul. Chino manages all the musical  scale to produce a &quot;descarga&quot; with his hands!. This CD goes  beyond all the expectations of the most demanding bailadores!. My favourite  song is Polvo de Luna, where the chorus session is mixed to the black and  white(piano) of Chino Rodriguez. I will not hesitate to buy Hanny's new  realease, and I strongly recommend this CD to salseros!.
This is happy, mellow music; music that should be playing while you're relaxing on the porch with a cool drink.It is acoustic, as the title suggests, with vocals, guitars, percussion, and shots of brass.  It is lively, but not the sort of thing to make you jump up and dance.  Rather, it makes you want to lean back and smile.
This disc is a compilation of the two discs these two put out years ago. They are outstanding in every way. Highly recommended.
I was cruising around the web when I remembered this pair of Caswell Carnahan albums and how much I loved them (I have the records as separate albums.) The whole of both albums is a really wonderful collection of old Irish/Scottish/Breton tunes done with exquisite instrumentals and skillful vocals. Borderlands is very fey in it's atmosphere and the reChris Caswell is a well known harp maker (I have one of his small lap harps) so he knows his trade from the inside out. Danny Carnahan is a premier musician (see his work with Robin Petrie as well). Highly recommended. Lots of fun songs and some really great ballads nicely done. Really glad this is on MP3 - I didn't relish hauling out the record and converting it.
The best compilation of the Brazilian tropicalismo movement. Especially designed for people who don't know a thing about Brazilian music, but easily the best thing for anyone who cares and enjoys this cultural treasure.
Your Brazilian music collection can start right here. Just download this album, enjoy it, and then explore each of the artists highlighted here.David Byrne put this compilation together in the late 80's, exploring some of the key artists of the Brazilian scene. This is not the Bossa Nova music of the early 60's -- it's mainly from the next generation of artists that grew up in the late 60's and became successful in the 70's onward.Every track here is a classic, and every artist is a master. It's a hugely enjoyable listen that I come back to over and over, and it's a compilation that introduced me to some great artists.There are several other albums in this series -- all are worth buying.
I picked up this album on CD during my first trip to China in 2004 (specifically Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province).  I enjoyed it a great deal over the next few years; particularly the first track, "Moonrise".  The album offers great samples of the mid-twentieth century Chinese classical style (that is, Chinese compositions and form played with a Western style orchestra) although I can't be certain when these pieces were actually composed.  In any event, the album made me crave more music of the same style, and I intend to download the other mp3 albums in the series here on Amazon.com.  Recommended!
This is in Croatian language so it is not for everyone.  But I listen to it all the time.  I like his style of singing.  He often builds to a kind of crescendo which makes the songs kind of exciting.
This is one of the best early K-Pop albums (even though Amazon lists it under Europe !?). It is a difficult to find album, Amazon is the only place I have seen it. In many ways it is more rock than pop, especially "Ariyo" and "Pisces" - my favorites. This album and songs came out before the heavy influence of manufactured k-pop with the "we all look and sound the same" music.Amazon (or the European publisher) has the name of the artist wrong - It is "Lee Ahn" (sometimes spelled as "Lee An"). Not sure if this is a movie OST or not, there was a 2000 Korean movie named "Pisces" but have not seen it.
Vernon's newest album, "The Eyes of Love", is a collection of timeless songs handpicked by the singer himself defining works that true vocal artist connoisseurs will enjoy endlessly. Some have been in Vernon's repertory for many years, others are songs he cherishes and enjoys singing. He calls them his "little secrets".  With this CD Vernon gives the performance of a lifetime, and this wonderful compilation includes hits that have been favorites on both sides of the Atlantic for decades such as the knock-out stunner "Hurt" (A chi) which gets new life from Vernon's glorious interpretation.A winning sensual reading of  "Ancora ancora" (Let me light your fire) finds Vernon in peak form weaving vocal magic with words and music that can easily give the listener frissons.'The album also includes original numbers written specifically for Vernon's newest CD. Soaring to dazzling heights, the signature song "The Eyes of Love" (Gli Occhi dell'Amore) is both haunting and passionate and provides Vernon with a grand opportunity to  give a soulful and romantic interpretation.An infectious and naughty Vernon delivers a mesmerizing "Mambo" that will force the listener to use the repeat button over and over on this captivating performance."Peace in the World" powerfully brings to the forefront a present-day message that is delivered with vocal magic in a great setting created by arranger Sergio Parisini.Vernon gives his unique take on two breathtakingly emotional songs by composer Umberto Bindi  "La musica e' finita" (Surrender) and "Il mio mondo" (You are my world).  This generous vocalist has also revisited a famous song from Lehar's "Land of Smiles", and his "Yours is my heart alone" reaches unsuspected interpretive heights while successfully mediating a centenarian melody with the expectations of 21st century audiences.  From bittersweet, unrequited love songs such as "The closest thing to crazy", to the sage and knowing "My heart belongs to me", Vernon's range of emotions is a pleasure to hear. Listen to "Si vuelves tu" (It's too late) and know that his is the defining version.Vernon's honey toned voice is shown in its glory in his interpretation of  "Sin Ti" (Without You), and is versatility is quite palpable in numbers like "Mambo", "Jattendrai" and "Eres Tu".This CD is a great introduction to Vernon, with lush arrangements and top-notch production it is both contemporary and timeless at the same time.This album is a wonderful addition to anyone's musical collection.
Put on this album and open any of Vargas Llosa's novels.  It will make you feel you're right there is the Andes.  You will be able to smell the incense coming from the Cathedral steps.  It will put you back in Cusco.
My daughter is doing some volunteer work outside of Lima, its capital.  So for a Christmas gift and quick Amazon search, this came back.  I listened to its samples and was readily convinced that she would enjoy this.  I found I did.  It is the type of music that seems to make you happy and joyful.  Their are many distinct and musically &#34;colorful&#34; instruments and threads going on.  Placed on my modern sound system, I can just imagine the the Peruvians enjoying their summer evenings with these tunes tugging on side walkers to come on in.  Oh well, from some of her experiences and pictures, it's colorful and ......
It amazes me sometimes that there will be a thousand reviews for a Brittney Spears album, but none for such an interesting, challenging, varied, and viscerally exciting piece of work like this album. In my opinion, just as good the the first Network of Sparks album (One). The music here displays a wide array of influences, from African to middle eastern and everything in between. As you might expect, the percussion is all top-notch, but this album does not rely strictly on virtuosity, there are some very subtle tunes and sweet slow passages, as well as break-neck speeds. I have become a huge fan of Pete Lockett the last couple years, and can't believe that this entire genre of percussion-based music has escaped me for the first 40 years of my life! Better late than never, I guess - give this album a try...
All "Prarthana" series of albums by Ravindra Sathe will give you divine feeling. I'm a big fan of Ravindra Sathe + Hariprasad Chaurasiya and these albums blends the best of two. The magical tunes of Hariprasad Chaurasiya combined with beautiful voice of Mr.Sathe creates a divine atmosphere. I love this album very much.
I bought this CD in high school from a bargain bin, and I loved it. Played it to death as I was learning to program. Didn't understand any of the words, but the beats and vocals were great. Went and viewed the youtube video for "dance raja dance" and was just laughing until I cried, it was exactly how I imagined it would look. But still love this music.
i met Mikey Dread a year before he passed away and he was a wonderful person...this final showdown of his music and style is a must to any person interested in culture and the spirit of Jamaican music...get to know Mikey Dread and you will be better for it!
Great album full of fantastic compositions and interpretations by two excellent brasilian guitarists: Toquinho and his teacher together: don't miss it!!!
Maravilha de colecao de musicas natalinas com um tom bem brasileiro que nos faz lembrar nosso pais e nossa cultura. Excelente escolha principalmente para aqueles que vivem fora do Brasil.
This CD really embodies the music we heard on a recent African safari in Botswana. The musical songs and chats are exactly what we heard during a native ceremony in one of the camps. It brings back our memories and would highly recommend this CD if looking for authentic Botswana music.
This is the music that I heard in villages throughout Botswana in the 70s and 80s.  Listening was like going home.  The recordings are well done.  This is authentic music.
It's sad, this is truly true Nigerian music. As you can see our Music when played in its purest form really resembles the music of other parts of West Africa and the Sahel. The Music of Gambia, Senegal, etc. all similar to the music of Jos in Nigeria. The only problem is that a lot of Nigerian music today is not traditional and is heavily westernized with the use of Western instruments like the keyboard, a lot of our music no longer uses traditional instruments except the occasional talking drum (dun dun) please other Nigerians let us remember this music.
Fabulous sounds that bring me back to the mainland China. I love it when I order chinese food for my guests and family.
This cd is a must listen for those who love, traditional Arabic music. I discovered  Najwa Karam while on You tube listening to Natacha Atlas, someone said that her voice was just as magical, and they were not wrong. From the moment Najwa starts singing (you have to wait until 3 minutes into the song), you are hooked, her voice just tags at the heart. The music is about a father daughter relationship , hence Wadi takes the father role and Najwa the daughter role.The pairing is fantastic, the orchestra just perfect. A perfect  addition to your middle eastern collection, for laid back listening.
Much in the tradition of Sly Wicked and Slick or vintage dub masterpieces by King Tubby, this Sly & Robbie effort recorded live and acoustic at Bob Marley's Tuff Gong studios demonstrates that the Riddim Twins have lost none of their dubwise abilities to play live in the studio. The spontaneous feel of the sessions is nicely enhanced by mixing wizard Godwin Logie who choses to chisel the sound lightly rather than go all out on the dub effects. A true gem featuring Mikey Chung on guitar, Ansel Collins and Robbie Lyn on organ and keyboards, Sticky on percussion and Dean Fraser and Stepper on sax, perfect. Sly Dunbar is enjoying himself, looing for new patterns on several tracks while Robbie Shakespeare illustrates why he's the greatest bass player on this planet. SUPERB
Real Nice Dub of popular reggae tunes by SLy and Robbie.  Not crazed reverb dub but nice bubbling dub.
This is some of Sly and Robbies best work.  Great classic Balck Uhuru dubs fromSinsemillawith some Burning Spear Dubs from Social Living and others tossed in for good measure.  You can get the CD verion of Raiders of the Lost Dub as the "Old School" section of TimeWarp Dub ClashCD here on Amazon.
This incredible selection offers up dread-filled dub versions of late 1970s early '80s reggae tunes by some of the best vocalists to be produced by Sly & Robbie aka "Riddim Twins." The 10 songs included on this amazing album were originally sung by performers such as JUNIOR DELGADO, IJAHMAN, BLACK UHURU, WAILING SOULS, THE VICEROYS, THE PARAGONS, & BURNING SPEAR. Little remains of the original tunes but the occasional ghost of a melody, horn stab or vocal dropping in and out of the mix. These amazing songs were mixed at a time when Sly & Robbie were starting to use more electronic sounds for color and embellishment, but had yet to be the dominant sound of the song.  Here, traditional reggae drums create showers of rim shots which cut across the beat keeping time with a frequent four-on-the-floor rhythm and phat bass drenched in echo and spring reverb create a bubbling brew that is the driving force of the music.  This moody mix of tunes twists and turns together to create a stark atmosphere and a continuity that goes beyond the Indiana Jones-related titles. Two of the outstanding tunes; WELL OF SOULS and DUB OF GOLD are back-to-back pieces of sparse beauty and rhythmic nirvana which typify "The Riddim Twins," production style at the time.  It is a sound they popularized as members of BLACK UHURU when the band was at its zenith. All of the tunes on this collection were made before computers were a prominent piece of the production process and popular reggae moved from Roots to Dancehall yet, the quirkiness of the aural delights never sound dated. These tasty dubs are as ageless now as the day the tracks were created. BIG UP!  If you enjoy this you'll wanna check out the other album by the "Riddim Twins" that's in a similar vein and equally choice: REGGAE GREATS (subtitled "A Dub Experience").
Great selection of songs.  Upbeat, fun with the wonderful Makaha Sons sound.  What is there not to love?  Nothing!  This is the Christmas album of the year for me.  (I know that it is not just released, rather I just found it!)
These guys are as great singing Christmas music as they are at singing traditional Hawaiian songs. The Hawaiian Christmas songs blend perfectly with traditional Christmas songs like Silent Night. I love this album and think you will too. Highly recommended.
I love this music. Patrick Ball does a wonderful job with the Celtic harp. The brass stringed Celtic harp is a wondrous instrument.
Patrick Ball's renditions of traditional Irish music played on his Celtic harp are haunting, exquisite and as well-suited for meditation as they are casual listening.  In fact, I would guess that most listeners are pulled into a higher awareness listening to his work, whether they intend it or not.  Flawless, heart-filled music...
This CD is Totally Amazing & Sooo Beautiful to listen too...!!! I actually bought one for my Son who loves this type of Music...!!!
If you are a Jobim / Gilberto / bossa-nova connoisseur, the versions of "Estrada Do Sol (Road to the sun)" and "E Preciso Perdoar (We must forgive)" alone are worth the price. Ms. Valadez has a lovely voice and her arrangements, band performance, and recordings are excellent. I prefer her version of the moody "E Preciso Perdoar" to that found on the 1975 Stan Getz / Joao Gilberto "Best of Two Worlds" album.I fell in love with the "Sephardic / Ladino" material, too. For example:* Durme, durme (a Sephardic lullaby)* Niggun* Mose Salio De MisrayimThere are also a few Celtic folk songs on the album.So it's a very rich mixture of Brazilian-Portuguese bossa nova, traditional Sephardic/Ladino, and Celtic.
As a mainlander who's travelled to Hawaii on many blessed occasions, I am addicted to Chinky Mahoe's voice and music.  More please!
This recording is a masterpiece from Inti Illimani, probably the best musical group of Latin America.This album contains a fine selection of themes from the Andes region of Bolivia and Peru. It reflects the cultural richness and deep tradition of one of the oldest and greatest civilizations of the Americas.The execution, instrumentation, and the musical arrangements by Horacio Salinas are superb.Highly recommendable.
Great old school Toots and the Maytals. Original sounding recordings with great fidelity that still maintain that analog feel. A must have for the fan of vintage Reggae
This is the some of music I grew up listening to.
If you like &#34;old cumbias&#34; You would love this album. All the songs are great. It's all fun! I was very happy to find this kind of music on Amazon.
he's my teenage idol and love his music, the songs ares exactly the same as the original back when :)
As per my other Juluka reviews, this is music for life.  I met the Juluka drummer, Derek DeBeer, after a Savuka concert at the Catalyst in Santa Cruz, CA in 1993 (hangin' out back in the parking lot with Solly who was playing bass on that tour).  I had been a huge Juluka/Savuka fan since the late 80s so I brought all my cassettes/CDs to get autographed.  Johnny was wiped-out tired and had gone into the travel trailer to crash with his wife and baby.  I was so disappointed to not be able to meet him.  So Derek says, "We'll be up at the Warfield Theatre in San Francisco tomorrow night - why don't you come up for that?"  I told him I was flat-broke so it wasn't an option. He asked, "You have a full tank of gas in your car?" I said, "Yeah...?"  He said, "Come up tomorrow night - there'll be a ticket waiting for you."  I drove up the next night and there were two tickets waiting for me, and one backstage pass.  A decent-looking fellow was standing outside and I asked him if he wanted the spare ticket.  The concert was again wonderful, and then I went to a lounge behind the stage with my backstage pass and met the one and only Johnny Clegg.  He looked exhausted but was so kind and gracious.  He signed all my cassettes and a couple of Savuka cds I brought.  It was one of the highlights of my life to have met this artist.  I just wish I could've met Sipho Mchunu too that night.  So thank you, Derek - - Juluka and Savuka will always live in my heart.  Siyabonga!
WE PLAYED DAILY IT FOR A VERY LONG TIME. NOW WE STILL PLAY IT OFTEN. GREAT MUSIC. RECOMMENDED FOR ALL LOVERS OF AFRICANS MUSIC OR UNUSUAL MUSIC WITH A QUIRKY BUT INTOXICATING BEAT.
This Great cd is Strong from Start to Finish, in My Books One of Juluka's best. My Three Favorite's from this Fantastic cd are. 1. Simple Things An Absolute Classic to Me 2. Spirit Is The Journey Another Fantastic Song 3. Mad Dog. This one was not Released on the American Version on L P Record, and is another Classic. You can't go Wrong with this Great Juluka Powerhouse. Buy it and Enjoy
Absolutely the best recording by Pepe Aquilar. I have listened to this album literally hundreds of times. It is stunningly beautiful.Buy it for yourself; you'll love it too if you love ranchera music.
I purchased this for my mother. She is an alzheimers patient and she does not remember much but when I play this music for her,she sings along and that was the purpose. She used to love this artist and she know all of his songs. So I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Holy Moses - - I can't believe I just found this again!  Many of my days were spent biking the Cape Cod Rail Trail from Brewster to Nauset Beach, listening to this album and Musa Ukungilandela between '88 and '92.  On cassette tapes in a huge, clunky Walkman! Couldn't understand a word they were saying but I quicky grew to love the tunes and the mysterious words and ton of expression Sipho and Johnny sang them with. I just got my first laptop and figured out how to download songs and burn to cd (yes, at 48 I'm a bit behind the times).  For the heck of it, I typed in "Juluka" not expecting much, if anything.  And I found EVERYTHING! Can't wait to listen to these again. Give this long-ago band a try and maybe you'll be hooked for life, too.
I've been a fan of Johnny Clegg for years, and one of the challenges of enjoying his music is that much of it isn't distributed in the U.S. Sure, you can buy imports, but they can be pretty expensive.I remember when this album came out in 1997. There was nowhere to buy it for a reasonable amount of cash. So I forgot about it for a decade.Now this album is finally available for a price I can afford, and I've been listening to it for months. Love is Just a Dream is one of Johnny's best, and I find Journey's End and Circle of Light also as enjoyable as anything Savuka put out.If you're a Savuka fan who somehow missed this album, it's well worth the download.
I started of buying Jonny Clegg & Savuka albums while I was still at university, and then got stuck!  About 10 years later I discovered his previous band Juluka, but not albums were available for purchase even on the net.  Finally I went to South Africa and found a mother-lode at the Johannesburg airport!  This album, put out after Suvuka broke up and long after Juluka had ended is awesome.  I think in many ways it is more polished than most of the earlier Juluka albums, in some ways more similar to Suvuka, but somehow a special blend comes through.  For quite some time this has been a regular listen, revealing new nuances as time goes on.  Particular favourites are Love is Just a Dream, Crocodile Love, Journeys End, Circle of Light, Ubaba Akalele & Makhelwane, but there's really not a duff track on the disc.  Buy this album and dig in!
If only someone would make an album like this every year to document that years Rara songs...
If you love Saint Kabir and Abida's voice then you should definitely listen to this wonderful album that has heartfelt renditions and nice commentary by Gulzar.
Excellent rendition of Kabir's &#34;dohe&#34; in the mesmerizing voices of Gulzar and Abida- a must buy for every music lover !
simply beautiful. Amazing collection. brings chills in your body. Like Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan I also do not see any end to the addition of collection. The recording is very good. It is worth a buy.
What more to say, it's Abida , Gulzar and Kabir. The songs are introduced by Gulzar and composed by him, which is a nice touch. The songs are made of "Dohas" of Kabir. Sometimes a bit had to understand because it was all written in the 13-14th (?) century. Had to buy a separate book on Kabir with modern translations. But just listening to Abida's voice creates a mystical and pious feeling to only a sufi like her can create. I would recommend this to anyone fan of Abida, Gulzar, Kabir and even fans of Asian/Hindustani music, Ghazals etc.Go and buy this!!!!! You will love it
Beautiful music, amazingly sung. The songs just make you melt away.Abida Parveen's voice is divine and the music makes you feel the divine presence.
This is one of my all-time favorite Hawaiian albums, and for good reason - the music is simply outstanding. For those interested in delving into Hawaiian music, it doesn't get much better than Makaha Sons, IMO. As one other mentioned, anything with Bruddah Iz in it is worth purchasing.
This is an excellent overview of Lowlife's catalog of releases with great alternate versions of some tracks to keep it more interesting for existing fans.My introduction to this sorely under-appreciated band was the former compilation "From a Scream to a Whisper" on vinyl. There are a few essential tracks from that older compilation I wish were on this one (e.g. "A Sullen Sky," "Big Uncle Ugliness"). However, the trade-off is that the older comp stopped at 1989 (about halfway through their career together), while this one does a fair job of sampling from just about every release they made and does so chronologically. Thankfully, with AmazonMP3 now you can reconstruct the older comp or augment this one with the other tracks if you so choose :)One thing of which to be aware: I've noticed some flaws in the rip of "Ramafied" which I hope Amazon corrects. I'm reporting them now.I'm so happy that Lowlife has *finally* been given the remaster and re-issue treatment they have deserved. I hope a new crowd of fans comes to appreciate them as much as I and others do.
This is one of the best intrumental interpretations of real armenian music I'v ever met!The fantastic harmony of mainly guitar and duduk (Armenian woodwind instrument) are so much in consistency with the great theme of Armenian melody!Great job ! Thanks much to artists!
this is the best compilation by don carlos if you find this in a store it will prolly be more expensive than getting the mp3 album but either way when im on pandora i go to don carlos radio because this album always comes up and i just sit there and vibe ....and im like wow don carlos is so influential and smooth vocals on top of some real heavy rasta roots music 70's stylee its don carlos AT HIS BEST i love don carlos and love reggae music so do yourself a favor and buy this album you will love yourself after you buy it
I love just about all of the songs on this CD.  It's very sad how she passed away and she was so young!  If she would have survived and kept singing, I can't imagine how she would have sounded and the material she would have come up with.  Zayda has a distinctive voice and the band sounds good too.  Zayda is just great and I will look for more of her songs to download.
I enjoy listening to foreign language, especially what is being sung. I was always intrigued by Tounges and Into the Secret of the Heart is very Mystical and Enlightening.
This cd absolutely captures Los Dos Gilbertos at their very best.  Classic songs such as Mi Carino Por Ti and Corazon De Hielo are still played to this day. If you want the best conjunto music, you got it here.Don't pass this one up!
I just got this album and I love it. This is the best of Aguilar. A must buy! You will love it.
Senor Aguilar is a real inspiration to the people of Zacatecas and the U.S. This is very appealing music for all.
This is a great introduction to Don Antonio's work.  Born outside of Villanueva, Mexico, on May 17, 1919, he began riding horses and singing in the saddle as a toddler on the &#34;La Casa Grande de Tayahua&#34;, an hacienda first built in 1596 in the town of Tayahua, about 35 km from Villanueva. Aguilar's ancestors acquired this property in the early 19th century..His love for horses and ranches shows in the cut &#34;Mi Ranchito.&#34;  He was an outstanding horseman late into life and you can see why he was why he was called &#34;El Charro de Mexico&#34; on any number of youtube videos.Although Don Antonio initially pursued a career in opera, a friend suggested he sing mariachi and &#34;use that powerful voice to sing the songs of the people.&#34;  That great voice singing the people's songs is displayed very well on this album.  A great complement to this album is &#34;Corridos de Revolucion&#34; which pays homage in song to the Mexican heroes like Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata who he portrayed in the movies.  Buy both albums you won't regret it.
I have the old LP of Danza para mi pueblo by Danny Rivera. It is so great, that I wanted to have it in a cd. It is gorgeous! He is one of the best Puerto Rican singers ever
I love Indian music! and this is so much fun to listen to.  Especially Alla Jane by Pammi Bai..It's a sad song...I love the sitar/sarangi in it....
As usual....quality music from The Church.These guys just keep on keeping on.  Their music never changes....and it is always good.
Very nice album with many famous rancheras sons. His voice for this type of song is great.  I really enjoy all tracks.
For those of you that treasure authentic Jamaican ska music, this is one album you must add to your library. It certainly takes me back to my childhood days growing up in JA when life was just simply good and not filled with today's complicated and vile influences.  The only thing people of this era wanted to do at parties was just dance.  The Skatellites certainly made anyone want to dance to their music.
If this was one of Machito's last records it should go down as one of his best. The arrangements were far beyond it's time. He (Machito) not Eddie Palmeri discovered Lalo Rodriquez and this was his debut as a vocalist. His range is not or even been matched since. If you don't own this recording shame on you it is truly a masterpiece by the Maestro and founding father of Afro-Cuban music.
Aunque nunca tuve la oportunidad de oir a Vallejo en vivo, el se ha convertido en mi bolerista favorito, junto con el Beny.
Joan Sebastian interpretations are always great, he sings with very deep from his heart in addition with those unique melodies composed by him. Nice album.
Talent.  That's one way to describe it...or the feeling you get when you listen to a really good singer/songwriter sing that song that's closest to their heart.  Greg grows the bamboo, makes flutes out of the bamboo he grows, and then makes albums like this with the flutes as the star performers.  Simply unbelievable.
One of my favorite albums to listen to for background creative music. I LOVE it while painting, working around the house or taking a bath. The lyrical flute music takes you to another place...
Makes me wish I was back in Maui.  Puts you in the &#34;island&#34; mood.  Good variety of songs and artists.
Amazing harmony and voices for sa hawaiian protest song that tells a beautiful story. This has become one of my favorites
For those of us used to standard American folk it can catch you off guard. But I loved the music he created. His blues and pop were phenomenal as well. Too short a life though!
Loved all the songs on the album!The melodies stay with you long after you've finished listening!I couldn't wait to order my next album of Hawaiian music.
Boni creates his own beer drinkin, boot stompin tunes!! Puro Tejano Compadre..Para todo los tejanos locos que les bustan tomar'!!!
Before (and after) the charismatic and vocally gifted Roy Rogers, there was Bob Nolan, the true compositional and singing genius behind the astounding longevity of the Sons of the Pioneers. Bob Nolan forged an entirely new genre: progressive, nontraditional close-harmony cowboy singing. The genre was at a perilously low ebb in 1979 when producer Snuff Garrett lured the legendary, comfortably retired Bob Nolan back into the studios for these tracks, his final recordings. Nolan was then in his eighth decade, the pipes rusty and less robust, but the enthusiasm and musicality are inescapable. &#34;Cool water&#34; and &#34;Tumbling tumbleweeds&#34; receive decent contemporary reinterpretations bolstered by a youngish background chorus. Bob Nolan hadn't idled in retirement, and he presents his newer songs as if they were burnished old chestnuts we've known forever.  &#34;Wandering,&#34; for instance, perfectly sums up the lilt, poetry and landscape mysticism of much of Nolan's output and is impossible to resist. This is a touching and entertaining supplement to any Sons of the Pioneers collection, a fine memorial to Nolan's legacy.
Although I am an English speaker, this music has great Bollywood energy, contemporary feel, and I enjoy listening to it along with dance music.
These are excellent Classical Indian Bhajans. My favorite is Varde Veena. It will take you to a meditative mood.
Although I am not Persian I must confess that after listening to him for yearsI would not doubt that after "all the data" were in from all the other countriesof the world, his voice would be the one consistently appearing at the top. NowI am serious collector of music, and having savored the best tenors and baritones fromevery corner of the earth, it is his voice that wins each time. If I had notheard and loved at least 80 great singers from the globe, I would not dare make thisclaim since I would be simply "emoting". Ebi is quite simply Iran's greatestmusical treasure, a voice that appears in this world only from time to time.His voice will not send your cat running out of the room the way so called"operatic geniuses' do. No it is pure magic through and through, magnificent in itsthorough naturalness and engaging poignancy. One thinks of the great Cantors likeZion Ben Miller or Moishe Kousevitsky or the likes of Italy's Gigli or Scotland'sAlasdaire Gillies or India's Manna Dey and their ability to give their songsan indefinable but unmistakable something ELSE.
Extraordinary performance by two of the most talented artists in their genres. This ensemble created a magic synergism in which each one seemed even greater. This album is a must for those lovers of bolero.
I was given this cassette years ago by a dear Tejano friend; I hadn't heard of Valerio Longoria but I was immediately smitten, and I listened to the cassette until it wore out. I am THRILLED by the new availability of the mp3 album, as it was never released as a CD.Born in 1924, Longoria was a legendary accordianist and a pioneer in the genre of Tex-Mex conjunto music.  He was highly innovative, experimenting with the tuning of his accordion, adding drums to the ensemble, and adding vocals to what had been a strictly instrumental style of dance music; he also introduced bolero music to the genre.  He helped transform once "lowly" conjunto music into a widely-appreciated musical style. Longoria earned the National Heritage Fellowship Award for his pivotal contributions to conjunto music.More complete information about Valerio Longoria and his musical achievements can be found at HaciendaRecords.com (under Artists, "V") and at PBS.org under American Roots Music.Longoria's voice goes directly to the heart, as does his distinctive accordian sound.  Hacienda Records writes about him and his music with enormous affection, and after his passing in December 2000, issued the beautiful and moving "Recordando" album as a tribute to him. Hacienda has just begun offering mp3 downloads of Valerio Longoria's music, via Amazon, along with downloads from other of its finest artists and some free sample mp3s.I encourage anyone who likes conjunto music and Tex-Mex accordian to listen to the mp3 samples of the music of Valerio Longoria.  The man was a national treasure, a humble gentleman... and a musical heartbreaker.Texas Conjunto Pioneer;Caballo Viejo;Vengo a Pedirte;The Texas-Mexican Conjunto; Texas-Mexican Border Music Vol. 24
I GREW UP LISTENING TO HOUSE MUSIC!! IT'S FUN, U CAN EXERCISE, JOG, RUN, DANCE TO THE BEAT, ITS WAY BETTER THAN ALL THAT HIP HOP RAP, IT'S OK BUT IT'S NOTHING COMPARE TO HOUSE!  I'M OLD SCHOOL, I STRONGLY FEEL THAT MUSIC AIN'T THE SAME WHEN I WAS GROWING UP! I AM A MUSIC LOVER BABY! R&B, HOUSE,  A LITTLE JAZZ, GOSPEL, RAP, ETC. THAT'S IS MY STRONG OPINION!!
Charsur releases lot of South Indian Carnatic albums. This is a thematic album on the temple of Chidambaram where the great dancing deity Lord Nataraja is worshiped. Sanjay sings with fervor and it is a treat to listen to him. He makes regular tour of North America as well performs in Chennai season a lot in December. If you are a fan of Carnatic music, you should listen to him live.
I've heard very, very few who can wring this much expression from a fiddle. Like maybe two or three other players in the world.Jerry Holland's music can make you happy, sad, proud, defiant, and sometimes all of the above at once.
This CD is a wonderful addition to any music collection. It cleanses the energy system of the body while being interesting to listen to. It is on my playlists in both my home and office. I recommend it to anyone who needs help removing stress and illness. Totally awesome!
I would recommend this CD to anyone that loves music. The music, lyrics and quality are so beautifully done it is worth the listen.
I would recommend this album to anyone who has an interest in traditional native american flute music. Doc Tate's introduction of each song gives insite and is a nice addition.
mahalo to the paradise serenaders and this wonderful recording showcasing a style of Hawaiian music and the talents of Hawaiian musicians!  Imua!
This is a "Where are they now?" follow-up to Beleza Tropical. Beleza Tropical was my favorite of David Byrne's Brazil Classics series. Most of these artists are the same ones who were on the original Beleza Tropical 20 years ago. In the meantime, they have gotten even better, and they have discovered synthesizers in a big way. Lyrics are provided in translation, and they are good as well. This is great party and driving music. Highly recommended.
I discovered Joseph Spence through Woody Mann. After previewing several cuts on Amazon I had to purchase the entire album. What a unique and interesting player. I think of him as the Blind Blake of the Bahamas.
I'm still pickin myself up off the floor after hearing these guys.This album is smokin' to the nth degree !!!
Las canciones de Carlos Arellano tienen cierta magia que te hace sentir que estas entre amigos, platicando alrededor de una cerveza o un cafe con ganas de que nunca termine la reunion, la fiesta, la charla. La forma en que describe situaciones, mujeres, momentos, es muy intima, muy exacta. Estoy feliz de haber encontrado al menos este disco en Amazon. Proximamente buscare por todo Puebla para comprar lo que encuentre de este increible narrador de historias.
This is just the type of music I was looking for. I really like Chinese female vocal music which has a more traditional sound. I will not pretend to know a lot about Chinese music but this has what I would consider to be the classic female singer sound that you sometimes hear in old cheesy kung-fu movies or even at some Chinese restaurants when they are not playing the very cheesy stuff that seems like it has been Americanized. Some songs are kind of depressing sounding but overall it has a soothing sound. Very enjoyable for a relaxing day when you can hang around the house :)
really enjoyed the CD.....it was very difficult to find however, glad I did.  Hopefully more of this type of music genre would be offered.
Excellent collection of Puerto RIcan revolutionary songs, beautifully played by the ever talented Andres Jimenez. This CD is a must for anyone that loves Jibaro music and the unique instrumental flavors of Puerto Rico.
This is wonderful typical music from Puerto Rico. This album is worth every penny. My mother is from Puerto Rico and I consider myself to be Puerto Rican although my father is Dominican. This music is new to me and I truly enjoy it. I first heard this on [...] and am pleased that it has led me to the discovery of my musical heritage other than the more commonley heard Salsa music that I had not prviously heard. I would recomend this CD to anyone interested in the traditional folk music as well as revolutionary history of Puerto Rico.I also recommend "Jibaro Hasta el Hueso"
Justin Hinds is sorely missed in the Reggae community.  This album brings to light his passion for music and the excellent playing by John Browns Body helps lift up the pace a bit. This a great reggae classic in the coming for all who like Roots Reggae.
First, I was drawn into Latin, Brazilian, African and other world music by Amazon's wonderful free samplers albums. They definitely "worked,"  in that I have bought a lot of such music through and from Amazon -- I've just got to give five stars for Amazon not only for music but for their entire business.As for this album, I don't know what to say other than that if your tastes in music are "catholic" -- or if you believe, as Duke Ellington reportedly said, "If it sounds good, it is good" -- then you need to check this out.  I mean, the music speaks for itself -- why in the world would you need me to tell you how it sounds?  If you do like it, you should check out Luaka Bops's two-record album "Zero Accidents on the Job," which is terrific.My last few Amazon purchases included "The Roots of American Psychobilly" and "The Rev. Horton Heat" (how can you not love a song titled "Plase Don't Take the Baby to the Liquor Store"?), as well as two "Best of the Tubes" albums. ("What Do You Want From Life," indeed?)If you are reading this, you clearly have some knowledge about and interest in this genre.  So, hit the "play all samples" button, and give it  chance.  'nuff said.I'm now off to look for more Susana Baca albums.
Looking for something different? Try out this album! 5.99 for 15 nicely arranged songs. Very enjoyable :)My favorite song so far is Hua Er Wei Shen Mo Zhe Yang Hong, really beautiful.I also really like Kang Ding Qing Ge, Xi Bo Nie, and Bu Jun Zhuang.Others I like are Qing Chun Wu Qu, Mao Zhu Xi Hua Er Ji Xin Tou,  Xiang Lian, A La Mu Han, Gan Lan Shu, and Wo De Tai Yang.Volume 4 is so far my favorite of these Classic Song Collections, I also have vol. 1 and 2.Take a listen!
The song are excellent Laura Khalil voice is unbelievable it goes to my heart I will order more album I tried to make make cd so I can listen to it when I am driving but didn't work.
I was drawn to this CD when traveling in Turkey.  As I was walking down the street amongst small businesses, this CD was blaring out of a music shop.  I had to stop and listen, as I was so drawn to it's beauty and charm.  I bought this CD on the spot and now I'm on my second copy due to someone stealing it out of my car....obviously they loved it as much as I do.  It's a showstopper!
I discovered Can Atilla's music while traveling in Istanbul.  Now I helplessly became addicted to his heavenly and beautiful music.  I deeply recommend any of his CDs.  You will not regret that purchase.
Beautiful, danceable music including some pieces that scream out for a silk veil. Check out their other albums and mp3s
I have the cassette version of this product, I like it so much I just wanted to get the CD version.  Can't stop laughing at Alvarez Guedes delivery of a joke or better anecdotes.  Wonderful humor!
I agree with D. Moritz - this is the best. I originally got into latin music through Trios Los Panchos and the "Boleros" genre that they did so well, but for the past few years Huasteco has really grabbed me. Relentless, pounding, dissonant, and soaring, simultaneously dark and light, it's an amazing musical style. And as D. Moritz says, I don't think anyone does it better than Xoxocapa. I wish more was available from this incredible group. Amazon has Sones Huastecos 3 and IV, so where's 2? And is there a 1?
Something about the way these songs are done makes them all great. They are upbeat, but indeed 'smooth flowing'. I like the instruments, and the voices are really great. I've also purchased the mp3 albums for volumes 2 and 4.Favorites so far:Nan Ni WanZhong Shou Jiao Kai Xing Fu HuaI also like Ka Qiu Sha, Qing Shen Yi Chang, Ba Yue Gui Hua Bian Di Kai, Bao Bei, and Ga Da Mei Lin.I had never heard any of these songs before, though 'You Yi Di Jiu Tian Chang' is the Auld Lange Syne melody, and I don't recognize the artists' names.I can't say anything for the lyrics, as I don't speak much Chinese and really haven't looked them up. A couple titles refer to Mao, the song Zan Men De Ling Xiu Mao Ze Dong is quite pretty, I may be better off not knowing the lyrics. It's a bit disheartening how popular he still is.15 tracks for 5.99 is a great way to be able to sample Chinese folk music.
Excellent representation of the mexican folk music, magnificently interpreted by the highly talented Amparo Ochoa. This is a classic recorder highly recommended.
Having my grandparents in this Mexican revolution I wondered about the songs that was part of theirs and mine history.
I fist owned this album (yes it was on vinyl) in the 70's during the height of the Troubles. I had been describing it to some younger friends as an example of verbal history and was very happy to have it to provide examples. Thanks for making it available again.
Great recording of songs that mattered. Unfortunately the enhanced CD quit playing in my car stereo about the third time. That stereo has no problem with any other discs. It still plays ok in the home player.
I wore out the vinyl record of this in college and was pleased and was amazed and thrilled to find it was available on CD 40 years later. This is an entirely political, partisan group of songs from a precise moment in history. There are songs documenting particular incidents in which police and civilians clash - when the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) rioted throughout the Catholic ghettoes of Belfast, songs of the battle at Falls Road and many general anti-RUC ballads. There is a song of support for the jailed Bernadette Devlin. There is a reading from &#34;Soldiers of the Empire&#34; by John Gray explaining the political situation. The only sad thing about this CD is the lack of the liner notes and lyrics from the album. But the songs still hold power and I'm really happy to have it available in my life.
I found Lee Sora in the &#34;similar artists&#34; tab on Spotify, and I was captivated by her soft yet powerful vocals.  I've been listening to the whole album for two days straight now.  My only complaint is that some of the songs sound similar.Another thing to note is that I don't think anything on the whole album exceeds like 80bpm.  Expect to be relaxed, don't expect to dance.
I absolutely love this song.  I listen to it over and over again and it makes me want to cry.  If you ever get a chance to look up the video online I also recommend it.  Just a beautiful Arabic love song.
I love all the songs. They are old songs but so beautiful! Love the singers' voices as well. Great album!
I am learning Chinese as my third language. This music is just so beautiful to linsten; it help me realx as well.I love every single song from this CD.Well done!
From the first time I heard "Mi Territorio" I knew that La Gran Orquesta Rebuplicana was my new favorite band.  Their music is so full of energy that if you don't start jumping around your computer when you download the mp3s, you may want to check and see if they downloaded properly.  The songs are so much fun, and the lyrics are so interesting and positive that this music will cheer you up on the gloomiest of days.  This 2 disc set is a real treat, especially for the price here.  Do yourself a favor and download these songs.  You won't regret it!!
Armando Maral , is famous worldwide for his recordings and works with the most important names of the Brazilian music as Ivan Lins, Djavan, Joo Bosco, and also Paul Simon, Pat Metheny among others. In this work Maral explores the Samba, Bossa and Jazz together with the magic rhythms of his percussion. Not to be Missed !!!
This is a full CD with lot's of great Latin and Cuban style music.  I especially like the &#34;La Malanda&#34; cut on this CD.
I absolutely LOVE this album.As someone who was not raised a Hindu but luckily came to the way of life later in my life it is suited for my Western ears.Those who are used to hearing the various prayers sung to a more traditional beat may not like these renditions.  It is perfect for Westerners who are searching for a "modern" sound.Jaya Mataji!  Jaya Durga!
I lived in Greece in my youth - back in the mountains with shepherds and sheep and goats around. It wasn't in Macedonia but the sounds on this CD are just like I remember.
Another bit of history for survivors and students of the struggles in Northern Ireland.  The first album is also available for Mp3 download.  Cheers.
It's worth the money. Just do it. If you're even reading this review you should be able to tell whether or not you like this kind of stuff. You don't need to take my word for it.
I purchased this item as a gift for my father and he loves it.  It reminds him of his childhood.  Great music to listen to and is also dance-able.
so  I had to buy the cd- I loved this solo album of Andy M Stewart so much. The title track is haunting & beautiful- not a bad song in the bunch
The beautiful voice of Alonzo Cruz... one of the most beautiful, beautiful, beautiful recordings I have ever heard.  It was a most fortunate thing when my sister and her friend and I ate at a small restaurant in Taos.  They complained about the jazz being played - which I thought was totally unnecessary - and said it was out of context for the area and culture there.  WELL!  The server put on this recording!  We all fell in love.  Now I have more respect for the "sqeaky wheels" among us, for otherwise I might never have experienced this awesomely divine sound.  It is a Cook recording, on location, with background sound, but the awesomeness comes through.  NOW.... I discovered another recording by the same artist with a slight name variation: Alfonso Cruz Jimenez, Folk Songs of Mexico.  It is nowhere advertised - at Smithsonian Folkways or elsewhere - that these two precious recordings are by the same man, but they are.  Listen and you will hear for yourself.  So if you like Blind Troubador of Oaxaca, order the other recording.  These recordings date back many, many years, a quality of sound that may be lost.
Alonzo Cruz is the same singer and guitarist known as Alfonso Cruz Jimenez, whose recording "Folk Songs of Mexico" is available on Amazon and elsewhere. He is a sublime artist who sang on the streets of Oaxaca during the 1950s. This transcendent music communicates a rare beauty. If there is anything else the Troubadour's work could be compared to, I have not heard it.
There are many great Flamenco guitar masters.  Each seems to have a different sensibility.  Carlos Montoya is very exciting.  Lots of strumming and quick changes in rhythm and tone.  I love Sabicas, but I also love Montoya.  They are different but both are great masters.
"Introducing Fuego" by Fuego is one of the best old school Tejano albums that I've ever heard. We're talking about early 80's keyboard driven Tejano with your typical "romantic lyrics". I would recomend this album to any Old School Tejano fan. (also check out Pio Trevino Y Majic
This collection is kind of all-over-the-place, but it's all good, and worth five stars for the title track alone. This is one of McCook's greatest tracks, and very hard to find until now. I've been told by a friend of the late McCook that "Mabrouk" was his personal favorite from among his own recordings. A rocksteady classic that should be in any fan's collection.
the best in the north south east west hallelujah gloria a dios musica muy buena de dios si te gusto banda musica amen
This is the greatest Native American CD ever. AT least it's my favorite.  We've had a couple of copies and lost or ruined them.  Now I see it on Amazon and it will go straight on my computer.  THANK YOU Amazon!!  Gotta Love it!
This album is a must have; it has some of the classic gospel greatest songs and artists on it. It is hard to find a good compilation album these days.  This is a great album.
I can't get enough of the Shiva chalisa.I highly recommend this for the followers of lord ShivaAnd for those who meditate on bis grace
I heard this album and I became really homesick but in a good way.  This album made me think of being with my family back Corpus Christi, Texas barbequing it up and drinking some cold ones. The singer blends perfectly with the band and the album's sound is well produced.  I will recommend this album to anyone. It's my favorite out of all their album out of all of the others..
I am really enjoying these Bhajans to Lord Ganesha. There is a nice variety and assortment. It is an excellent addition to my library.
Each track is a gem! Brilliant!In an album of 4 female vocalists (Girija Devi, Shobha Gurtu, Shubha Mudgal and Lakshmi Shankar), there is a lone male track by Pt. Ajoy Chakraborty.
As with many other double-volume sets, the first of this collection of Punjabi folk music is the better album, at least for me. Punjabi folk tunes are fast, strong, but fairly simple in rhythm, which explains why it is so influential in Bhangra and Bollywood for dance numbers. The sarangi, a stand-up folk fiddle, is the dominant accompaniment to the drums, both tabla and hour-glass folk types. Bansuri and double-reed flutes, a single-stringed, high-pitched tumbia, a metal pitcher (gagar) and ceramic pitcher (gharha), among various percussion, also are heard. The music is propulsive and sweet in tone. Gamdoor Amar, who is feataured on two tracks, is my favorite among the vocalists. Track 7 is more classical in approach, beginning as a duo without instrumentation or rhythm, like a dhrupad alap or ghazal, but soon turning to a steady, dignified jor. The 61-minute album is well-produced and a pleasure.
I have yet to buy this as of this review, but i do have the song "river flows through you." i happened upon it by accident on myspace on someone's personal "twilight" soundtrack page (not for the actual soundtrack, just what they felt went with the story, i'm assuming). i feel as though this should have been the "original score" for that story. well, the book at least. from what i've heard in the previews here on amazon, Yiruma fills his music with such love, pain,longing, and various other emotions that it transcends the simplicity of the music itself. i will soon be downloading this album for myself.
I love all types of music.  Yiruma is unique, but simple.  His music is the most relaxing and soothing music I have ever heard.  It will put you right to sleep (in a good way).  You won't be in "awe" of his music as far as the difficulty of the music goes.  But you can sense and feel the passion that he puts into every note.  Basically, Yiruma is to the piano world as Michael Buble is to the vocal performance world.  I will definitely be buyinig all of his stuff.  And the music download process was pretty simple.  No issues there.
I don't have words to describe the beautiful music of Yiruma. He is like an angel playing the piano. I Love his music... many stars for him.Lima, Per&uacute;
I found this artist from the loops of the Twilight movie.  He is so talented.  His piano pieces are soothing and relaxing.  Even my dog loves it!  when I shut the CD player off, he quickly looks up perk his ears and look around like "where did the music go??"  My only regret is that I bought the wrong album.  I should have bought his newer album which includes an extra 2 songs.
When I first heard the whole CD, it made me teary eyed.  Beautiful beyond words.  Genius.
As expected from a member of the legendary band H.O.T this album was fantastic.  Moon Hee Jun makes this an exiting album to keep close to your heart while he left for the army for two long years.  Like always he brings all he's got to the rock genre and puts his anti-fans to shame.  This album is a must have for any krock fan or even any kpop fan.H.O.T fighting!
I love this album. It's only 3 songs, but they are 3 of Abdel Halim's best songs & she does a great job redoing these songs.
I listen to this music often because it is beautiful and soothing. It helps me when I am in a creative or meditative mood.Their instrumentation is good and I love tango!! I would only add that I would have liked it better had they had more songs...I find it difficult to follow this up with other music in my collection that won't break the mood...
I just "found" Park Hyo Shin..I like a lot of artists but he has become my favorite...no matches!He has a voice that is beyond description...the songs are lovely and the musicians are exquisite.
This is a fantastic mp3 and well worth the price...I just wish it had been included on the CD.
Absolutely a must for anyone with an appreciation for highly trained quality voices. These ladies are my ALL TIME favorite !!!!!!
the girls sing so beautiful and it is so relaxing to listen to them.The only complaint is it is too short,I could listen to them for hours.
Una de mis bandas de reggae favoritas. uno de los mejores discos de ellos. Lo recomiendo para todos los fanaticos del reggae rock
This is the second album bobby puli do put out. I forgot it has so many good songs. A must own. La rosa is a firms rolla. I think that song will sell you
Bobby Pulido's music is one of a kind that his voice is clean with a great sound.  The music is the best I have heard in years and continues to be my favorite CD.
Disclaimer: I love most (if not all) Brazilian reggae but this album takes the prize for my reggae album EVER. Natiruts has such a smooth and soothing voice and the way the music is all put together, it's truly excellent. The best part about this album, as compared to other reggae albums, is that each song sounds different. Usually, I buy a reggae album, and while I enjoy all of it, I could put one song of repeat and think I was listening to the whole album -- not so with this one. Each song has its own distinct rhythm and feel.
love this album, oldie but a goodie.  i was very pleased to find it online.  perfect now i can carry it with me on my mp3
classic ziggy!
Te daria mi vida - one of the best, but if you listen to the other songs, they are good like "NADA DE TI, I am surprised it wasn't a chart topper. EN EL NOMBRE DEL AMOR, ME ESTOY ENAMORANDO (sounds a bit like a carnival but good). Before you know it you will know all of the songs lyrics. This is the CD I listened to in high school...and I still remember all of the lyrics.
This album has an 80's sound to it.  But, the sound is very unique and there are a lot of songs where you hear Stephen's presence.  The cover of Bob's &#34;There she goes&#34; is amazing.  I have listened to this album since it came out and I still love it.
I bought this CD in Chile after attending Alberto's concert. His songs and his singing are mesmerizing. I compare him equally with the late Frank Sinatra. This is the best of all of his albums. My favorite track is Ahora Es Miguel, but they are all fantastic on this album. One more point and that is you don't have to understand Spanish to love and enjoy Alberto and his singing.
Yo seria quizas el anti-fan numero 1 de Aleks Syntek por su constante rehuso de componer canciones cantables debido a su ideologia "anti-pop". Pero despues de varios discos que se llevaron adulaciones de la prensa experta musical en inmensos trenes de carga y barcos gigantes ( y con sus merecidas ventas en decadencia), un dia el Sr. Ra&uacute;l Alejandro Escajadillo Pe&ntilde;a se dio cuenta que - aparte de ser un pesimo papel higienico - de nada le servirian los laureles periodisticos si los discos no venden. O quizas fue la disquera que le dio un ultimatum: O sacas un disco bueno, o vuelves a trabajar de payaso en algun circo de la DF. Jamas sabremos la verdad, pero lo que si sabemos es que salio este disco, y que gracias a la violacion de los principios establecidos por A.S. de no componer canciones populares, este album merecio ser comprado por mi, y etar aun en mi coleccion de discos. De Noche En La Ciudad contiene temas electronicos, funk, y quizas uno que estaria mas en casa en un teatro, pero ni aburre, ni quedara perdido entre la basura como sus previas obras. Aunque no segui la carrera de A.S. despues de este disco ( lo que hizo con la tarada Ana Torroja y los temas de Mecano es imperdonable), lo puedo remendar sin reserva y con todos los elogios bien merecidos. ESTA es su OBRA MAESTRA. Recomendado: 10 sobre 10 puntos!
Signing Off may be better than this album most will say it is indeed, yet if that is so the difference in quality is slim at best. This album is wonderful, a most certain 5 star. In a country obsessed with unspeakably lousy pop culture, how could one not enjoy the mega-heck out of this super pleasurable sound experience. Those who hate, quit it. For this is one of the greats. Don't Let It Pass You By!
This album is in Spanish, with a voice similar to someone who has been smoking. Although these songs are old they are some of his best. Romantic and in tradition to music from Julio Eglesia format, it is a  good album for a dinner party, listening around the house or a night with your love one.
Very good album from start to finish would buy more albums from this artist again got allot of good music
Hace muchos a&ntilde;os que no la o&iacute; cantar y este disco me trajo muchos recuerdos buenos.  Ella fue una compositora maravillosa y tambi&eacute;n una cantante fant&aacute;stica.  Su estilo de cantar no era compleja y su voz me gustaba much&iacute;simo.  Para las personas que quieran escuchar a las canci&oacute;nes de ayer este disco estar&iacute;a bueno para poner en su colecci&oacute;n.
BOCAS ORDIN&Aacute;RIAS is the album that established CHARLIE BROWN JR as the best Brazilian Rock band from the early 2000's....BOCAS got 2 HUGE HITS like PAPO RETO and S&Oacute; POR UMA NOITE, but all the songs are great like SOU QUEM EU SOU, COM A BOCA AMARGANDO e HOJE EU S&Oacute; PROCURO A MINHA PAZ.....This is the band 5th album, and maybe their best.....WELL DONE, CHARLIE BROWN!!!!!!
Robert Pulido is my 1st cousin. Songs are a set of great classic Primo Tejano. Of course I am a little biased.
TAMO AI NA ATIVIDADE, CHARLIE BROWN's 6th album is the last great album from this great band, where i can say i really like all the songs.....It's the last one with the original formation before the band split and only the singer Choro continue.....GREAT mix of Heavy Metal, Reggae, Hip Hop and Rock.....The band musicianship is amazing!!!! The singer is really good with cool lyrics....If you understand Portuguese, check CHARLIE BROWN JR!!!!!!GREAT BAND!!!!
Fans of Mazz recognize the contributions of Joe Lopez and Jimmy Gonzalez---Joe as the group's lead singer(awesome) and Jimmy as a great song writer/singer. Mazz stood out above the rest of the tejano bands throughout the 80s and for good reason. While I had never heard of Selena(my favorite female tejano artist postmortem, unfortunately), I had heard of Mazz. This cd covers a good range of their hit songs so skipping a song to listen to a "better" one will not be necessary.Tejano music at its best. Another great buy would be the self-titled album, "Selena"by Selena and her band.
Edible music. All in one plate. More good songs, such as "Que Creias" not in this compilation, but still are available as individual mp3 purchase. Good stuff. Where is this good music now?
"I Wah Dub" on More Cut Records is true Dub wise of the reggae scene of the late 1970's and could also be said as another starting point for electronica music. With the band personnel of Jah Bunny, on drums on 'Steadie', 'Jazz', Angus Gaye, on drums on 'Electrocharge', 'Reflections', 'Oohkno', 'Nough', and 'Binoculars', Nick 'Stalker' Baily, ploy moog on 'Electrocharge', and 'Reflections', John Kpiaye, guitar and piano on 'Jazz', Tony Robinson, piano and organ on 'Reflections', Julio Finn, harmonica on 'Steadie', Patrick Tenyue, Melodic a on 'Blaubart', voices on 'Nough', and Dennis Bovell, drums, bass, guitar, piano, organ, Fender Rhodes, and percussion one can not go wrong with this in one's collection.
If you already own both volumes of Francophonic and are looking for a little more of Franco's work, don't hesitate to buy this album. Very few of the songs appear on either of the Francophonic volumes and the material here is top-notch. In fact, Tres Impoli and the lead-off track Matata Mwasi Na Maboli Esilaka Te are must-have Franco tracks. A different version of Mario is the only overlap with Francophonic Volume 2. There are about five songs which appear on Volume 1 (Rumba OK, Azda, Alimatou, Quatre Boutons, and ...). Sam Mangwana appears on six tracks: the aforementioned Matata Mwasi Na Maboli Esilaka Te, Nabala Ata Mwba, Alimatou, and Ou Est Le Serieux from the 70's, Tres Impoli and Toujours OK from the 80's. I've seen complaints about the lack of a chronological order here. Actually the second disc is more or less chronological with out being a slave to the timeline. It's the first disc which is not chronological and except for the jumps from the 80's back to the 50's, the order works well enough.The booklet is okay but pales considerably in comparison to the Francophonic booklets which is understandable. Additionally, there are several mind-boggling errors in the song credits, including wrong dates: Tres Impoli from 1974(??!) and Aya La Mode, taken from the CD Merveilles du Passe: 1957-1958-1959 is credited as from 1962 (although this could be the correct year--Sonodisc was useless in documenting things correctly). The biggest error, however is that the song listed as Mamou (Tu Vois!) is not that song at all. It is Massu, a wonderful song from 1986 sung by the female vocalist Jolie Detta who is accompanied by Franco.Errors aside, there is nothing wrong with the music on the discs themselves, although I'm convinced that you could reach in the OK Jazz "hat" and make a great CD with any of the songs that you pull out.
"Momboj&oacute;" is a "legal" (cool) band from Recife and currently of my more favorite foreign "alternativo rock" (well sort of rock) bands, specifically the "Nada De Novo" (nothing new) album.Their location is of significance as it's the roots of "mangue beat" .. "a cultural movement created circa 1991 in the city of Recife in Northeast Brazil in reaction to the cultural and economical stagnation of the city. The movement largely focuses on music." -Wikipedia Sadly in 2007 Rafael (aka "O Rafa"), 24 years old, the trombone and flute player (bottom right), passed away from a heart attack.I like their smooth vocals appropriately sampled at times paired "uncharacteristically" with flute and a heavy bass sound to make a melodic and complex sound such as in "Deixe-se acreditar". The talent is deep, showing a wide range of influences all during largely down-tempo rock songs. It's kind of a returning theme that comes back in surprising ways. Heard in "Deixe-se acreditar", "A Missa", "O Ceu o e mar", and others. The songs also have some cool guitar riffs and change direction frequently.."Faaca" (faca means knife) is one of their bigger hits from this alb., a song which has dark lyrics constantly building but never goes too far in a particular direction. It is hard not to sing out loud the chorus which starts "Eu quero ver voc danar ... "Simply put, AMAZING album...PS> It should be noted that 5 years ago you couldn't even really buy music like this online...Mombojo, &eacute; demais demais!
I have been enjoying this CD since I first got it. The members of Panacea have recorded a truly great selection of songs and dances from Europe. Most of the pieces are from Eastern Europe, with a few celtic sounding pieces placed nicely into the mix. They are all very good players with ample skill to pull off excellent recordings of each of the pieces.
This is one of the best Balkan/World records I've come across since listening to Trio Bulgarka live in the 1980s. A wonderful set of songs, and great singing. It deserves wider exposure. I wish I could find a translation of the lyrics!
Bembeya were the best of the highly original orchestras in Guinea from the 60's and early 70.  This is a re-release of a compilation album that was released back in the mid 1970's after the untimely death of Aboubacar Demba Camara, the lead singer in all of the tracks in this album.  Camara and guitarist Sekou Diabate were the two stars of Bembeya Jazz National, and this album concentrates on their work right at their prime, between 1968 and 1973.Camara was a truly great singer, in the same league as Salif Keita or Baaba Maal in my opinion, though a very understated and languid one in comparison to them.  His voice was lower and rougher, but he made consistently masterful use of volume dynamics, nasality vs. orality, rhythmic displacement and staccato/legato within the same verse.The guitarist Sekou "Bemebeya" Diabate is also my favorite West African guitarist of the period.  His playing style, as that of his Guinean contemporaries, was influenced by the balafon (the traditional Mande wooden xylophone), but he had a better melodic compass than his contemporaries, and his playing was more exciting and surprise-filled.If you're contemplating on getting one of the more recent Bembeya Jazz retrospective albums (likeThe Syliphone Years: Hits and Rare Recordings), I'd say get this instead.  The modern compilations cover more of Bembeya's earlier and later work, but this album is just better.Top picks: "Beni Barale," "Dagna," "Waraba," and "Whisky Soda."  The last one is particularly notable for Camara having fun by noisily pretending to be a falling-down singing drunk.
This is an incredible collection of some of Sam Mangwana's greatest hits. If you are already familiar with his music, you would know these songs- among them -Mado, Waka Waka, Sans Souci, and many more. The great technical work brings forth Mangwana's wonderful voice beautifully. His ability to express himself in numerous languages, both African and European, adds to the wonder of this stellar album. I cannot imagine not wanting to dance and sing while listening to this rhythmic treasure.
I first heard Get on the Floor on one of my FIFA Futbol video games. When I previewed the entire album I couldn't help but buy the album and never looked back. I do not, I repeat, I DO NOT REGRET buying the album. The one song I really love is &#34;Answer to the Beat&#34;. That song could not be more laid back and chill. Just buy the MP3 album. If you rather have the CD thats fine but I can understand the 1-star rating given by another reviewer.
Perfect to do all your tango steps a little faster and to learn to play with the music. I just wish it had &#34;desde el alma&#34; one of the greatest valzers in my opinion (The Pugliese recording Auscencia)
I enjoy this music can listen all day long it's soo good I purchased it for gym workout motivation music
I really like this album I use it for my DJ gigs . I got everyone dancing  nice up beats and flavor for u salsa lovers
I was very happy to find one of my all time favorite songs recorded, The Old, Old Path. I very much enjoyed this version. Well done.
I was looking for some good guitar music and this CD suits my needs. The description here says that it was originally released in 1965. It is a good quality recording - the sound is clean and there is no fuzziness that often comes with older recordings. The guitarists are both excellent players. I only wish it came in a hard copy (I could only find it digitally online), but that isn't so hard to deal with. If you upload it to iTunes, you can print off a nice copy of this orange CD cover. I will probably search around for more recordings by these performers.
As a two to four year old and living in Majorca I learned to speak the language before English. Naturally I forgot the language after returning to America. But we had a couple of records- since lost - of three quarters of the music on this collection. That was in 1955. Playing them over and over- they remained with me, and what a pleasure to find these- the very same songs here on Amazon!Songs & Dances of Majorca
I downloaded this in mp3 format today, and must say the music is fun to listen to, well recorded, and just authentic. Love it!
This MUSIC IS GREAT.UNFORTUNATELY,THIS MAN IS NOW HOMELESS BACK IN SEATTLE WHILE HIS EX-GIRL RUNNING AND SELLING IS CD/DVD AND HE GETS NOTHING.THIS IS SAD.
Takes me back to when we had good music back in the day. They don't make music like this anymore. My favorite music by far.
If you like Latin music with a great beat, you'll love this song. I heard it on the TV show CSI and immediately had to know what it was. Glad I had Shazam.The song reminded me just a bit of Ana Tijoux's &#34;1977&#34; (which I first heard on Breaking Bad). If you haven't heard Tijoux's song, test it out.
Is a Great Mix between eletronic music and Brazilian folk. Capoeira and world music lovers most have this album.
There is no reason to require me to use the Amazon Downloader to download certain songs.I refuse to install the Downloader, and if I can't download certain songs, I'll find a workaround.  That will be business lost for Amazon.
one of my favorite artist from the living legend. These song brings back many memories and hits home with the lyrics.
Mostly unknown to the western world, Aziz Mian, is/was arguably, the best Qawwal from Pakistan. At the peak of his career, he shows stunning display of lyrical, verbal and vocal control in this amazing Qawwali. The lyrics are laced in both Urdu and Persian and heavily influenced by Medieval Sufi masters especially Rumi, Hafiz and Khayyam. At an hour long Qawwali, only Aziz Mian could manage it without losing any moment of sheer brilliance. This one goes far beyond perfection. Five mystic gold stars.P.S. I had original tapes of this qawwali that were bought around ~$1. Now, after I have bought the mp3 at $8.99, I can only hope that the deserved amount goes to the artist (Aziz Mian) as well.
Talented singer whose accomplishments span several disciplines and whose interpretation is truly appreciated by cross-generational  fans all over the world.
Flor Silvestre is by far my favorite female mexican  singer. She sings from the heart ,ifyou like this kind of music buy this cd.It has some of her best songs.You should seeone of her movies just as good as her music.
After hearing one of their songs onRough Guide to the Music of Turkey, I decided to try a Grup Yorum CD. So far I've absolutely loved it. I don't speak a word of Turkish, so I can't say anything about the lyrics, but the songs are catchy, the arrangements are beautiful. I love the instruments (guitar, violin, oboe, etc.). I like that there male and female lead singers, giving it variety.Favorite songs so far (and you can sample them!) are Sira Neferi and Siz &Ouml;grettiniz.Other ones I quite like are: Atesin ocuklari, Kayiplarin Ardindan, Vasiyet (starts a cappella the first 40 sec.), Gel Yine, Yildizlar Kusandik (first 30 sec are just starting vocals...), Kavusma (the beginning really grates my ears, the good stuff starts about 30 sec. through), Adilos Bebe, Yasamak, Were Berxe Min, and Davet.Most of the songs start one way then get into the main rhythm of the song, I find that gives it suspense, or more depth. Sira Neferi is without doubt one of my favorite songs, the arrangement is beautiful.Apparently the group itself is pretty political (for a band) -- I can't figure out if they are fighting for socialism or against it -- but I stay away from further research... I like their music, and that's what I'm basing the 5-stars on. If you use Google Translate (or if you speak Turkish) you can find out more about the band at grupyorum-dot-net.Grup Yorum is a good place to start for Turkish pop or folk-rock or just Turkish music in general. I also recommend theRough Guide to the Music of TurkeyandRough Guide to Mediterranean Cafe Music.
Great folk rock band from Portugal, with stellar musicianship and beautiful vocals. They mix traditional folk music from Portugal, including middle eastern flavors, with driving, contemporary rock  music. Am excellent album.
This is an excellent CD, and I highly recommend it to fans of Portuguese and/or World Music. This is not Fado, but rather a mix of Portuguese Folk with some world music influences, namely Celtic and Middle Eastern.
I grew up listening to my parents play this album and was REALLY happy to see it available on MP3. They don't make music like this anymore! This music truly reflects a unique sound of the latin heritage and its raw talent.
I bought this album simply because I was browsing around the percussion albums. Its hard to imagine how Okay Temiz' albums have so few reviews, I really found this album to be an astonishing display of musicianship. Possibly because there is some Turkish influence to the music, and the fact that many of the songs are in odd time signatures (9/8 on at least two of them), it probably doesn't have mainstream appeal, and thats understandable. However, if you are a percussion lover, I can guarantee you will like this. In particular, there is some great cuica playing on here, and berimbau, among many many instruments. Go for the download!
This is excellent music by anyones standards. Sophisticated, intricate, exquisitely beautiful. --a rich tapestry of sound. I think Domingo Patricioworks magic and weaves spells with his flute.
She is a great singer and I had no trouble down lodaing the songs.  I would like to get some more of her albums.
Go get this, don't even think about it. Any self-respecting afro-cuban collection needs this album. A pioneering recording from the fifties.
I first heard Rurutia on Last.fm and was intrigued by her sound and her style, so I picked up this album from Amazon.  It took a couple of listens, but that was it - I was hooked.  The vocals are unique and beautiful, and I often find the melodies stuck in my head.  I find myself singing along as I can too (though that doesn't always end so well!)  I wish I knew more Japanese so that I could understand the lyrics - I would love to have a better understanding of the songs.  But this is a lovely album - one of my favorites.