Do you need more corporate PR in your life?  Perhaps 8 hours of work and an evening of advertisements aren't quite enough.  Then consider a subscription to Reason magazine - funded by Koch Industries!Seriously though, I am a former subscriber, and there were some good articles and quality reporting, ones that come to mind are Matt Welch's "Why I Prefer French Health Care" and their expose on the Ron Paul newsletters in 2008.The rest of the articles are fairly predictable - free market YAY, government BOO.  They're cherry picked, of course. You won't see them cover the horrors of foreign FTZ's (free-trade zones), fracking disasters, charter school performance, the success of Nordic Model countries, etc.What truly bothered me is that they're just as anti-science as anything you'd see on Fox News.  This could be due to their reliance on Exxon & Koch Industries money (check sourcewatch dot org) but I think deep down, Global Warming isn't as scary to libertarians as the solution: government intervention.  Hence denialism.Also skeevy?  Reason has direct ties to our government, via ALEC.  Adrian Moore (VP of Policy at Reason) and Mike Flynn (Director of Affairs at Reason) work with ALEC, and advise them on issues such as state budgets and health reform.  Is it still journalism if the articles are written by the people who write our laws?These days I prefer to get my news from non-government, non-corporate sources, such as DemocracyNow.
I let my subscription lapse a few years ago. Unread issues just kept piling up because the magazine had gotten consistently dull. There was also some sloppy writing here and there. The "Big Fat Fake" by Fumento in the March 2003 issue was the last straw for me. Gary Taubes refuted everything Fumento had to say. Reason magazine lost credibility.When Reason stops wasting my time with misinformation and predictability, I'll give them another try.
Initially, I liked this publication for it's candid exploration of current marijuana laws and the media hype on prescription drugs.  It seemed to cut through all the hysteria and present a reasonable point of view. Since then, its pages seem to be filled only with odd articles, boring articles, and one-sided attacks on the current administration.  Not reasonable at all, in this reviewer's opinion.
Unfortunately, it's nothing more than more conservative propaganda. I was really hoping it would not be, but it's undeniably just that.
Please avoid Reason.  The good work they do is negated by their betrayals and attacks on others in the Liberty movement.  Reason needs to fire their senior editors.
I was once a subscriber to Reason.  Unfortunately under the current editor it has taken a sharp turn in the wrong direction.  At this point, "free minds and free markets" is a very misleading tag line and I would have to say the magazine is simply pretending to be something it is not.  Several years ago one read of Marxists proclaiming themselves to be libertarians and the existence of the oxymoronic (or just plain moronic) "left libertarians."  Mr. Welch clearly appears to be of that ilk.
If you really want to read this magazine, DO NOT subscribe. Just buy it from Barnes and Noble. I purchased a year and received four issues. Four. I haven't seen an issue in six months.The magazine is very artistic. It's large like Rolling Stone used to be. Very nice fashion photographs and interviews on art and fashion.Too bad the company blows.
The one star is for NOT getting what I paid for. I subscribed, but I only get about one out of 4 issues. When I complain, I get a form letter--but NO resolution. I guess it is too complicated for them to mail the magazine to their subscribers. These people just steal your money.
I've been reading interview since the late 80's and I have always enjoyed it.  However, this is not the purpose of this rating.My one star is for the subscription service.  When I subscribed in the 90's I got each issue monthly without any problems.  I resubscribed in the Summer of 2009... and didn't get my first issue until the October 2009 issue arrived sometime in November which I thought was a bit weird at the time... but didn't give too much attention to.I received issues through January, and then they stopped. I contacted subscriptions and got the same song and dance about the February issue that other people have already mentioned.  Then I harassed them mercilessly and finally got the March issue mailed to me in mid-April.I contacted them again today because I have not seen any sign of the April or May issue... both of which have been on the newsstands, but not at my door.  It is beyond frustrating knowing that something has been published and that you should have a copy, but you're not getting it.Their subscription service sucks.  Clearly we, the subscribers, are unimportant to them.  If it doesn't pick up I'll likely ask for a refund but, honestly, I'm not holding my breath that I'll get it given how unreliable everything else has been with them.  I also subscribed for four years through one of those school fundraiser things because I just assumed there wouldn't be a problem... I'm sure I don't have to comment about how much I regret that.Good magazine but horrible, terrible, awful subscription service.
WOW, i remember Interview in the 90s, when it was well designed, thoughtfully written and entertaining.The current incarnation is none of the above. Photography wise, every issue looks the same, high contrast photos.The amount of smoking as seen in the images is shocking. Is it required to appear in the magazine with a cigarette?The design is terrible but masquarding as good. The type is too small, the layouts work against the reader, but if youcan manage to be bothered to read an article, it's very ho hum. I'm so bummed. It wasn't worth even the $10 or whatever for the year.
Subscribed to V Mag sometime last year.First off I waited almost 3 months before I received my first issue.Then...I never received another.TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!I love reading the articles and mostly gathering shoot ideas from the photos but I'm not gonna blow money away.They really need to get their act together before a bunch of subscribers wise up and threaten a class action lawsuit!
I bought this magazine as reading material for my flight home from Ruzyne Airport in Prague to NYC. This was the first time I ever purchased this magazine.Terrible choice. First of all this magazine was not worth the $10+ USD I paid for it. It was way too large to do anything with on the airplane and the content was for the lack of a better word BORING!Every other page was some chic ad. Who buys this magazine?Well I will not be buying it again.
I haven't receive any issue yet! How should I I hope I can get a copy of it in the near future!
Interview has been hit with a number of production problems over the last couple of years. The dual editors Glenn O'Brien and Fabien Baron coulnd't agree on content so Baron leaves in January of 09. Art directors M/M Paris come in for three issues but leave when they aren't paid. O'Brienn leaves in the summer of '09 and Baron comes back. The result? Well, the magazine never comes on time (up to 2 Months late, if at all!)  There is also a lot of doubling up the months, instead of  October and November issues there is one October/November issue combo, same with December and January.And this is written on February 7, and still no February issue of the magazine has been mailed.So subscribe at your own risk, because who knows if Interview is going to be around long enough to fulfill your subscription. And at $6 an issue, it is really not worth buying it on the newsstand.And to update, it is now March 15 and I have received no February issue OR March issue.Here is Interview's response:"We regret to inform you that our February issue will be delivered latedue to production delays.Please allow until March 10, 2010 for delivery of this issue.We are sorry for the inconvenience this has caused.Second Update: May 2ndNo February Issue. No March Issue. No April Issue. No May issue.Called up Interview and cancelled my subscription and demanded a full refund for services not rendered.FINAL UPDATE: I asked for a complete refund and GOT IT! They are a lot faster mailing out their refund checks than their magazine!!!!!So again, do not waste your money on a subscription to Interview- you will not be mailed any magazines.
My wife got a free subscription to Interview by using some Coke Rewards. I've never read anything so stupid in all my life. It's nothing but a bunch of full page ads and self indulgent drivel. Not a single ounce of substance. Who reads this junk...how could they possibly have been around for 40 years??  Then I read that Warhol started it and suddenly it all made sense. Anyone who thinks Andy Warhol actually contributed anything meaningful to...anything ...probably thinks this is better than the bible...  Don't waste your money...unless you're sending it to someone as a joke.
I suppose this isn't a product review exactly, but I was supposed to receive this at a reduced rate after buying something else, and never received even one issue, even after contacting Amazon, and the magazine subscription dept.
I ordered 6 or 7 magazine subscriptions from Amazon, and have been pleased with 5 or 6. My experience with Interview was that no issues of the magazine ever arrived, customer service was next to non-exsistant (they offered to extend my subscription to a magazine that never materialized, and for some stange reason, whose cover on Amazon magazines never updates...do they still publish it?????), and then charged me for magazines that I never recieved. I once subscribed several years ago and, although it was a look at the pictures and toss after skimming type of magazine, thought enough of the magazine to give it another try, but take my advice and save your money. You'll just get excuses and aggravation, lose money and receive nothing but a chance to write a review and complain.
I have been sucked in to getting this magazine twice for subscriptions simply because it was so cheap. Both times I found it to be just awful. If I found one interview in it that I was interested in it was lucky. And then the concept of having a famous person interview another famous person? Well that sounds like a novel concept but it usually really stinks and the interviews and interviewer prove to be inept. I gave it a second chance and it still does nothing for me. They will not get a third chance once this subscription runs out.
Interview magazine is full of advertisements, and features very little content. It might as well be free.Pros- Large print- Cheap (Paid $2)Cons- Little Content- Full of Ads- 10 issues annual, not monthly magazine
I ordered 12/16/09, as if 02/12/10 (8 weeks) I haven't received the first issue.  It's taking too long.
I purchased two magazine subscriptions at the same time and I've already received 2 magazines from the other vendor but have not received not one magazine from this vendor.  This is the worst service I have ever experienced with a vendor from Amazon.  Customer service didn't help either. I called about this problem and they said someone will get back to me within 5-7 business days.  Another week just to find out why I haven't received my magazine.
I subscribed on Mar 3, 2006.  It said 6 issues/12 months.  Over a year has passed.  I received 2 issues.  Where are the other four?
I have had this magazine now for 2 years... There has NEVER been anything negative written about ANYTHING built by traxxas.  Traxxas seems to be on their cover every other month.  Even tho I own some traxxas rc's I am not >> live, eat, breathe Traxxas like these guys are.If I need a Traxxas fix, I think I will pocket my money and just go stare at the traxxas website for 5 sec and be done.  If you are looking for any other content in this magazine besides Traxxas covers, 10 page traxxas ads (not exagerating), and short articles on things that might actually matter in the rc world.. Then you will be disappointed.  Like the title says.. I think Traxxas owns RC Car Action Magazine.
This is double the price of going direct to Acoustic Guitar Magazine.  PLus ordering through a 3rd party adds time until starting and sometimes subtly hidden commitments to renew. BEWARE
I read a few reviews on amazon and other sites about Acoustic Guitar before deciding to subscribe to it.  I paid them on the 1st of May 2006 and my first copy was supposed to be the July issue (which hasn't yet turned up), on writing to them I got a response saying that I should expect it any day, well I bought their word for it, but it never reached me. It was the same story for every issue and everytime I would write to them, all that they had to say is that I should reconfirm my postal address (which is ridiculous cause I had been getting their renewal notices before even a single issue reached me, and I had brought that to their notice).I even asked them for the details of shippment so that I could trace my subscription, to which I was informed that it had been shipped by surface mail (which is ridiculous cause I had paid them for international shipping), well then I finally asked them to courier the subscription to me for an additional cost atleast I would get my magazine, well they did just that and I had my September issue in 2 days (all this after countless mails trying to prove that I was a genuine subscriber and that my intentions were as clear as un-polluted rain-water).Well then I waited anxiously for the next issue, which hasn't yet turned up and when I loged into my account on their site it showed that my november issue had also been shipped (they resorted to surface shipping); well as you can guess I had to re-request them to resort to air shipping but now it seems like they have stoped acknowledging my mails; and I keep mailing them in the hope that I'll get what's mine but to no response. So for $40 I've just recieved my Sepetember issue (after countless mails requesting for something that I have paid for) and yes renewal notices by post :D (which is ridiculous)So my suggestion to people who want to subscribe to this magazine anywhere outside America would be to rethink bout it or if they get kicks out of requesting for something that is theirs, well then you should subscribe to Acoustic Guitar. I wasted my $40, which I doubt they'll refund, cause they don't even acknowledge my email :SMy Acoustic Guitar Customer ID No.: 789000 (a genuine subscriber)
I accepted their offer for 3 free magazines (the tear off from inside the mag) and an automatic subscription afterward unless I cancelled.I received one copy and *right after* a warning letter that I was late to pay my subscription.  And then another and another.  I ignored them.  Never got the second or third free copies or any other issues for that matter.  Shady types - avoid them...
Subscribed for a few years....Began sending two copies of each issue for no reason....Their distributors or indie jobbers are doing a terrible job of getting this otherwise worthy publication to its loyal readers.  So when my current subscription lapsed (I thought that I had another year on it) I just let it go.  Just as I wouldn't buy a "name" guitar with a warped neck, I won't subscribe to "Acoustic Guitar" because of its really, really poor customer service.  Management needs to get control of its distribution and sub-contractors.  Incidentally, I spend thousands of US dollars each year on instruments, accessories, recordings, books.  I still receive, however, their online edition.  Maybe the publishers would like to see the hard copy edition disappear and go completely electronic, hence the careless postal delivery service.  Whatever the reason, I'm not gonna spend any more energy figuring out their organizational problems.  I'll just read "Vintage Guitar," "Guitar Player," "Premiere Guitar," and even the teeny bop "Guitar World" to get the information and instruction I need.  "Acoustic Guitar" publisher:  There is simply too much quality competition out there in the marketplace for you to permit sloppy business practices.  You will lose the type of subscriber that your advertisers covet.  I write this here because its useless and frustrating dealing with knuckleheads (independent contractors?) on the phone trying to sort out my subscription problems and communicating anything that requires any semblance of intelligence to process.  But that's America in general; a "who cares?" attitude backed by the disappearance of a once-robust manufacturing base.  And that's one of the reasons I support guitar craftsmen who are profiled in "Acoustic Guitar" (although I think Bob Taylor receives far too much coverage).  Handmade and hand-crafted guitars made in the USA are about the only worthwhile product that the US has to offer.  That and guitar amplifiers designed and made by non-factory craftsmen.  Too bad "Acoustic Guitar" proved to be the weak link in the chain.
The price advertised is $39.95 but includes the PRINT ONLY version.  This fact is currently nowhere found on the product description or details.  Acoustic Guitar magazine is sold by the publisher for $39.95 to include the PRINT + DIGITAL version, the PRINT ONLY version is available from Acoustic Guitar magazine for $29.95.The magazine itself is very good even if it is a bit too friendly towards all of the products it advertises.  I will be canceling my subscription with Amazon and purchasing it directly from Acoustic Guitar.
This magazine contains valuable and interesting content. In fact, that's what led me to spend the money for a subscription to the electronic version I could read on my mini-iPad. What a mistake! Unlike the other guitar mags I subscribe to, Acoustic Guitar has been &#34;crippled&#34; by the designers. The pages cannot be zoomed by the normal method. Also if you turn the iPad sideways to slightly enlarge the print, the pages will not orient sideways. (When you try to zoom you see a tiny icon of a magnifying glass crossed out... meaning the function is disabled.)This means you are forced to read the magazine at whatever tiny print the designer chose. Some parts are unreadable because they're just too tiny.  The interesting thing is that the advertisements ARE zoomable... so clearly the concept is intentional, and no accident.Save your money. Buy this one in the paper edition, or not at all.My email to the magazine attempted to pass this off as an Apple-related issue I should address with iTunes. This is NOT an Apple or iTunes issue. All the other magazines to which I subscribe work perfectly.
It you live in Canada be warned,magazine is always late by at least one issue,their customer service very unhelpful. buy it at the newsstand.
Acoustic Guitar Magazine rose from the ashes of the far superior magazine FRETS. For those of you too young to remember FRETS was an off shoot of Guitar Player Magazine and was  an absolute bible for acoustic  musicians. FRETS featured contributions by legendary writers like Mark Hanson and covered actual string instrument players regardless of their ability to sell magazines but based on their  ability as players and what they offered the readers in the way of education and enlightenment.Since its beginnings  Acoustic Guitar Magazine has only flirted with covering real guitar players and they've NEVER covered GRAMMY  winners like Ed Gerhard or international Fingerstyle Champion Doug Smith! Acoustic Guitar Magazine regularly features interviews with the same  tired singer songwriters (some who play well ,some who are marginal guitar players) and even Rock stars...hoping to sell magazines to casual passers by at magazine racks I guess. Recently they did feature a player Andy McKee, but he is something  of an internet sensation (as they call him) and frankly,  everything he's done has been done better by Preston Reed (another artist never featured on  their cover and  barely noticed by the magazine)...and lets see there is also Laurence Juber (2 x  GRAMMY winner) who has produced nearly 20 acoustic  guitar albums and soundtracks  but has never  featured on the cover of Acoustic Guitar Magazine and  was only truly featured inside about 16 years ago! The list of great Acoustic Guitar players not covered in that magazine is longer than the ones  they have covered in their 20 years.What I am saying is that this magazine doesn't live up to its name and is an overpriced waste to subscribe to. Read it in 2-5 minutes at the news stand or book  store of your choice and maybe buy one copy a year that  amazingly has some  content! Fingerstyle Guitar Magazine was a welcome addition to the periodical world when they entered the game nearly 20 years ago as they did fill the huge gap between Acoustic Guitar Magazine and FRETS..but sadly that bi-monthly magazine seems to have lost its  focus and  its  editorial staff seems to have interests elsewhere.
I ended my subscription a couple of years ago with AGM, String Publishing. They made me a very good offer on a renewal, which I accepted. After 4 months I still did not receive a magazine! I contacted customer service, and some dope named Cassandra completely dropped the ball, claimed she couldn't view a copy of the cashed check, and when I finally threatened with the BBB, she claimed I paid for their online service. Completely untrue. By the way, it took 2 months of emails for her to reach this decision.I emailed the maagazine editors in an attempt to bypass the dope. I'll give them another couple of days and then it's off to the Better Business Bureau or the local DA if I can't get anything done through the BBB.The real problem here is that this is the second time they did it to me. Shame on me!
Same subscription costs $19.95 on their website!  Save the extra money and subscibe on their website.  Really can't explain the difference in cost.
This magazine is OK, although as a teaching aide there are much, much better resources out there, particularly online.  I've used it mainly to satisfy the urge to look at/read about beautiful guitars and the luthiers who make them.My complaint is mostly with their customer service.  I received from them, in the mail, an offer for a renewed subscription at $19.95 for the year, along with a free subscription to their Acoustic Guitar University online lessons.  It gave you the option of mailing in a check, calling, or registering online.  I chose to register online.I registered, and never received a confirmation, even though my credit card was charged.  In fact, it was charged twice.  So I emailed them and asked them to rectify the situation.  I got an auto-response email at that point, stating that my email would be responded to within 48 hours.  No such luck.  I finally called them, and was told that, yes, they would remove the second charge from my credit card, but the &#34;free gift&#34; of the online lessons would not be included.  I asked why, since I had in my hand the printed offer.  She said that that was included only if you sent it in via mail with the discount code included.  Not what was stated in their printed offer.Anyway, the customer service rep was snippy and clearly didn't care about keeping me as a customer.  So I cancelled the subscription entirely.  As far as I'm concerned, it's an average product with  below average customer service.
I have not received my first magazine yet, hence no review. SLOW Item number 1 is not accurate but it would not except my review without some thing in the stars.
I ordered an American History magazine subscription for a 95-year-old relative's birthday.Then... my confirmation/ship notice from Amazon tells me that the old guy will receive his first issue FOUR MONTHS from when we ordered it. Here's hoping he's still around.Ordered June 19th. Estimated delivery of first issue will be October 16th. FOUR MONTHS.Several contacts with very cheerful and polite Amazon reps made it clear that there is nothing they can do about it.Apparently this FOUR MONTH wait is just how it has to be. I think we can file this one under "company policy."No amount of explaining can get around the fact that this is just plain ridiculous; and that it makes Amazon (which prides itself on fast efficient delivery) look bad. Very bad.If this is the best they can do, perhaps they should get out of the subscription business.
I thought this magazine would be full of pages about Antiques with pictures, explanations of the items and possible values. I found it had too much advertising, not enough about Antiques/Antiquing for my taste. It has very high quality/high priced antiques, so if this is what you collect or are interested in this is for you. The printing is lovely. I was looking more for antiques like you might acidentally find, not the ones you have to mortgage your home to own! Others may love this magazine but I didn't. Cancelled this magazine.
It is ridiculous that they didn't plan ahead. I just paid for my subscription and only used half of it. Now since they are stopping to publish I am going to get a dog magazine instead? They should refund my money. I didnt order a dog magazine, I ordered a fish magazine.
The mag took a long time to get here.  The circulation was irregular at best.  The publication was mostly for picture viewing.
I love Architectural Digest, but don't appreciate having it renewed in April when the subscription lasts until July.  Why do they do this?
Years ago this was a fairly good magazine. Now it is just a showcase for celebrities with questionable taste and designers that care more about money than aesthetics. I received it the past year because I was given a free subscription. Even then, it was irritating to look at. If you like home design it is worth spending the extra money for THE WORLD OF INTERIORS a much better magazine.
I cannot say enough bad about this magazine. When House and Garden was shut down last year, my subscription was replaced by AD, and every month when it comes in the mail, I basically take off the plastic wrapping to shred it and then recycle the magazine. I need to find the time to call and cancel it.There is absolutely NOTHING inspiring or interesting in this magazine. I can't help but think that only dead or extremely old people would enjoy this magazine. The interiors are dowdy, lifeless, and boring. There are no fresh or new ideas and everything is styled to look like a furniture showroom that does very little business. If I want to feel depressed and smothered, I just have to pick up this magazine.
I was so disappointed in this magazine.  It might be useful for you if you're looking for decorating ideas - and have an income of a few million bucks a year.  Otherwise, it's mostly a collection of advertising, and glimpses into the homes of people who dress them up - rather than live in them.  I'd defy you to find one real sign of life (say, a tube of toothpaste in a bathroom) in one single home featured in the zine.If you want to look at things that are out of reach, or you have a tremendous disposable income and want to bask in opulent conspicuous consumption, this might be just the publication for you.I was actually very relieved when the subscription ended, because I felt so bad about disposing of the polyethylene wrapper, and dropping all that high quality coated paper into the recycle bin upon arrival.
If your looking for real Architectural content, look to subscriptions like Architecture or Architectural Record. You can even contact your local AIA (American Institute of Architects) chapter and they will help out considerably.However, If You want highpriced, bad decorating tips and ads on every other page, not to mention all thoes pesky Ad cards falling out, this is your Mag. It should be renamed "Interior designers' and thier super rich clients."
Cannot write a review until I read it.  Do you think?Not sure what the hold up is but it has been nearly two months since I subscribed.
I am a practicing artist and would give this magazine 3 stars if I was ever sent one on time. When i subscribed to ArtNews last March, i received the February issue, followed in the next two weeks by the April and March (in that order). huh? So I called customer service and asked for a refund, since it's important for me to have current information on the art world. The lady offers a refund (but only on the issues i hadn't received). Two months later, in july, i got the june issue. again, huh? After cancelling my subscription, I signed up for a new one for Art In America in September. I've called them twice and I still haven't received an issue... and it's three days before xmas. Stick to ArtForum or ArtPapers.
I ordered this on Feb 14th -- over 3 months ago. Amazon has closed the order. I've just received a card saying that I won't see it for at least another 4 weeks. Totally unacceptable. Shame, because it's a great magazine, but I've been holding off buying it on the newsstands because I was expecting to receive it.UPDATE (7/25) -- It STILL hasn't arrived, nearly SIX MONTHS LATER. I've just talked with Synapse customer support, and they were truly unhelpful.UPDATE 2 (9/26) -- I eventually called Amazon, and they said they would cancel the subscription and credit me -- But I paid $20.51 and they only credited me with $12.67! Note that I never recieved a SINGLE issue.This IS a great magazine, but Synapse are failing to fulfill, and are 'playing games' with the refunds.
We ordered it in December, its now the end of February, the 10 weeks are up.  Where is the magazine?
I've not yet received my first magazine.It has now been six weeks.You did not respond to my last emails.Please reference order number 1718-6295-7740Ordered Sept. 4, 2002Lenny Sita521 San Nicholas CourtLaguna Beach, CA 92651949-715-1022
I ordered this magazine as a Christmas gift in December 2007. I know the magazine is good but Amazon and their "magazine subscription department" have failed miserably. It is March 24, 2008 and we have yet to receive 1 issue. 14 weeks people! And I'm not the only one to experience this, read other reviews and you will see. I have contacted the magazine department THREE times only be told twice "Oh you will have it no later than x day". Well X day came and went twice and still no magazine. Finally, fed up and disgruntled, I cancelled the order today and now have to hope and pray I will get a full refund back. Apparently "the system" thinks we have been receiving all along. I have no faith in this at all. Forget Amazon, just go to the magazine website and order it through them. Save yourself time, energy and headaches. It's what I should have done. I will NEVER go through Amazon to order a magazine again.UPDATE - April 2008I contacted Amazon after the magazine company was of no help. Amazon stepped up to the plate and refunded my money within 2 days.
I was given a gift subscription to Better Homes and Garden. Please, what a waist of money and my time. Every other page has an advertisment of any kind. I went through a few entire magazines with my friends and husband and counted the pages where actually some home information were given, to find out that one entire magazine, taken out the advertisments and commercializing and sweepstakes,etc has maybe 25-30 pages of articles other that advertisent. Please check by yourselves, please do!! I wrote BHG a letter and never never got an answer.
I bought this off of my gf's wish list and it was a terrible experience to then fix all the f-ups that happened after that, such as being shipped to the wrong address.  Do not ever buy a subscription as a gift for someone on here.  Order them off some other site.  Also it took about 2 months for the first magazine to show up.
I too have been getting BHG due to the folding of Readymade. Unfortunately, I have a pricey subscription to Readymade until 2014, for which I am getting a cheap magazine that I am uninterested in. The articles are cookie cutter, lacking in imagination, and uninspiring. So much so that I often can't tell the difference between the ads and the content. All in all, BHG doesn't engage me in the least.I agree that BHG is a sorry replacement for Readymade! What were they thinking?
What do I like about the magazine I used to love? Nothing I can think of. The columns and articles are glib and superficial. In a word, &#34;cute.&#34; The cameos of happy families seem tacky and materialistic (well, after all, the magazine IS about &#34;stuff&#34;). The photos of interiors are the worst. The interiors aren't elegant or tasteful IMHO. I'll say that some of the recipes look good, although I haven't tried them since I got this one-year subscription (which I just cancelled, hating to sacrifice trees). Maybe I'm just sore that something I used to enjoy turned out to be so flat.
I just don't want all the recipes that are &#34;same old&#34;-  I am into fresh, healthy nutritarian eating.Do I really need to repaint my rooms all the time, too?  I prefer living with what I have and making that work...
they automatically renew even after you cancel it and repeatedly bill you , they have done it to so many people do your research before buying
I purchased a one year subscription to BHG in December 2008, because they offered me a great deal while I was looking for a recipe online.  After receiving about two months of my subscription, they started billing me for the next full year.  Four months away from my renewal date, they informed me they had renewed me "for my convenience" and would be charging my debit card.  I promptly canceled my subscription online in November 2009 (would run out in March 2010).  From that point on, I received continual bills with threatening implications, like "account overdue" and "pay immediately."  All my account information online stated my subscription was canceled and I owed nothing.  The bills continued to escalate until in Feb. 2010, I searched high and low online to find a phone number to call.  I was informed that the subscription department did not receive information online, and they did not know my subscription was canceled (likely story).  I was informed that NOW they would cancel my subscription.  OK, I'm finally done with these people.  WRONG!!!  Today, I get a threatening e-mail saying my account is past due, and pay my bill immediately.  When I go online, my subscription is canceled, I owe nothing, I have no subscription activity.  What a racket!  I will NEVER, as long as I live, subscribe to this magazine again.  I'm tired of the bait and switch, shady accounting, and threatening tactics toward a customer who paid their bill on time, and would have renewed if treated with some basic courtesy and respect.  BHG, I am SO done with you!
I have not received this magazine, so I can not write a review>Please let me know when I will receive the magazine.Tnank you.Carol
My wife wanted a subscription to BHG magazine.  After submitting online, I found the "fine print" that stated "as a convenience your subscription will be renewed automatically at the current subscription rates".  I don't think so.  Then, I looked at others who were more unfortunate than me and actually went through with the subscription, only to find that they were getting billed automatically, at much higher rates, almost immediately after their subscription began.STAY AWAY FROM Better Homes and Gardens!  There are better "homes" magazines out there, that do not try to take advantage of their customer base the way BHG does.
We got these magazines because of the big name attached to it. I thumbed through the magazine and never found any articles. The only thing in it were ads.I get better information through gardening/decorating blogs and definitely better service as people help each other on these sites. A huge waste.
even though I subscribed December the fifteenth and now it is nearly February. I was told this was a possibility but then I got this email asking for my review. If my check is taken, I should get a magazine. I subscribed to Southern Living at the same time and have had it for nearly two weeks.
I get a note saying that I can buy another year for 10 dollars.  I already bought a 2 year subscription for 10 dollars.  They have my subsciption on the cover of my magazine ending January  2015 instead of Jan. 2016.  What a scam.Even the print out for my orders says a 2 year subscription for 10 dollars, so I ordered.
Haven't received my subscription yet! I going to give this product more time  to arrive to my home before  I contact who is responsible.
I love this mag, but their customer service is AWFUL. I tried to renew online. Site did not RECOGNIZE my ( their )acct. number.I wrote customer service saying this.They wrote back giving me my account number and telling me to renew online!!! After going all over, I finally found a page with my name and acct. number. It said &#34; I was not eligible to renew! WHAT? They don't WANT my business? On another page,I see some deals that are either auto renew at a future mystery price...( NO THANKS) and others that just don't make sense. I simply don't trust them.  I AM AFRAID TO RENEW now! These people are crazy.
I have not received 1 copy yet.  How can I give it anything else?  I will probably enjoy it once that happens.
If you like advertisements, this is the magazine for you. The few articles that appear in the magazine consist of large photographs and very little text. So, if you should see a photo of a well-planned garden and want to learn more about it, there isn't enough information in the accompanying text. The text reads more like a caption for the photo. These articles are short, perhaps 4 or 5 pages. Even so, they are interrupted by pages of ads. And to make matters worse, the articles as laid out on the page look much like the ads. I paid about $10 for a one-year subscription. Not worth it. I felt like I was giving them money to recycle their paper for them.
I received this magazine for a year. There was not even one issue that made me excited. There is almost nothing about gardening, most of it is advertisement. Waste of money. Maybe this is a reason why they offer it so cheap. Not worth even that $5!!
Don't be lured by the cheap subscription price like I was. Find a better way to waste your money. This isn't worth the time it takes for a quick flip through. It really is that bad.
I have a subscription but the app quit working on my kindle several months ago. Please fix it. I enjoy the magazine and viewing it on my kindle but now the app had quit working, it is useless to me.
I agree with other readers that it is so stressful trying to find the articles in this mag because it is nothing but pages and pages of ads. I paid $5.00 for my subscription because I order DIY mag. I don't even bother trying to read it any more. The December issue is still sitting on my table because I could not get through the November issue because of all the ads. Even my husband was shocked at the countless page of ads and then maybe 5 articles in the whole mag. He asked what I paid for it and was relieved.DIY is a great mag and if you like this one. you are likely to like DIY.November's Issue has 260 pages, of those 260 pages, 140 pages are ads. That is more than half the magazine. Even the pages with articles were split in half with ads and I didn't count those!!!!
I was automatically renewed for my favorite magazine through Amazon.  Meanwhile, I've received notices from the magazine to renew my subscription for $5.99!  I'm extremely disappointed.  We have sacrificed to get this magazine subscription for me because I love it so much!  My husband and I have very little extra money.  Had I not gotten the auto-renewal, I would have been able to purchase this subscription for $5.99.
Disappointing on the home sections.  HGTV magazine is more to my liking.I will not buy this again. Money not well spent.
I have a subscription to BHG.  I went to the website to enter a sweepstakes.  Next thing I know, I have another subscription.  Can you say phishing, small print, time for a class action, deception, unethical?Getting the subscription cancelled took over 45 minutes of my time.  Don't deal with this company.
Two and a half months waiting for first magazine...No customer service access to find out why...they where quick to take my money though!!!
I was a subscriber for many years and always enjoyed the high quality and usefulness of this publication.  I still have binders full of tear sheets of saved ideas for gardens, renovations and decorating.  The magazine is now thin, poor quality paper, limited to what I might call DIY projects.  Very disappointing.  I will not renew.
I have been a subscriber to this magazine for a few years (probably 4 or 5).  It has just been getting worse and worse with ads.  I feel like there is really nothing worth while in this magazine anymore and will be canceling my subscription.  You might as well just go to their website and look around, you will find more than in the actual magazine. Everything in the magazine tells you to go on their website for the recipe, or instructions on how to make the craft they show a picture of, etc.  Very disappointing!  How about people who do not have instant access to the internet???
Will update my review when the subscription begins. Until then....I wait. and wait and wait and wait and wait and.....
I bought the kindle edition of this magazine and was only able to read the one issue for one day. I have  not been able to view that issue or download subsequent issues since. I am very disappointed and have canceled my subscription.
The magazine is so thin -- not much articles to read in this issue.  Will the coming issues also be this thin?
I received the January issue on January 31 and the February issue on February 18.  I did not realize that by subscribing to the magazine, BHG could give my personal information to their advertisers.
What I hate is that I NEVER GOT IT!  I am sure I would be satisfied if/when it shows up!
I ordered this magazine thinking it was the same magazine that was published years ago. The pages are thin, the entire magazine was so thin, I was completely disappointed. And the content, horrible. I'm guessing this is a sign of the times.
This publication is trash and is 80% advertising. Actual articles are hard to find among the ads, and most were only a couple pages long. Never any content worth reading. Covers are enticing, but articles are a real let down.Never purchasing again.
I started receiving Better Homes & Gardens because my Readymade subscription was cancelled and they stopped producing Readymade magazine. I'm not sure how they thought this was a good replacement, but this is not a magazine I'm interested in receiving. Most of the ads are for prescription drugs, name-brand toxic cleaning chemicals, bleached sugar and unhealthy processed food. I can barely find the articles amongst the ads, and I find the articles themselves to be shallow, un-engaging and sometimes misleading. One that sticks out is an article asking how much benefit can you get from whole grain breads vs. refined bread. Really??? I'll stick to magazines that advertise more eco-friendly, health conscious options and that have interesting articles that aren't written with corporate interests in mind. I just got a renewal notice from Better Homes & Gardens, trying to taunt me into buying another year worth of subscription + a free cookbook for $5.98. What I wonder is how can this magazine even run with discounts that low? I wouldn't buy this magazine if the subscription was $1.
I have been a 25 year subscriber of Better Homes and Gardens and recently tried to use their digital edition for iPad. Four months after purchasing my subscription I have yet to see a digital copy,have spend hours exchanging emails with tech support, hours on the phone between BHG and iTunes trying to get reimbursement as I get double charged every time I try to get a copy of my digital subscription, even though I am assured by BHG tech support that I will not be charged  - oh and btw BHG will tell you that if you purchase through iTunes that you actually didn't purchase BHG, as if anyone would believe that iTunes gets all the money, maybe it is a different GL line for Meredith corp but the agreement to provide a purchased service is there and BHG does not provide any help at all, no refunds, no hardcopy replacement services when their digital copy doesn't work, they acknowledge that is has been a problem and tell you they will take your email address and send you an email once they get the problem resolved. Do not buy them!!!!!! Send your money elsewhere!!!
I've always enjoyed this magazine although it's nothing like it used to be.When my last subscription expired, they continued to send me invoices stating "past due",etc., but the icing on the cake was when they called me on Christmas Eve this pastyear to try and get me to renew.....REALLY..... are they that desperate for business???
I suppose this isn't a product review exactly, but I was supposed to receive this at a reduced rate after buying something else, and only ever received one issue, even after contacting their subscription dept.
I got this magazine for less than $10, so I guess I can't complain too much. I didn't realize there was a huge amount of ads. It pretty much seems the same as most other mainstream magazines. The thing that bothered me the most is that every article, every photo was of an absolutely perfect, breathtaking home or garden that you could only achieve through spending tons and tons of money. While I understand that most readers don't want to achieve dumpy looking homes, I think it would be better to make it more down-to-earth and homey rather than looking like a museum. Even the featured products usually cost a lot and the recipes each contain about $20 worth of ingredients (and usually don't sound very appealing anyway). I wound up usually just flipping through and tossing it aside.
I didn't realize it was a auto renew.  They took the money out of my bank account without any notice at all causing me several overdraft fees.  I have removed auto renewal from my account at amazon.  At least I hope they removed it.
I ordered the two year plus the free recipe book.  I have received nothing and the check was cashed over 2 months ago.  Any email address for Better Homes and Garden does not work!  Then when you call they say they don't have any record of my subscription, but I should be receiving my magazine in March!
This magazine is a waste of money and bores me.  Nothing here to see but ads.
I purchased a 1 yr. subscription to this magazine. After a year i decided not to renew my subscription because not usable content and over advertisements. After returning a bill marked "Do Not Renew",I am being hounded with past due notices!!! Today ,i sent a letter restating my request by certified mail.Maybe this will get someone's attention!!! I also told them i was writing this review on Amazon & sending a copy of the letter to my local BBB. AVOID BHG like a plague. t. Zacharenko
I cannot rate higher because I won't receive my first issue until July.......what a long time to wait.But I'm sure it will be fine.
We never received it. why does it take a month and a haldf to start a magazine subscription.? i could have went to trhe store and bought one. Or all of them for that manner by the time the sub starts.
I also really enjoy this magazine. I emailed their customer service dept about an offer I had received. They sent me a phone number, which is impossible to find anywhere. I called. The customer service representative was rude. When I asked to speak to her manager, she hung up on me. I sent another email about the rude customer service. I received no response. I no longer enjoy the magazine because it is difficult to forget their rude treatment.
Company mailed my subscription to my address instead of my daughters which was a christmas gift.I notified the company via email because that is the only information provided on the paperwork, no telephone number available.  It has been over a week and I haven't received any response from them to date, with exception of them confirming receipt of my email.I can't believe Amazon.com has this vendor listed as one of theres.Highly disappointed.
just 2 weeks ago, I got a notice from bow tie inc. that they are no longer going to be printing birdtalk magazine. So this is a defunct magazine. Do Not Subscribe to this magazine. they will push you off onto one of their other publications, dog fancy, cat fancy, horse something or other.  Repeat September 2012 is the last issue of this magazine to ever be printed.
BirdTalk magazine has closed shop, so I am quite stunned they are still taking orders for subscriptions, that's called fraud!
First I should say this is a great magazine. My experience is from someone giving me a copy in a pet store to get more familiar with owning a macaw.A month after I was suppose to receive my first issue, I decided to contact BowTie through amazon's contact system. I kept it short and simple, asking why I have not receive my first magazine yet. They responded by stating that they must have the incorrect address and that they will start a new order with and if I can confirm my new address. I stated that I have been receiving orders through amazon LONG before and LONG after this subscription purchase from BowTie through amazon. Therefore I need to wait another 2 months for this subscription to go through, because they were slacking and didn't even process my order to begin with. Their customer service absolutely sucks, and they aren't even extended my subscription to make up for the lost months.I do apologize for leaving negative feedback on a good magazine because the subscription sucks, but I feel my experience with BowTie is worth sharing; the service and delivery is part of the overall experience with this magazine. Part of my purchase decision was looking for feedback, as a lot of magazines I looked at on amazon had issues with the deliveries.
Ordered it in October 2006. Now it is January 2007. Still do not have the magazine. I have read some other people were saying same stuff, but i had no  idea that it would be that long.Also, the order said 6-10weeks. It has been more than that and still nothing.I hope it will help someone who orders.
You'll receive a notice an auto-renew notice 9-months in advance of your subscription expiration, advising of credit card debit.  Of course the auto-renew $$$ is 50% greater than your current subscription, and what you can get elsewhere.Specifically: "To change your address or credit card for this auto-renewal order, or to cancel your subscription, please update your preferences for this order in your Subscription Manager."....now I know the only option for cancel is SUBSCRIPTION, not AUTO-RENEWAL.  Read the quoted statement carefully.So naturally you proceed to cancel the auto-renew through Amazon's subscription manager.  Surprise.....they (Amazon/Future) also cancel the remainder of the current subscription...9-months worth.You now have to coordinate the expiration of the Amazon subscription, with the startup of your new subscription provider, if you don't want to overlap issues.
This is a magazine made of clowns! Bozo rules! I friendly advice to people is to get almost any other magazine. This one is completely lost.
I subscribed in late May to MaximumPC and PCGamer. Early July I started getting PCGamer.  Still nothing from MaximumPC.  I called customer service and they said they had recieved my order June 2nd and to expect my first issue in late September. Thats nearly four months! That is an unreasonable wait relative to the industry standard and clearly outside the stated wait on the order form. I gave one star because the magazine is a good magazine. But at a $8.99 news stand price it is too expensive... so I am left with the choice of spending almost $35 to get the four months worth before my subscription starts (more than the subscription itself) or just missing out on those issue.  Very poor customer service.
I ordered this for a friend who enjoys the magazine a great deal.  However I placed an order in June and he received his first issue in December???  Now I'm told that it will expire in August!  So, like some other folks here you can wait forever, not get the actual "YEAR" subscription that you paid for and be given the run around by customer service.  So, beware.... you are paying extra for issues that you will never see!
The Magazine is great however, you cannot order it with the CD thru Amazon.com.  It shows a magazine with a CD inside but after days of going back and forth between amazon and future my only option was to pay extra to future to get the item i ordered thru amazon.  Amazon's customer service does nothing to help you but refer u to the magazine provider even tho the issue is strictly their choice to defraud its customers.
First issue I got was June 2010 and last issue was Feb/2012 and says this is last one.I donot think many people track how many they get. If you count it they donot send 12 issue then you pay what you pay for 10 not 12. !!!!!
When I subscribed to this magazine, the discription said it comes with the cd's. When I received my first copy, there was no cd included. I called the number provided and was then informed if I wanted the cd's, I would have to pay extra. Only order this if you don't want the cd's.
Order this and a subscription to Computer Shopper on Dec 28 2001, got my Computer Shopper in Jan 2002, still have not seen a issue of Maximum PC as of end of Arril.
Maximum PC's slogan is Maximum PC. Minimum BS. Well I think they should make that, Half PC. Half BS. If you buy your subscription on here, you're not getting the CD, which is obviously, the whole essence of the mag. The CD is done just like PC Gamer, but it just has Maximum PC on there, instead of PC Gamer, and this also means, if your PCG CD's won't auto-load, neither will the MPC ones. Since I can't see what the price is for the subscription on here, I cant tell if you're paying the same amount on here for the no CD sub, as you would with the CD. CD sub. price is $29.95. You can obviously look at the top of the page, and see what the price is. The one good thing they have is the Head 2 Head thing they have in the beginning, where they pit two products against each other. This month it was Yahoo! Mail vs. Hotmail. So this really isnt a great magazine, nor a good PC magazine (no pun). If you want a real independent magazine, go with PC Magazine. (And for more on that, read my review...if it ever gets posted).
Please understand that I have been a subscriber to Maximum PC Magazine for YEARS. I think it is probably one of the most entertaining Tech Magazines available, and the Disks that come with this little gem are absolutely packed full of the best freeware/shareware available anywhere! So imagine my excitement when I saw this offer. 12 issues of Maximum PC with what I assumed had to be the CDs because of the cover price listed and the savings. That was incredible. NO it wasn't. I ordered this and found out that this is the PRINT ONLY edition. NO CD's. Upon calling Maximum PC they said it would be another [...] per month for the CDs but the biggest kick in the rear end, is that I could only get 10 of the CDs now, because I had the first issue and the second issue was too close to shipping. IF I JUST WANTED THE MAGAZINE I COULD HAVE JUST DOWNLOADED THE FREE PDF'S THAT MAXIMUM PC MAKES AVAILABLE ON THERE WEBSITE. I WANTED BOTH. BTW AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE REFUSES TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS OTHER THAN CANCEL THE SUBSCRIPTION OUTRIGHT. DO NOT DO IT. YOU ARE BETTER OFF JUST ORDERING IT DIRECT FROM MAXIMUM PC.
Can't give a review on Maximum PC.  Never received the magazine.  Instead I was sent the men's magazine FHM.  Please send my Maximum PC.
The magazines ordered through amazon take an ETERNITY to be delivered.  The estimated time for my delivery was April after I had placed the order in Feb.  That's a long enough wait as it is---I ended up receiving it the the end of June!  And when I called to complain...the customer service rep explained to me that it was technically within the estimated allowed time for delivery.  so bottom line...if you have an urge to order a magazine that may take half a year or so to get to you...then this is the ONE FOR YOU-hands down.  I plan on never ordering a single magazine through Amazon again.  Definitely don't send a subscription to anyone as a birthday gift- it'll maybe make it in time for the FOLLOWING birthday year..so plan years in advance!
This is the NON CD Issue and is offered at Amazon for 0 (Zero) discount.This is the normal price you would pay /yr times 2 yrs.
Ordered Dec,2001 now June,2002 have yet to see a issue of Maximum PC.
Confirming as of April 2010 - The magazines do NOT come packaged with the software CD's as pictured on the product page, nor does the description disclaim that this is some kind no-CD subscription of the magazine.The reviews on the ridiculous time frames in which you receive your first issue are, unfortunately, true as well. The description claims 6-10 weeks, but it could take several months longer.Falsely advertised; buy directly through Maximum PC or a more reliable source where you'll actually get all 12 months with all 12 software discs, rather than 6-10 issues with no discs.This product is NOT the product described. It's as simple as that.
After PC Mag went to an online version only, I looked for another magazine to subscribe to. Went with Maximum PC for a year.......big mistake. This magazine can't hold a candle to PC World. Save your money and look elsewhere for a decent computer magazine.
Just FYI - I just ordered this through Amazon and the estimated date is May 15 to June 20th that I will receive my first issue. If you want to wait 3-4 months until your first issue will arrive than be my guest and order it through Amazon. I would suggest going through the magazine website to order your magazine and it probably will be a shorter wait time. Gets one star since I was not warned this prior to ordering. It stated pre-ordering it would take 3-6 weeks not 3-4 months. Amazon is cool though but I am impatient and I want my stuff now!
This magazine is worthless for those looking to learn anything. If you are looking for paid advertising for i7 processors and the systems they are sold in, so you can play games, then you will enjoy it.
I previously had a multi-year subscription paid up to Yahoo Internet Life, which went out of print.  My subscription was transferred to MaximumPC (no, I wasn't asked if this is what I wanted).I found MaximumPC to be a fairly decent magazine.  More for gamers than for us regular folk.I recently read a letter to the editor about their CD, and wondered why I wasn't receiving one when my subscription to Yahoo Internet Life was paid up until Feb 04.I emailed them asking about this, and was told my subscription was for the magazine only.  I was never given the choice of which I wanted - the magazine only or the magazine with the CD.They also told me that if I wanted the CD, I would have to send them another [dollar amount] on top of my paid supscription.I asked for a refund on my remaining 10-month subscription and received it today - all ... of it....
One of the main attractions of the magazine "Maximum PC" is the bundled CD with demos programs, freeware and utilities. I just received the first issue of my suscription and I notice with great disappointment that comes without the disc. In case the subscription offered by Amazon not include the disc, Amazon must have clearly informed. I feel cheated for a year and then will cancel the subscription.Mario Zanocchi
Having just subscribed to 12 issues of Catholic Digest, and having just browsed through a free copy, I am truly disappointed. This magazine is not the same magazine that I had subscribed to years ago and that it is not a truly Catholic magazine. As a number of other reviewers have pointed out here, and as some writers to the Editor have pointed out, the Catholic Digest has changed! The articles in this magazine have strayed away from the official doctrines of the church. Dissident writers like Andrew Greeley, sj, who have openly disagreed with the Holy See, have columns there. Although Pope JPII died on 3 April this year, the May issue of Catholic Digest made not a single mention about the pope. (Only the June issue started having articles on JPII.) Instead, the cover story in the May issue is about parishes that are being run by women but "women can't be ordained" and "lay people were complaining that clergy in the Church are all-powerful" (?!).Truly, if the editors have any honesty left, they should either change its title or focus, and not dupe faithful Catholics into subscribing to a pseudo-Catholic magazine.
If you are looking for Catholic news, culture, spirituality, history, apologetics, liturgical updates, or DOCTRINE, THIS is certainly NOT the magazine for you.The articles featured in Cath.Dig. are HETERODOX (not orthodox), and stray -- in tendency or in explicit terms -- from the Magisterium of the Church.Anti-Christian Feminism, Homosexual Activism, and general Modernist Revisionism and a rebellious "anti-Dogmalism" pervade the pages of "Catholic" Digest, though often (but not always) with veiled language.For Catholics trying to get their faith straight, or Protestants and non-Catholics trying to find out more about what the Christian Faith is all about, STAY AWAY from this publication!!As a cleric and a pastor of the Flock of God, I strongly urge you NOT to purchase this magazine.The Rev. Enzo G. Selvaggi
The Digest's cartoon in the December issue would be inappropriate in any magazine but in a Catholic magazine it borders on disgusting and blasphemous!!!L. Giarratano
I ordered it because they sent me a subscription card for $12...luckily that is all I paid.  You might appreciate this magazine if you are in your forties, have 5 children, are a doctor or lawyer, and thrive on statistics.  Every issue focuses on comparing us to other cities, primarily New York, and is a general bore.  There is nothing one could actually utilize, or would want to, in the entertainment/restaurant section.  I've never been so eager for a subscription to end.  I can't believe Amazon suggests buying this along with Time Out Chicago, who I've turned to for real information, colorful interviews, and articles that honestly do feel like Chicago does.  Yuck...all the focus on rich people makes me want to puke.  Why don't they count up some statistics on how many Chicagoans actually fit your sickeningly rich profile?  5 percent?  Their March issue explaining that a D-I-N-K couple making a combined $120,000 a year struggles just as much as a single mother making $15,000 based on their choices really tops it off:  this magazine is out of touch.
The magazine hit a new low recently but is in lockstep with the media bias demomstrated so wonderfully by the Chicago Tribune.The story tracking a particular pistols travel from manufacturerto the streets of Chicago exhibit the typical reporters attemptto shape public opinion to their viewpoint. Stories such as theseare shining examples of how America's public is slowly brainwashed into believing what the reporters portray in a one sided story. America, the firearm issue is the biggest cover-up since the JFK assassination. If you disbelieve what I've just stated your already brainwashed.
This was a renewal.  I have and continue to get notifications from Consumer Reports that it is time to renew.  I am concerned that they are thinking this is an entirely different order instead of a renewal.
I totally regret having this subscription for a year. It was worthless.I looked for reviews of blenders and juicers. They were incomplete and not well researched. I could not tell one product from another really -and many popular brands not reviewed. That did not help. The writing was too brief and not through.I should have taken the time to call them and canceled right away.Then at the end of the subscription, trying to get back into my account was like trying to open a CIA vault. Extra codes and procedures to discourage me. Fortunately I did it.Use Amazon. Much better information, more accurate, better range of options, and best of all - it is free.
I've been reading CR since 1965 and I continue to believe they are a great resource. As a long time supporter however, I feel justified in making a few criticisms. Not many readers today may know that Consumers Union was accused of being a Communist front in its early days. This has made them permanently defensive and rather resistant to change. Unfortunately, their inability to lighten up and accept criticism has cut into their usefulness.1. CR has fallen behind the times. There are now many internet sources of product reviews, for example Amazon's, and these are the very best resource for potential customers. CR does not really take advantage of these newer source of infomation, and even worse, in many cases their ratings do NOT track with the experiences of end users, which they certainly should. CR has been very slow to update their process to take account of the internet, of public experience, and to improve their accuracy. They do reviews now just as they did in 1938.2. CR editing and quality control has become sloppy. I have noticed reviews with some real errors and mistatements.3. In recent years Consumers Union has become hyper-capitalist in spite of their leftist origins, with a hard sell marketing tsunami as aggressive and unrelenting as some of the companies they ridicule. They have multiple websites, magazines and newsletters, often with overlapping content, and are constantly banging away on their user base to subscribe more, buy more. Don't they know this offends loyal readers?4. Finally, CR has become fussy, grumpy, and hidebound. They are sometimes seriously out of touch. One example; the latest issue (April 2013) has an item on the back page Selling It which ridicules Google Maps for offering trip directions from New York to Hawaii which includes "kayaking across the Pacific." Now Google obviously intended this as a bit of humor, as almost everyone under the age of 75 immediately gets - everyone that is but Consumer Reports! This is a little embarrassing to read - what kind of prissy old fuddy-duddies write and edit Consumer Reports these days?I am sorry to give them One Star, but they are badly in need of some new blood on the editorial side to break up the humorless, self-righteous rigidity of the magazine. It's not 1938 any more!
I WAS a faithful, appreciative CR Subscriber for over 15 years!The mistakes they have made over the past two years have not only cost me a good deal of money and frustration, they have caused me to lose all trust in their recommedations.CR Mistake # 1:  "VONAGE COMMUNICATIONS".  CR initially recommended VONAGE as an inexpensive computer telephone service.VONAGE is cheap, (27.00 per month, unlimited long distance etc).CR should have told me that VONAGE connections are terrible.  They consistently drop calls, have voicemail problems, voice fade outs ON A DAILY BASIS.Furthermore, VONAGE has no field technicians and always place you on hold for at least 10 minutes when you try to call and correct their problems.CR should have checked them out before recommending them!CR Mistake # 2.  2002 Acura RL.  CR'S Automotive, "Experts" said this, $20,000.00 Luxury Car was on a par with Lexus and Mercedes.They should have mentioned that it also gets 15 mpg's. Burns only high test and making the recommended, new, Timing and Bal Shaft Belts every 60,000 miles costs $ 800.00!Years ago, they would have, when they were reliable!Lately  because they have provided so many other examples of either poor information, insufficient information and just plain wrong information, they are now definitely NOT the reliable consumer advocate they once were.
Signed up because I wanted to buy a treadmill - only to discover NONE of the treadmills I was considering were even rated.  Not in the 1st month of my membership, or in the 12th.  I wasn't looking at no name brands either, but Nordic Track and Bowflex.  The ones advertised all over the place.  During the year I looked for ratings on things like freezers, hand-held steam cleaners, space heaters - the freezer I was interested in wasn't rated, mostly there was NOTHING there.  Also, cost me $5 to cancel the darn auto-renewal.
The subscription renewal wasn't until MAY, I got charged in JANUARY!!! I didn't get any notice that my account was going to be charged for the renewal. I was expecting it in APRIL like every other magazine subscription usually sends out reminders and lets you know one month maybe even two months ahead but not 5 months ahead! I am very upset about this!!!
A few years ago I had a bad experience stopping my online subscription and had to make multiple calls before everything was resolved, but I attributed it to a single bad experience. When we were ready to make a major purchase I signed up again. Big mistake. I called before my subscription ended, and I jumped through hoops to find a person. A cold, snippy person, no less, who assured me "it was taken care of."  Right. I balanced my checkbook tonight, and there it was, their annual tithe.I found it extremely obnoxious that they required an auto renewal in the first place, but if this is going to be their policy they should at least learn to do it properly. The way it works now smacks of taking advantage of their readers, and I have had enough. I will never again subscribe online or in paper to their publication. They have a lot of competition now, so I don't think I'm going to suffer from a lack of information, especially since they increasingly feature hard hitting reviews on things like brownie mix.I remember that last time it took them weeks to credit their money grab back into my account. I'm not looking for a big improvement this time either.
A couple of days ago, I got online and subscribed to Consumer Reports Magazine.  When the order was complete, the confirmation screen that popped up said that I had the "Auto Annual Renewal" option.  Well, I hadn't seen any such option during the subscription process!  So I went back to the subscription screen, and, sure enough, in tiny text, were the words:"Safe Renew Offer: As an added benefit you will receive uninterrupted service and delivery of Consumer Reports, and your subscription will be automatically renewed at the lowest publicly available rate on our website. You won't be bothered with any renewal notices in the mail; instead, you will receive a clearly marked reminder at least 45 days before your credit card is charged. You may opt out of the automatic renewal program at anytime (sic) by contacting customer service."Man, did I feel SAFE!!!!I had to phone the Customer Service office twice (the first time I was told that my subscription hadn't yet hit their system, and to call back in 24 hours).  The next time, a few minutes ago, I was told that "Auto Renew" was the only option for online subscriptions, but that I could opt out of the option by calling them up.Now, that's not what I expect from a consumer-advocacy organization.  Not even close.
As a health professional in  Nutrition, Regeistered Dietitian practicing in the Community Nutrition field, I thought this "magazine" would be full of up-to-date information. Rather I received an eight page "newsletter," written at a fourth grade reading level. Everything written in the articles was old news. It was way overpriced for a product the size of my weekly "Church Bulliten."
They got to be kidding!!  I thought I was getting a magazine ( like Consumer Reports), not a leaflet....I thought they would compare different brands of vitamins, which was the best & purest.  No!! We already know to eat salmon,hello.  Total waste of money!!
This magazine is a joke.  The first three issues had nothing that could not be found in a twenty year old issue of Self magazine.  It reads like a statin advertisement, spewing the same old bull about high cholesterol without mentioning any of the myriad negative side effects of statins (like killing you of liver disease before you are even old enough to have heart disease).It contains very little research information, and nothing that is original or cutting edge in regards to prevention or nutrition.  Complete waste of money!
I was told that I would start receiving the product this month; however, I have not yet received it. Can someone help me out with this?
I was hoping to reconnect with the wonderful Cookbook Digest of 15 years ago. This is not it. The old mag had 50+ recipes from half a dozen cookbooks in each edition, and there were always some good ones. This has maybe a dozen at most per issue and in 6 months I've not yet found one I wanted to try. Really just no good. Sorry.
will never order again,i am going to cancel it....its all advertisements!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!dont waste your money, nothing informative,not even alot of country homes or decor
Egads, what has happened to this beloved magazine??!!  I used to receive it in the mail years ago (mid-80's to I guess early or mid 90's) and it was one of my favorite mags back in the day.  I would pour over each page, salivating over the beautiful country and rustic pictures, and loved the country-themed articles.  Now it's just about rich New Yorkers and other city people with big time money buying their "country" retreats.  This magazine used to be down to earth, but now it's got a snobby feel to it.  NOT interesting at all anymore!In the older Country Living, there used to be a column written by a woman named Jo Northrop. It was called "Simple Country Pleasures".  It was so good and I always looked forward to that.  Miss that very much.
Not sure what's going on, but I'm cancelling my subscription to Country Living. Seems as though they can't get it together to produce the same quality or amount of content as before.The January and February (which arrived only 10 days apart) were both half as thick as previous years of issues. I had the thought they didn't have enough material and just split it up between the two months.Boo.
Auto-Renewal stinks and I don't recommend it if you don't like surprises!  Great magazine with pretty, creative idea's for the whole house.  :)
Been a long time subscriber since the original issue. Now too many ads passed off as decorating ideas.  Used to be really fresh ideas but now its repetitive. Probably won't be subscribing anymore.
I subscribed to Country Living in May and am still waiting for the subscription to begin. Where are you?
I like the magazine and think it is good, but they have an unethical customer service department. They have have been sending large amounts of spam mail and phishing scams. As a phishing scam, they are sending me fake bills that they say i need to pay. They are making the claim that i signed on for a second year of service. They have not responded back to the numerous emails i have sent in an attempt to clear up the matter.The amount of work i have put in so far makes me regret ever getting the subscription.
auto-renewal is as big a con as  unions or demicrats. these guys have lived in the country if you are rich you can do what they do. real country living is nothing like this
In a nutshell, has taking a nose dive to the point that when it arrives I put it into the recycle bin! I have been a loyal reader for 20 plus years but I'm done! Subscribed to British Country Living instead...now that's a magazine! Reminds me of what Country living used to be before this terrible editor took over!
We were just charged a random $12 for the auto-renewal in August, but I purchased this in December of last year. We tried to cancel the subscription and get a refund. The cancellation didn't go through. Buyer beware.
Beware of Country Living magazine.My wife purchased a 1 yr. subscription to Country Living magazine, but one without the automatic renewal option.  She didn't care for the magazine and thought the magazine lacked enough substance to make it worth even the modest subscription price.  So, she wrote cancel on the renewal notice and sent it back.  She thought that would be the end of it.  Wrong.She continued to receive issues and renewal notices.  Four months later, she received a rudely worded letter from the magazine's credit and collections department stating, &#34;When we agreed to bill you later, we anticipated that you would forward payment upon receipt of our invoice.&#34; (This was a blatantly false assertion.  We made no such request or agreement.)  It closed with, &#34;Take a moment now to settle your obligation with us and we will promptly reinstate your subscription.&#34;  Remember, this was a subscription without the auto renewal and one that had been canceled.So if you do subscribe to Country Living and then decide you don't want to continue at some point in the future, expect aggressive renewal practices (&#34;refusal to cancel&#34; is the technical term) and attempts to intimidate you into sending payment for something you didn't request and/or no longer want.I'd read about these practices (most recently on an Amazon Customer Review!) but I never expected to encounter them.  I will be sure to pay attention to them in the future and offer this review in the spirit of sparing someone else this hassle.
I WAS NOT IMPRESSED WITH THIS MAGAZINE BUT SHARED IT WITH ANOTHER WHO DOES LIKE IT!I HAVE NO INTEREST IN RENEWAL..
This magazine is a mess.  I subscribed because I liked some of their online content.  The paper magazine is a shambles of short and pointless "articles" nearly buried in advertisements trying to look like articles. It's kind of funny, because many of the articles are basically ads, too; lists of products to buy and where to buy them.  I feel ripped off that I paid for a subscription.The general feel? A gallery of rich folks who have moved to the country, then write articles to tell the rest of us what "country" is, and where to buy it.  Ugh. And it's not even laid out in an attractive way.  Just a mess.
If that is what I get for my money, wont be doing that again...not worth it. Its not at all the same as what I thought I was getting. Not the full sized magazine you would pick up in a store. Bait and switch...
I've read and enjoyed Country Living Magazine for many years, but sadly it really has gone down hill within the past year or so.  In the past, I would look thru the entire issue several times, now I find myself thumbing quickly thru, being totally disappointed with each issue.  Who wants to paint their walls black?  A recent issue featured lots of black walls (ugh!), and the latest issue (Feb 2013) features a real stuffed peacock perched on a branch in the living room!  Who on earth would want to look at that every day?!  It totally creeps me out, and is beyond weird in my opinion. Another home in the same issue features taxidermy parrots (!) and dirty looking pealing plaster looking walls.  Sad to say, I will not be renewing my subscription when it expires.
If you didn't notice, Country Living has now turned into a BRAND NAME plastered all over crappy items in KMart so as to compete with Martha Stewart's junk in the next aisle over. As a magazine, CL is now a showcase for product placement with conspicuous ads on the facing page, or worse, feature pages telling you how to get the same look, like as many lame fashion mags who teach awkward teens how to mimic the exact outfit their favorite celebrity wore. The only women who actually do that are those who don't understand that replicating another woman's outfit is only meant for Halloween. And the only women who do that with their home are catalog imitators. If Country Living wants to be a catalog, please note stores give them out for free, and I see more ''Country Living'' in Pottery Barn these days than I do in CL!It is also ridiculous the disproportionate number of 30-to-40-somethings featured in the "articles" who all seem to live in and around NYC, and all seem to be about the age of the CL staff... hmmm do I smell nepotism?  Or has CL just become a homogenous blog of For-NY-By-NY narcissism?  All these people coincidentally have the sponsored Ikea and Kmart products (that haven't even come out yet) just laying about their houses too.  Nothing is organic anymore. Nothing is about decades of collecting, or family heirlooms, or really anything authentic whatsoever.  It's all just a photo shoot at the editor's buddy's house where they get the sponsor "samples" free while the rest of America foots the bill for these yuppies who have no taste.I watched a re-run of HGTV's ''Design on a Dime'' today; a show featuring VERY low-cost decorating ideas for kids fresh out of college, or adults who seem to have lost control of their home. My cable detail showed the re-run was from 2008, and a project featured was making shelves out of cardboard molds used to make concrete columns.  This SAME project was JUST featured in a 2011 issue of CL. How insulting. That is CL's brilliant advice? Regurgitated 3-year-old projects from a low-rent design TV show? I never viewed CL as a magazine for people on a budget. In light of the US economy in recent years I get that we all need to hold back a little, but those who can afford a magazine subscription can probably afford materials better than cardboard to enlist as shelving for their walls. It really feels like the cheaper element on etsy.com threw up all over the pages for the benefit of the editor's fellow 20-30-year-old Brooklynites who make up the coffee-getting staff in the office, and need tutelage to someday become the editorial dept who gets the 2-page spread of IKEA in their upstate buyout of some poor farmer who they think they will imitate with ''classy'' box store products.Admirers of these low-end projects are those same 20-30-year-old Brooklynites (or their ilk in other cities) who spend 90% salary on clothes and entertainment and wonder why they have nothing left over for a high-rent look in their loft... so they resort to cheap trendy cardboard for a fast and easy thrill that will last as long as their latest hook-up.The new Country Living magazine is NOT for you if:A.) You are not a friend, family member, or suck-up to the editorial staff at CLB.) You are over the fresh-out-of-college lifestyle and are wanting to decorate with materials more suitable than cardboardC.) You are able to afford real furniture from places nicer than IKEAD.) You are even slightly knowledgeable of real antiques and vintage items, and actually have these types of furnishings in your homeE.) You are capable of craft projects that use more than the tools found in preschool, such as a hammer and nails, and real woodF.) You understand that ''Country Living'' as a lifestyle requires elements of country (as in the realities of  rural culture, horticultural experience, and pastoral custom) that one can't mimic from a perch in a Manhattan highrise filled with beadboardLast thought, has anyone noticed the full-page ads in the back for Amish made fireplaces? Is that a JOKE?!?!?! That is the most disgraceful hot mess of nonesense I have ever seen! I can't tell whether to laugh or cry. Amish people don't allow their photos to be taken, yet these cheesy ads show actors in full costume filing wood planks with beaming smiles... and women would not be working alongside the men like that. Plus, the way it is worded, such that the Amish are suffering from the recession and need the work so they are producing these stupid fireplaces at dirt cheap prices--who does that appeal to? Who out there is looking to take advantage of poor Amish people?  Are these the people buying Country Living now?  EWW!!! Country Living deserves to go bankrupt for running that ad alone! The commercialism and sell-out quality BS that fills the rest of the pages is further proof that they now officially suck. I want my money back.
I was greatly disappointed with this magazine because it continued to highlight immoral lifestyles and relationships that are highly controversial and go against traditional American and Biblical values.  The editors have voiced their disagreement with my values and are highly opposed to those who share my stance and who have voiced their opinions to the editors as well.  The editors are pushing the homosexual lifestyle by printing photos of the "couple" and have expressed their opposition to those who do not approve or accept that lifestyle as moral and normal.
I stopped reading this magazine several years ago.Go through it page by page and every other page is advertisement,mostly for drugs.If I wanted a drug brochure I'd go to the drug company.I'd like a magazine about country living ,not a magazine about the latest designer drugs.I'd rather pay more for a magazine that is filled with info on topic.I've been offered several subscriptions for $8 per yr but I wouldn't take it if it were free.
I have been a Country Living subscriber going back 20+ years. It has been going steadily down hill to the point that I will let my subscription run out. I keep hoping it will improve, but the current May issue was hardly worth opening. The kitchen on the cover is a mess, and it's ridiculously over priced stove and range hood can't save it! As other's have said, WAY too many drug advertisements. Not to mention the tacky expensive junk being featured as ""fresh picks". Most of the homes are wealthy city dwellers second homes, many of them designers. Others are likely friends of the Country Living staff, who like to pretend to be country people on the weekends. All of us who really live in rural areas know the type. Once and a while Country Living tries to show "folksy", like in this issue with the pot luck party featuring cringe worthy recipes including canned soups, Cheez-it crackers, and a sugary cola cake! Oh boy! Where are the mouth watering recipes, lovely vintage collectibles, and real country homes and people who live in them more than on the weekends? Not what some pretentious designers ideas are of what is chic for their country places to impress their other city friends. I find nothing warm and cozy about recycled metal industrial furniture (another CL trend) that really belongs in a scrap heap, or an issue featuring a house filled with stuffed dead birds. I thought once that Sarah Gray Miller left as editor at the end of last year it might improve. If the April and May issues are any sign, it's actually gotten worse. I am now going to subscribe to Country Living-England. It will cost more to get it here, but from what I am reading it's well worth it.
This magazine has really gone down hill, coincidentally when the newest editor (Sarah Gray Miller) took over. This magazine used to be my absolute favorite! The features on women entrepreneurs, the crafts, the fresh & unique ideas.The most recent issue (May 2010) however, thought it was a centerfold-worthy idea to (get this) display family photos in a stairwell! This is the sort of creativity CL is producing these days - family photos in a stairwell... I don't know who they think they're reaching, since pretty much every home in America with a stairwell has probably had family photos displayed in it at one time or another. The gall, I think, to pass such ideas off as fresh & new.What will they feature next, hanging a kitchen towel from your stove handle? Putting magnets on a refrigerator? Photography books cleverly displayed on a coffee table?I would not be surprised if their "creative" team is getting inspiration by flipping through 1992's issues of Woman's Day.This magazine is surely no longer worth the money, especially now that it's 50% ads made to look like even more home decorating "ideas". Yes, even for $1, which is Amazon's cost for a year's subscription. It's still not worth it, it's that bad. If you must appease your curiosity, I would suggest maybe flipping through it once a month in the grocery store if you have the time. Most likely you will find, however, that's it's still not worthy buying.
Would be nice to receive my subscription.  If I receive it I will share my feelings on the magazine sub
Have not received it yet!!! And I get a "Brides" magazine I never ordered I wonder if someone confused the 2 magazines on my order!!!
nothing of value here.  No decor ideas, ads for alot of Non-country decor, just not really sure who this magazine is geared to, I'm not sure they know either, just who ever they could get to buy ad space.  pages and pages of ideas on "ruffles"?, lets get real. this magazine can't tell if it's country living, country farmer, or country chic or just plain rustic. I guess country just means anything in the "country" of america. Too broad of a range for me. Real lack of focus.
I did not order it but suddenly got a bill for it.  Please do not auto renew anything for me.
Still haven't received it!  Would love to review it but all I can say is... Never got it!  How long does it take?  It has been almost two months now.
I subscribed to this magazine as a gift for a friend and she received a notice stating that this magazine is no longer in publication.  This is her FAVORITE magazine and now she is told that she will not get it?  I'm confused.  If anyone can enlighten us, I'd appreciate it!
Country Living Magazine  I love country decorating and also love cottage design. This magazine is not what I hoped for.
I still have not received my first issue of this magazine and it's nearing the end of January. ???
why must u put all the crap about medical info & side affects  what happen to just what the book is about????  I don't like it!!
Originally subscribed directly with Hearst. Their Continuous Services Program guarantees automatic renewal at the lowest rate. Well I just received a bill for $21.97 FOR ONE YEAR. The Amazon renewal price is $12.00.  Unfortunately I had already submitted a credit card payment for the higher amount. I went to their Customer Service Center on the website and there is no way to contact them regarding this problem. I am tempted to cancel my subscription in order to be able to take advantage of the Amazon rate; but I see too many reviews where the cancellation didn't happen. What kind of publisher has no way to send an email to customer service???HEARST PUBLISHING IF YOU READ THESE REVIEWS PLEASE ENABLE YOUR WEBSITE FOR EMAIL CONTACT WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE. IF YOU WANT TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS DIRECTLY, MY ACCOUNT NUMBER IS 644602559.
This magazine has nothing of value in it. A few tidbits about rooms/style/furniture, a few recipes, a few thoughts on knickknacks/antiques etc. It is pretty insubstantial. At least a third of it is advertisements including many ones for drug companies. I have found maybe 6 pages worth of something interesting and the rest is just garbage. Don't get a subscription - check out a magazine first before buying.
I miss the old Country Living magazine.  Seems like all the articles are about second homes in the country. To me, this is NOT country living!
This mag is about 130 pages and the first 100 are ads and individual items highlighted. There are only 15-20 actual decorating pages and they were quite skimpy in content. I cancelled this, something I rarely do. I usually just don't renew, but this was just a total waste of time. My favorite mag was the sadly no longer published "HOME". It had great ideas in all different styles and included a few house plans each month. These days I make due with BH&G and House Beautiful.
I have not gotten it yet.  Could review if I saw it.  Please let me know if/when it is coming.
Was very disapointed to receive this magazine only to realize that the whole dang thing is nothing but ads and poorly written articles for items that I can not even begin to think about affording :(
Once a much better magazine, it has turned into nothing more than fads and monotony, often features the same people over again and is going down the drain. Does not remember what it was or why it started. Have subscribed for years and am ready to cancel.
I did not recieved my first issue of Country Living yet.  I ordered it in August.As of today October 21st,  I still have not gotten my magazine Country Living.  Please let me know the status of my subscription.
Have loved Country Living magazine for 25+ years, but sadly think the quality of the articles and excessive advertising have degraded the magazine.  I will not subscribe to CL again.
Was emailed last week about a new subscription. I did not ask for a new subscription. I emailed and ask they they cancel. No replyToday I got confirmation of my new unwanted subscription.Tried to cancel online, I was told I can't. I can't unsubscribe from a subscription I did not make that's a duplicate of a magazine I already was subscribed to. Wow, some business model!Their customer service is horrendous (try and find a phone number and watch your email get ignored).I sure there are other magazines not published by the Hearst Corp. Go find one of them, I've subscribed to many magazines over the last 30 years, never been treated like this by any of them. Life's to short to have to deal with a company that treats people this way.
I have seen many craft magazines come and go.  I hope this one goes.  Granted, there is no commercial advertising in it, but paying anything over $1.98 per issue would be too much.  The crafts are mainly useless, juvenile, and lack polish.  I purchased my subscription sight unseen because it was through supporting a local school (the only saving grace to this whole experience), but that is a mistake I will not make again.  It took at least three months after ordering it that I finally received my first issue.  I opened it with great expectation of finding original and practical crafts for my home, but was immediately thoroughly disappointed. Thankfully, my subscription will be expiring soon.If you are a serious crafter, I recommend passing by this one.
A subscription to this non-magazine was a gift.  So far I have received one issue.  However, I feel that potential subcribers need to know that this is not worth the paper it is printed on.  The projects are outdated, very simplistic and not creative or attractive.  The issue which I received was a whopping 38 pages.  If a product could be rated MINUS 5 stars, that's what this is.
Unbelievable amount of ads.For $5 a year it is ok but do not plan on much real reading material.A few good reads but unless you plan on spending $3200.00 on the jacket they recommend so that you are fashinoable do not plan on much help with clothing "details"Completely out of touch.....but on the up side, with all the cologne ads it is the best smelling magazine ever.
i bought this magazine subscription for my husband and to support lymphoma research.  he received one issue and didn't bother to read much because he thought it was a woman's magazine, due the many scantily clad MEN in the magazine and the front cover question, "Have you had sex with Colin Farrell yet?"  a decidedly female oriented question to females.  unless the magazine is actually for gay men & i was caught unawares.  when he heard from me that it was in actuality a MEN'S magazine, he perused it again, reading some of the articles and was entirely unsatisfied.  thankfully, i ordered this subscription though a company that guarantees satisfaction and was able to change it to something more worth our time.if all you are interested in is advertisements galore, photographs of more men than women (i.e. you are a heterosexual woman who isn't looking at the magazine for its words or are a happily or closeted gay man equally uninterested in its articles and would like to answer a resounding "YES!!!" to the front cover question) and articles that are only marginally well written, than this is the magazine for you.
When I was in high school Details was a pretty cool magazine, lots of cutting edge stuff was featured and for some one who was a dork gave some interesting style tips.I recently resubscribed and gotta tell ya that I wasted [money amount]. The articles are almost never more than 500 words long, and usually "think" pieces that seem tossed off while the author was in a cab on the way to the editorial meeting.A lot of pretty ads though...
The title sums it up.  My two pet peeves are the incredible amount of advertisements in the mag.  Half of the mag is made up of advertisements with another 1/4 of the mag dedicated to more advertisement with side notes put in.  Only 1/4 of the mag is made up of actual articles and even those are "bleh".  For example, my buddy just picked up the mag and said, "is there something you wanna tell me?".  Why did he say that?  Because there were 4 articles on being gay or the wonderful rich feeling that comes with being gay.  Uhhhhh, ok.  I just wanted to know how to dress nice.  For example, Tom Ford writes that if your straight you must sleep with a member of the opposite sex at least once in your life and then proceeds to call you a dunderhead if you don't. Ok, fine, I get that, it's an opinion by a fashion designer. But then a couple pages later there's a huge article written by the mag itself about "the rise of the alpha-gay".  Jeesh....just give me tips on how to dress and leave the indoctrination for your spin-off magazine.  I say buy their book and get the subscription free, otherwise don't waste your money.
I like style magazines: I read GQ and Esquire monthly, and I look forward each year to the fashion issue of the New Yorker.  Unfortunately, Details is consistently one big let-down.  It's like receiving the same bad issue every month.  The articles in Details range from clueless to trashy, and if I do find myself more than two paragraphs into any article, it is only because I find myself stunned that such poorly-written pap somehow makes it to print.
Hi, I am writing this review in an attempt to help you save $10. This magazine is an embarrassment in every angle. It is full of pictures of "sexy" boys/men dressed in cloths no guy with self esteem would ever wear. And pictures is all there is, for you that think there will be something interesting to read, read this: THERE IS NOTHING IN THIS MAGAZINE TO READ!!! The latest issue contains of 48 (forty-eight) pages before you get to this issues contents. The first "article" starts on page 126 (!) and is about "why a man would like to slice of his testicles"! Totally the magazine contains of 260 pages and there is text (letters that forms sentences) on about 40 of them. Besides this, the magazine also has a huge dilemma of being a gay magazine or not.Well I can go on and on but I won't. Unfortunately I have a subscription and I am going to see if I can get it canceled, I don't even need my money back. Take your $10 and run them in the disposal, it will be more fun to clean out the disposal than "read" this magazine.
If you're the kind of man who looks at himself in a full length mirrror every morning, this is the magazine for you.If you think the car you drive defines you, the clothes you wear are the measure of your self-worth, the watch on your wrist tells the value of you as a person, and the woman you're seen with is a measure of your rank in society- you need this magazine.Other men- who might value human relationships- may profitably give it a pass.
Reviewing the january 2013 issue.... 113 pages... 60 pages are ads... 16 pages are cover shoots to promote products, so 76 pages of ads... 16 more pages of poses with ZERO content.  4 pages of a story introduction with no content..so basically right off the bat we are at 96 pages of worthlessness.  Take a look yourself!  I mean your paying for NOTHING!  Im paying $1.00 per month for what?... 17 pages of print?  WOW!  what a ripoff!
You don't get much more to read in the magazine. Just a collection of pictures and ads. It takes no more than 5 minutes from cover to cover. You couldn't even rely on this to waste some time.
mediocre magazine, good for reading in the bathroom.  Shallow and vague articles.  AND THEY CHARGED A RENEWAL WITHOUT MY CONSENT !  ie they will steal
I was so excited to receive this magazine and found its one-to-three paragraph 'ditties' and glib treatment of its nicely varied subject matter abysmal, just awful. This publication seems to have minimal substance and depth, and treats its topics as "Fun Facts."
Used to be great, now nothing but ads and the stories are not half as compelling as they used to be.  Will not be renewing.
I've witnessed many of my favorite magazines cease publication over the years, so based on those experiences, it looks like Discover will go kaput sometime in the next 1 to 3 years. It's unfortunate, but right now this publication's continued existence is solely based on inertia.Discover used to be somewhere between Omni and Scientific American, but recently they've been adding an odd mixture of content that you would normally find in Popular Science, Wired, and Time magazine  - all in a flimsy 80 pages. It has turned into a brochure with 2-page ads disguised as articles for computer equipment (external hard drives). See pages 26-27 of the February 2009 issue.I'll stick around until the end, but for those just subscribing I would recommend doing so in 1-year increments.
Don't order magazines from Amazon!  I don't know if this is a publisher issue or what but I ordered June 4, 2008, still no magazine by Sep 30, 2008.  Amazon (after multi holds etc.) tells me that I am on my own with the publisher.  Will reverse charges.  Poor service!!!
It's just disappointing where this magazine has gone. Last month, I had the "pleasure" of reading a bombastic self-description of how a surgeon saved a patient's airway from his anesthesiologist. The article was so narcissistic and the story was so improbable for anybody who works in an operating room, that I'm 100% sure it was never fact-checked, not to speak about running it by an independent expert.Since then, I don't trust what I read there, and the magazine is too glossy for toilet paper, so I'll just cancel the subscription.
I purchased a gift subscription to Discover in October 2009, indicating that it was a Christmas gift.  They didn't send a gift notification card, and didn't bother sending the magazine until the March 2010 issue.  When I contacted them about it, they didn't even apologize.As for the magazine itself, my gift recipient was appalled by the ad-to-content ratio, and found that most of the articles were old news that he'd already read about online by the time the magazine arrived.
Magazine subscriptions always seem to want to send you last month's issue when you start up.  This magazine is not cheap and I feel ripped-off.-Ed
For years Discover was the best magazine for the lay person or even scientists who wanted to keep track of the trends in other fields of science. Now with a new publisher it has become almost worthless. Very superficial articles are mixed with over blown headlines and poor science. After buying Discover since it's very inception I find it sad what has happened to this magazine. Check the dates and notice the glowing reviews for the old magazine but pay attention to the negative ones from the last 6 months.
June 2008I have been a reader from the first issue. Its a great magazine but..As an international subscriber I am totally dissatisfied with customer service. Customer service does not respond. Web page account login does not work. Issues are missing as they are shipped through poor quality cheap couriers. Avoid !
I had a subscription to this magazine for almost 10 years, and I always read every article with interest. In the past 6 months, nearly every article has been a disappointment, either filled with fluffy, quasi-science or written by an author with an obvious bias. The latest issue came with a promotional CD from an oil company, and had an article about how fossil fuel emissions were not responsible for global warming. If that isn't a sign of what's gone wrong with Discover, I don't know what is.If there is a dramatic improvement in the next few months, I might consider resubscribing, but likely not.
Discover claims they didn't receive my add-on subscription and I can't find a way to get Amazon (who got the money) to do anything to fix the problem. I have had two other subscriptions go ok but not this one. If you click on the problem link it just sends an email to the publisher no way it seems to get a Amazon person involved.
I have subscribed to Discover magazine for years but have recently cancelled my subscription.  The magazine, which once served up well written news of present and future science has become a hack rag.  From juvenile sexual humor and associated photos couched under the guise of science to supposed factual articles that seem ripped from my local papers Op-Ed page, the whole magazine has degraded into a worthless pile of trash.
This is the first review I have ever written on any website.  I purchased 10 issues and when I received the second magazine there was a letter that stated "We are pleased to present you with this very special, bigger-than-ever November issue....This edition is so big, in fact, that we are treating it as a special issue that will count toward two of your subscriber issues, so the duration of your subscription will be adjusted accordingly....It's loyal customers like you who make our magazine so successful."This issues is SOOOOOO BIG that it is 20 whole pages longer than the previous one, 108 vs. 128. WOW!!I wonder how many magazines I will actually receive now because of other reviews I have read and the fact that they could try and do this again and again.This is unacceptable to myself, and if they expect to have "loyal" customers then they need maintain proper/high business practices, values, standards, and ethics.  I am about to email them, customercare@thefamilyhandyman.com.
I occasionally read this magazine at my barbershop and was going to buy a subscription through Amazon.  When I looked at it on Amazon, I noticed that there were some reviews with one star and comments about the magazine sending a special issue and arbitrarily counting it as two issues against peoples subscriptions.  I think this practice is terrible and understand that it is becoming more prevalent in the industry. Remember when a half gallon of ice cream was 2 quarts not 1.5 or a half gallon of orange juice was 64 oz. not 59 oz.  I understand the concept of inflation and the need to raise prices but ethical businesses do it up front publicly, not by sneakily under-weighing or short-changing and covering their butts in the fine print. I go out of my way to find ice cream that still comes in 2 quart containers and orange juice in 64 oz. bottles.  We constantly read stories in the news about greedy businesses ripping off people just because they think that they can get away with it. I can certainly understand why subscribers would be upset.  I will not subscribe to a magazine that does this and the next time I go for a haircut I will encourage my barber to complain to the magazine and to tell all his customers about this practice.
Although the magazine is great, it takes Amazon almost 3 months from the order date until the first issue is received. That is an unheard of amount of time to process any order!
Please let me know when this was sent out, as we have not received it yet.We ordered the Magazine Family Handyman, and have not received as of thisdate.
I just cancelled my subscription.I ordered this magazine around September of 09. Never received a copy until I contacted Amazon. Got one copy and it was shredded beyond use. Magazines suggestion was to contact my post office. I get everything else just fine through my post office. My suggestion is better. Cancel.
Ordered a subscription August 2010...never received a single issue.  So I called their customer service a year later (after seeing the magazine on the newsstand triggered my memory of ordering a subscription and realizing I never received anything), and they denied any knowledge of my order, meanwhile I had a copy of my debit card transaction in front of me for -$19.99 FAMILY HANDYMAN MAGAZINE.  After reading other reviews, it seems this is a common occurrence.  There's obviously no way to get my money back, and I won't even give their magazine a chance anymore...
As a long time subscriber I am very disappointed in "The Family Handyman".  I received one of those "Thank you for your order please send $30 books in the mail", of course I did not order the book and they count on people being busy and or not informed and just payment.  I will not be renewing my subscription and will file a complaint.  This type of practice is sad and preys heavily on the elderly.  Despicable.Brandon
I enjoy this magazine and have been a subscriber for a couple of years now.  However, I've had enough of the shifty business practices and will no longer be subscribing to this magazine despite I do enjoy reading it.Magazine itself, I'd give 4 stars.  Most months there something interesting for the diy'er that makes it worth getting.This is the second year in a row that I've been disappointed with some stupid business decision they've used to squeak a few extra bucks from their subscribers.  Last year, they sent out a "double" issue which counted as two magazines.  I subscribed to 12 issues for a year, not 11.  If your going to release 11, then you need to say that up front and state it at the time of billing.  This year, I got a hard bound book that I didn't order followed by repeated bills for said book.  Now it's up to me to deal with and figure out a way to return it.  I don't want to spend a couple hours of my life dealing with how to return something I didn't order so I'll reward the publisher with one less subscriber.It's a good magazine, but if you subscribe be ready to deal with some headaches from the publisher.
Let me start by saying that I legitimately enjoy this magazine and intended to renew every year. When I received a hard-bound book in the mail I thought, "Oh what a nice gift. It must be part of the subscription package." Silly me--I didn't read the fine print (I'm not sure there was any) and I just put the book on my shelf. A couple months later I received a bill for $30 for this book. No thanks. You can have your book back, but you'll need to come pick it up. I'm sick of sleazy scam artists who rely on fooling decent people as a way to boost revenue. I will not be renewing.
I have still not recieved my subscription yet you ask for a review of the product? Isn't this a poor business practice
STICK WITH THE MAGAZINE.  FINE PRINT ON (SO CALLED CLUB) COST YOU BIG BUCKS.
I have a current subscription for the family Handyman, and have purchased an additional two years with this offer. These people won't acknowledge my new final subscription date, but they keep sending me more offers to renew my subscription. They also fail to put the new expiration date on my mailing address sticker of the magazine. It feels like I've been scammed.
item not yet received even though order was placed 69 days ago. no contact from company.
When I pay for 12 issues, I expect to receive 12 issues. The most recent issue of Family Handyman contained a letter saying that they were so proud of the current issue, they were going to count it as two. If you object to this please contact customer support. WHAT A RIPOFF! I cannot believe that these people would even attempt such a thing. I contacted customer support and I was told that my subscription end date had been restored back to Apr 2012. I really wonder how many times they have done this to me in the past. I almost threw away the letter that explained they were doing this thinking it was just another pitch to get me to extend my subscription. I checked through the magazine with the idea of contacting the advertisers and explaining to them what kind of people they are paying the advertising money to. That is when I noticed that this magazine does not even have an adverisers index.I found this link on the internet. Please make your voice heard. I know I am going to.[...]
I ordered Family Handyman way back in Feb 2010 for a 1 year subscription.  I liked the magazine at first, with some nice tips here and there, but I decided against renewing.One reason for this was their tendency to send expensive books, containing recycled information from the magazine, to me without me actually ordering it.  The first time it happened, I kept the book, as I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning.  The second time, I contacted them and told them to never send me another book.  Also, for this second book, I told them I didn't want to waste my time returning it so they should eat the cost, however they were relentless and started sending notices that they would report me and send my account to collections. I ended up buying that overpriced and unwanted book as well and promptly cancelled everything to do with Family Handyman....Or so I thought.  Fast forward to Oct 2013 and what do I get in the mail?! Another book!  Unfortunately I will now need to waste my time yet again to return a book I didnt order due to their marketing ploy to milk customers for as much as they can.  I'm not even a magazine subscription holder!Do yourself a favor and stay away to avoid this aggravation.  There are other magazines, specialized books, and websites with much better info than contained in this magazine and they wont send you unwanted merchandise as well!
I try to order this prodcut second time and hope they will improve the shipment time.  They mentioned on the product which only take 4-6 weeks to ship the product.  I have been waiting the date and at the end they postphone to 3 month to ship the product with email me the reason why they have to postphone.  I will be very careful if you purchase from this company.  Now I end up can't return the product becasue it passed the 30 days.
All the magazines I get from Amazon are slow to arrive. I get them weeks after the newsstand. It's very frustrating. It not only happens with Handyman, but also with Readers Digest, Popular Mechanics, and Popular Science.
I too have been a longtime subscriber to The Family Handyman magazine.  I found their "Double-issue" scam to be unethical and offensive.  I figure my subscription is a contract: I pay my bill and I get a fixed number of issues. To arbitrarily announce that this is a "Double Issue" and my subscription will be reduced by one issue, amounts to breach of contract.  The same has happened with subscribers to Rachael Ray's "Everyday" magazine. (They are both published by Readers Digest Association.)Furthermore, I have always resented their sending me "red-letter notices" about my "subscription renewal" implying that my subscription was about to expire.  My subscription wasn't scheduled to expire for 2 years !!  I have cancelled my subscription !!
Buyer beware. It took over two months before I received an issue. Still have not received but four in six months. Yet I did get a renewal bill 8 months before the scheduled date. Also I got a book in the mail that I had not requested. I was to send it back if I did not want it and they would send another for my review. If they did not get the returned book I would be charged even though I never signed up for their monthly book club. Expect a weekly intimidating letter requesting payment while still not receiving the magazine you originally ordered. This is a scam to get you hooked with a cheap magazine price then send you material and/or tools you have not asked for. RIPOFF>>>>
I would like to give a review but have not received anything to date. I would have expected to receiove a copy but nothing yet?
My wife got me a subscription to this magazine last year.  Out of the 10 issues I've recieved I've probably gotten about 5 useful things out of this magazine.  Its jam packed full of snippets.  These are literally just handyman tips you could find on the web.  Some of the articles are ok but again its so select that this months articles or project might not be of any use to you.  This last one had a gigantic bookcase which is way beyond MY talents.  Nice plan and all but just looks quite advanced.  The articles are things such as &#34;How to break loose nuts&#34; where they will say things like grind down a wrench to skinny to fit it in places.. or .. if you use heat don't use it near a gas tank...Its a good magazine but it really is just tips.  Like 1-2 paragraph snippets about minor things.  I'd just like more articles.  This book to me is easily replacable by googling &#34;handyman tips.&#34;
After receiving the first three issues...I have received another one since!!! No response from the publisher; further inquiries are pointless!!! Save your money... great info in the mags...the delivery is far too unreliable.
have not received a issue yet....when will it start coming in the mail....it was a gift very upsetting ...will not do this again
I have submitted three subscriptions in the past three years and I  have never received a single copy.  How about that.
Buying this magazine was really just okay; I personally have had this for 6 months and only found one useful idea out of the 6 magazines, and would suggest you just look at in a book store over a cup of coffee.  It's not worth buying a years' worth subscription for very basic ideas, and use for a coaster on a side table.My suggestion is to go to a library or a known bookstore to look through this magazine and see if they have the previous months if they have them.  Otherwise most of the tips that you see in this magazine are online and probably better than what you will get from this magazine, which again is why I suggest thumbing through this at a store.****Update 3/15/13****Spam Spam Spam!They will sell your information to other advertisement companies, My grandmother purchased this subscription for me, and now I get advertisements addressed to her coming to my house and it is from random companies.  I changed this from a three start to a one star because of the advertisements sent.  If they care about the readers, they wouldn't sell our information just because their best writers happen to be Cut n' Paste.  Don't waste your money, read it for free at a book store.
Ordered my subscription of month ago still haven't gotten it... And now you're asking me to rate it... So I will rate this a big zero
Although this magazine has occasional articles that are beneficial, I found each issue of 100+ pages to contain at least 50 pages of advertisements.  Many for Cialis, Viagra, etc.  Come on!  Where is the content?Most recently, they sent out a letter with their November, 2011 "super sized" issue.  They advised they considered this 'super sized' issue to be so big that they are counting it as two magazines against our subscriptions.  Aside from the audacity to do such a thing, the reality is the issue was only 20% bigger as far as content.  They then said the customer is responsible for calling in and getting the month credit back onto their subscription if the customer didn't think the November, 2011 'super sized' issue was worth it.I've never had a company do that and they won't do it again. Subscription cancelled. I don't know why they chose to cut everyone's subscription short.  Maybe they're having a hard time putting together enough for another issue next month.  Who knows.I don't recommend this magazine.
This is the worst magazine I have ever flipped/read through.  Either you get a schematic for making a pen holder out of a spare piece of PVC pipe, or they show you how to build an out building complete with wiring, plumbing and solar panels.  There is the occasional repair advice, but occasional is the key word.  They wont stop sending this to me and I am more annoyed that I have to pay to throw it away every month than I was that I had to read about how to use Velcro for fastening a pencil to your toolbox so you can find it tomorrow.  This zine could be used as a torture device.  Of course, I'm a guy, and that could be why it's useless.
TFH is owned by Readers Digest, and used to be a great read. Recently, RD sent "bigger than ever" double issues out for all of their magazines along with a letter telling subscribers that they have subtracted one issue from their subscription to make up for the "bigger than ever" issue.That's the day I canceled all of my subs with RD. I no longer recommend TFH and do not advise you to purchase it.
I was so excited to subscribe to this magazine through Amazon!  Ive had a bad experience with magazine subscriptions in the past and felt better subscribing through Amazon.  Well the content of the magazine is really good and I enjoyed getting them - WHEN I would get them!  The company didnt seem to care whether I got the issue or not.  A computer generated response to my complaint was all I received from the magazine publisher.  So I cancelled through Amazon.
I've meant to write this for awhile. Someone sent me a subscription to this magazine as some kind of bizarre cruel " joke."If you knew me you would know it is not my thing and after the first seeing and the horror over the rifles et al I imagine you got your money's worth.  It got turned over to an investigation that as far as I can tell still isn't figuring out who ordered it. What a lousy thing to experience.I gave them away to a friend because altho we are very different I know he does enjoy the content and because he is a friend it makes his day. He gave me a bunch of home grown roses in return. Given the severe flu it was a nice way to segue into this review. There is nothing in the magazine I "get" but plenty about an act of kindness I enjoy.
We recently ordered this publication as a birthday gift for our 11 year old son, who has developed a passion for fishing.  We just received the March 2011 issue.  While I am admittedly not qualified to comment on the articles in F&S, I feel compelled to let parents know that the advertising section was absolutely appalling!!  There were 2 full page ads and one 1/2 page ad for various products that claim to enhance s** performance, complete with graphic "testimonials" and expected organ enlargement.  The photos were also questionable.  I have never seen such inappropriate ads in a mainstream magazine.  Clearly, the publishers have realized that their primary audience is older males.  We are VERY DISAPPOINTED.  We talk to our kids appropriately about s**, but the advertising in this magazine (and therefore, the magazine itself), is clearly inappropriate for minors in my opinion.  I hope this review is a helpful warning to other parents.
Bonnier Corp is the subscription service that sells F&S; on Amazon. I purchased two subscriptions over Christmas time-one for myself and one as a gift to a friend. When my friend did not receive the subscription to the address I had provided, I contacted Bonnier about the issue. They told me it wouldn't be a problem and they would extend my friend's subscription for an extra month. Suddenly, I stopped receiving my subscription. When I contacted Bonnier about the issue they told me that both subscriptions were set for my address, and that they had fixed the issue. Really? So if both subscriptions were detailed to my address, how did I not a receive a single copy? One of my big problems in addition is that Bonnier's customer service never actually reads the emails that I send them...information such as the correct address will be included in the email and then instead of taking care of the problem, they reply by asking me what my address is.Bottom line, I love Field and Stream, but the subscription service that supplies it through Amazon is terrible. I made a simple order and four months later they still have not gotten it straight.
Waiting, Waiting, Waiting. I hope this subscription is worth it, if and when it ever arrives. In this day and age I do not understand why it takes months for a magazine subscription to begin arriving. It's frustrating to order something as a gift for someone and then months later they still haven't seen it.
I used to enjoy reading this magazine when i was younger but now it is very thin and full of ads.  not much reading
The magazine is ok. The response from your Magazine Subscription/Administrator is woefully inadequate. I ended up ordering twice because I could not find the status of the first order. I am not happy and probably will not order magazines from Amazon again. David Furr
I used to subscribe to field and stream and found that it had decent articles, I was a boy scout and liked the camping tips and such. I figured I'd give it another shot, and ordered it back in July, thinking I could get some hunting tips for the fall. Well it's late September and I still haven't seen my first issue. I did get a letter from field and stream offering me a great deal for an 18 month subscription, I was kinda hoping to get a magazine before I re-upped my subscription. Also I've started getting letters and magazines from the weirdest companies and organizations. I thought it might be because I'd just come off active duty, but no one else I knew was getting them. It occurred to me when I got an NRA letter which I haven't gotten since I was a kid, that this was probably the source. So to make a long review short, I wanted a magazine, not a mailbox full of cigar adds, and subscription updates (especially since i still haven't gotten a single magazine)
THREE YEARS AGO WHILE AT FORT HOOD TEXAS, I ACCEPTED A ONE FREE ISSUE AT THE CHECKOUT.THERE WERE FOUR DIFFERENT MAGAZINES.NO PROBLEM WITH OTHER THREE.WAS NOT TOLD ABOUT AUTO RENEWAL.STILL TRYING TO CANCEL.AUTOMATED SYSTEM DOES NOT HAVE CANCEL AS AN OPTION.WILL NEVER BUY/READ FIELD AND STREAM AGAIN.CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NO HELP.HAVE CONTACTED CREDIT CARD COMPANY WHO THEN CONTACTED ATTY GENERAL.MAYBE NOW SOMEONE WILL GET RESULTS.
This magazine is a total disappointment - I love hunting and fishing, but believe in gun control- this publication is for those who have two guns under their pillow and an arsenal in the basement. Why not stick to reviews and hunting fishing articles not telling me how to vote! I loved this magazine 10 years ago , now I wouldn't wipe with it.
I bought this a long time ago still haven't got my first issue its been months, I feel like iv been scammed!!!!
I can not answer untill I start reciving an IssueI am still waiting on my first issue, it is hard to judge untill I get my first Issue
I have NOT RECEIVED any copies of this magazine from the publisher as of today's date (01-17-2013).  It seems to take a while to get the subscription process rolling.
In nearly every issue I've received, there was a full page advertisement featured a kid and dog asleep in a leather airplane chair - advocating that you buy a private plane. I even saw a full page ad for a dating service exclusively for the mega rich, with a name so forgetful I can't even find it on Google right now. If these ads don't apply to you, you obviously aren't the ideal Forbes reader.It's basically just stories about how rich people are getting even more rich. I bought it with the impression that there'd be quality information like financial advice (for someone making less than 6 figures), rags to riches stories, information on how to improve my career and business. It had none of those.All in all, a waste of $30/year. Won't be renewing. For anyone looking for what I'm looking for, I've found Entrepreneur and maybe Inc as the best bets. Fast Company wasn't great, either.
I would love to write a review but we have STILL not received the magazines.  It is now January 2007 and they were ordered in September 2006.  When/if we ever receive them we would love to review the contents.  At present we can only review the service(which gets no stars)!!
Forbes Magazine. Save your money. It's nothing but advertisement. The magazine comes in the mail, and I take it straight to the recycling bin.
The content of this magazine is equivalent in quality but has a different focus and style than the other major business publications.  The editorial pages are best ignored unless you have views that coincide with the publisher.The main problem with Forbes is the over-aggressive subscription department. Shortly after you subscribe, you'll receive weekly notices that your subscription will expire and you need to renew immediately. If you don't renew three months ahead of expiration, they will stop your subscription and you will miss some issues for which you paid but they will refuse to give you credit.
Forbes is a great magazine.  Amazon on the other hand, well they ought to get out of the magazine business.  Order said first issue would be in February.  Amazon "forgot", to place the order until I called in April to find out what happened.  Now they claim the first issue will be June 19.  Yeah right.  Funny how they don't forget to charge the credit card you place the order.Don't order magazines from Amazon!
I bought the magazin on november, and I don't recive it yet!
I'm looking for impartial, politically neutral. The first 10 pages are all ads and grandiose embellishments for those billionaire folks who run the place. I just want something that gives the facts and doesn't try to tell me how to think and how I should be aspiring to the ludicrously unrealistic. This one's a rag mag that should be on supermarket checkout racks with all the other sensationalistic rubbish, Pity, because the stuff online from this magazine is good - must have bought out by someone looking to buy a few political favors or something.
Forbes used to be a good magazine with a lot of good, business content along with technology (which I enjoy hearing about and am interested in). Not only did I ever receive many issues as they were not delivered (this also happened with TIME) but when I did get them, the issues weren't good. I would never pay 30 dollars for a subscription, I paid $17.94 but it was not even worth it. If you are worried about the issues not arriving which most people would be then do not waste your money or time. I had to call up and get my subscription extended but I still have missed every issue since I called (5 issues missed between then and now).
I have always been impressed with Forbes Mutual Fund review.  However I have not been able to find where they have published any since January of 2010.  I have been e-mailing them for several weeks and they will not respond.  I am getting very discouraged with Forbes.  If it is no longer published I can just drop my subscription but what is upsetting is that they will not respond.  If anyone knows if or where the updated Mutual Fund Review is shown, please let me know.Thank You
Two months after ordering the magazine I have yet to receive a single issue.
I ordered this magazine on sept. 19 and as of nov. 4th I haven't received one copy.
This book was listed as "new" and while it was, it had one of those annoying marker marks across the edge on one side.  Why would anyone in their right mind do this to a hard cover book?  Misleading of the supplier and presumably below Amazon's standards.
As I write this January 4th, 2007, I have never gotten my first or any issue of Forbes (for which I paid on October 2, 2006).  If I ever get something maybe I'd like it.
Forbes has some problems:1. each issue features yet more conservative opinions promoting trickle down theory. If you want to read articles written by Steve Forbes complaining about having to pay taxes, this is for you!2. after the Steve Forbes commentary, you find yet another billionaire or celebrity salary ranking. If you like to brown nose rich people, this is for you!There is very little investment or actual business advice. Don't even waste your time or money on this magazine, it serves no practical purpose.
I regret this purchase.  Is there any way to cancel?Thank youRita Snyder
I ordered my subscription 3 months ago and still have not received it.
I was charged in March 2011 for a 2 year subscription and by July I had still not gotten my first copy. i called wanting to know what the hold up was considering the took my money 3 days after the purchase! They stated they had the wrong address and that they would send me my back issues (which I never got) and extend my subscription (Which I also never got). I finally got an issue and it was the July Issue but weeks late and on the cover it showed that my subscription was to run out in March of 2013. i was annoyed to say the least but did not feel like dealing with automated e-mails. August rolls around and it is now almost the end of the month and once again my issue is not here so I call Hearst magazine myself. Cancel the subscription and demand a refund. They inform me that Amazon has to give me a refund. I once again send 2 more complaint e-mails to amazon and I am supposed to get a refund. We will see about that. I will never order any magazine through amazon again. You are better off going directly to the publisher website. I have used Amazon for over a decade and I don't seem to have trouble with the books, just the magazine so my advice~ Don't do It~~~
What a shame to see a once great magazine to be reduced to mostly ads. This used to be an enjoyable, much thicker magazine that I last subscribed to about five yrs. ago. I'm very sad to see that, it seems to be on it's last leg. If I were the editor I'd at-least scatter the ads more, put more substance in the first pages.  Good luck, only if your front cover's , that are so beautiful, reflected the content of the magazine.
Haven&#34;t received yet. Had to buy in store! Waiting for it to come to my home, then I can comment.
My subscription was for a year. But the subscription office stopped sending the magazines even before the subscription expired. I would suggest people subscribe to Good Housekeeping directly instead.
Was once an excellent, reliable mag, with all sorts of helpful information on different subjects. Now, it's mostly adverts with a few pages of info and recipes here and there, and half of it seems to be geared toward housewives who are intent upon watching every calorie.  I guess if you're ocd about your weight and you're looking for another way to beat yourself up, this is for you.
The magazine is great!The problem is, I am not receiving them. I ordered a subscription in January and have received 3 issues only!!!All my other orders with amazon have been received, I have no idea what is happening with my magazine subscription. I wrote to amazon to ask if there was a way of tracking my order but haven't gotten a response.
My Dad bought this magazine for my mom and I usually pick up the copies to browse them.  That is all both my mom in her fifties and I in my twenties do browse it as it is a joke.  It is not that special it is chucked full of ads.  The cover stories are dull and boring and many of the articles you would want to read have about one paragraph good information.  I find this magazine a waste of our money.  It will not be getting renewed at the end of the subscription.  My mom has already stated that.
Auto-renewal stinks because I don't like surprises on my credit card!  Great, favorite old magazine with good articles, and recipe ideas.
I'm done buying this magazine.  I got this magazine on sale for a $5.00 subscription and they aren't even worth that.  The cover stories are so boring.  Also, too much advertising.  I find myself just flipping through with no interest to read it  These are going in the garbage.
I still have not received the first issue of this magazine or the Oprah magazine that I ordered.
I ordered this magazine about a month ago.  The initial delivery estimate was within 2 weeks, however, 4 weeks later, I am still waiting for the magazine to arrive.  The shipment date now is pushed out another 2 weeks - there also has been no communication about delays in delivery etc - would not recommend it
I paid for the magazine for 1 year in December.  Received 2 issues and a bill saying that I had to pay another 5.99 if I wanted to continue receiving the magazine even though I had already paid.  Will not purchase this magazine ever again!!!!
I got just 2 issues out of 12. I contacted the seller who directed me to a middle vendor who never replied back. Money down the drain.
I asked subscription to be REKNEWED -- it wasn't. I'm angry? Please fix this for me right now nw nw.
not what was in the past...  too many ads and useless information.  tried many times to cancel and they just keep sending me the bill!
Good Housekeeping does not send a notice to the person receiving the subscription in a timly manner. It shouldn't take 2 to 3 weeks to receive notification.
I'm sure I will love the magazine, but I still haven't received it. That is the reason for the 1 star rating.
I renewed my Mom's (Mrs. Clinton Monson) annual sub to Good HouseKeeping mag as well as my own (2 year) sub to Good HouseKeeping.  What more do I need to write??
In the midst of the feel-good stories, decorating bits and lifestyle tips, are the ads. And the Buy Buy articles. And the Buy Buy articles disguised as decorating bits and lifestyle tips.Buy this new paint color, this nail polish that Michele wears, this facial scrub that takes years off, this trendy chevron rug in nauseating colors, this slimming dress with the peplum, and this green cleaner that sound great but really doesn't clean well. These cards will make your guests feel special ($25 for 5) and we found this costume ring for $150. What a deal!!  And there is a new feature, how families are managing to live well on a miserly $100,000 per year!!! It makes me want to throw up a little bit.I'm saving my issues to trade at the bookstore for quilt magazines.
I haven't received my first issue yet so can't say.  When is it going to come?????????  I think I'll like it if I ever get it.
While at their website, I entered a monthly contest.  An instant pop-up thanked me for my order.  I did not order anything as I was already receiving this mag.  Two emails followed thanking me for my order.  I replied to both - I did not order this.  Sure enought email billings started arriving.  There are no opitions but to pay the bill-email after email.  Not even an 800 number.  Yes, one month I did get two copies.  After searching and seaarching and having to dig deep, I finally found the department to correct.  Once again, I emailed explaining the situation.  Nothing; no reply; absolutely nothing.  This all started back in August of 2009.  This past week I received notice from a collection agency for the $7 whatever.  I could not believe it.  I am preparing to reply with a copy to our BBB.  Not only would they not reply to any emails, only one month did I receive a second copy.  Now, I'm being bugged for the second copy which I don't even get.  Yes, their site does show that I had a paid subscription.  Just because of this lack of professionalism, I will not renew.
Articles no longer of interest to me as they had been in the past 35 years I have been getting this magazine. It used to have 2 short stories, which were always good reading and 1 novel. Now there is only one good read. Very disappointed in how GH have changed their magazine.
For a magazine that is OVER 95% ads, there are only a FEW coupons to tempt you to try the products. I don't think that I will renew my subscription.
It's been 7 weeks and I still haven't gotten the first issue of my subscription. What's going on Amazon? You weren't slow in billing me.
This magazine is extremely boring and if ever it doesn't arrive don't think they will be sending another copy out(as most magazines do), they will tell you to speak to your local post office!!
Being a huge Guideposts fan, I ordered a subscription for my nephew at Christmas time. As of today, he has still not received the first copy. I have never been refunded nor given an explanation as to why he is not getting them. Today, I get an email asking me to renew....I don't think so.
I ordered a subscription to this for someone. He received ONE ISSUE and a notice that it was time to RENEW HIS SUBSCRIPTION!! So I thought - fine - I'll just to to amazon and find out how to contact the magazine to fix this..............but there is no way to contact them that I can see. This has happened to me several times with subs I have purchased on Amazon. I simply gave up altogether on Archeology, which sent me two copies of the same issue and THEN the renewal notice. But this is a gift for someone else. And this isn't working, guys.
I subscribed in 2001 through amazon.com and choose not to re-subscribe. I have received at least 2 phone calls a month from telemarketers and numerous mail solicitations for guitar player magazine to re-subscribe since my subscription ended. Even worse I have received three invoices from Ebsco Enterprises (I just received my third invoice today which is why I am posting this message) stating that I had contacted them by phone to subscribe even though I did no such thing. I have asked repeatedly by phone and certified mail to have my name removed from the telemarketer's list and guitar players as well only to have the cycle start over again in three months.Bottom line is this magazine is just out to get your money, if you're serious about playing guitar your better off hanging out with other guitar players or taking lessons rather than wasting your money on advertisements, gear porn, one or two interesting articles each month, and the trill of junk mail and late night telemarketer phone calls.
When I read a magazine, I want it to present different styles of guitar.  I want it to teach me new things as well as introduce and review new gear.  Guitar Player mag just doesn't cut it.  It is a magazine based almost exclusively on rock.  It's fine if you're a rock musician but what about the rest of us guitar players (jazz, blues, country, classical, flamenco)?  The product reviews are OK but leave much to be desired.  In my opinion, this magazine's perspective is too narrow.  The guitar has so much to it and this magazine just doesn't show it well.PS- I've been playing guitar for 21 years (gospel, jazz, fusion, latin).  Personally, Guitar One mag is one hundred times better than this magazine.
The minute I received the bill to pay for this I cancelled it. I don't have any reason to have this magazine in my house because I have no woman in my life at this time.
I have not received this yet so therefore I can not rate the magazine yetplease let me know when I am going to receive it
I never signed up for auto renewal.There is nothing but ads in this magazine. A waste of my money, will not renew!
This magazine is waste of money.  It is so full of advertisements it's ridiculous.  Had to turn 25 pages before getting to a page that wasn't an ad.  I will stick to Marie Claire where you at least get some decent articles in-between the ads!
I've subscribed to fashion magazines for a long, long time, and try to switch them up.  I hadn't gotten Bazaar in a year or so, and what an unpleasant surprise.  The editorial shoots are simply horrible.  It's not just the styling.  The photography is even worse.  I will give this one a long rest after the year.  Maybe that's why it was such a great deal.
I picked up an issue of this monstrosity out of curiosity one day, and I learned my lesson quickly: to never buy it again.  Sure, it's glossy and swank, chock-full of fabulousness, but there is one gigantic, glaring problem: NO ONE IN THE INTENDED AGE RANGE CAN AFFORD THESE ITEMS! Unless of course, her Mummy and Daddy have Money to giver her to keep her Happy with such things.  Nothing featured in here is under $150, and that's for underwear.  UNDERWEAR! (...)  No one I know in this mag's intended age range (well, except for one, but that's a long story and she doesn't dress in such things) has the kind of money to drop on $8000 designer dresses that will be out of style in three weeks.  Save your money on this worthless rag and buy a new lipstick instead.  It'll make you feel much better.
I know that many magazines nowadays have tons of adds, but the amount of adds on this magazine is ridiculous.I thought I would find nice articles to read but I didn't, all I found was pictures of expensive products and comments on where to buy them.I didn't like this magazine at all. I should have gotten Marie Claire/Cosmopolitan.
I was first intimidated about the amount of pages in this magazine but after I opened it and realized it was mostly ads it all made sense.  This would be ideal for photographers looking for inspiration or fashion addicts but neither of these are me.
By coincidence, I happened to page through the September issue of Vogue Magazine yesterday. The number and variety of featured people and subjects was mind boggling along with the photography and graphics that went along with it. Lest you think I'm a Vogue fan, I cancelled my subscription awhile ago but I like looking through the Fall Fashion issue.Today, a thick Harpers Bazaar arrived. The graphic design, if you could call it that, is, well, BIZARRE. It's got pointy jewelry, pointy shoes and pointy everything on stark white background. Is this supposed to be hip and cool? The articles were uninteresting. The photographs were dry and stilted like the graphic design. I didn't stop to read ANYTHING all the way to the end. ICK!Before you subscribe, take a good hard look at a newstand copy and see if there's anything that appeals to you. Sarah Jessica Parker on a stark white background is on THE COVER???? Compare the stilted over-stylized image to Jennifer Lawrence on the cover of VOGUE: No contest. Not a bit. Pitiful.
this magazine is just a waste of paper...i guess i am not shallow enough and dumb enough to fall into this high expensive fashion stuff......
For anyone who has read my review on Elle, I feel the same way about this magazine. Few articles, full of ads. If you enjoy looking at fashion photography and fashion ads, then this is a good magazine for you. (Although, I feel like this is a weaker version of Elle.) For the rest of us, skip it and purchase a better magazine. I canceled my subscription.
Most of it was ads, and not very compelling ads either. I wasn't impressed. And I won't be renewing. Lame.
Way too many ads and never a good article. I don't care that's it's only 10 bucks it's not even worth that
Just not the Bazaar that it was years ago. Will not be renewing this magazine for sure when it comes up for renewal
ITS BEEN ALMOST A YEAR AND I STILL HAVEN'T RECEIVED MY FIRST ISSUE. NEVER CONTACTED ME. HORRIBEL COMPANY AND CUSTOMER SERVICE.
I ordered this magazine and one other in September.  I received one issue of this one pretty quick, and then nothing . . . I called in November and was told that issues would be shipping in January since that was their next "cycle"  Okay, fine.  I was irritated and felt that should have been communicated somehow when I purchased it.  It said there might be a wait, but I would never have thought FIVE months.  So, I waited until January.  Nothing.  I called towards the end of January, and was told it was in the mail.  Well, its now March and I haven't seen either of the magazines ordered from this company.  I also ordered a third, that I have seen issues of, so its obviously the seller I used.  And, this is not an address mix up.  Both times I called, I had them verify my address.  They had to correct one.  I should have listened to the other reviews.  Beware.  You might never see what you paid money for.
I'd be happy to write a detailed review of this product, if I had a product to review. I've still NEVER received an issue. I guess I will be contacting customer service.
Wow, what a great idea: let's make everything look and read like it's 1950 again! Sheesh, what were they thinking, honestly? If they were trying to be fashion-centric, it's already failed, as the speed of fashion moves so fast that Bazaar should be thinking AHEAD, not dredging up a long-moldy history. I can't wait until my sub runs out, hate to say. Give me Nylon or British Vogue any day- at least they remember what century they are in.
I'm sure there will be more stars in the rating when the magazine does arrive.  I ordered Cosmo for me ant Bazaar for my daughter on the same day.  I have my second issue already.
I chose this rating because I feel that I was TRICKED into getting this subscription.  I might have seen some sort of message and not read it, about my 6 months subscription.I like Harpers Bazaar, but frankly I was shocked to see that I had yet another subscription.  Should have paid more attention.I certainly didn't ORDER it.So thanks for giving me this opportunity to tell you how I feel.
Don't bother ordering Hearst magazines.  Both Harpers Bazaar and House Beautiful come intermittently, late, or not at all.  I see the magazine I would like on the shelf, and wonder if or when I will receive my copy.  I finally just canceled. what a shame.
seriously!!! do not order this in amazon.i bought this subscription 2 months ago. i never got the magazine instead i got all kinds of trash in my mail box and e-mail as well. i think what they do is sell your personal information and that's why the subscription is so cheap. i'm so angry that even if i cancel the subscription i will still get all kinds of trash in my mail box.
I will get my first issue two months after I purchased the magazine!If ever, that's like theres no use getting one.
DO NOT SUBSCRIBE IT AT AMAZON. I NEVER GOT ANY ISSUE!TOTALLY WASTE OF MONEY! I RATHER BUY A CUP OF COFFEE.
I  have  yet  to  receive  the first copy  why is  that
I guess I'm too old for this magazine now. It was so much better in the late 70s to mid 80s. Now it's too celebrity oriented, and many of the models are too thin and alien-looking--and too young. Back in the day, I enjoyed looking at the hair and makeup on the cover model, whose name I might know, but I didn't know her backstory, because she was not an overexposed celebrity. I don't have any of the old Bazaars to compare with the new, but I can sense that something is off about the design layout--too busy? too jarring? It used to be a pleasant distraction from everyday life; I used to look at this magazine over and over. I wish I had saved every old copy.Would it be too expensive to do a retro version of this mag for us older women? I'm still thin, I work out, I love to dress fashionably and try new products--and I have money. I'm not 20 any more, but I'm far from frumpy, so don't dismiss this market too quickly, publishers. The magazines out there for mature women are condescending and do not appeal to those of us who still have a young body and, more important, a young mind. Also, they're full of pharmaceutical ads, which I hate. I do not want to be reminded of troubles when I am being entertained by my magazines.I gave it a chance, then I canceled my subscription.
This review isn't necessarily about the magazine but more about how they run their business. They automatically bill your credit card each year to renew and there is no option out of this upon first signing up. I called to see what was going on with this and was hung up on when I accidentally called the wrong department. RUDE!
I got a subscription to this magazine because I was looking for an upscale fashion mag.  Ladies, please pass on this one.  The articles are boring and somewhat out of touch.  But, what really put me over the top, is when a few months ago I started noticing the cigarette ads in the magazine.  I mean really, I know its a tough market out there, but I just find it completely unethical to have these ads in a magazine read by young women.  Won't be renewing my subscription to this one!!
I purchased this magazine in July and was told that I would receive it in October and that Amazon had no control over this. Then why are you selling it???
Harpaar's Bazaar began sending me bills after claiming that I had signed up for their "continuous renewal" program.  I called to clarify the situation and the representative blamed me for the situation and said I'd definitely signed up or it wouldn't have happened.  Needless to say I'll never subscribe again.
I was bored by this magazine.  The artistic analysis and views were useless to me.  I have a feeling a small group of people into arts and culture would love it.  Not for a casual reader hoping to be entertained.
I've read many positive reviews of this magazine and I did receive, several months ago, a trial issue. After sending in the subscription fee, I was billed again. I wrote a note letting them know that the check had been endorsed and deposited. Yesterday, I got a notice telling me my subscription had expired after one issue. I give up. It might be good, but customer service is really lousy. What a disappointment.
Harper's reminds me of a book reading I once went to.  The author read a selection from Proust.  It took forever and when she finally got to the 'point' the crowd all murmured and nodded in approval at its profundity.  I thought I was going to go out of my mind.......what's so profound about taking 1000 words to make a point that could have been made in ten words or less?  And therein lies my problem with Harper's.People here compare it with other "thoughtful" magazines like the Atlantic and the New Yorker.  No....it's not like those magazines at all; every paragraph in those magazines is packed with information that is critical to understanding the entire story.  They don't take the rambling "blue highways" approach like Harper's does.  If you really want a magazine that is balanced and in depth without the wandering prose of Harper's try my two favorites: the New Yorker and the Economist.  I also recommend the Atlantic.
I dont enjoy this publication at all anymore, dont know if editorial leadership has changed
In this day and age, it seems like I would have seen an issue before now...it's been over a month.  I know I like the magazine, I'd just like to get it.
There was a time when liberalism had a connotation of deep thinking, tolerance, and openness to healthy, civil debate.No longer.  And HARPER'S is a perfect symbol for all that ails the Left.  To call this magazine "Left leaning" is a farce.  It doesn't lean...it completely, totally, enthusiastically, and blindly tumbles and falls into the "Far Left" swamp.  The tone is often hysterically and shrilly partisan, reflecting the ongoing deafness and disconnection that the leftist media elites have towards the mainstream of America.The quality of the writing and feature selection has declined precipitously through recent years.  This rag is about as credible now as THE GUARDIAN, NATIONAL ENQUIRER, or, come to think of it, The New York TIMES!  Save your money, LOL!
So I ordered the magazine in Nov. 6, 2005. Its now Feb. 22nd, 2006 and the magazines (since I also ordered the Smithsonian and Scientific American) are nowhere to be seen. Of course, my account was quickly charged and at this pace, I'm guessing the whole genomic structure of all living organisms in this planet will be decoded before I receive any of them... so if you actually want to read this excellent magazine, it might be a better idea to get somewhere else...
It's been 2 months since I paid for the subscription, NO Magazine! I guess it's coming via Pony Express or Stagecoach!Magazine publishers are notorious for this kind of stuff.Bill
This magazine comes with lots of advertisements - 70% or more. Plus, articles (less than 15 articles in every issue) in the magazines are not very useful.  I subscribed the magazine because it is inexpensive and it is rated high by other subscribers.  Now I realize I made a mistake.
While I love the publication, please watch out for Hearst Magazine scams.  I received a renewal invoice/letter regarding another Hearst publication, Popular Mechanics which I have never read, ordered, or received.  [...]When I emailed Hearst (there is no phone number for customer service) to let them know that I did not order this publication, they sent the following reply: "We have received your renewal order. When payment of [...] is received, service will continue through 12 issues."I'm not sure what part of "I did not order this magazine and do not want this magazine" they did not understand.  Terrible company and it is unfortunate that they take advantage of their customers in this way.Hearst is the worst.
I was hoping there would be inspiring photos however most photos are so staged that it is not practical in real everyday life design.
Can't really tell what the product is like, but the service is not very good.* This was orderd on 11/29/09 along with Real Simple Mag. It was estimated 4-6 weeks delivery, and here it is Feb 1st, and still the magazines have not shown up. When I check estimated delivery, one says it should be delivered on Jan 19th (which year?) and the other should ship Feb 16th. That's well past the estimated 4-6 wk delivery, yes? So the magazines may be ok, but the delivery really sucks. The credit card has been charged, but when do we receive the mags? I called Amazon, and got their customer disservice department, who put me in contact with Synapse Services, who promised to call me back...We'll see.*Sorry to drag the ratings of this product down, but where else does one rate the service?
I have yet to receive my first issue.  I am looking forward to receivingmy first issue, which was to arrive in January, but no word yet, and it'stoday the 28th of January.
I am using Amazon service for several years now and I must say I am satisfied with your customer service. Although I have not ordered the "House Beautiful" magazine, nevertheless certain amount of money had been cut from my account. I would like to ask you to refund my amount as soon as possible. Thank you in advance.P.S.If you (Amazon) are not personally responsible for my problem, please forward my message to appropirate comission.
Credit card charged over two months ago and no magazine yet. How about a refund?
Got three magazines then charged for a renewal of 15.00 so ends up costing 5 dollars a copy and is mostly advertisements. Very Dissapointed
This magazine is basically full of advertisements. The pieces used are rather expensive and always formal like, never traditional, modern, etc. I would not order this magazine again.
There was nothing classy about the homes or anything else..This wasn't the old House Beautiful that I remember..Another $15.00 ill spent.
This really is the worst magazine I've ever gotten. Filled with advertisements and limited articles that are full of mostly hideous ideas. I throw this in the trash when it come now without even opening it.
Some great pics of interior design... but not enough to pay for this subscription.  They showcase alot of items for sale and where to buy, if you are on a budget (like me) everything is WAY TOO PRICEY.  If you're looking for high end examples to knock off, its good for ideas in that respect. Seems to come w/more ads than content. This would have to be my least favorite magazine I've ever subscribed too.  Very disappointed.
I have no idea how I ordered this for a whole year. I don't even look at it that much. Do not like it
I have orderd House beautiful magazine since September 18, 2006 and to date, January 8th I have not receive such subscriptions.  I would like someone to look into this please.
Ordered House Beautiful on December 8,2009 - but haven't seen one page of it yet.  Where is it???
Mostly ads anyway, this magazine is only for the wealthy.  I have better ways of spending my money than wasting $200 on a throw pillow.
I didn't want to sign up for another year but was told because it would expire in Jan. I had to. I wasn't given any notice until Dec.!  The Christmas issue was horrible and that did it for me.
bought this magazine as part of a bundle with two others.  this is the best of the three for looking at interior designs and such, but it isnt worth the paper it is printed on.  5 minutes on the web and you'll see far more ideas then a years subscription to all three.
I ordered these magazines, but I only received one.  Where are they?  Poor service! Take my advice.Don't order!!!!
It has been more than a month, but I still have not received House Beautiful magazine yet.
I wrote this review for my Harpers magazine as well.  Don't bother ordering Hearst magazines. Both Harpers Bazaar and House Beautiful come intermittently, late, or not at all. I see the magazine I would like on the shelf, and wonder if or when I will receive my copy. I finally just canceled. what a shame.
I did not order this magazine and I do not want it. Do not under any circumstances auto renew the subscription.
I am very disappointed! I purchased a year subscription to House Beautiful from Amazon.com in November 2009.  I have not received a single issue and recently received a postcard stating that I would not be receiving any at all that they now want to substitute my purchase with Woman's Day.  A magazine that I have no interest in.  I don't feel that a company should be able to do something like this unless they are NEVER going to publish another issue of the magazine.
Ordered since 27/11/09. Still no mag 31/01/10. I'm still hopeful though. Ordered Cosmo which is by same pulisher and received last week in December.
Zero stars - placed an order and needed to change the address after placing the order.  That was about 4 weeks ago!  Still waiting for my first magazine to arrive!  So much for customer service!!  I will probably not use Amazon again for a magazine subscription.
I was not aware of any automatic renewal for my subscription to House Beautiful and certainly do not wish to pay now for something that can't even be used for another full year. Please cancel this at once.
I have recieved 3 issues so far. The only feedback I have is this seems to be a magazine designed for people 70+. The interior design showns very old antiques cluttered with lots of unrelated stuff. The recent issue introduced a bathroom make-up reminded me the houses built in the 60s.I perfer to see a bright, clean, and modern view of the houses. Maybe this magazine is not for me, however, I don't know how to unsubscribe it if it is bought through Amazon.
Not worth buying, unless you like to look at pretty photos and some articles. I can never go to the places, but looking in a mag. is better than nothing I guess. I am not renewing this mag.
This is not a magazine.  There is no content.  It does not seem that the issues were delivered either. Save your money
I purchased a 1-year subscription to Islands Magazine on November 1, 2012 (shipped on November 9, 2012). So far I have only received 2 issues of the magazine. I have reported the problem 2 or 3 times via www.amazon.com but have never received a response. I think this is really bad customer service, and I am surprised as I have never had any problems with my previous magazine subscriptions. The magazine itself is nothing to rave about. Articles are very short, although well-written. I would not subscribe to it again ... even if the delivery was flawless!
I used to be a subscriber of this magazine, believing it would have some interesting articles about islands - boy was I wrong. You could think the folks at this magazine are illiterate, and are only thinking about the money. All there is to this magazine are loads and loads, pages beyond pages of advertisement. Not even interesting advertisements but more for the rich and wealthy. In between are a few nice photos, and maybe they throw in a couple of articles, which can all be finished in about 7 minutes. No need to say, I cancelled my subscription.
I didn't recieve that product so far so I am totally dissapointed. I didn't have any problems with purchases made trought Amazon.com and this one was a disaster.
This magazine is weak.  Would never subscribe again.  All the articles are really vague and do not provide any actionable items.
Since I've subscribed I've received much more junk mail.  I now receive an additional ten pieces of junk mail per month--offers from other magazines, financial newletters, etc.  I would never have subscribed if I knew that my name and address would be sold to advertisers.
Do not like the magazine, would like to cancel the substription.
While I do like this magazine, I really didn't read it much.  So after the one year subscription I decided to not renew.Guess what, Kliplingers automatically renewed the subscription.  I had to call an automated telelephone to cancel the subscription. Despite canceling they still keep sending me magazines I do not want.Amazon should be ashamed for allowing this to happen.BEWARE:  do not order this magazine from amazon.  Kiplingers has my credit card information and they keep on sending me magazines.
I would love to review this magazine, but unfortunately I have yet to receive any issues. Instead I have been getting "Field & Stream", which I did not order.  I wrote the so-called "Amazon Help Dept." over a week ago asking them to check this situation out. They promised a response withing 24 hours, but I have heard nothing back.  Maybe this review will get some action.  I hope so.
KIPLINGER & AMAZON BOTH HAVE RETURNS OF 100% RETURN, AS I NEVER RECEIVED A SINGLE ISSUE OF MAGAZINE I PAID FOR..I GUESS I WILL HAVE TO LOOK FOR MY INVESTMENT ADVICE AND DIRECTION FROM A COMPANY THAT FOLLOWS THROUGH ON THEIR COMITMENT TO THEIR CLIENTS AND CUSTOMERS..THANKYOU SCOTT S.
I received Rolling Stones instead?This seems to be a repetitive issue with this company.
I subscribed to Kiplinger's Retirement Report several years ago, but decided to give it a try again. The magazine, if that's what you call a 20 page publication with 4 pages devoted to one page ads, is written for individuals who are in or near "the end of life" stage. The articles deal with conserving the money you have, provide interest rates that aren't even close to the highest insured rates available. They never give ideas for travel or things to do outside of your home or with grandchildren. The best and only section I ever got any thing from was the questions asked by readers section and that is kept to one page. I guess the Editors feel there is no point in expanding the one good section this brochure does have. I would recommend you save your money and Not subscribe to this publication. I suggest, instead, you subscribe to a real magazine with information you can use every month Kiplinger's Personal Finance a much superior publication for half the price.
These magazine really is just a bunch of advertising. You might as well just pick up a South Coast brochure rather than pay for this. I subscribed for just five bucks a year, and I still feel ripped off!!There is really just one semi-interesting restaurant related article per issue, but I can just go to yelp instead for free advice.LA Weekly is better (and free)
Just nonsense and ads. Every few months they re-review restaurants and where to eat, which they are conveniently stealing from Internet websites/list and just making it their own.There's no substance, no journalism, no articles worth a grain of salt, just gibberish. What an awful magazine.Signed, LA native.
I can't review this product yet since I have not received it yet.  It's Los Angeles Magazine....but I haven't received a copy yet although I ordered it in April
Ordered two months ago and still have not received a issue yet.  Wonder if I will?  Did not take two months for the bill to come?  Wow!
Having been a Windows user and enthusiast for a number of years, I started to read this excuse for a magazine a little over a year ago when my office switched over to all Macintosh.I had owned a MacBook for a number of years prior to the switch so I was used to using a Mac but I figured that since i was going to be using a Mac all day at work, I ought to learn more.I already read several computer magazines a month including PCWorld so I figured that MacWorld would be similar since they both come from the same publisher, IDG.Boy was I wrong!  Unlike PCWorld, MacWorld is a Apple FanBoi in disguise.I rely on my tech magazines to get honest REAL WORLD opinions, both good and bad, so that I can make informed decisions on products.  My favorite tech magazine, Maximum PC, gives it to you straight, PC World does a fair job too.  Both of these magazines make sure that you know when Redmond screws up (Vista/Win8) and when they get it right (XP/Win7).With MacWorld, I feel as though it is a propaganda tool to make you feel better about your Apple purchase and the obscure world that you have bought into.  In the year + of reading MacWorld, I have seen 3 articles that had any semblance of objectivity. Too often I see some Mac Geek answering questions in the help section with instructions that are overly complicated (using terminal commands) for the average user, just so they can get an Apple workaround instead of pointing them to an easier non Apple method like using Google instead of iCloud.My final straw was an article about the iPad Mini and how the author colored his review to cover up the fact that the Mini was more closely related to the iPad 2 vs the 3rd generation iPad and that somehow this was intentional on Apple's part for compatibility to older apps. PURE BS!I cancelled my subscription.
Good subscription for the price but only comes once a month, very thin at best and always loaded with ads and very little content BUT if you only paid like $6 like me it is worth it.
I have NEVER received this magazine after I used the Auto renewal, I have asked to have it corrected over & over again, with NO LUCK!I have had a subscription for years.It use to be my favorite, however, I have NOT received a copy after I renewed the subscription...:-(I am very DISAPPOINTED Macworld! :-(
The font size was just too small.  It was laborious to try to read the magazine because the print was too small.  I have cancelled my subscription.
One has to wonder why a great magazine such as MacWorld cannot ship their first subscription issue *immediately* and what actually happens during the eternity between ordering a subscription on Amazon and receiving the first issue in the mail. When you consider that the entire infrastructure is electronic (order goes in at Amazon and Amazon notifies (electronically?) Subscription Dept. at MacWorld and email lands in an inbox, read on a Mac and then what? Do they print emails and stack them in a pile for someone who "doesn't do email" or the entire thing just sits in the inbox for months on end until someone goes "let's do a batch of subscription this weekend. order some pizza."I am honestly curious about this. Why such horrendous delays? Why not deliver first issue(s) electronically (PDF?) until print issues start arriving?One star for this experience. Magazine is great but for now I am going to browse it in the bookstore until delivery times improve.
I've read reviews and thought that Mariue Claire would be better than Cosmo (it's all about sex in Cosmo) but I'm dissapointed. Marie claire is like in style the whole magazine is just a photos of models and advertisments. There are maybe 2 or 3 articles but they are not so interesting. All in all if you are in your twenties you should choose cosmo or glamour.
It's a shame that the editors of Marie Claire did not have Maura Kelly edit her blog post on "fatties", but now they will have to deal with the backlash.  Would never support a magazine that is so hypocritical and poorly run.
I love fashion!  Reasons why I subscribed to Marie Claire...I don't know that I would really call it a magazine as much as an overpriced catalog. I was very underwhelmed with the fashion. Then I read the articles but really I feel they to fluffy and boring. I think they have underestimated the intelligence of their readers. As of today I cancelled my subscription. I was trying to hold out hope but as I tossed each issue into the recycling bin each month I felt guilty that trees were being cut down for my lack of satisfaction.
I placed my order on March 19 (six weeks ago), and still have not received a magazine in the mail. I love the magazine, but the management of their online ordering is quite frankly, horrible.
I subscribed for a year and cancelled. Way too political for a fashion magazine. If you like liberal politics with your fashion, then subscribe.
Someone dropped the ball - this never arrived 8 months later.  Maybe you shouldn't get it through Amazon?
I ordered this subsciption in June, and it's now mid-September....I have yet to see a single magazine.
Marie Claire used to be halfway decent. I previously enjoyed intelligent, informative, and fun articles focusing on fashion, travel, and every day normal life, but this magazine has become extremely political, feminist, leftist, and quite often abusive toward women and what they are, all differences set aside. Yes, women are strong and should make their own choices and be themselves, but I don't enjoy articles celebrating the lives of women who love men who beat them until they're bruised, all while carrying on marriages to other people simultaneously. Sorry, not being my cup of tea, this magazine will no longer be receiving my funding.
I cancelled my subscription because there is not any diversity on the covers! I am a girl of color and sometimes I would like to see some people that look like me on the cover!
I bought the subscription for this magazine and I was very disappointed.The magazine is full of adverts, has about 4-5 articles of substance, not all of interest, then a couple of reviews on make-up, one article on relationships and full of adverts. I felt like id bought a book full of adverts. The adverts range from make up to a few pages of clothing trends, the rest full of adverts for creams, lotions, hair products and pictures of models wearing clothes. there is no ethnic in the magazine whatsoever, so i felt like it didn't accommodate for all races. all models were white; not one ethnic. The five stories that they had only a couple were interesting, the rest were boring and short. more than 3/4 were of adverts for all sorts of things. it was more of a photo album of promoting products, that you usually see on TV and billboards. I wasted my money on this magazine and will never purchase it again. Doesn't cater for all types of women and seems more interesting in promoting products. very disappointed indeed. The also don't understand their target market whatsoever.
I AM SICK OF RECEVING DAMAGED MAGAZINES.  YOU CAN NOT GET THIS MAGAZINE THROUGH THE MAIL.  IT IS ALWAYS TORN UP AND DAMAGED BADLY.  I WILLO NOT RENEW ANY MORE UNTIL THEY START TO PUT THEM IN PLASTIC AND MAKE IT EASLIER FOR YOU TO GET REPLACEMENTS.
Personally, I found the articles, with a huge emphasis on sexual conduct, offensive.  They appeared to me to be immoral under the guise of sophistication.  To my way of thinking, it's rather an international version of Cosmopolitan. Not the type of articles that I care to read, care to discuss, care to share.  I've canceled my subscription.
Didn't sign up for auto-renewal and don't want it! Please make it stop!The magazine is a waste of money? OK! I'll repeat do not spend your money
I love fashion, so I have to keep up with my magazines. However, the last issue of Marie Claire was the bloody limit. The magazine has morphed into the classic trifecta of women's magazine articles: relationships, self-flagellation, and exposes/fear factor stories. Marie Claire ups the ante by having the hubris to declare social justice a topic (hence, this issues's three-page pictorial about rural Brazilian prostitutes). Don't forget aspirational articles about entitled multi-millionare businesswomen (look in their purses!), as well as a puzzling juxtaposition of articles about plastic surgery/eating disorders, etc. followed by an article on what 800-calorie diet is the next best thing, or the latest cosmetic surgery procedures that will change your life. Their nod to "real women" is a pictorial usually quizzing college students across the country "What is your best feature?" ...and you can hear and see how Jade from Ottumwa, Iowa, loves her freckles and perfect bicuspids. Fashion has taken a severe back seat, there are very few articles about the fashion industry or designers. The fashion pictorials are uninteresting and many are straight-from the runway shots haphazardly curated throughout the magazine. Slap a female celebrity on the cover, and you're good to go. A bubbling cauldron of self-loathing, greed, envy and aspirational desperation awaits you- dig in!
It's hard to give a review when you don't get the product. Having only received 2 Marie Claire magazines, and seeing my Husband getting his Magazine like clockwork every month, pisses me off! I get all kinds of email from Marie Claire. I hope they don't think email is,instead of.I want my money back!!!!
I dont have anything to say about the content of the magazine......Im here to warn people about their distribution!!!! I've got the first 2 issues on time, no problems, but after that its been ridiculous!!!!First, I didn't receive the magazine for 2 months in a row.....after emailing them like crazy, the finally told me they'd ad 2 more months on my subscription and that wouldn't happen again.But they couldn't keep up with their word.....my June issue arrived on my mailbox just on the 20th and today, July 4th, I haven't received my July issue yet!!!!That is unprofessional and very frustrating.....
I've been really disappointed for a while now with the changes Marie Claire has made. While it's held onto to the &#34;real world&#34; stories, it's fashion content is useless. I always loved Marie Claire because it was fashion that one could actually wear in everyday life and I always found myself ripping out pages to save for outfit inspiration later. It's now become a pseudo-Elle with busy pages featuring awful expensive high fashion crap that looks tacky and no one can afford. I've been holding out for a while now hoping it would get better but I've just been disappointed again and again. It's not what it once was and after being a constant subscriber for 6+years I will finally be canceling my subscription. It's a shame.
I love this magazine however the customer service on this subscription is lacking speed I subscribed to two other magazines on the same invoice and I have reveived two issues of teh other magazines and NOT a single one to Marie Claire WHY I DON KNOW.
I ordered this November 27, and still have not seen any magazine show up.  And according to Amazon's eta it should have started a month ago...Always fun to pay something for nothing.
I did renew subscription. Instead of renew it, it signed my up for another subscription. I called and send emailed, so far I have not got the refund yet. Please be careful if you want to Renew this magazine. I do not have have problem with renewing other magazine in amazon.
OPinions may be opinions, but writer Maura Kelly has no place writing for a magazine supposedly supporting women. Marie Claire will never receive my support.
I enjoyed Marie Claire for more than two years, but recently canceled the subscription over the Maura Kelly blogging incident. What I had liked about Marie Claire is that I felt they tried to embrace the diversity of all women (with mixed results sometimes, but still), but after the editors refused to refute the blatant bigotry and hateful rhetoric toward overweight people, I decided that I could not longer believe the magazine supported the beauty of diversity.As for the subscription, I will say that I never had a problem with receiving my copies -- they were generally on time to the best of my knowledge.
I'm a kuhlmom. I like fashion. I like make-up and nail polish. I like to be up on the latest real world trends.  This magazine covers very few of those things. Readers will find instead, trashy, poorly written articles about issues that are frankly, morally corrupt and offensive. Contained within this ecological waste of trees, one would find a barrage of articles about promiscuous sex involving orifaces that I prefer not to ponder in that context. I have received this magazine for several months and have found nothing of value in any of them. The website wouldn't allow me to cancel by my name.  I finally remembered to snag the wrapping in time to enter my subscription number into the "cancel my subscription section".  I'll sleep better tonight knowing I won't be traumatized by another issue.
On Dec. 24th I entered a Marie Claire magazine sweep: [...]It didn't display well in Safari so I couldn't read anything except the fields to fill in. Upon hitting the submit button I got a message thanking me for Subscribing and saying I'd get my magazine soon.I IMMEDIATELY tried to find contact information to fix this.I was unable to use their "unsubscribe link" because it couldn't find me (I guess I was too new to be in the system yet). And you need a code on the magazine itself for the other option.I found no phone or email addresses.After about 15 frustrating minutes I found an email for customer service that worked. (Several of their posted email address got rejected & came back to me:  magcustserv@hearst.com, customerservice@email.hearstmags.com, thankyou@hearstmags.com)I sent them an email explaining what had just happened and that I did NOT want a subscription.Since then I've gotten TWO email bills and a MAILED bill for the magazine (which ironically hasn't come, so I can't use the code on the front to use their auto-unsubscribe link) - but no response to my email.I've sent several more follow up emails and have heard NOTHING from them.I'm currently trying to track down a phone number for them, but I wanted to warn others about how unhepful they are.
I ordered back in September.  I understand that they might not have shipped right away.  I waited until November, then called.  They said I was not scheduled to receive any issues until January because that was the next cycle.  I said fine.  I was a little irritated, but fine.  I called again the end of January, after I hadn't received an issue, and was informed that it was in the mail.  It is now March and I have have received nothing.  I should have listened to the other reviews stating the same problem, but I let the cheap price sway me.  That, and i thought, how can they not send ANY issues?  Well, its true.  And not just with this magazine.  I am on here today to write a review from the other magazine from this same company that I have not yet received.  I would give no stars if I could.  This seems simply outrageous.
I think this is just like every other magazine ive received lately.  The same ole same old advertisements.  boring!!  boring!!!  boring!  people are just getting tired of the rich and famous put on a pedestal.  we all could be beautiful with makeup and touch ups.  what a joke. sorry i waasted my money.  even if only five dollars.
I had ordered Marie Claire with Amazon on 11/08/09 and still have not received my subscription.  I am having second thoughts in ordering magazines with Amazon again
After a nasty hate filled blog post on Marie Claire's website, I will no longer subscribe to this publication until their editor and the author of the blog post are dismissed!
After purchasing this magazine subscription I was advised it wouldn't get delivered till mid - end june (this was a gift for my sister).  I got an email to state it had been cancelled so i contacted amazon, who advised i need to contact the publisher in which i did, only to receive another email from the publisher saying to contact amazon.  The subscription was cancelled before it was meant to start however i did not get a full refund.  After emails back and forward to amazon and the publisher i have given up, but unfortunately will not purchase anything more through amazon because of this incident.
I asked for the cancelation of this title? Please, do not sent anymore, and credit my account! Thank you.
i ordered this magazine for my classroom's SSR.  after their continued support of maura kelly's blog about the tv characters mike and molly, i am so offended.  discontinued subscription, will never subscribe again.
I haven't received my magazine yet - where is it???  I ordered the magazine over a month ago and I still have not received my first subscription??!
I guess the magazine is nice and usually amazon is very good but I did not receive the magazine. Actually, I have received only the first number and then nothing... I have contacted amazon and the magazine but nothing really happen :(
Total turn for the uncool over the past 2-years or so.Marie Claire used to fearlessly take on hypocrisy within the popular fashion magazine world, fashion industry and society at large but it has turned from a mini-Bitch! magazine into a toothless dog. If you're looking for real talk feminism that actually applies to the lives of 20-somethings then move along - Marie Claire has caved to fat advocacy pressure yet still runs tabloidesque eating disorder and body image sensationalist crap, still wants to have fun and affordable fashion spreads but the idea of fun and affordable is now aimed at $30k millionaires or the genuinely rich. It's become bland, insults the intelligence and authenticity of its readers and is just another lame women's focus magazine with nothing fresh to share anymore.
An awful thing.  Marie Claire came to me unsolicited.  Can't wait to get it cancelled and out of my house.
DO NOT BUY THIS MAGAZINE! FOR ANY PRICE, IT IS TOO EXPENSIVE. MARIE CLAIRE HAS HARASSED ME REPEATEDLY TO PAY FOR MY SUBSCRIPTION.  IT WAS PAID FOR IN ADVANCE THRU AMAZON. I HAVE SENT THEM COPIES OF MY AMAZON RECEIPT TWICE.  THEY ARE REPORTING ME TO A CREDIT AGENCY FOR NON-PAYMENT.  AVOID THEM, AVOID THEM.  THEY ARE SCAM ARTISTS AND WILL FALSELY AND WITH MALICE DESTROY YOUR CREDIT RATING.
This is under my husbands name because he ordered it for me. Compaired to the other mags in this area it falls short.
I'm not sure exactly who the intended audience is for this magazine but apparently it's not middle class women in their mid-20's.  If I or any of my friends followed the fashion advice in this magazine, we'd be broke!  If you can afford to buy $400 blouses and $600 sweaters, it might be an ok choice for you.  There are tidbits here and there that I found helpful in the magazine but those were few and far between.  Overall, the issues of this magazine that I received were not appealing at all.
Beware you wont receive your first issue for over 45 days of placing the order.
The magazine articles are okay, they do not have stories on mixed cultures. The whole magazine focus on Caucasian not mixed cultures. This magazine only catered to Caucasians. Sorry never get this magazine at all.
I read the Marie Claire blog post located at this web address, [...]Because of this article, I will NEVER buy a copy of this magazine.  The people who produce this tripe are sick and they are promoting their sickness to the rest of the world as if their undernourished and sickly views are in the right.  Shame on them.If you know anyone who has self-esteem issues and an unhealthy self-image, the blame rests squarely on people like these and their twisted views.
I ordered this magazine for my daughter going on 2 months now and we still have not received the first issue.  I have sent 2 e-mails to Amazon without any response.  Easier jsut to buy at the drug store.  Amazon has had my money for 2 months now - paid for 2 years in advance - i must be crazy.
Still waiting for magazine to get to the woman I sent it to. This is the first time I have ever had a problem with an order and it better be the last!Update: it finaly arrived. Still not happy, but at least it was delivered and that's all I wanted, just faster would have made me happy. I hope to never have this problem again.
another scam?we had this problem with oprah.didnt want the magazine.had a VERY HARD TIME CANCELLING IT.searched the web and find they keep doing it and then send your bill to a collection agency even if you cancelled.is marie claire more of the same?dont know cant saybut dont trust anything with automatic renewals.we got this as a freebie for points from our recycling company.did not know they had any auto renewal attached to that.seems like a one sided attempt to try to fool people into continually paying.imho that is very unethical.we are starting the letters to their subscription service, editors at MC, and the attorney general.hopefully they will cancel us without the fraudulent collection agency attack.it took a long time to get oprah's attention.but she actually apologised on her show for what the magazine people did like this.who will apologise for MC ?will they care about their reputation ??NEVER BUY ANYTHING WITH AUTOMATIC RENEWALS !!!!!!!!!!!read the fine print first.it is not worth the hassle
I'm disappointed with the new direction that Marie Claire has taken. I remember reading this magazine just a few years ago, and it was full of fashion advice that I could actually use.Not anymore. I suspect it's fashion director Nina Garcia's fault, but unless you are the kind of person who can drop $650 on a sweater or a couple thousand bucks on a dress, there isn't a whole lot in this magazine that you can use, nor is there very much that you would actually WANT to use. For example, my latest issue highlights floor-length tulle skirts paired with denim jackets. Where am I supposed to wear that? The "101 Ideas" section in the front is full of very pricey designer clothes; many items are so expensive that the caption simply reads, "Price Available on Request." Seriously, how useful is this for the majority of Marie Claire's readers? Marie Claire focuses on clothes you could probably never afford, with only a few "bargains" thrown in.Marie Claire has turned into a snobby, useless imitation of Vogue/Elle. Its editors need to revisit the old axiom "know your audience." I will definitely not renew my subscription. If it had cost more than five bucks, I would be very angry that I had wasted my money.
I ordered this in Nov.22th. I haven't received any Marie Claire from Amazon until now.
Marie Claire's editors allowed the hateful blog denigrating overweight people to be posted, they have left it on the website, they have taken no action against the author, and they have not made any meaningful apology or response.  There are many other magazines to choose from - will stick with Glamour!
Very hard to say anything as nothing was delivered as of yet.Mabye it can be double checked,not sure if it will come on kindel or it will be delviered to adress given.
Be careful with this company... I recieved a card in the mail for a gift membership to this magazine. I thought it would be a cool gift so I filled the card out as an interested party. They started sending the magazine without recieving any money from me to start the subscription... well after thinking about it I decided not to do it so I did not want to pay for it. They continued to send it I thought in error... Now over a year later they send me a collection letter from a collection compnay for the 19.95 subscription fee. Why would a company send a product before being paid.. to rip off customers. OK magazine but I would not bother with this company ever.
Like the Mag but got it so I could view it on like tooThat doesn't  work when you buy it form Amazon
Can't really tell you how the magazine is...still haven't received a single issue. If you order magazines, be prepared to not see them for about 2 months, which makes this magazine an odd gift to give.
It took forever for this magazine to get to the address and it also is shipped a week to 2 weeks after the magazine is already on the stands.  What's the point of having a subscription if you get the magazine later than everyone else? I will never order a magazine from Amazon again, I'll go through the actual magazine company instead.
I received this magazine for a few years but ended up stopping it after renewal ran out.It's just not made for the "normal" 9-5 working male..  sure there are some good articles at times but when they get into fashion the normal man can't afford most of the items unless they make over 100,000 year.The workout articles seem to be the same just names differently, there are a lot of ads also to be aware of..I say if you past a newsstand and see this magazine and something grabs your eye you are better off ..
This is a good magazine for a gay man (or a girl) who wants to look at pictures of attractive men.  Every advertisement and every article includes a picture of a buff guy.  I prefer Men's Journal for tips and interesting articles.
My wife gave me this as a Christmas present. The mag looked interesting and appeared to have some good articles. But, when I began to look inside and read these articles I found that they were a very shallow representation of the title on the cover. I found these tiles on the cover to be a gross misleading description of the contents. I am now in the process of cancelling my subscription. It is insanely difficult to find a link that will allow you to cancel. I won't be ordering any more magazines from Amazon. Too difficult to communicate. We asked for some communication about this account to verify the cancellation and have yet to receive any.
Thanks for letting me know that Men's Health is half price a day after I ordered it for the regular price.  How do you stay in business???  It will be the last time for any order from me.
i ordered  men's health for someone incarcerated,  i year subscribtion., out of  that year they only received 2 magazines.
First of all, the articles are crap. Entertaining fluff, but the same recycled content, again and again, slightly or completely wrong. (I know because I happen to be an expert on one subject area that they occasionally cover. They get it ALL wrong.) But you probably knew that already.Secondly, and the main reason I got up to write this review, is that when your year is thankfully up, they send a small postcard saying they will "for your convenience" automatically bill your credit card for a renewal!So it becomes your responsibility to contact them (of course, the phone number is "temporarily" broken) or else negotiate with your credit card company for a reversal. Your time and hassle - free to them. And maybe, just maybe, you'll forget or give up.If that's not a scam, I don't know what is.
I do not recomend ordering mens health through Amazon.comI signed up for the whole year through amazon and paid in full.  I started recieving the magazine immediatly.  Its now been like 10 months and I have only recieved 3 issues.  since then I have not received a single issuegreat magazine if Amazon could get their orders to go through correctly and customers were assured they would actually get the MAGAZINE.
Don't waste your time unless you have a kindle fire or ipad.  Kindle apps on android phones or tablets are not allowed to load this kindle item.
If you want to take a look at this magazine get it off the shelf 1st.  If you like it, keep buying it that way.  Nothing against Amazon, I've always been happy with their service.  The problem pops up when you go to renew your magazine subscription.  Rodale books, the publisher, has a REAL nasty habit of setting people up for auto renewals and not really telling them.  Once you end up on auto renewal good luck trying to get it canceled.  What you end up with is a lot of threatening letters from collection agencies and lots of time trying to get a hold of a real person to cancel the subscription.
This is a review of the service, NOT the magazine. The magazine gets four stars.Serious hassle to get this subscription cancelled. It really shouldn't be that hard, especially when it's within an hour of having placed the order. I had to contact Amazon about it several times, as well as Rodale. They still charged my card, even though, like I said, I cancelled it within minutes, heck, nearly instantly after having placed the order.
My problem isn't with the magazine itself, but with their new (or at least new to me) subscription policy.  Subscriptions now automatically renew, which means you will start receiving bills months before your current subscription ends.  If you decide you don't want to renew you must call them.  If you don't they will turn you over to a collection agency, even if you don't receive issues from the new subscription.I have subscribed to Men's Health off an on for many years, and even own some of their books.  This is the first time I have had this problem, and it will be the last.  Apparently they are getting desperate trying to keep their subscribers.
I can't write a review as the first issue has not been delivered.  I was told originally it would be sent on Mid October, Now I have been advised it will be arriving mid November.  I can't understand the poor delivery time.  I ordered this in August.Thank you.
Gave it as a gift that had been asked for. I apologized for the content and he agreed it was not what he had expected.
I have twice subscribed to Men's Health and both times was disappointed.  You really only ever need two issues of this repetitive journal of contradictory advice and mediocre fitness strategies. Real information is offered up sparingly and is often incomplete. There is however, an abundance of absurd success stories of people who are either so young that they can easily achieve their fitness goals or have so much time that they have no excuse not not be in shape.There is little that applies to anyone over thirty who have actual jobs and need to live real lives.Furthermore, they slip additional book offers and subscriptions in with your contract. You can easily spend 5 to 6 times the subscription price per year if you don't stay on top of the junk that hey send you. Honestly, one of the worst magazines in terms of all the additional crap that they send to you.
I'll echo what has already been written by quite a few: Men's Health has become a shell of what it used to be. You can only go over the same routines so many times, over the same routines all the celebrities are doing, and what foods a guy should eat this month before someone decides they're the wrong foods to eat next month. It has become so repetitive that they used the same cover, with all the same articles teasers, and just changed the guy on the front (Tyler Lautner...whoever, one of the guys from the vampire movies). Anyway, MH could be salvaged if they would leave out the Obama propaganda pieces and just decided to step outside of themselves for some fresh content. I hope they do...but I'm not counting on it.Oh, and don't even think you can unsubscribe once you've paid. It got to be a joke how many times I tried, but they kept sending issue after issue.
I know that Amazon does not have the option of zero stars but if given that option, I would still give Men's Health one star for at least its content. I have been a fairly consistent subscriber to the magazine for about 6 years and I have definitely been educated and entertained by its content. The authors and layout staff have definitely made Men's Health a pleasure to read.Unfortunately, over the last couple of years that I have noticed, the parent company, Rodale has been engaging in some fairly poor business practices. First off, they love to send random hardcover books to you and charge you for them without you ever really consenting to it. There is basically no way for you to ship back the books without costing a fortune on shipping fees. To my knowledge, there is no option of opting out of this.Also, unlike a lot of other normal magazines, Rodale never gives you the option of renewing your subscription. They pretty much just send you a bill at the end of your original renewal period and charge you for the next period automatically. If you do not respond they will send your debt to a collection agency and that is a whole different nightmare to deal with.Of course I'm sure if we all read that thing we signed before subscribing to the magazine that there will be a section in small print informing us that Rodale can do whatever it wants. In that aspect, it is indeed my fault for letting them take advantage of me but I have recently canceled my subscription and never plan to subscribe again until Rodale decides to change its policies.
My wife got me this magazine a few years ago and I enjoyed it, but over time, they started sending us invoices for things that we did not order.When we contacted them to try to get some confirmation or other information about why we were being sent bills, they refused to provide anything.From reading some of the other reviews, it sounds like this is typical of their publisher. We were not alone in this experience.The invoices from them were extremely misleading at times and even threatened to begin collections on us! Yikes! This for product renewals that we did not ask to receive and for which they refused to provide any proof of our order.We had to resort to filing a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission to get them to stop.Warning: don't even get started with them.  Even if you enjoy the magazine, it is best to get from a newsstand.  If you give them your contact information, it's a real drag.
I was a subscriber for several years and have terminated my subscription due to the november obama lovefest. I didn't think it was neccesary to endorse a political figure in a magazine devoted to health and fitness especially one that was a drug user and smoker. Then one day a package of books arrived in the mail for a free trial that I did not order. I had 21 days to preview and return if I did not want them. Cost me $$$ and time to return. Not happy.
You keep sending it to the wrong address and it is present to some else.  I am trying to correct this.
Definite room for improvement... they are still sending my magazines to my parent's house, after repeated phone calls and account updates.
I was a subscriber to Men's Health for a year. My year ended at the same time the magazine published its tacit endorsement of Barack Obama in its November 2008 issue. I did not believe that a cigarette smoker who spent his youth smoking marijuana and snorting cocaine was an appropriate man to promote in a health magazine. The same issue also attacked several conservatives and Republicans. (Oddly, a poll in that issue showed that 42% of the magazine's readers identified most with the GOP, while just 18% identified most with the Democrat Party.) Therefore, I chose not to renew my subscription.I never received a postcard such as one reviewer said he received. However, several weeks after I notified Men's Health that I would not be renewing my sub, I received a package with two books and a note that read, "As promised when you ordered Men's Health Magazine, your 21-day free preview of Men's Health Total Fitness Guide 2009 has arrived."First, I did not receive such a "promise" when I signed up for a subscription more than a year ago. Second, I would not accept a subscription with such a "promise." And, third, I wrote Men's Health on November 10 to let them know that I did not wish to renew my subscription.I just e-mailed customer service and told them that if they want their books back, they need to mail me payment to cover shipping and handling.
This magazine is good for a year or to buy an issue if it has a specific story you are interested in but it doesn't have much staying power.* The workouts are recycled. They may change a few exercises but it is always the same swiss ball crunches and weightless squats on a bench. Though most health/exercise magazines do have this problem.* They always have a 6 page advertisement toward the end. Yes 6 pages. It is normally from the company that makes Hydroxy cut. But the worst part is that it always has the disclaimer that the claims haven't been evaluated by the food and drug administration. Isn't the name of this magazine Men's HEALTH? Yet they run ads for untested unsafe over-the-counter supplements.  This advertisement is in addition to all of the other supplements that have full page ads.* Next, as one earlier reviewer mentioned, the clothing in the fashion section is always extremely expensive. I'm not a thrift store shopper but I don't spend over $700 on one outfit either.Not to be all negative I have to admit there are some issues that really rock like the interview with Thomas Jane about his Punisher workout and the article about physical requirements of dangerous jobs like Marines, Army, SWAT, FBI, etc.I just don't feel that it is worth what they are charging. As I suggested buy an issue from the newsstand if it has a special article. This magazine will bore you if you read every issue.
This was a gift and the recipient only received 2 copies and then a bill in the mail.  and when i tried to update this w/amazon, i keep getting emails saying to contact Rodale, but no one at rodale can find a copy of the subscription/order.  They cant even look it up by the amazon confirmation.  This is more frustrating than if i would've just filled out a card and sent the payment by check directly to the magazine companies.  The customer service on this is just extraordinarily poor.
I've enjoyed subscribing to Men's Health magazine in the past but I had to stop to prevent being sold products and renewals without my authorization.  Be aware that with your subscription, they will automatically renew your subscription "for your convenience" and bill you accordingly.Also, I would receive post-card notices in the mail about their latest fitness guide ($28) and how I can "preview" it for 21 days. Of course, I think not and toss the card out.  Too bad I didn't pay close enough attention.  I have to fill out and send the card back in order to decline.  The fitness guide shows up in the mail and I have 21 days to repack it and ship it back.  They got me with two of them (I admit, I did fail to get it shipped back before 21 days was up) and, along with the auto-renewal, I had enough and called and told them I didn't want to be a customer anymore.  Fine....I thought.  It's been four months since my last issue and here I am now with a postcard from Rodale Books about previewing the 2008 Fitness Guide.  I guess cancelling my subscription wasn't enough to keep them from auto-selling me stuff.Can you imagine this new tactic of selling becoming the norm?  The retailer gets to choose what we order and it's up to us to decline it.  Crazy!  If you google for "Rodale return card 14 days" you'll see that there are some who have attempted to sue Rodale over this.  Think twice before ordering this magazine and being subjected to the same sales tactics.
I got bombarded with glossy junk mail and watch out for hidden renewals.My wife got me a subscription through her airline miles program. I did not like it.
Received my first two issues on the same day. One i had already purchased a month earlier and the other was the prior months issue! I wont buy subscriptions from here anymore.
The magazine is ok, a little light on exercise for the fitness guys, and a little light on fashion for the GQ guys.Warning:Rodale (the publisher) will send you books you haven't ordered, then send you a bill for them. Although you have no legal obligation to pay for them, they may report you to a credit agency to collect their [...] bucks.  This is sleazy and I wouldn't recommend doing business with a company that uses tactics like this.
I agree with all of the reviewers who commented on the auto renew.  I had to call to cancel my husband's subscription b/c they kindly auto-renewed him - twice - in the same month.  As a female, I enjoyed the recipes and found the sex tips humorous.  I agree that the magazine tends to regurgiate the same information.
I am dissapointed at the fact that I only got one magazine. I am gonna try again.I wonder what happened to my money
Beware of auto-renewals after you cancel your subscription. They will send you books from Rodale that require you to either pay and keep it or return to sender at your own expense.  Contacting the company by phone is next to impossible. The "contact us" page says to write to them... yes, write to them.  Shady and not worth the hassle. Look elsewhere.
I haven't recieved a single copy so I can't really review it. All I can say is the amazom service is terrible.
I have had a subscription since college to this magazine. When they started salivating over Obama and putting him in the magazine and finally on the cover, it was more than I could handle. I read the magazine for the nutrition and exercise tips and things generally of interest to guys like me. I dont want to hear about politics, especially if it liberally biased. The shameless adoration of Obama crossed the line and does not belong here. That issue went right in the trash along with my subscription. The issue with Obama in it before that had a full length picture of him with captions pinpointing how fabulously he dresses, I mean come on!... that is ridiculous! Bush wore the same suits and I dont recall the same commentary on him, not that I even want to see Bush in there either. I am sure that there are many like me who done want this liberal bias shoved down their throats and will no longer read mens health.
I understand that subscriptions can save you money with magazines, but honestly you will save your pocket book and possibly your credit score by just buying them from a magazine stand. I honestly do not know how they can continue to be in business! (Rodale books that is) Its like selling your soul to the devil, or being in debt with the mafia. Will never ever give them anymore of my information. I literally had to get new checking account cards and everything for them to stop billing me, but that caused problems in itself as well, but worth it now that i do not have to deal with them anymore! Save your time, money and sanity and just spend the extra couple of bones at the magazine stand. It will be cheaper in the long run! I promise!
I subscribed for 1 year and got only 8 issues. When I asked them about it, they said my subscription had expired. And when I told them I had gotten only 8 issues, they never replied. Beware, gentlemen.
Submitted a change of address weeks ago.  Still have not received an issue.  I should have just let the subscription go and re-subscribed from scratch with the new address.  What a waste.
MH has some good content on a variety of topics, although I would like more on fitness and health.  Their treatment of customers is another story.  I dislike the fact that they regard a subscription as permanent until you figure out how to turn it off.  Just now I spent $7.50 returning books I didn't want.  They sent me a notice beforehand allowing me to opt out, but I was away on vacation.  When I returned, I sent in the opt out form, but apparently it was too late and I received the book for a 21 day trial.  I was ready to return them immediately, but the fine print says that an invoice is to be included; in another place it says the invoice will arrive in a few days.  After at least 15 days (of the 21 day period), the invoice hasn't arrived.  After I found a phone no. and called it at 10am on a Monday morning, the recorded message said it couldn't take the call - try again another time. Rodale has sneaky ways of serving its custormers.
I picked up a copy from the bookstore and liked it, but what I got in the mail was completely different. I guess that month's issue was a fluke. (I was expecting some unbiased reporting with newsworthy articles, but instead got a lot of rehashed stereotypical garbage with no scientific data or statistics to back it up.)  Also ended up getting a ton of mailers and advertisements from &#34;Mother Jones certified partners&#34;. Never opted into that.  They misspelled my name in the street address so it was easy to trace back to the culprit.Update 4-14-14:Amazed that I keep getting spam mail from this company's &#34;partners&#34;.  Worst magazine purchase ever.  The refund doesn't get you back where you were because I am still on the Mother Jones distributor list.
This is probably the worst magazine I've ever read (yes, I did subscribe to it), and I upright just had to cancel. If you're the type of brainless lunatic that loves being spoon fed conspiracy theories and propaganda, then I'm sure you will enjoy this trash. Even at my most liberal, neo-hippie, anti-government, and anti-capitalist stage of my life, I found this magazine to be truly laughable and downright dangerous and disgusting. This magazine is for left-wing extremists- the same personality and lack of common sense as the right wing extremist nutjobs- just with a different agenda.If you're an eco-conscious person with a brain who wants to make a difference, you're looking for "Mother Earth News" not "Mother Jones" - there's a BIG difference!!
I signed up for a one-year subscription. After ~4 months I called to find out what the problem was. I was met by the biggest c___ I have ever had the "pleasure" to speak with. When I told her she was not displaying the best attitude to a paying customer, one who received nothing for their money, her response was, "well at least you will be getting your subscription"...as if that was amazing on her part.THEN, I received ONE magazine, and then NONE Since!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This was the second time I had trouble trying to get and give MJ subscriptions.I love the writing, but not that much. I have better things to do. And with PR like that, they will never get any donations from me again - learn how to run your company better first.
I know it's them too, because they got my last name wrong and now all the spam that comes to me has that same last name. Unless you want endless spam sent to your house, I would recommend going with someone else.
The ageing 60's left sounds a little strident...and pathetic.  While the best-seller lists are dominated by conservative mainstream publications - such as "Bias", revealing what we always knew - the worn-out left is still [pandering] to Marxism, enviro-nazism, and any form of anti-heterosexualism that the current fad embraces.  If you like to laugh at the same old "blame {big-business, Christian, free-market, heterosexual, working-for-a-living, intelligent choice, monogamous, wise-use} individuals who are responsible for all of us loser's problems" - type articles, this is the magazine for you!  I'll stick with the land of opportunity, hard work, and wise choices to get me through!
Another place where the left-wing brain-dead can sing in unison their songs of envy and hate for anything truly American. I personally like to read it for a good laugh or to find excellent dumb quotes from the low-information, low-IQ, 'anything goes', hate-the-rich' followers.  It's fun to watch these cult leaders give out the free gay Koolaid laced with hatred and envy to the thirsty zombies.  Then they comment after drinking it and slur their dumb narrow minded rhetoric to each other for high-fives.  yeah, this is a good one.
Hi, i've been browsing this magazine on and off for a number of years now and all i can say is this magaizine is designed to make a quick commercial killing. I mean i saw an article back in 97 i think which said- Big arms- the surest way to get them. but if u pick up a current issue you will see it rehashed again! This is fairly typical for almost all the articles. Plus 75% of the magazine is full of ads for useless supplements mostly from the publisher of the mag. Plus any reasonably intelligent person knows that all the'champs' feautured in this mag are gentic freaks who would grow on any routine and are loaded with every steroid known. but this is never stated anywhere in the magazine. plus these guys are termed healthy, this is bull as almost all these 'champs' have severe health problems and some of them have died recently due to severe drug abuse. bottom line is this, there is very little to be gained from this magazine from a muscle building point of view! In all fairness they do have good articles about improving you sex life and some decent recipes but you don't have to read this mag for that now do you?some reviewers have recommended books by stuart mcRobert which i strongly endorse if you are serious about building size and strength safely and sensibly.
Literally, 95% of magazine is advertisement for dietary supplements (most of it is with Muscle Tech).Pages and pages of spam... sometimes of the same product from the same company will place these advertisements in the first couple of pages, then in the middle, and then at the end of the magazine.If you are looking for pictures of bodybuilders screaming like they are having a roid rage episode, this is prefect magazine for you.If you are looking for new weight lifting techniques to freshen up your workout routines, definitely look elsewhere.
I'm referring to the U.K version of this magazine but my sentiments are the same as that written by most of the other reviewers. This mag has deteriorated so much over the last few years. I recent;y discouraged my son from reading this magazine as it almost resembled a soft porn mag! Also, if you were to follow the routines in this magazine, you will just end up overtrained and frustrated with your lack of results. Why? the rotuines listed here only work if you have 6 days a week and two hours a day to train. and it also requires that you live on supplements! Most of the 'champs' feautured in this magazine are just paid to say they use the supplements. in reality they are all surgically enhanced and are on large amounts of anabolic hormones. There is no way the routines in this mag will work for typical people. please look elsewhere!
Mainly out of curiosity i picked up the current issue (June) of Muscle & Fitness. Ironically on the cover it says 'Our Biggest Training Issue' BUT out of 289 pages a whopping 167 of them contain full page ads for food supplements (and i didn't even count the pages with half and 1\4 page adds), including one which will make you 'gain size and strength 344% faster', and another which will 'grow muscle while you sleep'. The other 102 pages consisted of an article on 'supplements to help you sleep better', 'American pin-up girls', the Rock's training program which has you training 5 days a week with 20 sets for the arms and no squats or deadlifts, Aaron Madrons new secret chest routine, oversized photos of the 'champs' and other related nonsense.  [In my opinion,] this [magazine] is NOT the place to find sensible training info for typical drug free people. Please read books by Stuart Mc Robert and other good authors all available from this site. Peace.
If you enjoy reading ads while browsing through magazines, then this is the magazine for you.  The articles are pretty much the same every month with different bodybuilders demonstrating routines that we have all seen before.  Save your money.
Don't bother is what I say. Why? Well first and foremost, if you are like me and been into fitness for a number of years there is next to nothing that you will learn from this magazine; you would benefit more from a free fitness forum than you would from the magazine alone. Not only that, but there is a significant amount adds in the magazine to the point it seems like that there is more adds than there is articles; at times there are articles to convince you to buy a specific product hence an add. Then there is the cost of the Kindle version that equates to the cost of the paper edition which truly baffles me if you consider once you make a digital copy there is less over head and therefore one would think they would lower the price if you go with the digital version: of course they don't do that. They stink on communication meaning I have contacted the editor and then customer service and still yet to get replies. I admit there are times I am reminded of something I forgot, or the mag gives me an idea to spice up my routine, but all in all I get the same results by visiting fitness forums like rosstraining. In short, the only thing I will miss is having something to read while sitting on the can. Short of that, no shirt off my back not reading this magazine ever again.
I can remember the day like it was yesterday; I was at Thrifty Drugstore and I glanced over the magazine rack. There was a copy of Muscle & Fitness. On the cover was a glossy color picture of Dennis Tinerino and some blonde babe. I was so incredibly impressed by that body! Hers wasn't too shabby, either.I felt kind of embarrassed buying that magazine because I was, at the time, 6'1" and weighed 106 pounds. I had real long, blonde hair and so I had to be really careful not to stand in corners because people might've mistaken me for a mop and used me to try and clean their floors.I remember reading that magazine cover to cover. It was pure inspiration which was sorely lacking in my personal universe at the time. I was 15 years old and I felt abandoned by life. I really didn't feel like I fit in anywhere.But after reading that magazine, I dragged out my dad's old blue plastic York barbells and dumbells and his old Sears weight bench and set up a little place in the garage and started working out. At first, I didn't want anyone to know so when everyone was fast asleep, I'd tiptoe to the garage, turn on my Realistic Stereo from Radio Shack to three and workout from 1-2 in the morning.This magazine really offered some great advice at the time but what I really liked were the pictures. Bodybuilding  wasn't the 'freakshow' that it is today. There were some massive guys, but there weren't guys walking around at 300lbs with 25" biceps. Bodybuilding back then still had style and class. I immediately took a liking to Frank Zane. He wasn't super huge, but his body looked like it was sculpted from pure granite. One time the Mr. Olympia was on ABC sports and I used the Beta-tape player (remember those?) to tape his posing routine. Every morning and every night I watched that tape until it literally disentegrated from so much viewing.I finally "went public" with working out because people began to notice that something was different. In fact, I got to play on the football team instead of being used as a yardage marker. Muscle & Fitness was still my Bible and I ordered all kinds of Weider related products. I once saved up my allowance for a month to get a container of chocolate 'gain weight pills'...I bought them because the same guy that was oin the cover of the first M&F; I bought, Dennis Tinerino, was also peddling these. I thought for sure that if I took those pills, I'd look like him in another six or seven weeks.God, those pills were awful.I graduated from the garage to a real gym when I was 16 and I kept making progress. Bodybuilding took over my life. Even though my self esteem improved somewhat, it was hard to let go of all those mean and horrible things other kids used to say to me. I thought if I could just get to 160lbs...if I could just get to 175lbs...if I could just get to 200lbs...then I would be happy.But I was never happy.I started taking steroids right after I graduated high school and I still wasn't making the gains I wanted to.One night, in a "roid rage" I was involved in a pretty horrible car accident. My right arm was almost completely torn off. My arm was spared but I was despondent because I couldn't go to the gym.When I was finally able to go back to the gym, I returned to the same old tricks. I began to notice that Muscle & Fitness was saying the same old thing. I began to get really disillusioned about bodybuilding. I stopped lifting altogether. I distanced myself as much as possible from the sport.About ten years ago, I gradually got back into it. Not to where I once was, but I decided to make it fun and have a good time doing it. I even bought a copy of M&F....;Same old stuff. I mean, all the people that are in the magazine now are different, but it's the same old stuff that I read 25 years ago. The 'champions' now are HUGE and grotesque. There are people like Jay Cutler and Ronnie Coleman who are weighing close to 300lbs at 5'11".What the hell, man?I think what really gets me now is all the advertising. You are paying six bucks for a magazine that is 80% ads. The ads these days even 'disguise' themselves to look like training articles, but they're still ads.My suggestion is to look on e-bay and maybe buy some older versions of the magazine. Give yourself the opportunity to look at the 'golden days' of the sport. Yes, steroid use was happening even back then but it wasn't so obviously blatant as it is now.Working out should be fun. I believe that the more fun it is, the more productive you will be. I know I'll never be Mr. Olympia, but so what...I won a bigger prize...I won my own self-appreciation.Here's hoping you appreciate the gift that is the body.Peace and Blessings,john 'the Light Coach'
If I wanted to see Ads while viewing I would watch an infomercial. What happened to quality information? I think I will start venturing to other health mags.
How many times can you write the same article over and over again and call it something different?  Muscle and Fitness has been doing it for many years now.  Eats lots of protein!  Don't overtrain!  Take our supplements!  Look at 125 pages of Muscle-Tech ads!It's insane.  Not only is this book 1/2 filled with ads for supplements that do nothing, the pages are also filled with meatheads that are on $10,000 worth of steroids per month.  The fact is, the routines in this magazine are targeted towards those who use the drugs.Other than the "latest in nutrition and health" section, this magazine never changes from year to year.  And of course, the latest in nutrition updates are all biased to begin with.  How can anyone say milk is good for you these days after everything that's been exposed in the dairy industry?What a waste!
This magazine is NOT a source of reliable info for the serious weight trainee. I've been a hardcore bodybuilder/powerlifter for most of my life and I've been appalled by the number of ppl who've bought and followed the routines in this magazine and have got toally frustrated with their lack of results. Some of them have even given up weight training totally.Remember first and foremost that most of the articles claimed to have been written by a top bodybuilder are actually ghost written by in-house staff writers. Also none of the champs in the suplement ads actually take the supplements they advertise. They are just paid to do so. All of them are on copious amounts of steroids and are very geentically gifted. They are not role models for average people. However, average people  can build an impressive physique and a high level of strength IF the correct approach is followed(like myself). Sadly, these are NOT the methods promoted in this magazine. The magazine is just focused on selling suplements which are useless for the most part.If you are really interested in building a lot of muscle mass and strength to match then please read books by authors like Mike Mentzer, Stuart McRobert and Matt Bryzcki which are all available from this site, and save yourself years of frustration and start getting the results you deserve.
Definetly aimed at pro bodybuilders, not the average person who wants to trim up or just get a that nice cut body.  Almost all ads, few stories of interest, and even fewer images to help along.  I'd check out other heath magazines at your local Barns and Nobel, or Borders to see what works for you.  This one's too caught up in selling magazines, than giving you relevant info.
Five to seven years ago this would have been the premier Bodybuilding magazine to read. Today is a different story. It resembles a men's magazine closely related to Maxim and it's material is stale and wornout. I'm canceling my subscription of 9 years it's gotten so bad. Commercialism at it's worst. Don't bother because it's not worth it.
Bought this for the kindle version only.  Turns out it does not work with ANY Android Smartphone or ANY Android Tablet.  If you are a apple user or kindle tablet user it does work.  There is a hidden pull down tab in the description that I missed when ordering.  My first and last experience with anything kindle.
I agree with Darshan &amp; Scott.....this magazine is all hype and too commercialized. Been reading it for awhile now and the same routines appear over and over again. The magazine seems to be mainly concerend with just selling you food supplements just decorated with a few training articles to 'disguise' it as a training magazine. Also the bodybuilders photographed are obviously genetically gifted and the their programs are  not suitable for typical people.
I placed an order for print and kindle and promptly received a confirming email informing me that the item is available for immediate access on my kindle.Problem was -- it was not. Tried to cancel within 15 minutes of placing the order and repeatedly trying to access the kindle edition... received some strange messages about that not being possible.Burned once, know better than to return for more.
Muscle & Fitness is an extremely overpriced magazine and mostly consists of ad space.  Each issue seems the same, with the cover touting chiseled abs, bigger arms, tree-trunk legs, ect.  The routines are all very similar, and are geared toward amateur and professional bodybuilders.  If you you want a magazine that has up to date information and new and innovative routines, check out Muscle Media -- a much better magazine for both men and women.
Muscle & Fitness magazine is nothing more than one long, tortuous advertisement designed to sell you supplement after supplement. Serious advice regarding building muscle and becoming fit can scarcely be found between these pages, and on the rare occasions when it is, you can be sure that it will run a DISTANT second to supplement advertising. What you'll get instead is a male (and female) model showcase with workout routines that contradict each other from month to month (and sometimes even within the same issue), along with ludicrous advice about the "improvement" of your sex life. In fact, the workouts found herein are merely the same recycled routines we've all been seeing for years, in the guise of being "unique", or "new and improved".The Bottom Line : Building muscle, while difficult in practice, is certainly an easy concept to grasp. You simply have to rely on a few core exercises (done in good form), eat enough healthy food, and let your body get the proper rest. The Muscle & Fitness ever-changing array of supplements is NOT necessary to achieve your strength and fitness goals.Obviously, Muscle & Fitness has a bottom line radically different from my own. It's not hard to figure out why.I recommend that you purchase a copy of "Beyond Brawn" along with "The Insider's Tell-All Handbook On Weight-Training Technique" (both authored by Stuart Mc Robert). After reading through these volumes, you will relegate your Muscle and Fitness magazines to the trash heap. Guaranteed.
This magazine (and others from Joe Weider) only complicate weight training and confuse trainees. weight training is laughably simple. Train hard and heavy an a few big basic exercises that work all of your major muscle structures, add a little weight every week, get a lot of rest and eat a lot of high quality food (NOT supplements)and prgress will follow. BUT if you read this magazine you would think that you have to train 2 hours a day for six days a week, buy expensive supplements and buy useless accessries like gym clothes and shoes......plus all of the 'champs' in the magazine are just genetic freaks loaded with steroids.....there is no way that an average person can ever hope to achieve this.if you are serious about packing on solid muscle then read books about sensible training form authors like Stuart McRobert and Dr.Ellington Darden.
I ordered this subscription as a gift.  The first issue should have been delivered in June.  We heard nothing from them, so I had to contact Amazon in late September.  I was told that the July/August issue had production problems, and was never sent out.  My gift should arrive by mid-October---the September issue!!!  This is the worst gift I ever gave. And no response or notification from the publisher!  Zero stars.
This is NOT available on Kindle readers and is not available for Kindle on Windows devices.  So, the &#34;Print + Kindle&#34; means Print + some device other than Kindle.  Be warned and I should have seen this in some of the other reviews before wasting my time ordering it and then having to cancel it.
I subscribe to many outdoor themed magazines and have to say that I have never seen a magazine take such a dive in quality as quickly and drastically as this.  Gone are the great tales of survival and adventure (except in one issue per year).  Instead the magazine is filled with dozens of glossy photos of males modeling overpriced clothing.  Add to this the sheer volume of advertisements and you have very little left for stories or expeditions.  Most of the travel notes are for places that cost terribly much money and would be better represented in Conde Naste or National Geographic Traveler.For true outdoor enthusiasts I recommend Runners World (it is geared towards running but does feature some great product reviews), Trail Running, and National Geographic Adventure.  Outside magazine is obviously a marketing outlet and I am sure they make big income from the obviously biased product reviews and destination write ups.  I understand this is how the world works... but I will find other sources for my outdoor fix... such as actually going outdoors.  This is not the magazine for true outdoor enthusiasts, but for those who want to dream about buying the gear and never actually using it.Update:So I'm not on an auto renewal plan or anything, but I have been getting this magazine for about 3 years now... and it's followed me to my new apartment without me submitting a new address! (Seriously, they are printing my new address - not the post office stickers!).  I think that maybe because I don't really want the magazine, some karmic force out there is punishing me with free issues!  At least my apartment workout room is getting some literature, because it goes from my mailbox, right into the magazine holder there.
So I ordered in March and they tell me I won't receive the magazine until June!  I thought in the age of information and technology, my order would pass on through.  Instead its some sort of mule carrying my request to the subscription center.  Then they have to hand-write my address on each magazine cover... note sarcasm.I can download mp3s and buy an album on the spot, but I can't get a magazine at my door for 3 months?Get it together!!  Don't buy it from Amazon!
Although I understand the reason I have yet to receive the magazine it is still rather irritating.
... or any other corporatized magazine.  I've read Outside for several years now, and it's become just another glorified catalog to sell stuff with shallow writing: e.g. best Tequilas in Mexico, etc, etc.  I used to enjoy this magazine when it contained incisive writing from John Krakauer and others, and it was about the outdoors.  Now it's basically corporate drivel.  If I covered the title it could be Men's Journal or any such mag.  I imagine that these editors must go from place to place taking their homogeneity and dull corporate editorial skills with them.  This will be the last year that I read it.
I read the magazine about 10 years ago, it was an informative magazine. However it was then! Inside the magazine, it would show you gears with their prices, but it was arranged to a point that I can barely read. Most of the stories have no substance at all, I would be OK with it if I was reading "Intouch".Honestly, I thought Outside would be a outdoor (healthy magazine that the whole family can read) magazine and I was hoping my elementary son could read it too. But this magazine usually shows those outsiders with no top and flexing muscles. There was even an ad for 5 finger shoes which a man and a female posted naked and only covered their private parts with the 5 finger shoes. The current issue (Dec/ 2011) cover shows a tanned Abercrombie man (when I got the magazine from my mailbox, I thought it was some sort of X- rate magazine), I determined not to even let my son see the cover. After quickly browsed through the pages, I realized there was no worthy topic to read. Therefore, I throwed the magazine right into the trash can.Out of the 11 issues I have received, I have to say there were probably 3 issues that had a few worthy articles in it. If you are a person who fantasies a few toned muscles in a sexual way, then Outside is the magazine for you. Having said that, I still think the twice- a - year buyers guide is awesome, but the actual magazine? No Way.
What was once a top notch outdoor magazine with Krakauer and Hampton Sides(where did ya go), the magazine has seemed to be hijacked by left wing ideologues who constantly hammer their propaganda. Every single issue has some BS story about global warming...uh I mean climate change. They seem to cater to the DWL DINK types who have gobs of money to spend on overpriced gear. Not all of your readership is loaded and can afford 3,000 dollar watches.They also jumped on the bash whitey wagon with a recent article titled, "Are the outdoors too white?" The implication being that something that's too white is a really bad thing. In the article they had whine-ority after whine-ority complain that, you guessed it, white people weren't doing enough to help out non whites.The magazine needs to go back to it's roots and put out fantastic articles like the Dave Shaw diving accident, the recent freediving article was really good, and a heart wrenching article about the Sespi creek tragedy. This is what Outside needs more of. The Lab rat and Bodywork articles were good too. More Outside, less BS fluff for rich folks.
"Outside" is...a horrible magazine.  There's not a nicer way to put it.  This is no longer the magazine of Jon Krakauer, it's something you get a year's subscription for free by buying at certain retailers.  The articles are scarce between endless mentions of expensive gear and tips and tricks that are blindingly obvious.  The magazine isn't even about being outside.  For Olympic coverage the magazine did not cover the Jamacian sprinters, implosion of US track and field, or even the effect of Title IX on American amateur sports.  No, "Outside" put Michael Phelps on the cover, several months late.  Phelps equipment and environment are engineered to 3 decimal places and his sport doesn't even take place outside.  Slight oversight there guys.  This magazine is for people that want to look like they might go outside.  So if you really want $100 t-shirts or bicycle wheels made of the latest version of Unobtainum to show off you might enjoy "Outside".  Everyone else should just stick with the latest REI catalog.
I subscribed to Outside when it first appeared many years ago. The writing was superb. The magazine truly covered the outside. Jon Krakauer's writing was top-notch and I really enjoyed David Quammen's informative "Natural Acts" articles. Then there was the monthly guide to what was happening in the night sky (meteor showers, lunar eclipses, etc.). It was an intelligent publication. Now? It's nothing but a place for gritty macho boys to show off, and for manufacturers of macho fossil-fuel-hogging motorized toys. The only time women are featured in this magazine now is when they're half- or less- dressed. It's sexist, it's superficial, and it's crap. I don't know why they changed the format, but it was definitely for the worst. I dropped my subscription back in the '90s and haven't been back since and have no desire to ever again subscribe to this cheapened version of what was once a great magazine. If I could give it no stars, I would!
So I was looking for "something new" and saw this at my local outdoor store, so I thought I'd grab the last two issues and give it a try.  FAIL!!!!  The text is so small that I needed a magnifying glass, and most of that is because the ads on each page are so big.  It was constantly hard to tell, am I reading an actual article, or is this a paid ad?  What am I looking at, oh, well, it's fine print, it must be an ad, but wait the next page is a continuation?  Well let me try to see where the article starts.  Couldn't figure out where it starts and where it ends.  I know there were some product reviews and I enjoy those, but again, they were so heavy with the ad pages, it was hard to disseminate what was an actual user review, vs. a paid ad.Very overwhelming with the amount of content on each page.  So much so, I just kept flipping.  Can't say I'll be subscribing to this rag anytime soon.
This used to be my favorite magazine, but now it's just ad after ad after ad.  I go outside to get away from it all, and I like to read about climbing, biking, hiking, etc., when I have to be inside.  All the ads drain the joy from me.
This was for many years the best outdoor and travel magazine available. Sadly it has lost it's direction, the content is now very variable and in my opinion frequently has hidden left wing political messages. I think that the Editorial Board should take responsibility for the demise of a great magazine and resign. Finally given the change in content Outside needs to be renamed "Couch Potato"