I'm not giving the low rating to Reason Magazine, which I would give 5 stars. I did not receive kindle version.
I wanted to find a magazine that would give logical and sound libertarian analyses on our country's issues. As a left-leaning libertarian, I often find myself agreeing with some of the logic of libertarianism but find it often not very practical. I didn't expect this magazine to be very different; but at the very least I was hoping that its analyses would be firmly in the vein of libertarian thought, perhaps in the style of Judge Andrew Napolitano, without succumbing to the foolish politics of the day.Unfortunately, I was wrong.This magazine frequently devolves into popular partisan themes and arguments that really don't hold up. For example, there is a lot of TSA bashing; blindly favoring economic libertarianism over environmental issues (as opposed to accepting climate science and finding a libertarian solution); pro-life stances; lazy over-simplified conservative arguments (unions hinder motivation of people)... so on and so forth.I could accept the conservative-libertarian columns of the magazine if it was balanced with some left-leaning libertarian columns. but it doesnt even do that.In the end, this is just a conservative magazine that utilizes some libertarian arguments to justify the standard conservative platform. its not about thought, not about searching for the truth, and certainly not about reason....
Interview is definitely a different type of magazine for me- someone who usually reads business and travel mags- and it's not quite what I expected. With a title like "Interview" I read my first copy of this magazine anticipating pages and pages of nothing but interviews. It turns out that interviewing is the main focus of the magazine, but it's not the only one. There is substantial space given to fashion, movies, and other areas, too. Some of these columns are worth an occasional look, but they failed to grab my attention. The writers seem to play it safe, and that includes the interview section. They don't ask many daring or controversial questions. They keep it simple, asking questions about an entertainer's latest album or movie, without delving much into their personal lives.Interview has many general annoyances. My greatest complaint is the advertising and the arrangement of the contents. About half of the pages in each issue are covered with ads, with fashion, liquor, beer, and hair care items providing the bulk of the advertising revenue. The ads are everywhere, with the majority in the front pages of each issue. The table of contents is buried, and I find this very frustrating. The contents starts with the interviews for that specific issue on one page, then a few pages later, proceeds to the remainder of the contents, which is the regular monthly features. What's annoying is that you have to search for the table of contents. It varies from one issue to the next, falling somewhere in the first half.Interview also varies greatly in length. Some issues are as short as 80 pages while others are more than 200 pages long. The shorter issues use staples for binding while the longer issues are bound in a more professional way, minus any metal.This magazine centers on entertainers, fashion, music, and the like. You won't find any interviews with politicians, businessmen, etc. Interview sticks strictly to entertainers, and that includes the regular monthly columns. You won't find a column about the business side of the music industry or film industry. You will find only articles about the stars themselves.Interview's only saving grace is the photography. It would make a nice gift for those who enjoy fashion and who like looking at pages and pages of men and women modeling fancy clothing. But in many ways, the photos are overemphasized and there isn't enough substance to the magazine. The articles are very shallow with more eye candy than reading material.Overall, Interview is sloppy and cluttered with too many ads to make it worthwhile reading material. My subscription was free, and I'm thankful that it was. Besides a few nice photos for clothing, there isn't much to make this magazine worth the cost.
I subscribed in 2009 - got two issues, then nothing since the October/November issue....I inquired with customer service and got this reply:"We have extended your account for the December/January 2010 issue notreceived.We've experienced some significant production delays which have impactedour publishing schedule. The February, March and April issues will bemailed shortly.We apologize for the delays."It seems almost pointless to subscribe... which is terrible because I love this magazine..
I subscibe to this magazine.  Will not renew it either!  Maybe I am too old to appreciate this periodical.  It is way overpriced even with the Amazom, and others discount.
I ordered this subscription in December (in time for snowmobile season). I was told I would not see a magazine until April. Makes no sense to me. Why do i want to read about snowmobiles after winter is over ?
I'm a HD rider and this is really not defined to that manufactor.  I skim though it every month but I won't subscribe again.
You need to pay attention to the date that is says they will start delivering. I bought this as a gift, but it's one that won't start giving until MONTHS later.
I have subsribed to all the r/c mags for some time.This mag has become a glorified catalog for the adertizers.it used to be a real good mag once.
Great mag but the new pricing is a bit much considering they make a bundle on advertizing, especially from Traxxus!
The magazine is among the best out there, with articles and exercises for all levels. The subscription department however pushes the website and regardless of who I wrote my issue remains unresolved. It is sad such a great mag brought down by one department. I will continue to pickup the occasional newstand copies, but am tired of trying to resolve my renewal issue to an unresponsive magazine. Why they think I want to spend my spare time on the computer instead practicing the guitar is beyond me.
Acoustic Guitar magazine is O.K.  It'll give you a few pages of musical ideas and accompanying tab to try.  I subscribed for a year (I've been playing acoustic for 4 years) before I let my subscription lapse.Why did I let it lapse?  Well, for starters, the lack of a good digital edition was a factor.  But more important, like all publications, Acoustic Guitar depends on advertisers for its existence.  Naturally, it features reviews of guitars, accessories, electronics, etc., in every issue.  But, unlike in more reputable publications, these reviews are worthless, because they are always good reviews!  Every guitar has a nice warm sound.  Every accessory would be a great Christmas gift.  Can you imagine if movie reviews were written this way (focusing only on the good things, and ignoring the problems?)  Ebert would be giving every movie two thumbs up.  Or, if Consumer Reports rating every product the same (everything is an Editors' Choice!).The bottom line: Acoustic Guitar Magazine is a shill for its advertisers, plain and simple.(This problem seems pervasive in the music  world.  While Amazon is great and allows negative reviews, other online music stores don't allow negative reviews.)
Different levels -- please!  Should be "pay one price" get everything with one internet link for all enhancements. I'd like to see more learning material and less selling. Too pricey at $39/12
I've been getting AG for over a year now and look forward to its arrival each month. The editors are constantly improving and tuning the mag. A recent addition is the weekly workout series by Scott Nygaard. Most of the interviews, product reviews and articles are sync'd to videos accessible to readers on their site. A good magazine that will only get better. 5 stars!Update: Originally I was given access to their website to reference articles found in the mag...HOWEVER...that facet has been removed and I guess you now also have to subscribe to the website as well. I can appreciate how tough it must be running a successful mag...but screwing your readers is too much. I downgrade the mag to 2 stars.
While I love the magazine, I have had problems getting the issues delivered. This has also happened when I tried to subscribe by phone and over the Internet. They can't seem to get it right.When a customer WANTS to pay, why make it difficult for him? And since I DID pay a subscription..., why am I still having trouble getting all the issues? Customer service is NOT a phrase in their vocabulary.
I took this magazine using a card that gave me 15 issues for15 dollars. Seemed like a good deal. However, I am very disappointedin the content of this magazine and will not renew. All the instrumentreviews praise every instrument they cover. I went to a guitar storeand tried out a couple of them and was very disappointed with some oftheir selections. They were pure junk. With that in mind, I have no confidence in their reviews and their magazine. I receive the issues1-2 months before the cover date. That's OK but the web links to thelistening clips are not active at that time. By the time the cover datecomes around I have moved on. Don't waste your money on this magazine.
In my opinion, this magazine used to be better than it is now.I stopped subscribing when it got to the point that the great majority of articles were clearly written for rank beginners and very repetitive of other articles in recent issues. I don't need to read yet another article on how to take care of guppies or explaining what a barb is.Also, as with most hobby magazines, there isn't much copy editing or fact-checking.Another beef I have about this and most other aquarium mags is that a large proportion of the articles are about tropical reef organisms and reef aquarium issues, when keepers of reef or other marine tanks are only a small percentage of aquarists. They, and we, would be better served by moving this material to specialized salt-water publications.On the other hand, Aquarium Fish does still have some good writers on certain topics. You just have to wade through a lot of repetition of basic information to find them.
My biggest problem with the publication is that it is overly focused on kids.  Letters often include 10 year olds proclaiming their 5+ year fish keeping careers asking questions that are stricly beginner fodder.  Aside from the occasional article on a newly identified species, the rest is info you can just get on line.  Let me save you some money....In a year the magazine largely covered the following:  make sure you know about the fish you are buying before you buy them, make sure you have the right parameters in the tank, and make sure you have compatible tankmates.
I ordered this magazine on a $5.00 per year Amazon special and still thought about cancelling it...but in fairness, or ordered it for the pictures not the articles and the picture quality is very poor.
It should be called "Digest for Decorators with Unlimited Budgets."  Once a year there is an "architecture" issue, and there might be one article in other issues with architecture as the subject.  If you really want something about architecture, you cannot go wrong with Architectural RECORD.
I&#8217;ve subscribed to Architectural Digest before, and since I am considering building a house in the near future, thought I would do so again, hoping against hope for some good ideas. Instead, I get 60 pages of ads and few designs that make me stop for even half a second.If the ads were for home products, I might actually give the product a better review, as ides are the reason I buy the magazine. However, instead I am bombarded with liquor and car ads, or a small add for yet another Viking range (with no context).So, as I did before, I flip through the magazine in 5 minutes, tear out the one or two pictures that captures my attention and recycle the rest of the magazine.Save your money.
I ordered this magazine as a gift for someone, and when the first issue arrived, it came to my house (the billing address) instead of the gift recipient's address. When I called Architectural Digest to have the delivery address changed, they told me that they will not process Amazon orders as gift subscriptions and, in order to have the delivery name and address changed, they would have to suspend the subscription and create a new gift order that would result in issues being delayed or left out.I have no complaints about the publication, and I have no complaints about Amazon's order processing in general, but I caution you not to purchase this magazine as a gift without verifying that the intended recipient will actually receive the magazines.
'Architectural Digest' has changed over the years to become fussier and more lifestyle oriented than substantial architecture and design commentary. I still have a subscription, but intend to allow it to lapse when it expires for three primary reasons:1) The magazine is huge and cumbersome, largely due to the massive quantity of advertisements;2) The magazine exclusively highlights gazillion dollar homes, that only are a factor for celebrities;3) Stylistically, the magazine seems stuck in a rut of cluttered end tables and credenzas, overstuffed pillows, and no space on a wall unoccupied by a huge, gold, gilded framed picture from eighteenth century France.I don't like clutter, and I don't like being ornate to make a house look rich. That's why I no longer think this is a magazine that I really need. For me I will read 'Architecture' for serious architectural commentary, and 'Dwell' for reasonable (and financially attainable) interior design commentary. Thanks, but no thanks.
Once upon a time, what you saw in AD was what you might one day be able to do yourself.  It was about tasteful, even higher end, but it was obtainable.  Now it's about the houses and interiors that even the more successful of us out there will never be able to attain.  Please quit touring the houses of the celebrities, the rich and famous, and instead go back to the days of those who were once like the rest of us.  In short, go back to when the stuff we saw in AD gave us ideas for our own dream houses.  Now you are the tasteful "home" equivalent of People Magazine...
I have subscribed to AD a few times over the years, but got tired of the adds and looking at how the super wealthy lives and their homes. I love to look at decor magazines to get ideas, but in this there are none whatsoever. I also dislike their front cover showing some celebrity, I would rather have a picture of interior or house on it like they used to have. Unlike many others I couldn't care less about how the famous people lives. Veranda, Traditional Homes, Elle Decor & House Beautiful gives more ideas if you are into decorating, and I love these mags. It would still be nice if they came out with a decor magazine that "average" people can get ideas from as well, giving ideas on painting (colors) your home and affordable fabrics etc. Just my two-cents!
I got this magazine either for free or cheap from an Amazon promotion. I decided after about 8 months that I didn't want it auto renewed which was my choice to make. After written cancellation didn't work and cancellation through my Amazon account didn't work,(3 times I tried)I contacted customer service and Amazon took care of it. I do not recommend this magazine just on that experience. Also, the magazine is about one half the size it was several years ago.
This magazine, Artforum International and Art in America are all higher on the amazon.com site than on their respective web sites. Super-natural coincidence, or profit-taking?Beware ArtNews web price, too - in the magazine, they are charging 19.98 for 11 issues, but not on the web.Michael Hawk[...]
Your money is better spent on new strings and hanging at Talkbass than on this. Signed up for a year for $12.00 as a promotion in 2012....took 4 months to get first magazine, then they missed a few more, called repeated and was told over and over the missing ones were coming and they never came (I was told the first missing one would arrive in 6-8 weeks....I got that one after I received THE NEXT 2 monthly issues....unacceptable) . In the end I would up with 9 out of 123 issues and told them I would NEVER renew again. They offered me a free extension and discount, but I refused.The magazine itself is slick, but really thin and mostly full of ads so if you want substance, you are out of luck. The tabs are nice but dont really interest me. Magazine seems mostly geared toward either Jazz or Heavy Metal (dont get me wrong, I have no problems with either, but I really dont see much diversity with the few articles that have).
I used to love this magazine for the decorating ideas, but have since canceled my subscription.  There is nothing but advertising for RX drugs on what seems like every other page.  Some of the ads are 2 - 3 full pages! I understand that advertising pays for the magazine, but they have gone overboard.  I used to check out their website as well and it's the worst.  Pop us ads for magazine subscriptions everywhere to the point that it's super annoying.  Bottom line is that this magazine has no meat in it anymore.  It's fat with advertising overkill, so just beware.
i am supposed to get credit for all the magazine subscriptions as the magazine came two months before i was supposed to get them
Years ago tis was a nice and good magazin. Today is not so.I do not know why is this so.
I started receiving Better Homes (BH) last year sometime as a free subscription.  I never signed up for it or sent anything in, it just started arriving on a free trial basis for about 6 months.  BH is not something I would normally think of subscribing too, but for free, I thought why not.  However it wasn't long before the magazine would arrive in the mail and it would either be flipped through for a couple of minutes and then trashed, or just trashed outright.  It truly was that uninteresting to me. I subscribe to about 4 other magazines and this is the only one I didn't think was worth it, even for free.  The magazine is thick and heavy, but its all Ads.  I mean this magazine starts out with 20 pages of Ads before you even get to the table of contents.  The other reviewer here that talked about it being aggravating the way you have to navigate through all the ADs, cards, and other offers to find the few articles that there are is absolutely right.  A 3 page article can be spread out over a dozen pages just because of the Ads.  The price of this magazine is certainly cheap enough.  On the surface it appears a downright bargain.  But the whole saying about getting what you pay for applies here for sure.  For some folks it may still be worth it of they happen to be the type that enjoy looking at and reading a bunch of glossy Ads.  If you're one of those types,BH is right up your alley.  For the rest of us that enjoy genuine articles and less fanfare, my suggestion is pass up Better Homes...
This mag needs a new editor. I haven't seen anything interesting in Better Homes for six months. Maybe they are spread too thin with their website and contests.
When a magazine has very low cost to get started that should be a red flag! These magazines are mostly ALL advertisements! I went through and tore out all the pages that had advertisements on both sides and it took out about 3/4 of the magazine! And the rest of those pages had advertisements on one page or half the page. Big rip off and I have since switched magazines!
I'm much older than when I subscribed years ago and it seems more oriented towards the younger married women. I don't really care for it anymore. the pictures and homes shown are about out of my price range.
I subscribed to BHG from their website and ended up subscribing to an additional year.  The articles are helpful to a degree but the layout of this magazine, with its overwhelming amount of advertising, takes away from any good points.  I've found the style to be choppy and very difficult to read because of the ads.  It's hard to tell how long an article is or where it starts.  I rarely find anything I'd want to save.  Overall a disappointment.
Love the magazine, but I did not ask for an auto-renewal.  I would prefer to renew it, as I  maybe moving soon. This happened to me before on magazines that I order, there was an auto charge,and I no longer wanted those magazines.
I can't give an honest review yet, however, it has been a while since i placed my order, & i haven't received anything from anyone....... unless you count the bill, LOL!The magazine service provider seems lack promptness... or, who knows, they may have went under in this economy!Looking forward to getting the BIRDTALK magazine, when & if it should ever arrive!
I used  to get this magazine in the 80's 90's and found it very interesting but since the advent of the internet where you can find anything about anything you want, todays Bird Talk has nothing more than anecdotal stories for 9 year olds and a lot of advertising. Too Bad! I wish I had my old collection from 18 years ago. Reading current issue's is like reading Ranger Rick! I havent found anything really usefull and I could read the whole mag in 5 minutes. It was a waste of money.
Even though they have some interesting articles, this magazine is mostly advertisements. I have to say I have been disappointed with the content.Think of it this way. Most of the information in this magazine can be found for free on the internet. You can even find the same content on Maximum PC's website. So what are you really getting for your subscription fee? Chances are if you are thinking about getting this magazine you already have a smartphone, tablet pc, or other device that will let you read the website for free.The other thing to think about is that the information you are reading in this months magazine is more than a month old. For example, in this month's issue they were raving about the Intel's Sandy Bridge chipset. Last month this was important information. However, today it is more important that Intel just announced flaws in the Sandy Bridge chipset and has issued a recall.Finally, many of the gear review articles have a flavor to them that seem like they are just paid puff pieces from the manufacturer. I just can't believe that almost everything they review is the next best thing.Maybe I'm just a cynic because I used to work in the journalism industry, but when my subscription runs out I'm done. I'll just stick to the web for my gear reviews and news.
I didn't receive a full year.  I only receive the magazine twice.  It's a good magazine, I just didn't receive it as promised.
I was hoping for more technical than what was there. it seems to be more like &#34;look how cool this is&#34; than a technical publication. It's like sport compact car, but for computers.
Most of this Mag is about building a computer . How many people build their own computer today. The buys today are so cheap .Most people could not even start to build their own computer. How about articles on how USE a computer???
I ordered this hoping to learn more about the latest gadgets, and I did learn some things but in over my head over all.  I do not enjoy this reading at all.
I only received one copy of the mag so I couldn't really find out if it was good reading or not
I got this as a Deal of the Day, without having opened an issue in a decade or more.  This is the same mag in name only.This has become a mag for gamers through and through.  I would suggest going and taking a look in a store before buying this online.  I would cancel it if I had a chance of getting my money back.Update:  The issues have become slightly more inclusive lately, with an article or two per issue not intended for the gaming community (i.e. utility programs) but most of the issues are still geared towards gaming hardware or how announced but not released tech might affect gaming 'rigs'.
This mag is for people who think they are computer experts because they can change out a video card or follow directions on changing an OS setting.Shallow coverage, and some of the lamest humor you will ever come across.It is nothing more then a rehash of what is freely and easily available on the internet. There is nothing original in this mag, ever. Also it tends to copy and paste much of the issue from 12 months earlier. All the main articles are nearly the same every 12 months. Don't believe me? Take two magazines that are 12 months apart and compare them.The reviews are also weak. nearly every month you will see: THE FASTEST SYSTEM WE EVER TESTED!!!!! YAAAAAWWWWWWNNNNN. Who cares? Anyone who knows even the slightest about computers knows that speed is not the most important attribute, even for gamers. Besides, does it really matter that system y is .00005% faster on their poor testing system then computer z?The second star is for Mr Halfhills column. It is the only part that is consistantly interesting and the only person there with real technical know-how.Read toms hardware and whatever tech news you want, learn how to use search engines, and skip this pointless mag.
I should have read the reviews before subscribing through Amazon. I've subscribed to this mag in the past and enjoyed the free programs it included every month on a disc. This subscription doesn't include the CD/DVD so it greatly lessens the value to me.
I read this magazine from cover to cover.  It is probably a great magazine for very advanced, technical computer users or installers.  I have been using computers at home for over 15 years, understand most of the installed programs and fix most of the problems that pop up.  I find that this magazine is way too technical for the average user and that most articles are slanted to encourage buying, not using a computer.  When I subscribed, I was hoping it would be as helpful as the old "Smart Computing" magazines were. There's not very many people I would give this to as a gift, or even give my old issues. I will not be renewing my subscription unless the writers come down out of their clouds and whip out some articles that will help the average home computer user.
It took several months to get the first issue and then the subscription tells me it would end after only 8 months. Supposed to get 12 months. Perhaps I had bad luck with this and this is not the end of the world, but buyer beware.  If I had to do it again I would subscribe directly to the magazine.
Written for former frat boys and sorority girls in Beantown who still live in the "pack" and can't think outside of it.  The ads for kids jewelry and diamond encrusted false eyelashes are vomit inducing.  A must for the pretentious set who need a glossy mag to find their second home and the latest places to be seen.  Interesting anthropological study for the rest of us.
I do live in Chicago, so my viewpoint may be different than that of someone who doesn't live here and probably only comes here once a month.I subscribed to this magazine 2 years ago, before the Tribune Co. bought it. It had several great articles each month and was really relevant not only to people living in Chicago, but to those who had just moved here. I still have several of those because they were so good to have.Some of my favorite, and headlining, articles include: Chicago's Best New Restaurants (May 2001), Chicago's Guide to Summer (May 2001), 25 Weekend Getaways (June 2001), Guide to Surviving O'Hare (Feb. 2001)When I resubscribed 6 months ago (post Tribune buy out) I started to notice it was catering to a different set of people. It now at least seems to have a lot less articles and they are a lot more relevant to people who live in the suburbs, or are Chicago old-money. Definitely catering to the 50+ crowd now.From the Jan. 2003 edition: Chicago's top doctors, From the Dec. 2002 edition: The Most expensive things in town, and Look at this month's highlight 'Chicago's Richest people'.. Why do I care? I don't!!I will NOT be renewing my subscription to this formerly good magazine.
We have been getting Consumer Reports for years and bought multiple year subscriptions.  Last year, my eyes were opened by a totally biased article against Vitamins and supplements.  Over the last few years I had wondered about some of the ratings on electronics and cars- but the vitamin article did it. I will never trust them again!!!!!!!!!The reason for the two stars is that Amazon won't let you give scathing reviews, but this is warranted.  Thousands of studies have been buried from the 1920's to 1950's stating that vitamins build your immune system and protect you from serious diseases (heart, diabetes and cancer). Expensive urine-bull, not effective, read the comments about supplements sold here on Amazon (and I've bought plenty).  Sickness is a humongous money maker, wellness a small one.  As they say follow the money-who funded that article on Consumer Report? And can you trust that they are unbiased? Their revenues are sliding and with these kinds of reports it's no wonder.  Buyer Beware!
CR presents articles, such as May'14 2013, p 44, on &#34;Survive your stay in the hospital,&#34; where they reference their ratings of hospitals, and give a link to their website to get the full report.  But the website has a separate subscription fee, not mentioned in the article.This is a little like buying a camera or a car, then finding out you must pay an additional fee to get a copy of the owners manual, something that CR would take any reviewed product to task on.  In effect the &#34;article&#34; is an advertisement, not a report.CR should be taken lightly.  They may not be &#34;paid&#34; for their reviews, but they clearly put their particular spin on them.
The down side to buying from Amazon when it comes to this items is that you can't seem to gain access to the CS website.  That might just be a hang up on CS's end, but it really annoyed me.  Figured that out pretty fast and tried to cancel the order, but Amazon wouldn't let me... Boo!
Does CR even read consumer reviews of products they recommend?Does CR ever apologize for recommending lemons to the consumer?Does CR keep track of bad recommendations and correct it's testing methods so they don't happen again?!I used Consumer Reports to pick out a good Washing Machine (Whirlpool Cabrio) only to be plagued by insufficient water levels, horribly disfigured clothing, bad controller board, and now a failing bearing assembly! I must have gotten a bad one I thought until I read the reviews here on Amazon. 100's of "consumers" WITH THE SAME ISSUES.I checked to see what they recommended this year and there top 3 recommendations are all LG.  I entered the "CR Best Buys" model numbers into Amazon to find out what the actual consumer is saying about the product. Should I be shocked to fine 2-3* ratings for each one? I will not be fooled twice CR!Thank you Amazon for replacing Consumer Reports with actual real world reviews of products from the consumers themselves.2 Stars because CR is still a decent magazine to find out about new products.
Consumer reports continues to try to get me to renew my subscription even though I renewed through Amazon.  The magazine's most recent direct renewal offer was $9.00 less than what I paid Amazon
It seems a bit outdated and out-of-touch, if you ask me. They seem to come out with sensational claims about iPads overheating and iPhones with antenna issues, but they really seem to be blowing things out of proportion instead of helping consumers. FOr example, the iPad temperature sounds hot the way they report it, but it actually seems much cooler than a lot of laptops.
Been a subscriber for years, but have allowed to lapse:  In one issue, they tested kitchen faucets.  But they did not, claiming they bought a variety of brands, and found little difference between them.  "Just be sure the one you buy uses a ceramic cartridge."  Two problems:  they are not all alike.  The better ones are far better made and will last much longer.  You will not find some of the (cheaper) ones being used commercially.  They simply do not have the longevity.  Ah, you think, my use is simply residential.  However, the purchase price is not that much different, and installation is a major expense, whether you pay for it or install yourself.  Regarding the ceramic cartridge, several brands do not use ceramic, but, a plastic.  I have seen these use commercially, heavily.  CU's comment of get ceramic only is simply incorrect.  However, all manufacturers' are moving to ceramic due to the government claiming that there is potentially a problem with plastics.  CU's statement, promoting ceramic, is part of CU's increasing political activity.  Remember, I have been a subscriber for a significant number of years.Each issue has one page titled "Selling It."  Here they describe "the excesses of the marketplace."  It is intended to be both informative and entertaining.  Some of those "excesses" are practiced by CU!  Note the comments of other postings regarding subscribing.  Also describes CU.  They condemn others but not themselves.  Furthermore, the "Buying Guide," an annual booklet, has thinned to about 1/4 of what it had been just 5 years ago.  Its usefulness has much diminished. CU should include itself in "Selling It."  Their heavily promoted one-year automatic renewal is significantly the most expensive subscription expense for the buyer.  But the best deal for CU.  I thought CU was to help the consumer in both quality and cost.  Obviously, that depends on the Piper.  To me, this sort of double-think casts doubt on the reporting.CU claims it is unbiased.  To be a Board member you cannot be associated with any industry to maintain that "none-bias."  Hence, the Board is entirely from the academic world. Or political. That, in itself, is a bias.  Additionally, in the past 5 years or so, the nomination and election of Board members has changed so that the present Board is self-perpetuating.  CU claims it buys what it tests as a consumer.  That part seems fair enough, but sometimes I wonder how they came to select the products they do buy.  CU is located near NYC.Ah, the index.  That has become a source of frustration.  They were very good at indexing, both within the issue and including the past year, each issue.  Now split, incomplete, or questionable headings.  This the trend of "fashion-following" publications rather that of a reference publication.The Last Observation:  CU was _The Consumer_ Periodical following the principles of the first consumer product evaluation publication, "Consumer Reports."  With the demise of that first such periodical, CU has assumed the CR title, and has drifted away from a close self-discipline organization and has become more trendy, and has moved into political activism.Enough; just a few odd reasons to give CU or CR, or who ever, a weak 2 star rating.  We get more information from the ratings and comments given in the product descriptions, as here in Amazon.  Hope you got something from this ranting.  Cheers.
I was under the impression this subscription would include  access to the Consumer Reports. org,  online service.  Not so.  CR's preoccupation with cars is the reason I stopped subscribing to it years ago.  I am what might be called a car enthusiast  and subscribe to enough authentic car mags  now that I don't need another one, better suited to judging the relative merits of  peanut butter and vacuum cleaners.  Please do not automatically renew this subscription.  I will pay for this one,  but  that's all.  Thanks for listening.
I am a longtime subscriber to Consumer Reports and I also subscribe to the website and also to the online consumer reports health. This adds up to quite a few $ per year and I feel I deserve all their content. Recently I have received a direct mail ad for OnHealth, which is a print product. The ad shouts the tabloid glaring headlines we associate with sleazy operations. It is also impossible to tell the relation to the online health site; is it the same content? And if not, why is significant health information being witheld from my $19/year online subscription?CU used to be a quiet and conservative organization. A few years ago they took on some marketing advice and became much more aggressive about selling their content six ways from Sunday. I am a supporter of the mission of CU and understand they need to seek revenues. But I am dismayed by the loud, vulgar advertising and the attempts to sell overlapping content. They have become a little too much like all the quick-buck companies they criticize.
Lots of lovely photos, great ideas, deco tips and food.
Country Living has changed to the point where after all of these years, I not going to re-new my subscription.
I had been a subscriber to Country Living for many years and used to love it. The older issues of Country Living were authentically country. Now, they might as well call the magazine Country Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous because those seem to be the only kinds of homes and people they feature. If that's the kind of stuff you like it's great but it's not me, which is why I canceled my subscription. If they ever bring the old Country Living back I'll renew.
I've been a CL subscriber for 25 years and am so disappointed how this publication has gone downhill in recent years.Starting with the oversized edition change a few years ago, it is floppy and cheap paper stock. Either lame or outlandish ideas, the content is terrible. I used to really look forward to the Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas issues but now there is little to them. Needless to say I did not renew for the upcoming year.
I was looking for ideas for my own home not other homes in this magazine. I live in a rural area and would like to find items for that kind of area.
I have a print subscription to Country Living and enjoy it very much. When I tried to subscribe to the Kindle edition Amazon created a new print subscription. I alerted them about this problem when I began receiving two print editions each month last month. This month the same thing happened. I tried to cancel the Amazon subscription to no avail. I will never order another periodical from Amazon. Most print subscribers can view the kindle edition at no cost.
When I first got an email telling me my auto-renewal was ready, it said the price would be $8. But when I committed, it said the price was $12. Kindof a ripoff.
I used to love Country Living when it had content relative to "country living".  Now it is so full of ads and minimal content, I can read anything relative while waiting in the check out line at the grocery store.
Like all the rest of these mags, the goal here is to create buzz so you &#34;gotta have&#34; the stuff they feature. Beautiful makeover feature? Honey, let's re-do the bathroom in these chic new colors. Garden much? Buy these new improved seeds and plant varieties. It's all so formulaic, and it goes on month after month.Why do I subscribe to these things? Well, they are often offered for $5 per year in late winter, and I am ever hopeful for actual content. In the end I can donate them, or trade for quilt mags.
I have been a long time subscriber to Country Living but the magazine has changed to the point that I no longer recognize it.  I always looked forward to the beautiful pages showing homes decorated in "country" fashion.  I know that the country look is not as it once was but neither should the magazine take on the modern look it now has.
Country living used to be my favorite magazine like 3 years ago.  However, a new editor came in and a lot of the things i loved about the magazine changed.  The plant, craft, farm, food, and garden sections were significantly reduced.  The articles were drastically reduced in length or complexity.  The recipes were not as basic or simple (I really wanted to learn how to cook staple/traditional items).  The style, room decor, and decorations are now a bit on the extreme side.  Walls covered in rakes or keys, entire houses only in neutral colors, and found objects everywhere that should have been tossed years ago.  I am very much into recycling, but just because you recycle does not mean your items need to look like they were damaged, broken, or pulled out of the local dump.  Seriously, this magazine is no longer inspirational to me in any way and I will not be renewing it.  If i am only keeping an article on how to train a cat to be on a leash... or a random picture of a pretty flower... its time to say good bye to the subscription.
Too many ads...and like the morning news, most events and activities promoted by the editors are on/near the East Coast. Will not be renewing this subscription.
Would no longer recommend. Used to be geared ot living in the country with fixing tips, recipies, life in small towns, quaint stories about children growing up, beautiful scenery, , now seems at decorating your home with stuff you find at garage sales or where to buy (outlandishly priced, in my opinion) items you woudl find in farmhouses or rural settings years ago. Kind of like the difference between growing up in the country and going to a dude ranch for a weekend.
There are a whole slew of men's interests magazines. Thereare the industry standards like Esquire (quite possibly the best magazine out there) and GQ. There's the more risque like Maxim or even the low-brow Stuff, worth getting. Then there are those that fall somewhere in the middle, like FHM and Details. Even without seeing magazines like Esquire or Maxim, you can see that Details falls short. It's a glossy magazine that usually has pretty good covers, but that's where the excellence stops. The articles are generally substandard. They are usually poorly written or can't seem to get the facts straight. Their only saving grace is that they are so short (which is a problem when you run across the occasionally well-done, interesting article). And Details is not a magazine that seems to have its hand on thepulse of the nation. More often than not, you skim through, looking for something interesting to read, and close it finding none. And in a men's interest/fashion magazine, nothing is more important than the photos. Unfortunately they are not that great. The photo spreads are way too short. But since the photographers have taken amatuerish or just poorly donephotographs, it actually works out. Basically what you have withDetails is a magazine that wants to be one of the big boys, but hasn't found a way to get there. You'd do better spending your money on an Esquire subscription.
There are lots of attractive males in this magazine that are usually wearing nice clothes. And there are some interesting articles once in a while. But the advertisements are aplenty. Even more than some gaming magazines!That's all you see every 2 pages or so!That gets boring after a while...Good thing I didn't pay for this subscription. :^D2 stars.end note: the title to this review kinda copies a song by Fefe Dobson. :^-D
I used to subscribe to Details many years ago...before the days of Maxim and FHM.  It used to be a decent magazine.  I guess after being a subscriber of Maxim for many years I am biased now.
I got this subscription free as part of an Amazon promotion, and now realize I would not subscribe to Details if I had to pay for it.  BUT, if you're looking for a lot of nicely-photographed ads, some nice (airbrushed and Photoshopped) pics of celebrities and models, and quick-to-read articles that lack any real depth, this is your mag!  But why would you pay for it?  You can see all of this online at dozens of websites for free.  While I still love holding and reading a great magazine with terrific photography, in this case I vote for "Save a Tree."
I recently got this subscription for free because of my GQ subscription.  I'm not a big fan of this magazine - it seems to be entirely made up of ads for high-end fashion with few substantive articles or anything really worth my time.  If I ever want to look at pictures of clothes I definately can't afford, I'll flip through "Details".
I bought a subscription to this magazine because it was a bargain and the covers always are eye-appealing and intriguing. However, I am disappointed with the magazine itself, now that I have been receiving it for about six months. As some of the other reviewers have noted, a huge portion of the magazine is taken up with glossy advertising, most of which is for clothing that only investment bankers or movie stars are likely to purchase. I like clothes, but it would be nice to see clothing lines other than couture advertised. More disturbingly, the magazine seems to have a split personality in its approach to masculinity. Many articles are written from the viewpoint of the stereotypical uber-masculine American male, with lots of references to heterosexual relationships, and other "guy stuff." Yet other articles come off as attempting to be from a gay-friendly viewpoint. I prefer the latter, but I don't see the point in having gay-friendly material when the rest of the magazine is trying to be a go-to guide for red-blooded males. I guess I don't fully "get" the editorial viewpoint that Details (purports to be) espousing. Consequently, I won't be ordering another subscription.
Not that great of a magazine.  I picked it up for $5 over xmas 2011 and will not be renewing at the end of the subscription.  The magazine is 3/4 advertisements and the articles when you can find them are poorly written, bland, and pointless.  I've seen better writing in Highlights for kids.  Save your money.
a couple good articles here and there, but the amount of adverisements are insurmountable, like 104 pages of ads before you even get to the "contents" page. 85% of each issue is basically ads for cologne, clothes, etc. i got a free subscription when i bought something off amazon, i will not be re-upping, not even for 8 bucks.
I remember reading Discover as a teen. So, last year when my daughter did a magazine fund raiser through school, I signed up for a year. After my first issue, I know I will not be signing up for another year.This "new" Discover reads like a tree-huggers guide to science. It has so many environmental/global warming stories that I cannot take it as an unbiased scientific magazine.You have been warned. Non-hippies need not apply.
I loved this magazine until today when I received a Discover Ultimate DVD library DVD today with an note saying I will owe them $12.95 for every DVD thereafter that they mail me or I need to return the DVD.  I HATE this type of thing!  I ordered a magazine -- nothing else. I did not ask for this. I do not want this.  I certainly am annoyed that they feel they have the right to bill me for items when it is their choice to ship them to a non-requesting customer. So, that said, the magazine itself is great, but you may want to consider reading it at a library or something if you don't want extra stuff and extra charges along with it or the burden of not junk-mail-tossing, reading letter, removing DVD from case so it will fit in return packaging (which it won't until you remove it from case) and returning items you did not ask for.  Again the magazine content is great but certainly not their other sales tactics.
I used to enjoyed Discover, but the past several months of their radicals changes, got me to think a real dumbing down.Once in awhile, they would put together a good article - but not constantly.How can we enlighten ourselves and improve our intelligence on science etc in the world stage.There are still many of us that do not want to be glued to the computer for science as we would for the tv.Discover's editorial staff ought to get their magazine back on track or the circulation and subscriber base is going to go down the tube. Thank goodness Scientific American, Astronomy, Sky and Telescope, Science News havent fallen down.I am not renewing my subscription unless Discover 'rediscovers' itself.How dumb Americans are!?
I'm retired, and refuse to give up Scientific American, which I've taken--more or less without interruption--since age 19.  DISCOVER is enjoyably written but just look at all the apologies for errors in the  next issue!  The difference is that about 85% of SciAm's articles are by real scientists & technologists reporting on their work.  In Discover, almost none are written by scientists, but by science or tech writers, whose knowledge is often superficial.It's OK for the less science-educated public--but I worked in technology most of my career, caught too many obvious errors, and won't take it again.At least the magazine isn't affiliated with that boneheaded "Discovery" channel on cable!  The magazine used to have an occasional little icon in the back pages telling people that they were not.
Recently renewed my subscription after a three year hiatus and I couldn't believe my eyes.  The magazine is a skeleton of its former self, with slim stories and little science.  Bob Guccione Jr's mag is not even that fun to read.  On the happier side, the magazine appears to shun its earlier environmental preoccupations.
I expected it to be better. I subscribed last year, looking for a good magazine for the family, and decided on Discover. There is the occasional interesting tidbit, but the issues are generally pretty lean, have few photographs, and are for the most part, boring.The latest issue with the bald, fat, naked man was just about the last straw for me and Discover magazine. I definitely will not be re-subscribing.
The web site confused me and the subscription, meant for our son, indicated that it would be sent to me. I then called Discover magazine to change the address. I could only speak my concern to a computer, but the magazine is now sent to my address.
Discover is a very successful magazine, and it acheived that success  with a formula that owes as much to the example of &quot;People&quot; magazine as it does to anything. It manages with cover all sorts of cutting edge stories without ever actually getting into the actual science involved. Instead, it concentrates on the people involved, the politics, the history... anything but the science.Here's an example: A recent issue had an interesting piece on the physics of rocks skipping... expect it wasn't on the physics of rock skipping so much as it was on a particular fellow was was the world's champion rock skipper. Yes, there *was* a formula in a side bar that purported to describe the physics of a skipping rock, and some of the terms were even defined... but there was no explanation of the formula, or even any numbers. It was simple &quot;Here's a formula. It's very impressive looking, isn't it? Now on to other things.&quot; And there was some history of how people looked at rock skipping, and even some allusions to how the physics of rock skipping had applications in understanding the physics of other phenomena. But what you couldn't find in the entire article was a single sentance that actually discussed the physics involved!So what Discovery really is, is a magazine about science and scientists that doesn't actually have any science in it. And while there's a place for that sort of thing, if you're looking for actual discussions of science and technology that are still presented in a way that the educated non-scientist can understand, you'd be far better off with New Scientist or Science Week. And if a few equations wouldn't scare you off, American Scientist.
I purchased this magazine for my husband after reading about it and deciding that if he didn't like it, I could be issued a refund for subscriptions not shipped.  I also purchased the Economist.  He thought the magazine was okay, just not interesting enough to read all the time and the Economist was taking most of his magazine reading time.  I called Discover magazine to cancel my subscription and they said that they would issue me a refund check.  I waited one month and never saw the check.  I e-mailed their customer service and they said that this amazon purchase was not eligible for refunds (even though it is clearly stated under the price).  I e-mailed back with the link and said that it was stated on amazon and that I would like my refund.  I never heard back.  I e-mailed a second time and they finally decided to issue me a refund check.  If you are thinking of trying out this magazine or purchasing it as a gift for someone and aren't positive that you want a full year subscription, buy it at the store a few times before you order it because they do not back up their cancellation policy and it is a pain to get a refund.
BEWARE of this magazine and its tricky billing/fee practices! I like the content of the magazine very much, and have held two separate subscriptions over the last ten years. In this latest subscription, the publisher has started very frustrating practices and I've been billed for things I didn't request. They automatically extended my subscription without asking me, and the onus is on the subscriber to cancel the subscription in order not to pay the fee. You get one cursory postcard telling you of this renewal. Second, I received a DVD in the mail from Discover magazine which I did not request nor was interested in. If I didn't want to keep the DVD and pay for it, Discover required that I go through a several-step procedure to send the material back. I did that but I still received a bill for $12.95 for the DVD!! Lastly, the magazine identified an address of my family member and has started to send materials to my sister -- for me, doing similar things like sending unwanted materials and then trying to bill me for it. This is completely predatory! I have an uneasy feeling that my life and wallet have been semi-hacked. I will be canceling my subscription as I don't wish to encourage such unethical business practices. I hope Discover takes the hint and stops sending me all this material.
We got a gift subscription from a friend to Handyman Magazine several years ago.  We enjoyed it somewhat, but it really was not suited to our interests.  So we let the subscription run out (this was over 5 years ago).  We still have their stupid telemarketers calling to ask us about our subscription.  I have repeatedly told them that we cancelled it and don't want it, but they call back anyway.  I'm pretty sure I already told them to put us on their do not call list, but they still call!  I just told them again.  Let's hope they listen this time.If you plan on continuously renewing your subscription, you should be ok.  But do not ever give this as a gift!
I paid for a one year subscription through a fundraiser at my son's school at the beginning of the school year. We are into the second semester of school and I've only received one magazine. On the plus side, I did enjoy the contents of the magazine.
I seem to be in the minority, but I think the projects tend to be repetitive (let&#8217;s build another garage organization system!) and many of the articles are quite shallow. There are bits of usefulness here and there, but not enough to justify all the dead trees. Also, I know it&#8217;s called the &#8220;Family Handyman,&#8221; but women do home improvement too! It doesn&#8217;t seem like Family Handyman has any women on staff, or at least they don&#8217;t make it into print.
I really liked the magazine and looked forward to reading it when it was delivered. I especially liked the new products coming on the market and would mark them for later reference. I maintained each edition in my library for later use. My objection is that the magazines suddenly stopped coming before my subscription ended. After contacting RD they basically said sorry, but you can get a new subscription.
This is a quality product that is more than marginal. It is written in an easy to read manner. The ideas and projects are nothing special.  I would recommend this product.
The people at family handyman magazine are still sending me final notices. They are not even aware of the new subscription.
Each issue has countless advertisements, and very little useful information.  I wanted a magazine with 3-4 interesting half day projects per issue to choose from, and a focused review of 1-2 basic techniques with tips from craftsmen.  If this is what you're looking for then look elsewhere, and if you've found it then let me know in the comments section.
I think March 23 is a very poor time frame for delivery date of first issue. Never again!!!
The magazine was ... good/ok.  After the third issue, I started to regret subscribing to it.  Too thin, not enough juicy content that made it useful.  Why would I want to check out their web site on how to do some stuff when I subscribed to the magazine?  After seeing the pictures of what I wanted to build, the bottom verbage was "Check out our web site on how to do this..."  Junk.  Sorry...
I agree with previous review that this magazine is clearly aimed at men.  The ads for sexual enhancement drugs and devices are distracting from the content.  I'm not against such advertising, but I would have like to see more ads aimed at HOME IMPROVEMENT, not sexual improvement.  Clearly the demographic for this magazine is aimed a men more than women, which was a serious disappointment for me.  I only received two issues, but I will say the ideas were good ones (although again, aimed more at men--organizing the garage for instance).  If you are looking for practical ideas for around the house (installing a solar water heating system, fixing your garage door) then this magazine is for you.  If you are looking more for home improvement ideas and easy to complete weekend projects, you may want to keep looking...especially if you are a woman.
I will say that I do enjoy the magazine.  However, they have begun pulling the scam that other magazines do and that is to send you unsolicited items such as books for your to review.  The problem with this type of scam is that a few things can occur.1.  The item is never delivered, but the Family Handyman still wants you to pay for the item even though you didn't receive it and they can't prove you received it.2.  You return the item through normal mail with no tracking, but the Family Handyman says they didn't receive it so you are still responsible for payment.3.  The Family Handyman does not pay for return postage if you do not want the item, so you have to pay out of pocket to return the item.4.  The Family Handyman does not provide an option to opt out being sent unsolicited items.As I stated the magazine is pretty decent but the practice of the company sending unsolicited items to subscribers with no return postage brings the integrity of the company into question.  If you do subscribe to the magazine be prepared for this.
It was a Christmas present and did not start until weeks later per email. It's middle of January and still not receive it?
The Family Handyman magazine is designed for the casual DIYer. The magazine usually focuses on one project or topic with each issue.Pros:- Some helpful tips- Easy readCons:- A Lot of ads. It seems like every other page is an ad.- Missing detailed project plans- If you are remotely 'handy' this magazine will seem like common sense.All-in-all I was disappointed with this magazine. It really seems like a big advertisement. It seems to lack more of the content that I was hoping for.
Like ussual, Pay for 2 years in Mar 2013, recieve the first issue in May 2013 and 2 year subscrption Expires 05/31/2013 per there letter to extend the the sibcription another year with and make it a 2 year subcription. Hello, I paid for a 2 year subcription already. They don't understand why I let my first subsciption lapse. Go Figure. A Corperation not in touch with there customers. It must be a goverment operation. Was a waste of time to order this also.
The magazine is a bit light on specifics.  I don't think any article was more than 2-3 pages (not counting useless photos).Of the articles that SHOULD be detailed (like building a shed) they gloss over thing like how to do the roof joists.  Instead of explaining how to lay it out and do the math they say 'joists are X by y on Z inch centers.... really?  How about explaining how to notch the joist for the fascia and sills?The article is simply a play by play of how THEY built a shed... good luck if you want to learn how to build one.They also constantly beg you to renew.  A LOT.
Handyman magazine turned out to be kind of disappointing. I've received 4 issues now and I rarely find anything interesting in them. The magazine is full of ads--I know, all magazines are, but this one is particularly bad. In every issue, there will be an article about some product and then just a page or two away there will be an advertisement for that product. It makes the magazine less credible to me because it appears that they are simple writing stories about their advertisers. Some of the DIY how-to's in the magazine are very advanced and require expensive specialized tools and knowledge. The editing is somewhat careless, too, as many of the projects will be missing a step that is mentioned in the summary or in a diagram. I was hoping for tips and how-to's I could actually use in real life, but that magazine just doesn't have them. I won't be renewing my subscription.
It seems like this magazine is more interested in advertising than providing readers with ideas.  I can usually only find one or two things that actually make me stop and read the article.  Mostly, I thumb past all the ads and come to the end.
Many of the articles are good, but here's another example of an organization that feels shamed into including women in order to make sure that no one is offended. I cannot tell you how offensive this is to many men, Family HandyMAN.If you look at the advertising, 100% of it obviously appeals to men, and that tells us that male readership probably consists of 98 to 99% males. Why the need to appease women?Women enjoy their interests without the need to be &#34;inclusive&#34; in order not to offend men. Why is it that men today are so ashamed to enjoy their own interests without the male shaming that prevails today?2 stars off for your offensive, spineless policy of political correctness, Family HandyMAN.
We subscribed to this magazine for our 12 year old son who is a fishing enthusiast.  While the magazine does have good fishing tips, we were surprised - and very disappointed -  by the amount of profanities and adult themed topics in some of the articles in the magazine.  There are also an overly abundant amount of advertisements in each issue, and since we subscribed - we are now receiving offers from about 20 other fishing publications to subscribe to their magazines as well.  We have also noticed that this magazine seems to focus more on the &#34;Field&#34; rather than the &#34;Stream&#34;.
Magazine was ordered over a month ago and have yet to see the first copy. Certainly taking a long time to get here. So this review is about the subscription not the magazine which I'm sure will be everything I expected - sometime?
You would think that as the history of Field and Stream progresses and the editors and writers become high class city folk they would at least go to a college and learn to write intellegently.  This magazine is full of nothing but opinions (not that i disagree with them, i just wished they sounded smart when voicing their thoughts).  These writers have no background in wildlife management, yet give advice like they do.  And if they do have a management background, I am glad i'm not getting my Wildlife Resource degree there.  Field and Stream has became another tool of arguement.  Readers yelling at writters and writters responding with cussing (no joke).  The only joke here is field and Stream.  Teaches nothing.  Says nothing.  Costs a lot.
It's gotten a bit political.  A lot of really silly, contrived polls and articles and not as many field stories.  The field tests are decent and when they do actual field stories, you get the feel of what the magazine is supposed to be.  Cut the fuzzy bunny environmentalism and stick to what you're good at.
This magazine is not as interesting as I had hoped, but my greatest complaint is that the fonts are very hard to read.
Took FOREVER to receive first issue, subsequent issues also sporadic.I'm not gonna rate the mag itself, as if you have any common sense, you'll just go buy one from CVS  et al. and find out for yourself.I would just recommend buying the subscription from someone OTHER than Amazon
My interests have changed over the past year. I no longer hunt and fish, and I don't enjoy the content.
The magazine is filled with too much advertising. There is little too read because it is mostly full of ads, every other page is an ad. I would not recommend this magazine unless you get it free and then it's still a waste of a tree.
Forbes ain't what it used to be.  I read it a long time ago and recently accepted a $12/year subscription to get it again.  Boy, was I disappointed.  It was the same stuff, month after month, talking about how rich rich people were.  No insights, no observations, no analysis, lots of ads.Before you subscribe try to get your hands on a current issue and see if it is what you want it to be.BTW, I feel that honest, effective reviews can take the place of first-hand experiences that are lacking in online shopping. I've always appreciated the help I've received from other reviewers and work hard to return the favor as best as I can.  I hope you found this review helpful and if there was anything you thought was lacking or unclear leave a comment and I'll do what I can to fix it.
I subscribed to Forbes magazine for a year or two, and in general the content is good, but I cancelled my subscription for 3 reasons. (A) 33% of the pages are ALL advertisements - what a waste of space, (B) every magazine has 3 or 4 renewal postcards that fall out onto the floor as I read the magazine, and (B) the classifieds in the back are "not of interest" to any real business person. If you don't mind the ads and the fluff, then this magazine might be right for you! It's not for me. I give it 2 stars.
I am not a professional investor, but I decided to give Forbes a chance.  I have found the magazine to be pretty boring and dry.  I like to read more about what is happening currently in the stock market with individual stocks and this magazine has more articles in it.  I found that a lot of the articles couldn't keep my interest.  Would recommend getting The Wall Street Journal or Smartmoney before Forbes.
I bought one to read on a plane trip and loved it. So I got a subscription. None of the subsequent issues have been very entertaining. I probably will not renew this subscription.
I had a subscription to Forbes that expired mid-March 2010.  So I did a new order via Amazon.  It costs about $20 more this way as Delta magazine had an unbelievable price of $15 a year, but i did it at amazon for convenience so I could put all my magazines there.  Unbeleivable although the order was placed mid-March, I get a notice from Forbes that the subscription started a full month before Feb 11, 2010.  I don't need magazines from a month ago especially as I have them already.  When I went to enter a problem with the subscription on-line, guess what?  Amazon doesn't deal with it.  It is automatically routed to Forbes.  And so I have now received 3 different emails with dates ranging from Feb - March - April for subsctiption expiration.  And one message said to ingnore the date on the label.I do hope amazon reads this for feedback and learns that if they are going to take a piece of the action, they need to devote some energy to this and give customers a chance.  Until then I shall order no more magazines through amazon.
Ordered two year year subscription for Forbes magazine on Dec. 15, 2010 from amazon.  Dec. 16, 2010 received from Amazon Payment that order was Successfully Completed.  Fourteen weeks later no magazine had been received.  After several e-mails and calls to Lexie , Deborah Hankins and Brain, Sales rep. Amazon decided to refund my $24.99, canceling the order and Amazon would furnish me with a one year subscription at no cost.  The thing that upsets me most is after 14 weeks Subscription Central decided to cancel my order, holding my money all that time.  Brain stated that "Unfortunately, our clearinghouse is no longer accepting orders for Forbes at that special rate.  They change the rates that we pay all he time.  Now if I would order another magazine, would they  hold my money another 14 weeks and than say they didn't accept that rate? I would not and do not recommend that any one else order magazine via of Amazon.Robert Hermes
I have been a subscriber to Forbes for a half year. After reading all these issues, I dislike this magazine more and more. Most articles are sensational and lack in-depth research. Some are biased and prejudiced. Many articles are written in fictional style without any hard data or analysis. I will not renew my subscription after it expires.
This is not the Good Housekeeping I remember.  SPARSE.  This mag used to be full of artticles and down to earth advice columns.
started with this mag when i was married 45 plus years ago....  have subscribed on and off and since then..have added...  many advertsing pages now..... seems &#34;old&#34; to me.  i compared it to other magazines such as &#34;real simple&#34; and i have to say i'd go with the latter...  good housekeeping has kept their pricing down, so if this is the issue...  go with g.h.  if not i'd rather read other magazines !!
There is nothing in the least stimulating for the mind or creativity here. I found most of what was in this very cliched. It seems the plan is the same every month - the "follow the ADA food pyramid," "put your food on a saucer to think it is substantial," "get more exercise," "I survived cancer," and so forth. It is half "positive thinking," but otherwise a denial that anyone has a mind, heart, or soul. The feature articles are very poor quality, such as the Elizabeth Post quasi-etiquette, wherein one may not share news of an event with friends without saying "no gifts please," and friends are looking for others to meddle in their lives (what is polite about having a friend who wonders if her dress fits well being told to go to a gym class?)The other reviewer who said "not enough" is quite right.
really disappointed in the magazine, just like the other on I got ( woman's day ) I should have checked it out first, years ago loved the mag. really disappointed
I didn't care for this magazine at all. I thought it was a cheapo copy of Woman's Day and had less applicable articles in it. The recipes were meh, mostly things that my family would never eat.
Every now and then there's a good recipe.  But it takes me about 9 minutes to read through the whole mag.
I placed this order on 6-27-08 and today is 8-6-08 and I haven't received my first issue yet. Hopefully, I will receive it soon.
I needed something to read at the gym and the price was great. But after just my first issue I cancelled the subscription. It's just not for me, seemed boring and not for my age group (30). I should of just paid a little more for my favorite magazine "women's world" - great to take to the gym and to learn a thing or two.
Been reading "Good Housekeeping" for years and loving it. Haven't subscribed in awhile. What a change! Way too much advertising and not enough substance! What happened??? But for $5.00, I guess I shouldn't complain??????
I purchased this magazine because it was cheap ($5) and I was purchasing a different magazine for a gift.  Its ok.  As a 34 year old mother of two, I was hoping for a few more household hints.  It seems a little too old for me.  I prefer Real Simple...but of course you can't get that prescription for $5!
I canceled my subscription almost immediately. I couldn't stand having to sift through all the ads to find a tiny bit of semi-useful or interesting content
I'm holding the November 2001 issue right now, and it as (...) as all of the rest.  For some odd reason they send me these magazines every month and i haven't paid a dime (it has been 14 months now!)  I read it because its free.  Anyways, here's a typical issue:1.  About 10,000 ads.  The only cool ads are gibsons2.  Letter from the editor, who looks like he has his lunch money stolen from real guitar players every day.3.  more ads4.  Reader questions:  Most of which are something like "I cant get sound out of my guitar, why?"  And the answer is "plug it into the wall."5.  next, 10 pages of no name bands that I'm sure (HA) have great guitarists that will really impact guitar playing6.  Riff box (actually interesting)  Look at ~10 riffs from a genera or artist and teach and explain each.7.  Lessons:  good, but usually so detailed and specific you need a PhD. in guitarology to understand.8.  hey look, another ad with the guys in staind (they are talented! whatever...)9.  new gear10. Interviews with people that i dont know, people i wish i didn't know, and finally a good, influencial band (Beach Boys) however no tips.11.  Transcribed songs:  7 songs, 2 of which I would even care about.  Who the heck is giant green?12.  Last, some quick one page tips.So, I suggest you pick and chose your magazines (...).  Usually the only thing worth wile is the tab's, and 3/4 of them are not exactly good songs.
I've subscribed to this magazine since the 1970's. For a lot of that time, it was the only guitar magazine widely available. It provided a great deal of instructional content, especially the columns which ran for years, and which were like taking monthly lessons from top players.Unfortunately, the instructional content is an afterthought these days, relegated to a few quick one page riff ideas by random people each month. The magazine is almost totally consumed by &quot;gear reviews&quot;, of which they seem quite proud. It's obviously an attempt to stay on the good side of all the equipment manufacturers who buy advertising. I'm profoundly bored with all the equipment content. The articles and interviews with players are getting shorter and shorter. The unspoken message seems to be &quot;Don't worry about learning how to play what you have, just get out there and buy more stuff.&quot;Their choices of cover artists are also getting more and more &quot;flavor of the month&quot;-oriented (when they aren't showing equipment on the cover). They'll run very short articles on great players, then give the cover and longest article to someone more known for their sense of fashion or appearances in celebrity gossip columns than for their guitar playing.And don't get me started on their editor's monthly sermon on how we should all be out there creating &quot;great art&quot;. Zzz...
I don't like the new format of the magazine.I have been a reader of Guitar Player since it's first issue. The new format is to corporate in design. In order to cram more information into each article it has started to use a hardly legible micro-print in the sidebars. Also there are to many articles about no talent wankers with a 3 chord vocabulary. Come on guys! just because some snot-nosed teen is tone deaf doesn't mean you have to cater to their non-exisent musical taste. I will probably not re-new my subscriptipn for these reasons.
Guitar Player has lost most of it's depth and scopein hopes of attracting the short attention span MTV crowd.And that is a shame.The poor editorial staff are trying so hard to beglib and "street" that most of the time it's justembarrassingly juvenile.Also it should be printed in Korean because 85 percent ofthe guitars they review are over hyped junk with NO resale valuefrom that wonderful land.
Wow...There's a lot to see in this magazine...A lot of product reviews and a lot of advertisements.  If You're looking for something to improve your playing, this is not the right source.
I find that this magazine is too full of advertising and not enough of the guitar lessons material I was looking for.  I won't re-subscribe.
I've been reading this magazine since it's inception in the late 60's. In that time it went from a good magazine to a great magazine. When Jim Crockett left as editor in the late 80's the magazine's content went into a tailspin that continues to this very day-especially in the hands of Music Player Publications. If you must subscribe to this magazine, just take out a one year subscription. The magazine covers will simply be a rehash of the same artists year after year-9 out of twelve issues anyway. If it's glossy pics of guitars and gadgets you're salivating for, this just might be your mag as they comprise 50-60% of it.
I just canceled my second subscription to Guitar Player. While i agree that the gear reviews always seen to be positive, even on sub-par gear, its better than Guitar magazine. Guitar mag is fine if you're a 16 year old that wants the tabs to the latest black metal song, but when it comes to variety of players its missing. Guitar Player will have completely different types of players each month. One month will be metal, the next blues, country, classical, etc. The BIG ISSUE with the magazine, is ACTUALLY RECEIVING YOUR ISSUES. I just got off the phone after getting heated with the "customer service" rep which with this magazine is an oxymoron. I paid for my script back in July, now its October, and ive yet to receive one issue. Every time i emailed them, they'd apologize and tell me they'd send it out directly, and again it wouldnt show. The last email i sent I said if i didnt receive it, i was canceling. They emailed me back with their hollow "we're sorrys" and told me they were making sure the last 2 i didnt receive, along with the next 2 were being sent in a manila envelope that day; 2 weeks later, nothing. So i called and said cancel it, and refund my card. The girl told me it would take 4-6 weeks to get it (even though it only took a few days to have my card charged for the subscription, and i would continue to receive it until then. I told her "I haven't received one yet, why start now?". This was my second subscription that i made against my better judgment, and told them when i resubscribed the problems i was having , and the hope that it wouldnt be relived, well it was. Its better to pay the news stand price and actually get to read it. Im keeping the Guitar magazine, while i dont like the artists most of the time, at least it shows, and i have something to read on the crapper.
never anyting in it I am interested in  Certainly nothing suits our lifestyle, don't know hat more to say, bad choice.
Its take a while to get magazines from Hearst it seems like. I got my Elle sooner than Bazaar and I bought them on the same day. I won't even complain that I have NOT got my Town and Country Mag yet. Hope they do better, because they are  such great books. Maybe it is time for me to move to digital and away from print.
The fashion articles and spreads are beautiful, but it's mostly advertisements. I was hoping for more substance, more articles, something more solid. Skipping all the ads, I'm done reading it in under 20 minutes.
95% of the magazine are ads!! I bought this subscription for $5 but still wasn't worth it, decided to cancel after first month.
I have had a Bazaar subscription for almost five years, and I am really disappointed in the magazine now. I used to read Vogue instead, but stopped because it was all ads and maybe 5 or 6 real articles (more than a page long) and now Bazaar is the same way. I cancelled my subscription a few months ago, but I am still getting issues since it hasn't run out yet (I prepaid). I still flickr through it since I am getting the magazine. In the most recent issue (March 2014) I had to flip through literally a half inch of ads (literally half the magazine) before I finally came to a full page of text. Every single page was an ad, except for the table of contents and the Editor's letter. I looked through the whole magazine and hardly any articles were more than a page long. The fashion articles were barely more than pictures with captions. I feel I deserve more for my money.About a year or so ago they revamped the whole magazine, changing layouts and stuff. I thought that the most dramatic change was going to be the ridiculous circles of text (they were cute at first in only a couple of articles here and there but now it's just annoying) as time goes on I have realized that they are putting more and more ads in the magazine as well.I know ads are how the magazine makes its money. I get that. I'd be fine if they were still putting out good articles with the ads, or at least spacing them out evenly between the ads. But the ads are now taking the place of the articles. What do the writers do all day? They sure as heck aren't creating content for the magazine. Bazaar has bloggers and an Instagram and a Twitter and so on and so forth. Why even read the magazine? You can go look on their website.This magazine is a waste of money. I'd rather read a fashion blog to find out what's in style since I know I'll get to actually READ something, not just look at a picture book for an hour.
I bought several fashion magazine subscriptions at once after denying myself for a lifetime from spending money in this way. Bazaar was not a favorite. I preferred Self then InStyle later to this magazine. I like to look at what the current styles are, but I prefer magazines that have lots of helpful information on make-up, where to get great buys, etc. I also liked the articles. Short and helpful. Other people may have different taste and want to look at ads and styles that they will never wear. I didn't renew this subscription. To each his own.
If I could give zero stars for Hearst Magazines' audacity in ripping off subscribers I would. But that's not exactly fair to the editorial staff who put together a good magazine, so I'll default to giving two stars: 3.5 stars for the magazine content, 0.5 for the company's policies and customer service.The long story: I ordered two magazines via Amazon from HM Aug. 4 with the understanding the first issues, September issues, would take "4 to 6 weeks" for delivery-- that would place it sometime between Sep 1 and Sep 15. Sep 2 I received an outdated issue of Harper's Bazaar and learned I would not receive the September issue of the other magazine at all.  (If curious, see my review for Marie Claire.)  So, out of the two September Fall Fashion issues I paid for, I received none.I found it impossible to contact Hearst's customer service department from their website, unless I wanted to pay for a long distance call. Shame on them for placing the burden upon the customer for rectifying their error. The "email us" link was broken (with an "invalid code" message followed by programming language. Yes, I enabled java script, accepted cookies, re-tried, etc.) I googled and, luckily, discovered a third party website that lists toll-free customer service numbers and reviewers' experiences dealing with the companies.Upon calling, the customer service agent was able to credit my account for the outdated magazine.  (But could not remedy the missing MC which I reviewed elsewhere.)  I asked him to pass along to his superiors that HM should post their 800# so customers can contact HM toll-free when, on a day such as today, their email link is broken. It is as if they are making contacting CS as difficult for the customer as possible. He replied, "that's the first I've heard 'the email link is broken'" in a tone suggesting he didn't believe me.You know, I had made and attempt to be pleasant; it's not the CS's fault that these things happened, I was just asking him to pass along my feedback. He sighed and in an annoyed tone of voice said he would pass it along. The whole experience was a completely off-putting and disappointing. The only credit I give them is for taking the outdated issue off of my account which is, in my opinion, the least they could do. Their practices seem to me to border on something like false advertising or perhaps mail fraud. Magazines are time-sensitive. How can they get away with mailing and billing for expired issues that predate the "4-6 week" window? I loath when companies default to screwing over the customer and place the onus upon the customer to notice it in the first place and waste his/her time fixing it.The other two magazines I ordered at the same time, from another publisher, had similar problems with one missing issue and one outdated issue. But in contrast to HM, their CS telephone number was printed inside the magazine and the CS agent was quick and pleasant about amending my account.As far as the magazine itself, I like their take on fashion.  It has a modern, sort of authoritative edge-- not overly staid and not overly sexy.  Wearable, for the most part, and a little more attainable with a mixture of high, medium and lower cost items.  I enjoy learning about the sorts of cosmetics and skincare they tend to feature.  It's always a fun moment away from the hubbub of the work-a-day world to cruise through Bazaar.
Dear Sirs,Two days ago I ordered Harper's Bazar at your "special" price with a deadline of October 30th, and now you lower the price once the deadline is over!!!  That is not "playing fair"..
Harper's Bazaar is a pretty decent fashion magazine, but I wish now that I had never gotten a subscription. True, each issue would be more expensive, but1) I could pick out what issues seemed worth buying, as some are thin and empty2) They are quite often late with their delivery or you miss an issue. I have only gotten one issue on time, to be honest.
&quot;Harper's Bazaar&quot; has been running a losing race with &quot;Vogue&quot; for the past 40 years.  The magazine should play to its strengths.  Its graphics and photo layouts are terrific.  However, the articles are insipid and superficial; not worth a read.  &quot;Bazaar&quot; unfortunately went downhill when Liz Tilberis took over the top spot; in the 60s and 70s the look was all about elegance and glamour.  Ms. Tilberis stated in an editorial in the 90's that fashion was all about &quot;youth and ectomorphism&quot; and featured human Barbie dolls in grunge outfits.  Okay, it looked funny, but what woman over 25 would spend good money to look like that?  The impression one gets from reading &quot;Bazaar&quot; now is that it's still trying to find its target audience.  When &quot;Bazaar&quot; stops acting as if it were afraid to compete with Vogue and emphasizes its strengths, it will be a much better magazine.
Well, it appears that I ordered this subscription - I had forgotten about it, on April 16th, 2010.  I have yet to receive it.
it's a good magzine I recomend it I have not got a issue yet i hope I doget it soon
Not a magazine that kept my interest.  I read it because it came but I did not reorder it when the time came.
The above is an actual question posed by the insightful author of a Bazaar article (August edition). For a moment it made me think Bazaar was on the cutting edge of animal psychology... Turns out, the question referred to the current equestrian trend in clothes and accessories... It gets worse: Bazaar "buys of the month" are a $750 pair of shoes, a $3,235 bag, and a $425 necklace...Yes, $4,000 is indeed my monthly accesories budget...(not!)Over 50% of the magazine pages are advertisements. Bland ones... I buy fashion magazines for the pictures: I may not buy all the clothes, but at least I want to be informed what is current and can figure out how to emulate the looks. However, Bazaar seems to make "impractical and over the top" their mantra. Not to mention that UBER expensive is the only way they go...The only reason why I am not angry is the extremely low price I paid for the year's subscription... I hope at some point I will see something in the 12 issues worthy of the subscription price...Hence the two stars...But... I will NOT be renewing my subscription. The magazine has gone down hill, compared to years of yore... Shame...
I started reading HB 6 years ago, when the incredible Liz Tilberis was editor.  Back then my eyes lit up everytime I opened an issue; the layouts and photography were awesome - way better than it is now.  These days the beauty and fashion images are mostly dull and tedious.  Some of them are really 60's, and not in the good way.  I think it has a lot to do with who's in charge.  They need to bring in somebody who will actually make the contents of the magazine attractive to the reader.  Anyway, like another reviewer, I just buy it for the ads.
I have subscriptions to several magazines and bought this subscription when Amazon had it on sale for $5. And I'm not too impressed with this. It may work for a teenager, "may" being the key word. It has more ads than content, and I would be flipping through trying to get some reading material. Not happy at all and did not renew my subscription. The only use I got out of it is that my toddler likes the bright pictures. Marie Claire is slightly better and that's my current subscription.
Most of the 15 or so magazines I renewed through amazon came in as dupilicates. You ad says you would extend the subscription. The problem lies with the magazine subscription house.
Don't read this magazine if you are expecting unbiased reporting and truly independent viewpoints.For example, Philip Morris Inc. is the top advertiser in Harper's.  Not once in the last ten years has there been an in-depth feature critical of the tobacco industry.  Anti-smoking ads have even been withheld from the magazine in order to allow for "competeitve separation" from tobacco advertisements.Can you, then, resonably expect honest reporting from these guys?
I would like to classify myself as a moderate but I probably lean conservative.  Because of that, I subscribed to Harpers so that I could read good writing that would challenge my beliefs and stretch my mind in new ways.  I got that, more or less, at first, but over the course of a couple of years the magazine drifted further and further to a leftist propaganda screed, the worst of which was Louis Lapham's bitter drivel editorials.  It got to a point where the writing was incredibly predictable; I knew exactly what position (read:  left of Pelosi) the writer--any writer in Harpers--would take on whatever the issue was, and I had a pretty good idea of what the line of whining would be.If you attend dinner parties on the Upper East Side; if you drive a Prius to the Oscars; if you think commercial organic farming is an environmental travesty; if you've ever desecrated a Starbucks, then look no more--this magazine is for you.However, if you're dumbfounded at how the Republicans can keep winning elections--and then you realize they have the Democratic party as opponents; if you realize the genius of George Bush and Karl Rove is in getting liberals to underestimate George Bush and Karl Rove; if you want to read smart, insightful writing that will inform and entertain, then try The Atlantic Monthly (which, by the way, I am surprised to see reviewers describe as a liberal magazine; I think it is moderate, and if anything, a bit on the conservative side.)  Needless to say, I let my Harpers subscription lapse.Two stars, tho, for the Harper's Index--however, that wasn't worth the price of a subscription (it got to be the only thing worth anything for the price of the subscription).
I ordered this magazine for a class I was taking last semester at college.  I really did enjoy the articles I read in class.  My only problem with the magazine was that I never received it.  After calling Harpers about four times I got two magazines from the previous two months, but now I am still waiting for both last and this month's editions.  Happy reading...if the magazine reaches you!
I used to read Harper's when I was a cynical 20-something. Now that I'm a somewhat less cynical 30-something, I just can't take the nearly hysterical atmosphere of gloom that pervades it. Life is grim for many around the world--always has been, always will. Wallowing in that grimness isn't in anyone's interest. Additionally, Harper's doesn't give voice to alternative political viewpoints--if they had their way, the editors would pack the courts, congress, and White House with liberals no matter the cost. This is a pluralist society and a magazine with the intellectual firepower of Harper's at its disposal should be strong enough to admit a range of views. Let the Harper's politburo have their funereal fun and read The New Yorker instead.
During the 1980s and 90s Harpers decayed badly from a journal of literature and opinion into a collection of short pieces and meaningless charts- sort of a journal for the literary pretentious with a short attention span. During the late 90s and the early part of this century, an effort was made to recreate the old Harpers.Gone now are the annoying fragments and pointless tables, but the quality of the writing is still variable. At its best, Harpers still trails far behind The Atlantic, and at its worst it's pitifully sophmoric. I'll try it again in a few more years.
I used to be a subscriber and an avid reader.  Recently, perhaps in the last two years or so, the quality of the writing has become rather poor.  The selection of articles is uninteresting, and sometimes half the articles themselves are so poorly written as to be unreadable.  The fiction is simply mediocre, and the entire magazine seems to be infected with editor Lewis Lapham's shrill and ever-growing Notebook (does the man ever have anything interesting or original to say?).  In short, Harper's is not the magazine it once was.  I would suggest the Atlantic Monthly if you want a magazine that is interesting, informative, and well-written, cover to cover.
Home Business Magazine is a publication aimed at those members of the general populace who either already own a home based business or who have an active interest in the subject and would like to pursue it further. This magazine contains articles relating to all facets of home business ownership from the initial setup all the way through to the payment of taxes at year end.I read several different business magazines and many of them have to do with entrepreneurship. Home Business is the only one I read that is specifically devoted to starting a business in the home and, unfortunately, it has many flaws that prevent it from being the enjoyable and informative read that it otherwise could be. Probably the most annoying feature of this magazine is the articles themselves and their tendency to be written in a list- type format rather than in a user- friendly way. I realize that people like lists but Home Business takes this a little too far. It makes the magazine seem callous and unfriendly- something you would consult in the same way you would an almanac. For example, it is common to find a one page article with a title like "Effective Ways to Design a Newspaper Ad", or "How to Obtain Quick Financing". In each instance, these articles will have a short opening consisting of a paragraph or two followed by a numbered listing of different methods/suggestions to solve the problem or answer the question. This makes the magazine read more like a reference guide than a piece of reading material.Another thing that is annoying about this magazine is the endless advertising. Not only does it get out of hand, it also includes all sorts of ads that emphasize money- making schemes and other similar material. Advertisements with titles like "Really Lazy Guy's Incredible Little Secret Idea Can Make You Rich", "Free $9.95 Report Shows You How to Make a Fortune", and "Six Figures in Six Months" clutter the pages of this magazine with get- rich quick garbage that everyone knows is unlikely to return even the cost of the introductory package.Some parts of this magazine are more bearable than others and it's this handful of positive attributes that prevent me from giving this magazine a one- star rating. I like some of the success stories because they depict ordinary people who have succeeded at making a living with a home- based business. But even here, the stories are inconsistent. Some are educational in nature while others have little valuable information to share. And to make matters worse, they are far too short- usually covering only one- half page each with a large advertisement taking up the space at the bottom of each page.Speaking of the advertising, this magazine wrote the book on advertisement excess. Advertisements cover about 75 percent of the pages in each issue and it is rare to see even two pages in a row without some sort of advertisement. The ads are posted everywhere, often right in the middle of an article, and they distract greatly from the already limited enjoyment of the magazine.This magazine is assembled together in such a way that it reads like a collection of articles taken from people in different parts of the country that were shuffled around and published in one magazine. In other words, this magazine has no continuity to it. It's like taking short articles from different business newspapers around the USA and then piecing them together into one magazine.Starting a home- based business is a goal that many people set for themselves and there is always a need for some good, timely information when you find yourself in this situation. Home Business, unfortunately, doesn't perform its mission very well. If you dig deeply enough you can find a few good articles. But the majority is too impersonal and too shallow (not to mention smothered in advertisements) to make this magazine worth the trouble.
This magazine seems very cheesy to me.  It is full of ads and has many typos.  The 'stories' and articles were thrown together.  It seems like each issue may have had 1 or 2 very small articles that were useful.  I also noticed that after I subscribed to this magazine I started receiving all kinds of solicitations in the mail from different 'Start Your Own Business' companies.  I'm positive they sell subscribers names.
I ordered this magazine hoping it would be a bit more practical. It has beautiful pictures but few that appeal to me. And the magazine is mostly advertisements; they don't say "to the trade," but they look like they probably sell only wholesale. If I were a professional designer, perhaps I would find it more useful, but I'm not, so I don't.
This may be good for someone else. But it was not for me. I think I got one and have no idea when or if the next one will come. Not a magazine I look forward to coming.
It's very pretty to look at, but I just can't get serious about it.  To be fair, this may be because I'm not a professional designer with a six-figure budget.  When I saw $20 paper clips and $10,000 armoires featured in their "The Best" recommendations section, I can't shake off the feeling of elitist snobbery, and it makes me feel all dirty inside.  Plus, I scored an embroidered elephant pillow at our town dump's swap shop for free - they had it listed for $325.  I'll be taking my year's worth of magazines to the Goodwill, where there are undoubtedly better and more interesting "finds."
This magazine is chock full of of over-priced home decor that the average person wouldn't be able to afford, especially in an economy like ours. I recommend "This Old House" which has a lot of real-life decorating/remodeling solutions at a very nice price....
It is not what I expected.  I defintely do not want to renew for another year.  There are a lot of magazines that give you tips and ideas for your home.  Do not renew.
Thought this magazine would help me put together ideas for my home but the ideas in here are not realistic and filled with a bunch of junk.Better off with another magazine or pinterest!
I subscribed to House Beautiful magazine form  Amazon on November 30, 2009 and as of today Febuary 1, 2010 I haven't yet received it. I'm very disapointed with Amazon and House Beautiful magazine. I would like someone to email me an anwser!
Better Homes & GardensIf you want a magazine that is much much BETTER than Beautiful House, check out Better Homes and Gardens!!!!!!! TRUST ME!
how long does it take, over 30 days??? no word, no nothing from the co.
House Beautiful is a large, glossy, well photographed magazine. It just doesn't speak to me. The styling in this is slick, modern and very expensive. On our best day we would never consider purchasing a vase for over $300, or a sofa for over $10,000. There is one article that I do go to as soon as the magazine comes each month, and that is called 'Color'. Designers choose a paint color for a specific situation that month and explain why they like it and what other colors they would put with it.Occasionally I find a recipe I find interesting, but most have ingredients above our paygrade and are way too complicated for the average family dinner. We do miss the Barefoot Contessa. Quite a few of her recipes were do-able.We do agree with other reviewers, there are a lot of ads in HB. In this climate though, which magazines can afford not to have numerous ads? In my opinion, none is as bad as Better Homes and Gardens, now this is a magazine where you have to search for the articles in the advertisements.So, if your style leans toward modern slick or funk eclectic, expensive New York apartment or trendy loft, House Beautiful is your publication. It's just not my style.
I bought a subscription thinking it would be a nice suppliment to my Cat Fancy subscription. The "I Love Cats" magazine was very thin (hardly magazine worthy) and just didn't have any useful information for me.  Overall, I was VERY disappointed in this magazine.If you want a magazine with cute little cat stories than this magazine is for you.  If you want solid information about care of your cats get a subscription to Cat Fancy.
I've had Islands before over the years and re-subscribed recently in hopes that it got better but it's more of the same. Lots of ads, the articles aren't really that great, and the same locations visited over and over again without any really in depth information. I don't know, it just doesn't seem all that great to me.
Why would it take over three months to start a magazine subscription. I am getting emails about reviewing a product that I haven't even got close to obtaining.
I am a 43 year old college educated health professional who reads Money & Smart Money.  Kiplinger's is way over my head, more in depth for someone who just has a passing interest in finance and who wants some basic information...
I first looked at the sample report online.  It was great -- lots of useful information to prepare for retirement, including some very good investment ideas.  So I subscribed, and have now received several issues.  There are sometimes some good information, but for the most part it is worthless.  For example,  in the January 2011 isue, 4 out of 20 pages was dedicated to turbulent times for long term care insurance that read more like a news article than true advice for what I should do.  Another 4 pages were full page ads for banks, investment products, etc.  The rest is what I would call useless fluff.  By the way, Kiplinger, I am paying for this report -- why so many ads?  Anyhow, There is usually some semi-useful info in the report, but definitely not worth the cost.
I've always been pleased with the depth and coverage of Kiplinger magazine and reports.  However, this time I'm a little disappointed.The Retirement Report costs significantly more than the magazine but didn't seem to give me an appropriate value.  True, is that I've only reviewed one issue and they may have had the summer doldrums, so before you put your money down look for an issue you can study to see if it covers what you want it to... unfortunately I didn't take my own advice... shame on me.
This magazine is forwarded to family members in Asia who are fascinated by things Californian. Can't afford the 3 to 5 stars pretensious and overpriced restaurants with their inflated egos star chefs.Being a local, I could and have enjoyed better cuisines (also more affordable) both ethnics and Anglo which are not featured because they are not the magazine's advertisers.The magazine should be renamed Affluent Los Angeles  ....
The Los Angeles Magazine is great and I love reading it, but this Subscription Service is terrible.I purchased my Los Angeles Magazine Subscription here through Amazon. My first two issues, March and April, arrived promptly. However, it was May 1 and I did not receive my May issue yet, and I noticed it was already on sale on newsstands and people at the UCLA Book Festival had already received it.I called up the Subscription service number, and the woman told me as a Subscriber, the post office would deliver my May Issue on May 17, even if the issue was already on sale.That is baffling. As a Subscriber to other magazines, I usually receive my issues before or at the same time as newsstands.Unless you like receiving you Magazine three weeks late and when the month is almost over, I would not advise you signing up with this Subscription Service through Amazon.It is now May 19, and I still have not received my May Issue. After two additional phone calls to the Subscription hotline, I was told they would redeliver my May issue but it would take two weeks (which would bring us to June).UPDATE June 2, 2009: I still have not received my May issue, but funny enough, my JUNE issue came already. I called the Subscription Hotline again 1-800-876-5222, and this time talked to Christy. She told me the replacement issue was due in 3-4 weeks, instead of the 2 weeks maximum I was told by Joyce. What terrible, inconsistent customer service. I was very pleasant to Christy, but she hung up on me as I was telling her to have a good night.Los Angeles magazine may be great, but their Subscription Service is the bottom of the barrel. I sent a letter to their Subscriptions Headquarters P.O. Box 420235 Palm Coast, FL 32142-0235 on May 19 and have not heard back yet.When renewal time comes, I certainly won't. If Amazon would let me edit my star rating, I would change it to ONE star. Shame on these people!
I had never heard of automatic renewal, so was not looking for it when I originally subscribed.  If I like a magazine, I usually look for the lowest rate, but with automatic renewal, I'm forced to pay whatever I'm charged for renewal.  I'll be more vigilant in further subscriptions.
This didn't automatically renew so I am quite disappointed.  I have always thought Macworld is the better of the 2 popular Mac publications but now not so sure.
This magazine used to be good...but now, it is boring...the interviews are boring...I don't even bother reading them, they seem to mainly just tell you a couple things about what the person they are interviewing is doing at the time...what they are wearing, and ask a few questions...I cancelled my subscription too...there are TONS of ads!!! Ads take up most of the magazine! The only clothes they recommend...are usually more than $100. So unless you want a magazine that is mainly ads(I swear they take up more than the actual stuff they write about!)I would NOT recommend this magazine to anyone! The things I did like about it, just seem to have disappeared.
I really like the magazine but the renewal doesnt work out as well as you would expect it. Having paid Sept. 2 they say I will not recieve my renewal until Feb 2011. WTF? I renewed when you said because I didn't want to miss an issue....and no customer service line. F-that.
I've been waiting for some time for this to start, and at this point am ready to ask for a refund, since it appears that the subscription doesn't include any actual issues.
If you are under 30 you will love it.  30-40 find it ok.  At 58, not much of value.  Sorry I bought 2 years of this!  I saw one issue several months ago and liked it, which prompted my purchase.
I ask 'who Marie Claire is' because I haven't received a regular monthly delivery.  I love the magazoine itself but I don't like not getting it when it's expected.  Years ago when I was getting all the 'chic magazines' they would be in my mailbox at what seemed ahead of time.  I'm seeing the magazine on the rack in the store before it hits my door.  I was used to getting my magazines before they showed up in stores.
If I could give zero stars for Hearst Magazine's audacity in ripping off subscribers I would.  But that's not exactly fair to the editorial staff who put together a lovely magazine, so I'll default to giving two stars: 3.5 stars for the magazine content, 0.5 for the company's policies and customer service.The long story: I ordered two magazines from HM Aug. 4 with the understanding the first issues, September issues, would take "4 to 6 weeks" for delivery-- that would place it sometime between Sep 1 and Sep 15.  Sep 2 I received an outdated issue of one of the magazines, and when I went online to check the status of my Marie Claire subscription I saw it would not begin until October.  Disappointing!  The reason I subscribed in the first place was largely to get the September fall fashion issue.  It was also confusing because I ordered both magazines at the same time and they had identical estimated due dates.I found it impossible to contact Heart's customer service department from their website, unless I wanted to pay for a long distance call.  Shame on them for placing the burden upon the customer for rectifying their error.  The "email us" link was broken (with an "invalid code" message followed by programming language.  Yes, I set my computer to accept cookies and tried again a few times.)  I googled and, luckily, discovered a third party website that lists toll-free customer service numbers and reviewers' experiences dealing with the companies.Upon calling, the customer service agent was able to credit my account for the outdated magazine, but said I would not receive the Sep issue of Marie Claire at all.  He explained that if the subscription is received after a certain cut-off point, the subscription begins with the following issue.  I asked him to pass along to his superiors that I am disappointed because I was not informed of this key point when I bought the subscription.  I also asked him to pass along that HM should post their 800# so customers can contact HM toll-free when, on a day such as today, their email link is broken.  It is as if they are making contacting CS as difficult for the customer as possible.  He replied, "that's the first I've heard 'the email link is broken'" in a tone suggesting he didn't believe me.You know, I had made and attempt to be pleasant; it's not the CS's fault that these things happened, I was just asking him to pass along my feedback.  He sighed and in an annoyed tone of voice said he would pass it along.  The whole experience was a completely off-putting and disappointing.  The only credit I give them is for taking the outdated issue off of my account which is, in my opinion, the least they could do.  Their practices seem to me to border on something like false advertising or perhaps mail fraud.  Magazines are time-sensitive.  How can they get away with mailing and billing for expired issues that predate the "4-6 week" window?  I loath when companies default to screwing over the customer and place the onus upon the customer to notice it in the first place and waste his/her time fixing it.The other two magazines I ordered at the same time, from another publisher, had similar problems with one missing issue and one outdated issue.  But in contrast to HM, their CS telephone number was printed inside the magazine and the CS agent was quick and pleasant about amending my account.As far as the magazine itself, I think their take on fashion is fresher than other fashion mags.  I enjoy their art direction and styling.  Their cosmetics and skincare bits contain products that are of interest to me.  I quite like that their articles include examinations of women's, global and human rights issues.  It's always a fun moment away from the hubbub of the work-a-day world to cruise through Marie Claire.
When I was a bit younger, I subscribed to Marie Claire and it was the one magazine that didn't make me want to scream because of too much sex advice (like Cosmo), too much militant feminism (Ms.), or with everything being beauty and fashion related (almost all women's magazines!).There was something wonderful about this magazine for a young woman to read. So when I picked it up again a few months ago, I was saddened to see what direction they had chosen to go with it. Might be your style, but it isn't mine. It's just a bit too trashy anymore, the look is very sharp. I feel like perhaps they are trying to be a women's issues mag but mixing it in with how to please your man and what bikini to wear this season and it just doesn't work. I miss the old Marie Claire of ten years ago!!
I past my twenties,so I don't get much out of it.  Looking at the fashions is a bit interesting, butI'm not open to spending $900 for a pair of shoes.  It's fleas with not much substance.
The clothes in this magazine people would never wear in "real life".  The clothes are very expensive, some around $600 for a skirt!  I have recieved my third issue and don't think I am going to read it.
I've read other magazine and liked them better. It wasn't horrible but I'm not going to miss not getting it
I like this magazine, but it got really tiresome quickly! Was so big to read I never had time to finish!
Marie Claire claims to be written for "Women of the World," but the changes that the magazine has undergone since the new editor entered have taken this publication far from their self-proclaimed audience.The stories have become increasing vapid and sensationalized.  Worse, the quality of the writing has greatly decreased overall.  How sad that the editors think that a mainstream Women's magazine has to be written on the level of Seventeen Magazine!Hopefully the magazine will get through their current growing pains and become an informative and fun fashion magazine again.
Very disappointing! Ordered this as a gift for a friend and was promised that it would arrive in four to six weeks. After double that time....still nothing!
Much of the content in this magazine consists of a very plainly-stated liberal, feminist point of view, and the writers at the magazine assume that you feel the same.  With politically-charged articles entitled, "So, what has Michelle Bachmann done RIGHT?" (to name just one), it's assumed that you as the reader will identify with liberal perspectives shared within this magazine.  I would never take issue with a magazine sharing a clear political perspective (and Bachmann wasn't a fave of mine, either), but what has become incredibly frustrating to me is the fact that the reader is not encouraged to make choices for herself.  This past November issue featured an article that compared Obama and Romney as presidential candidates, side by side in a column format, with different issues being addressed in each horizontal row.  All of the statements made about Romney were written in such a negative way that you were made to feel a fool if you sympathized with any conservative perspectives to begin with.  And of course, the number one issue at the top of the chart was concerning birth control (because naturally that is the NUMBER ONE issue that women today must be concerned with first and foremost ... not the economy, not the environment, not equality, not foreign relations, but rather ... my sex life).  There are so many other examples of this that I've seen over the years that I can't recount, but if Marie Claire is about empowering women and encouraging them to have a strong voice of their own, it's pretty backwards and narrow-minded to not cater to female readers of all political perspectives.  What's most enraging though, is that underneath the guise of political feminism, Marie Claire continues to perpetuate common stereotypes about beauty and "sexiness".  In one article they may insist on political efficacy and loving yourself, but in the very next they'll continue to uphold that underlying standard of looking like a Victoria's Secret model and having "perfect skin" as ideal.  I've put down this magazine too many times feeling either ostracized or lied to about what it means to be a woman.  You're right Marie Claire, perhaps I am "more than just a pretty face".
Got this magazine fairly inexpensive, or I would not ordered it.  After a year daughter decided she did not want to keep getting it, so cancelled it.
To me the magazine is nothing but picture advertisements.  Will not be renewing.  Not happy at all with my purchase.  I'm just glad that it was a combo magazine purchase.  Hopefully the other magazines will make it worth my money!
I do not recommend buying magazine subscriptions from Amazon.  I subscribed to this magazing through Amazon on 3/31.  It has been almost 2 months and I still haven't received any copies of this magazine.
It full of very high cost items that the average woman can't afford. There are so many other magazines that is so much better. I will not be renewing.
I'm glad I ordered Marie Claire while it was just $5.00 for two years. Because of that, reading the first issue wasn't as painful as it could have been. It was still definitely painful, though.Wow, this magazine is full of ads. Every other page - and in some places every page for five pages! There isn't much substance to the magazine and it literally took me all of ten minutes to finish "reading" the whole thing. No useful articles, nothing but ads and pictures of frightening looking and rather gaunt women. Yes, fashion magazines are full of those...but some of these women looked just sick! It pained me to look at them. Toward the front of the magazine, there is one shot of three models in the middle of a page and they literally look like aliens. So thin and starving their heads look two times too big. Poor girls. That being the only thing that stuck out in a decent sized magazine...that's pathetic.
The writers and editors of Marie Claire seem to be out of touch with what is actually important. The articles seem irrelevant and immature at times, which is sad because I'm 24. This is just another caddy womens magazine. I am very disappointed because I had expected more. With that said, I will not be re-newing my subscription after the year is up.
"How to Make a Baby Without Loosing Your Guy", "My Father the Fraudster", "I Was a High Functioning Alcoholic" are only a few of the disturbing titles from the July edition of Marie Claire, a (fashion?) magazine about 40% devoted to advertisements. The articles behind the titles are something an intern might have scribbled on her ciggie break from a more serious assignement (such as a coffee run). As for the few "fashion" layouts: July magazine received in June, with fashions for the fall (which, in my climate, does not start until Nov/December)...Still, some of the photographs may eventually prove to be worth the five bucks I paid for a year's subscription...Oh, how sad...
There were way too many ads and not enough valuable content -- in fact many of the features were repetitive and seemed recycled. I'd prefer Bust magazine.
I found that I don't really like this magazine...at all.I keep flipping the pages and nothing catches my eye.Will cancel soon.
Barely worth the $5 trial price. No plans on renewing subscription. Tired of magazines where ads out number content by almost 2 to 1!
Not a great magazine. They do now have Joe Quenan after the mororn who runs GQ now fired him.  Workout articles can be found for free on the Menshealth website or other forums.  Fashion is ok, realisticly priced (at least for me:). Maybe most importantly, it's NOT a sexist and misogynistic magazine such as FHM, Details, etc.  They have some mindless fiction each month, also.  I just wish someone could put it all together:  fashion, fitness, current events.
I've subscribed for several years and have finally asked my wife to stop renewing for me (for Xmas).  I can't figure out what the magazine wants to be:  a metrosexual guide, a fitness guide, a health & beauty guide,....Its not a fitness mag., because the fitness articles are lame and sparse.  You could read Ladies Home Journal and get the same.The men's health and beauty feature articles about "looking thin", and then present guys wearing $1000+ outfits.  Sorry, dudes -- I don't know who your audience is, but its not me.Finally, the advice columns are often a joke...like Jimmy the Bartender taking 5 paragraphs to finally say, "Don't sleep with your girlfriends sister."  Yea...who'd a thunk that one!
The first issue is great.  The second issue to helpful.  By the end of the year of your subscription, you're tired of learning of another 276 esoteric fruits and vegetables that scientists in other countries say lower some cancer risk by x%.  And you don't need yet another workout routine designed by a movie star or athlete.  My advice is read a few pages next time you're waiting for a haircut.  That's all you really need.
I've been a subscriber almost since the inception. It's a high quality, slick, polished magazine, but I've finally had enough of the ridiculous content. The  Nov. 2010 issue was the final eye opener. Examples . . . Page 80 is trying to tell us that wearing an OUTERWEAR VEST over a suit is a positive fashion statement. Then, at the bottom of the same page, they recommend a SCARF with an $870.00 price tag.  This reminds me of an old Groucho Marx quote. " Any club that would have me as a member, I don't want to belong to."  Well . . .  any magazine that promotes the above, plus many more absurdities, I choose not to follow. I'll find something else.  Maybe Men's Journal ?
When it first came out, Men's Health was a health magazine. Now it is a mildly amusing waste of paper. There is rarely anything new or revolutionary in it. They keep rehashing the same "health" news, and keep adding more and more articles about sex. The humor is nice, but not enough to make up for a lack of real health articles.
This is like one of my wife's chick magazines but for metro sexual dudes.  very appearance based content.  not holistic or balanced.  as a 43 yr old family guy, this is probably aimed at a younger, more vain, demographic.
I can not imagine a straight guy wanting this magazine. Is has some decent health tips but seriously, why does a man want to see ripped guys in marble sacks. They were going directly into the trash half way through the year (after the wife got a look at them).
I ended my subscription with Men's Health (MH) last month with difficulty.  They required you to write in a letter stating you resign your subscription, even though I paid by check..??!!  The articles are now mediocre and every issue seems more and more concerned with getting women in bed than focusing on health.  Who cares that Prada has a new line of casual slip-ons?  Not me.  I'm not interested in Cartier wristwatches, either.
Be warned! I'm only a casual reader of Men's Health, but I recently contacted their costumer support via e-mail to inquire about a back issue. I have been given cookie-cutter automated responses to every e-mail interaction (going on four e-mails from me now). Even after instructing them to reference my original e-mail and actually read what I was asking...they gave me an automated response.I would hate to see what happens if someone had a problem with their actual subscription...
I picked up a copy of Men's Health when I was at the height of being a work out zealot last year and it seemed like a complete and utter revelation.  Tips about diet, work out plans, zillions of factoids to confirm I was on the correct track.  I was hooked, bought the next edition and after that got my years subscription.The bottom line?  I quit reading after about six months - I felt like there were only so many 'I was fat and now I am thin' articles I can read and I felt the emphasis on some diet aspects, herbs and unproven substances was a bit suspect once I dug deeper into the research.  They put a huge emphasis on protein in the diet when the bottom line is most Western diets have more than enough and there is a substantial body of evidence leaning toward the fact that high protein diets lead to a lessened flow of blood to the heart.  Frankly I pulled out a food pyramid from the government, went to the gym a ton, lost 40lbs within a few months. No fancy herbs, no supplements, no major pain.  There are no revelations within its covers and in essence you are paying money for questionable advice and to be advertised at.If you really want to know about Nutrition get a copy ofUnderstanding Nutrition - Textbook Only, and stick to the exercise tips in Men's Health at best.  Men's Health is no substitute for common sense, as it is my subscription is half unopened and gathering dust in the corner.  For strength training check outStrength Training Anatomy.  Eat a balanced diet, get your exercise -- save some trees and some cash in the long run.
Renewing this magazine is a mistake, as all the info is recycled over time.  Nothing really new after you've received it for a year.
I gave this subscription to my husband as a gift while he was in law school so he would have something else to read besides law books.  He likes to exercise and keep fit but he was not overly impressed with this magazine.  He like the first few magazines that came but the one's after that seemed to feature the same type of stories and had a lot of advertisments for things.  We did not re-order.
I do not like this magazine, I have tried to like it but find it to full of junk, lot of ads, to few infomation regarding exercise routines and sometimes I found two very different advise of the same thing in the same issue so I am left confused, go at take a look if you like it get a subscription if you don't buy instead Men's Workout or Exercise for Men Only, more stuff in less pages and more to the point.
To much advertisement print is yought to read and subject matter is juvenille I will not be ordering next time
I love the magazine but the customer service sucks. I ordered the magazine in April 2010; knowing that I would not receive my first edition for 6-8 weeks. So I purchased the May, June, and July edition at the news stand. I received the May issue on  June 30 and the June issue on July 7, 2010. I called customer service explaining that I already purchased the May, June, and July issues. They told me that they would only extend my subscription for one month (until May 2011). I thought this was very poor of them. I am getting really tired of talking to someone overseas.
In the mid-90's, Men's Health was a fantastic magazine.  For the past few years, it has been nothing but a mouthpiece for nationalized healthcare, taxation on "sinful" foods, and other bad ideas designed to limit personal freedoms.  It still has a few good tips from time-to-time, but you have to be willing to overlook a lot of nonsense to find them.
For several years I was a subscriber, but within the pas couple years it seems the quality has gone down. This magazine is no longer something that I enjoy reading every article of as I did in the past. I still get one or two copies a year, but its content has changed for the worse. Now it seems that its more focused on trends and trying to be hip in a metrosexual sort of way.
I subscribed to Men's Health for over two years and recently I've been going through the back issues to cut out some stuff for an art project and I can attest that 'there are only so many ab exercises one can do'. Every month there is a fold out workout plan /poster that focuses on a certain area of the body (abs, shoulders, legs, etc) and looking back it was pretty much the same stuff every month. I guess it would be good for someone that needs a new routine every now and then or a reminder of how to properly stay in form. The stuff in the beginning is usually diet and quick news bits about health, some sex-related Q&A, and well ads throughout. Go to your local market and pick up a copy. Go through it and just imagine every month being basically the same with minor tweaks in the info. There are good articles from time to time however. I would simply read these online if it happens to catch my interest from looking at the cover.
I wish I would have bought one off the news stand before subscribing.  This is pretty much cosmopolitan for men.  There is only a few good workout/eating tips per week and most are repeats of previous weeks.  i'm not going to resubscribe.
I enjoy the magazine, however, When I purchased it on Amazon, they said it would start in 6 weeks. Instead, Men's Health sent me back issues of Setember and October. I already have them. This is an issue that should be looked at. If you purchase an item to start at a certain time, it should'nt be allowed to send back issues.
I had a subscription for a year (10 issues). The truth be told, you could have a 10 year subscription and only get one issue every time.Let's face it, every issue talks about blasting your biceps/arms/guns, melting/eliminating/flattening your "gut" and having amazing/mind blowing/explosive sex  (there, I just reviewed three issues). Add whichever dude is currently in some action flick or divorcing Demi Moore on the cover and bam, you have a new issue.Unless you are always low on toilet paper, pass on the subscription and just pick up a single issue.
Pretty tricky.I order 1 year Subscription. It is noted that it will be 4 - 6 weeks before I get my first copy, no problem with that.But when I get my first copy, Mid June, it's the Issue for March. So I am started off with a 2 month old issue. Why would anyone want or expect back orders as part of a New Subscription? I am expecting, mid June, to get July's issue.I find this a little crooked and crummy.If that is part of my 12 issues, I certainly will not reorder and will be more cautious of Subscriptions through Amazon's lightning deals.That is what my Rating is based on.
If you ARE convinced that you want to subscribe to Men's Health (for the light and casual read that it is) dont bother buying it on Amazon. The magazine website has the one-year subscription for $5 less.
I have recieved this magazine for free going on a year now. Although I do like some of the articles, I find that it seems to be ironically aimed towards the overweight reader who is experiencing sexual problems. The workouts listed always tell a person how to &quot;slim down&quot; or &quot;get rid of that gut&quot;. Personally, I'm 18 and not fat, so it's quite hard to find any workouts geared for me. As to the second part of my argument, I don't see why they feel a need to include sexual topics in the magazine, but if they must, they needn't go as far as they do. Call me old fashioned, but I think that health magazines should be about getting healthy and staying there, not old fat guys who have lost their stamina.
Bottom-Line: I have come to the conclusion the "Men's Health" is not written for me.The world of men's magazines is festooned with glossy covers adorned with half dressed woman and mostly vapid content geared toward the more Neanderthal and or juvenile among us.  In a world filled with Maxim and Stuff magazines, "Men's Health" magazine stands out as a periodical with some substance, style and intellect, but after reading the latest issue I am certainly not sold.  And what is with all of the lists?I had been meaning to pick up an issue of "Men's Health Magazine" for quite some time when I picked up a copy--the October 2007 issue--while shopping for a computer manual at Borders.  The cover--as they always tend to do--featured a rather buff Jason Statham and article titles in big bold letters designed to catch the attention of that man looking for advise on Six-Pack ABS, or how to Dress for More Sex, or how to Eat Better and Think Smarter, or (my favorite) read what 1,293 Sexy Women Confess What They Want in Bed."Men's Health Magazine," whose tag line is Tons of Useful Stuff, was founded in 1987 and is published 10 times a year by the Rodale Inc.  The magazine began publishing in the United Kingdom in 1995.  Today "Men's Health Magazine" is published in 36 editions worldwide, distributed to 48 countries, and enjoyed a (2005) U.S. circulation of some 1.8 million.The problem with "Men's Health" is that there is very little useful information to be found with the fold of the magazine despite it daunting size.  Most of the articles are snippets of information stuck between far too many glassy advertisements featuring young male models in clothing I would never wear and probably couldn't afford.  Same for the automobiles.  To be sure there was one rather lengthy article in the issue I read, but it was about dogs of all things!  The article I wanted to have some substance--a snippet on Michelle Ryan, the new Bionic Woman--was barely a page in length; how disappointing.And yes there was a snippet or two about healthy food, but nothing I didn't already know.  And the lists, there are endless lists of thing we can do to improve this or that, mostly dealing with self-image and sex; there are very few actually devoted to well, men's health.  Has our attention span grown so short that we must now condense or leisure reading into bullet points; endless lists that tell us how to live our lives?I have come to the conclusion the "Men's Health" is not written for me, a man in the middle of his life, settled, with a family, a regular job, with far too little time work workout, and far too little money to afford the rich life-style pimped by the magazine.  There is little practical information inside the glossy innards of "Men's Health" at least from my perspective.  Perhaps if I were young, rich, hip, the magazine would appeal to me, but I am none of those things, so...By the way what is the deal with all the lists?  Oh I already asked that question, I am still waiting for an answer.
Mother Jones is an odd magazine: the topics covered in the magazine are mostly interesting. The articles however are extremely long and contain next to no information. Don't get me wrong, I am all for long articles... if they contain well summarized, well researched information. This is not the case for most articles in Mother Jones. It seems that the authors are trying to hide as little information as possible in a 10 page long prose story about sympathetic characters. In some cases, a bit more semi-humorous information is hidden amongst some drawings.All in all, this seems like kids news for hip grown-ups: the author knows that the reader doesn't really care about complicated stuff such as politics or economics, but still wants to pretend to be a well-informed intellectual, so he wraps about a bit of information in a nice story. Some people might like that kind of journalism, I prefer real news!And be warned: if you subscribe to Mother Jones, you will be flooded with junk mail.
Me: Independent. I like varying points of views, but the agenda of this magazine is too relentlessly leftward. The writing is well done, and it does act to balance the similar excessiveness of the far right. In that regard, Mother Jones can be thought of as a useful tool if your trying to find the truth between the two extremes.My other magazine subscriptions: The Economist (5 stars), The Smithsonian (5 stars), Popular Mechanics (2 stars)
i am a mens health reader after my subscription expired i decided to try this magazine as its seen all over news stand .. man what was i thinking, they hardly show you great work out, shows you some tip...the emphasis is on advertisement and girls.. for fun i started to count how many pages of advertisement were in the magazine, the magazine was about 160 ish.. pages and about 90ish were advertisement thats about 60% of magazine filled with advertisement.. and they wanna charge $40 a year for this lol..definately not worth it... unless u get it from discount magazines.. dont bother not worth the money ..
Never got the copies on my kindle. Not sure if it is a bug or not but will not be buying this again
All I got was a bunch of colorful advertisements for different supplements. There were plenty of pictures and the occasional attractive female, but I learned how to read. Then it got into the sport and sometimes you got to read about exercises. I did a cycle of this mag. It just repeats itself. It got old and I felt like I just paid to get advertised to. They should have paid me to read this magazine.
I used to buy this off the shelf each month, but last November, my wife bought me a subscription.  I bought the December issue,...cause it hadn't arrived by mail yet. No problem.  In January, I received the November issue.  A few weeks later, in early February, I received the December issue, but not the January, so I went out and bought the January.  By the end of February, still hadn't received the Feb yet, so bought it.  Then, received the January issue and a few weeks later the February.  I was fed up.  I know they were getting 'caught up', but not only was I getting editions that I'd already bought off the shelf, but I figured these were counting against my 12 issues.  I cancelled.  They deducted a few bucks from my refund for "issues received" and had no apologies for the mess.I like the magazine, but I will say that if you read it over time, it become redundant.  The suggested work-outs are mostly rehashes of past work-out routines.  Lets face it...there are only so many ways to work out and when you get right down to it, you gotta hit it hard and often, change things up, etc...bla bla bla...  The BEST part of the magazine are the few pages they dedicate to the correct way to execute a lift or detail what muscles are hit.  Lots of Weider ads...but then its a Weider publication, so what can you expect...I'd buy it off the shelf because you'll eventually get tired of the same old thing...and their subscription program is iffy.-D
I have been reading this mag off and on for the past 20 years.  As other reviews have said, I think I am just reading the same tired old stuff from three or four issues ago.  "Big Guns!"  "Huge Chest!"  "Massive Gains!"  These seem to be the ones you'll see featured about every other month in here.  As for adds?  Don't get me started on adds!  When half of your magazine is adds, it spells trouble.  Not only that, they need to specify to people who may not already know, "This mag's training tips are for people who do not work for a living and can spend 6-8 hours a day in the gym, eat 8-10 meals a day and spend MASSIVE amounts of cash on supplements."  In other words, people with no real responsibilities other than taking care of their physiques (Which as far as jobs go, that's a great one to have). I teach all day and into the night, literally, for me to eat and train like they require, I'd have to quit my day job, sell my kids into slavery, and become a homeless person.  In which case I'd have no money to have a gym membership.  I think you get the idea.On the positive side, the photos are awe-inspiring.  Also, to be realistic, it's a mag that has been around for decades upon decades.  How many different ways can you say, "Lift heavy, eat like a horse, and train like you have no other responsibilities in life"? It just becomes repetitive any way you slice it.  My recommendation would be to buy an issue or two every decade or so.  Buy January's "BIG GUNS" issue, and then February's "HUGE CHEST".  Then wait a decade and repeat.Good luck!
Since the recent decline of Men's Fitness, there really isnt't a reliable, realistic montly men's workout magazine.  I picked up a copy of Muscle and Fitness, just for some workout tips and ideas, as I remembered when I read the magazine in the 80's that it was quite good.Now it's quite full of ads.From the same 4 or 5 companies.As an experiment I ripped out every page in the the magazine that had ads on both sides.  I ended up ripping out 90 pages.90 pages!Out of a magazine with 266 pages.A full one third of this magazine is ads that fool people into taking crappy, expensive supplements so that they will end up looking like Ahnold (who has joined the magazine as Executive Editor).You'd be better off by picking up one book for workout (like Body Sculping For Men or Women), one book for nutrition (like Eat to Live by Fuhrman) and save your money and your time.You get a great looking body by eating healthy and working out regularly, not by gulping down supplements popping pills.
I can only say, that I agree with some of the reviews referencing issues of M&F; from years past. In my case, the late 80's and early 90's, cover to cover, nothing but tons of information, informative articles, cooking tips, exercise tips and routines, fewer ads and most importantly, it was inspirational!I was always looking forward to reading the first few pages of this magazine, despite the fact that at the time I did not even know how to read, write or speak english.It would take me hours to read and understand the articles, because I had to use an English / Spanish dictionary to understand everything and I use to pay a premium to have these shipped to me in Mexico! This is how good it used to be!I picked one of these magazines the other day and my God, how its changed! It lacks the inspiration, magic and truthfulness that it once had! Now, it looks more like a MuscleTech brochure!I am giving it two stars, just because if you look past the ads, there is still some good information, but definitely not as much nor as great as before and certainly, not worth a subscription.
I used to really like this magazine, but it seems to be going down hill very rapidly now.  It is about half the size it used to be, and contains way too much advertising.  I suspect that the reason is that Stephen J. Gould's column is what made the magazine so popular, until he quit writing it before he died.  I will definitely be letting my subscription expire.
I don't get it.  It's one of those magazines that you should be able to pick up for free in front of your local pizza place or bar.  There are a lot of ads for Orange County plastic surgeons and dating services; if you're looking for either of those, this ones for you.
APO Address, living overseas. We have the issue on the news stand about 3-5 weeks before I get my copy in the mail. I do not use an Ipad, and the Kindle edition does not show up on my android device. Not planning to renew.
I got this on a free promotion because i bought some sports item here and i thought cool. Turned out it's one, if not the worst magazine i've ever read. I get the feeling it's not much more than a picture layout for people with plenty of cash to entice them into buying more things. I really wanted to rate it one star but somehow those one star reviews somehow lose credibility- i mean how bad can it be? so ok, I'll give it one and a half. Complete garbage, and that's another thing i feel bad about.
(I sent the following letter to their customer service last week)After about 15 years of getting your magazine, I have decided not to renew my subscription. It is a shame that your once great publication has become such a joke.After receiving your November issue, and spending 10 minutes removing all the inserts and gimmick ads so I could actually read it, I found no substance. Instead there is a fashion section (yikes), a `hot list' with young barely dressed men and women (hey I'm not against a little sex and skin, but I'll subscribe to Vogue or Maxim for that), an article about Larry David's wife that might as well have come from People magazine, an Aussie travelogue that I am convinced their tourist board paid for, all sandwiched in between so many ads for monster SUVs and other crap that you need a compass and a map just to keep up with where the articles worth reading continue from one page to the next.What happened to the great writers like Krakauer? What happened to having any environmental conscience? Where are the stories of adventure that are real and make you want to go there? Maybe I am just getting older than your current demographic. I haven't lost my sense of adventure, which is why I live in Durango CO and spend a lot of time outdoors. I used to look to your magazine for inspiration. Now I half expect the cover to tout stories on `killer abs'. You've become the Clear Channel of the outdoor magazine world.Get real again and I may come back.
Outside is not the magazine I remember from years ago. The ratio of substance to drivel appears to be steadily increasing. Fully half the content is oriented towards consumption of products. The old magazine used to inspire me to get outdoors and do things; in the current version, every awesome and/or inspirational photo or article is accompanied by a dozen lightweight features about how privileged white people can spend their excess cash.  Thanks, but no thanks. I'm opting out.
If you like Jack Johnson,Lance Armstrong, Kelly Slater (or the blonde surfer) this is the magazine for you- you'll be seeing alot of them.  I used to subscribe to this magazine for years, but it became 'the same old thing', so I quit.
Outside magazine sucks there's no product reviews in it or very little.When I took the Backpacker magazine there where lotsof outproduct reviews Im going to buy backpacker magazineagain for this  reason.
I'm not sure who's at the helm of this operation but I'd be willing to bet they don't get Outside too often. Not to be too cynical about it, but I just don't find this mag to be as USEFUL as it was before. If you like LOTS of articles on who the coolest extreme sports stars are, how they got their abs, and what gear they're wearing, subscribe NOW. The magazine looks amazing, the photography is top notch and they still manage to come up with a thorny article on the environment periodically. But for my money, it just feels like the editorial staff has been plucked from New York image mags that do one thing really well - SELL. I read National Geographic Adventure, and unlike Outside, I USE IT for information because it has CONTENT.
Outside used to be a pretty interesting magazine, but somehow turned into a totally dumb men's mag about dumb stuff. I guess they think only vapid shallow wealthy men enjoy the outdoors? boooring.
I used to enjoy this magazine for the VARIETY of adventures. The stories and photos were equally captivating. Now I'm able to skim through an issue and toss it in the recycling bin because the substance and interesting stories just aren't there anymore. When my subscription runs out in a couple months, that's it - no renewals. Frankly I get more enjoyment out of the Patagonia catalogs I get. They have great stories and photos sandwiched between the attire, however I don't have to pay for a subscription.
There is nothing worth reading in Outside any more. They seem to fill up their pages with "Gear Guides" and half their magazine looks like a product catalog (with boots and jackets that most of us can't afford). Occasionally there used to be good articles, but even those seem to have disappeared. Outside is now just a magazine that is below mediocre and attempts to disguise its fluff with flashy graphics and self aggrandizing language.I thought it funny when they started sending me free issues of GO, their attempt at creating an upscale version of Outside for the rich people. I opened it up and it was filled with more gear guides, except the gear was even more expensive.If you are truly an outdoors person, pick up an issue of Backpacker. It will inspire you to get outside and explore vs. Outside mag, which just wants to inspire you to buy from their sponsors.
This is an okay Magazine for the person who is learning some basic Man skills, and for obvious reviews of products. This used to be a Great Magazine. I have to admit the Exciting Covers make me want to buy it, and some of the articles are interesting. I will not renew when the time comes. It is just not what I thought it was. Will be good for some people.
I got 2 issues .. I mean delivered 2 months.. BUT no more !!!crooks.  crooks  and MORE crooksIS THIS eBAY or Amazon??where's my magazines.... ( calm down I did not ask for ammo )well not this time..... WHERE IS da other months!!!!!!!!!
so sad to see this great mag go down hill had,t  read it in several years will not subscribe again
I renewed on Nov. 7. Today is Dec. 9 and so far Popular Mechanics has not acknowledged the renewal. It has not shown up on my mailing label. I expect to see it on my next magazine, but I can't give a really good rating until I am sure that it went thru correctly.
After the conclusions they drew from the 9-11 destruction, how do you believe anything they write?  Impossible to see their reasoning on that and to me, that draws suspicion about everything else they write.  Just another part of mainstream media.
I ordered this magazine as a gift and entered the  address to which gift was to be sent.  The first issue arrived at MY address....I contacted the magazine and hope to goodness the error has been corrected.  I've had no correspondence telling if it has or hasn't  I doubt I'll order magazines thru Amazon again.
I got hooked into ordering this magazine because there are some great DIY articles on their website, and I thought it might be nice and inspiring to see some projects and read about emerging technology in the print magazine. Boy was I disappointed. I have only received two issues so far, but from what I have seen it is mostly advertisement. Even some of the key articles are cleverly disguised advertisements. For example, the most recent issue had an article about how to build your own backyard fire pit. I turned to that article only to find that it was less an "article" and more like installation instructions for a $500 kit that is basically made of retaining wall stones. There are several supposed "articles" like this that are really nothing more than cleverly disguised advertisements.Also, I don't care for the way they lay out their articles. They are very choppy with bits and pieces of writing laid out on top of pictures, rather than structured paragraphs. Like I said, I have only received two magazines so far. If it manages to impress me through the rest of my subscription I will come back and improve the star rating, but for now it seems like they missed an opportunity to deliver legitimate articles to the casual techie and DIY guy.All of that being said, if you can see through the advertisements there is still a bit of entertainment to be gleaned from the articles and it is worthy of sitting next to the porcelain throne for casual looking through, much like a catalog or used car trader magazine might. That is why I gave it two stars instead of one.
Too much preaching and not enough of the old &#34;gee whiz!&#34;  If you want to read the party line about how bad we have been and the world can only be saved by going green, green, green, and we are the cause of all bad things, this is the magazine for you.  I may be overreacting, and I kind of like to read what the other side is up to, but I find this magazine pedantic, preachy, and tiresome.
It took me 25 seconds to list through first 1/4 of the magazine to find anything to read. A lot of adds. I guess that;s why the price is low. However, not too many articles in the first issue a I received. Bit disappointing.
At a dollar an issue, it makes for acceptable bathroom reading, but little else.  The content has gradually de-volved from catering to the DIYer, to an obsession with flying cars, that seem to be just around the next corner.  For the past 80 years or so...
This is not the same PM as I remember in the past.  The layout of each page is confusing and a bit hard to follow.  The offer was good ($), but I will probably not renew after the first year.
90% of the articles are between stupid and boring (for example, all kind of truck related stuff). occasionally there is an interesting article about something that is useful or innovative.
I went through only one issue and canceled my subscription. advertisements advertisements advertisements, and some short useless columns. I wouldn't recommend.
Jay Leno's column is cool but it is in every other issue, not monthly. I agree that PM gives a good overview of tech stuff and its great to have the advice columns for us home and auto owners. I find, though, the mag is too technical at times- it echoes the all too common tendency of many companies to focus on features and not on ease of use or simplicity of the product. Tech for its own sake, in other words. They often write about "fantasy inventions"- things that would not work in the real world, e.g an underwater house- how would you deal w/barnacles? They also make a big deal over "patriotic" events which seem too bureacratic to be in this mag. I don't buy this mag to read about a festival honoring veterans, even though I appreciate vets.
Completely rediculous that I place an order for this item in November and estimated ship date is the end of February. I will not buy a magazine from these people again. I bought this as a Christmas gift. I can understand maybe a few weeks after Christmas but 2 months is out of hand
Based on the description on Amazon specifically and my impression of the magazine generally, I was expecting Popular Mechanics to focus on things I find interesting: gadgets, DIY home tips, etc.  Unfortunately, I've been pretty disappointed.  Each issue might have one or two things I find interesting, but I am mostly left feeling that there's just not very much content.  There seems to be way too much discussion on military technology.  I find that disappointing because (a) PM takes an approach that seems to glorify war and (b) more importantly, it's just not relevant to my life at all.  I was hoping for a magazine that catered to educated, tech-y, guys that are aspiring to be handy, but PM seems to cater more to dudes that want to read about guns and cars more than finding information that can be put to use.Edit: I should be clear that my objection to the military type of content isn't necessarily based on my politics -- I just don't find discussions of military tech very interesting or useful to me.
i am half tempted to cancel this, and get my $7 back.  what a horrible magazine.  i kid you not when i say that out of 127 pages, 100 of them are advertisements, and the other 27 pages are "articles"  but out of those 27 pages, 5 of them are really just advertisements written by the guys who make the magazine.  15 of those pages are articles that contain less then 50 words a page, and the last 5 are REAL articles that have some sort of story written on the page.times are hard, i understand, but i can not see buying this magazine again with that many advertisements.  this magazine is going nowhere fast, do not expect it to be around much longer.  i was looking for a real magazine, with around 50% or less advertisements and good stories.
I bought a subscription to Popular Mechanics when it was on subscription sale on Amazon. The name sounds cool and educational, it is not very expensive. How could anyone go wrong?Well there is a reason this magazine's subscription costs so little. The pages with ads take up more space than the articles themselves. The ads are distributed throughout the pages of the magazine, not only at the end. But if you ignore the ads and look at the articles themselves, they are nothing special. The magazine's editors sometimes mention how many years thsi magazine has been in print since very early 1900s. Ironically , some of the articles written, are about something an older person may write about or be interested. Very often it is very random things related to technology, electronics, and science. It is difficult to focus on anything in particular.If you're thinking of getting it as a subscription to something "scientific" for your kids, then keep in mind that this magazine has cigarette ads and even coupons you could send to a tobacco company to get discounted cigarettes or samples. Some ads at the end are sometimes about "intimate enhancement" and ads for special pheromones that will help attract women. Something like Wired is better, it has ads, but the ads are creative and unique and the magazine is thicker than Popular Mechanics. Magazine like Maximum PC is also better as it has very specific articles about current technology, not technology in general as Popular Mechanic does. That said, depending on your interests, you should be able to find at least one interesting article between two issues.If you can get the subscription for under $8 or so, then it can be worth it, if you like to have some magazines around the house, but better options such as the ones I mention above, are available for just a little more.
Picked up the September 2010 issue at an Airport Newstand and was disappointed.The cover story, Radical Vehicles, was both dated and pointless. 100 MPG is an embarrasingly low target for the X-Prize in 2010 when the Aptera, a "car" featured in this article, was announced with 150 MPG potential in early 2008. The 2008 announcement was more in-depth than this article.The backyard inventions article featured a spokeless bicycle from Yale. The article described nothing of consequence regarding the bicycle which would be interesting if there was on single benifit of a spokeless bicycle.Generally, the articles in the magazine seemed to be trivial and rarely even skimmed the surface of any issue of discussion.
PM would be a whole lot better with fewer adds, deeper articles and less political slant. In my opinion there is a severe lack substance, depth and are in general poorly organized. Articles are diluted and peppered with ads right in the middle of the text...organization is atrocious. As an adult, you'd think you'd be able to push through it and get it read. Then I realized I shouldn't be doing this. You'll start reading an article of great interest and you just fade out in frustration. Also, the magazine has a political agenda that is disheartening when the focus is and should be DIY and product education. It's just not worth it anymore, so I cancelled my subscription and will have to find something else. Sorry PM!
This was a gift for my Dad. He has only received one magazinewe I ordered it in Nov. and that one took longer because your order people didn't get his name right. If any one cares please take a look at the name on the order. He needs the full name an number.Maybe put the number on the next line. So far pretty poor service.
Great magazine but NO Kindle Edition? Is this the 80's or is this the 21st century? I've emailed the editor of Popular Mechanics asking why they are not yet available as a Kindle subscription, but not even a reply.Come on Amazon & Popular Mechanics, you're missing out on millions of potential subscribers. We are kindle users and WE DON'T want to support paper based products anymore. Bring Popular Mechanics to Kindle.
It was not enough & interesting as new ideas in Mechanics.I couldn't find what is a news around the world & US for now.
This definitely a magazine for gearheads.  It's pretty much just equipment reviews and advertisements.  I would have given it a higher rating but for two things:1) I don't think I've ever seen Popular Photography not LOVE any piece of equipment.  The reviews can still be useful if you're just wondering what features the new gizmo has, but still, they ought to be a bit more critical if they're going to be such a review based magazine.2) Many of the ads are from vendors with bad reputations.  I believe they make some sort of claim about requiring a certain level of honesty from anyone they sell ad space from, but it sure doesn't look like they have ever kicked anyone out of the magazine to me.So what do you have when you have a magazine full of uncritical reviews, the occasional beginnerish article about technique, and a lot ads from stores of dubious virtue?  At best a 2 star magazine.
I have been a subscriber for a few years and have found alot of the articles repetitive and not all that educational. Recently I have subscribed to Shutterbug which is a much better magazine for both the novice and professional photographer. Its articles are insightful and even after many years they still can teach this old photographer a few new tricks !!!!
I didn't notice how many ADs were really in this magazine.You would think since this magazine isn't free, and you do have to pay a subscription, that ADs wouldn't be so overwhelming.  Well...Out of the 152 pages this magazine has...108 of those were ADs.Ummmm...Maybe they should rename their magazine.Popular ADs & some photography.Atleast this subscription was given to me for free.If you want an artisticlly creative magazine with photos from people like YOU! then subscribe to JPG mag.  You post your photos on their site, [...], and people vote for the specific category...if it gets the most votes, it gets in the mag. And no, I don't work for JPG...I just am very fond of their works.
My daughter has not started receiving the magazine. When will she start getting it. I ordered it in December.  ?????
As others have said, this magazine is maybe useful if you're a total beginner.  Every issue is essentially the same--so much so that I can't even tell them apart from looking at the covers.  Also if you own a camera already, much of the magazine is irrelevant product reviews.This magazine truly caters to the lowest common denominator.  Letters to the editors are petulant and unnecessary (one even complained about the use of the word "photo" instead of "photograph").  Don't expect a single to issue to go by without some uninformed digital vs film mudslinging.This magazine is not about photography as art so much as photography as a technical process.  The pictures included are usually techincally very good and aesthetically interesting, but very very conventional landscapes, wildlife, and portraits.  Don't expect any innovation and risk here.  For a magazine that focuses on the art of photograpy consider something like JPG magazine.If you're a beginner this may help you out, and if you're on the market for a new piece of equipment the reviews could be useful.  Otherwise, expect to find the same information rehashed ad nausium, ignorant pundants trying to sound important, and columns and articles that manage to spend several pages saying nothing.  Oh, and you can see some nice but generic pictures.
Getting back into photography after many years away, I was disappointed to see the direction and quality this magazine is championing. Gimmicks and Photoshop manipulation are no substitute for the due diligence required to at least begin with a good image. Post work has it's place for subtle tweaking to enhance an image, but what I am seeing is a general movement toward the world as viewed through the eyes of science fiction and fantasy.Come on people! Show me what compels you to want to share your vision. Show me the beauty that only you see. Open my eyes! Ease up on the computer generated imagery of a world that doesn't exist.
Too little information, e.g. the articles are short and the contents are shallow, different from the newsstand issues; too many ads, as if I paid for catalog, I cancelled the auto renewal after receiving the first two issues.
This magazine is not for the casual photographer.  Lots of technical info.  Wish  it would have had more info on how to take great pictures.
After reveived the renewal letter and getting my friend's phone call yesterday, I decide to say good-bye to this magazine --I have been reading Popular Photography for about 8 years.  I had feeling for several times that they sent me renewal letter earlier that it should be, but because I was busy, I just sent them checks and had it renowed.  But this time, My last renewal was in June or July 2012 when I moved to my new home -- I had a clear starting point.  As I concerned, only after about 6 issues, they stopped sending me magazine and let me renew again!  Meanwhile, a friend who used the subscription card I gave to him 3 months ago also had trouble.  He paid for 2 years, but they said he didn't pay after cashing the check.  After my friend further explained he had already paid (including providing copy of the check), a third-party money-collection company sent him letter to threat.Shame of you, Popular Photography!  Because your articles sometimes were helpful, I give you two stars instead of one star.
I bought this magazine while waiting at the airport hopefully to learn something.  Disappointed, I found too many ads in the magazine while information is so-so.
Subscribed for a year and didn't renew my subscription.First, as other reviewers have already noticed, sexual performance advertisements are hardly appropriate in a magazine targeted, among other groups, to children.Also, and even more importantly, a magazine pretending to be scientific should not pitch witch doctor's potions using pseudo-scientific gibberish like &#34;Today people drink water that has a hydrogen bond angle of 104 degrees. They need to be drinking water with a bond angle of 114 degrees.&#34;Such advertisements put the veracity of the articles into question, too. I found this particularly amusing after the &#34;thank you&#34; note from the magazine's departing editor, John Ward, who claimed that all stories published are &#34;scientifically proven&#34;. Both the advertisement above and the note appeared in the January 2014 issue.
About half of every issue of this magazine is devoted to glowing articles about new car models and other commercially-available gadgets.When I subscribed, I hoped to be kept abreast of new discoveries and theories in science, as well as their practical applications. I was disappointed. Perhaps I'll try Scientific American next.
I have not received a single issue however I did get a card from PS saying that the delivery would begin later (more than 6 weeks) than advertised because of demand.
I have been a subscriber to Popular Science for nearly ten years.  I never detected a political bias, that is until the current editor took over a few years ago.  His political bias was immediately obvious.  I don't need politics in my science, but liberal politics pervades every corner of the magazine under the current editor.  Everything from the topics covered, to the perspective of the articles, is steeped in liberal bias.  I liked the magazine a lot better without the propaganda, when the editor's politics were imperceptible.  I will not be renewing my subscription.
I haven't read Popular Science in 10-15 years and was interested in getting the family into reading it. But yikes -- each issue is basically a huge ad. Many articles are just product spotlights a.k.a. promotion. Very little actual science content in each issue. Sad. Not renewing my subscription that expires in 1 month.
I used to love reading my parents subscription to this magazine... but it seems to have been watered down significantly over the last decade. Anymore, after the &quot;gee whiz&quot; factor wears off, I am not left with any real feeling of substance of signficant scientific insight.
Have not recieved this product yet, a month later.  Nothing to review so far really.  I wish I had an expected arrival date.
This skinny little magazine has no science in it any longer. Gone are the projects, experiments, and future fantasy that this magazine was known for in the past.I guess I was expecting what I remember. Got to the point I just threw it out without reading it. I would never bother to subscribe again. The time for such magazines is past.Jim in So Calif
I bought this magazine subscription for my grandson's 12th birthday. Luckily, I had it come to my house first. I had to go through and censor the magazine. It had very explicit advertisements geared towards sex. Not something a 12 year old should be exposed to. I found this under magazines for children 12 to 16. I think you should change the age group for this type of magazine. It's a shame that you have those ads, as I will continue to censor them as they come in, but I will discontinue this magazine in a year and go with a more age appropriate magazine.
There is only a small portion that is not ads. Rather than keep the whole magazine I tear out  and file what is important. Sorry,but I was disappointed. Will not renew.
I was a biology major when I purchased this magazine. I was hoping for more articles related to breakthroughs in science regarding biology. Just about every issue talks about the new utopia, how the world is going to change with futuristic designs in housing and transportation. I am over it.
So far I recieved two of the same mag's in two month's time. I am waiting if I will get the exact same one for a third month.....
I renewed 3 time in a year.  The auto-renewal kick in after 5 mos.  I cannot cancel the order.  Don't do auto renewal.
Treats the notion of global warming as proven fact. While climate has always changed and always will, the impact of humanity on it is far from settled fact.
I liked my subscription to Popular Science, but probably wouldn't have renewed it.  However, it was renewed automatically.  I had to go through some steps to turn off the auto-renew feature so it won't happen again next year.  Like I said, I like the magazine, so I'm not too upset about getting it for another year.  I just didn't like the automatic renewal.
The order was placed 5/1........Just got a postcard (5/28) stating the start of the subscription is delayed  and the first issue will arrive in 10-12 weeks............order date 5/1.....receive first issue around September 1....unacceptable!
I canceled my subscription when they decided to become Global Warming Political Advocate Magazine.  I swear they worked a global warming angle into every other story.  I think they were operating under the premise that if they just mentioned it "matter of factly" often enough, people would assume it must be true.And each issue opened up with a letter from the editor blah blah blah-ing away about your carbon footprint, etc.  So I decided to save some trees and cancel my subscription.  Ya know, for the sake of the planet.That editor, Mark Jannot, has since been canned (then he got fired from Readers Digest too).  But I have decided to honor mark by not purchasing his products, thus reducing my carbon footprint.
Gone 21st century and that isn't an improvement in my book.  Used to love this mag, but highly disappointed in its current state.
Out of 5 issues I recieved only the first 2 though they keep extending the subscribtion in a effort to appease - 3 time now and no delivery.  I have canceled the subscribtion and asked for a refund of any money due me. I I have not recieved any confirmation response from Bonnier corporaton yet.
I have read that this is a great and very interesting magazine, and i do not have an issue with the product it's self. BUT i ordered this magazine a(2 year subscription) before Christmas, and now Amazon says that the 1st one will arrive in march sometime? That is ridiculous, and even though it is a great low price, i would have expected it arrive by now.
Will the substave articles are interesting and informative, there is too much advertising. It makes me wonder if I have purchased a magazine to be informed about new subjects or have purchased advertising.
When I was a little kid in the 1950s and 1960s, PopSci was the one magazine I looked forward to every month. Each thick issue was full of articles on everything from the latest scientific breakthroughs to gadgets you could build in your basement shop. They commissioned vacation home designs from architects, told you how to build a radio, and helped you maintain your car (anyone remember Smokey's Garage?)Today's PopSci is 90 pages of brief essays, and there's nothing here you can't find by browsing a few web pages like Engadget, Science Daily, and yes, PopSci's own website. Instructables has more projects than you'll find a a year of PS.But that's the way the world is going. WIth so many general and special interest web sites out there providing the same information, and often breaking stories the day they come out, there's not really a place for a brief collection of technology stories that has to be assembled several months in advance.
First off let me admit that I'm a massive science geek. And no that doesn't mean I wear plastic glasses or own an iPhone- that means I read and understand real science articles (ex. Science magazine, arXiv.org).  In recent times I've even graduated past Scientific American, the real popular science magazine, because I'm usually ahead of that magazine. But don't let that scare you off! Having a geek review a science magazine is like having an auto mechanic tell you about car parts- listen to the guy who knows his stuff before taking advice from someone who doesn't know the subject who says it "seems" like a good thing.To go ahead and get the counter-argument out of the way, yes having Popular Science in the house is better than nothing. It's like a mechanic saying if you're not comfortable doing your own oil changes, at least clean your windows once in a while- you can do that at least. For a voracious reader, adding PopSci to your subscriptions is a fine way to pad out your reading and keep you from switching to tabloids or whatever else you might crave. But there are better options.Popular Science is borderline science fiction, sensationalizing random prototypes or trials in a field to always be "the next big thing". If one random billionaire investor somewhere in the Rockies has had a company custom build him a glider so he can dive off a mountain, then there's a "trend" and "personal aviation may well be the transportation of the future" or some such hype. It's good stuff for interesting little kids in science, when they can look at the fanciful designs and then run around the house going "whoosh" with their arms out. In fact, a great many of today's scientists grew up with starry-eyed vision of old issues of PopSci. But kids aren't the ones reading this magazine these days, as the adult-oriented advertising demonstrates, and I can't really recommend the current magazine except as a last resort.If you really care about becoming an informed citizen, and staying on top of current issues in science (and you should! your whole world depends on all sorts of scientific advancements!), you'll pick up Scientific American first. Scientific American can get heavy, but power through! You'll feel your brain getting tougher with every issue. You'll also see the real heart of science- healthy debate, and argumentation. Some issues have had to spend a healthy part of their text running counter-articles after a gathering of intellectual heavyweights wanted to clarify or argue something in a previous issue- that's real science in action. If you really want to fortify your mental reserves, you'll add on a copy of Skeptic to inoculate yourself against the hoodoo and brainwashing that often goes unquestioned in the media. Between these two, you will be continually challenged by new and fantastic thinking in every imaginable field. And there's no better way to help a kid along the path to scientific literacy, than to have a parent who understands the field first.Sure, the real science is in Science and Nature- some Nobel prize-winning advancements saw their first publications there- but Scientific American is the closest you can get without advanced training. And yes, if the only way you can possibly get someone (including yourself) interested in science is with pretty pictures, PopSci isn't a bad thing to have. Sometimes all of us need to feel like a kid, seeing a cool new toy and imagining what the world would be like if we had it, and that's what PopSci is best at.
It's too bad that they have succumed to pushing the leftist political agenda. It used to be a great magazine. I'm not renewing my subscription.
When I was a teenager &#60;cough&#62;, I liked this magazine.  But over the years I've become really disappointed in the thin gimicky style.  Lots of hype and filler, and not much meat.  These types of magazines tend to carry numb-brained scare-and-fantasy oriented titles like &#34;Will Einstein's theories cause lethal tidal waves?!?&#34; and &#34;Nanotechnology's promise of immortality&#34;.  &#60;sigh&#62;.  Discover magazine and Scientific American are better, but only slightly.  I'm much more impressed with Science magazine.
Unless you're interested in the science of advertising save your money.  It seams as though there is a 9:1 advertising to content ratio.  Left wanting more science, even though the articles that they do publish are interesting enough to not believe that I was ripped off.
The biggest advantages of this mag are it's cheap and it's really 'popular'. Which means you don't need much science education to understand almost all their articles. It's an ok reading for children in their tender age, say 15 and below. Why PG? as other reivewers had pointed out, the loads of ads populated at the back of the mag are not scientific and often sxual oriented. If you do not yet wish to expose the next day delivered Viagra to your ten-year-old son, rip a few pages off before giving it to your kids.
Could have better topics.  Not enough articles on current science. Too many articles about futuristic possibilities.  I would like to see more about current science; what is being accomplished and how.
I'm an engineering student and generally like to read about news in science; ground breaking discoveries and important developments in our world. This magazine offers very little of either. The "popular" portion of the magazine's name should have cued me to expect something non-scientific. It's really a non-sciency science magazine for people who have no real science education. Not that there's anything wrong with not having an education in science; I have no education in literature, but I still like to read books that are not dumbed down for readability sake. It bothers me that the reading level for a science magazine has been lowered to the state of Popular Science. The articles in this magazine remind me of what you'd see on the front page of Yahoo.American Scientist is a great magazine I found that offers every bit of what I was looking for in a science magazine. Nothing is dumbed down, ads are few and far between (and also science related), and the articles are of real substance and require thinking on the reader's part.
Lots of sex/tobacco/inappropriate ads. Seems like there are far more ads than articles. Definitely canceling my subscription.
I can only give it two stars because three of 12 issues arrived in the past two weeks. To me, that is unsatisfactory. I expected that editions would be roughly 4 weeks apart.
Initially, I thought this was a pretty good magazine so i renewed it but lately I noticed some real inappropriate advts in this magazines and I don't feel comfortable sharing this mag with my 14yr old. Such magazines are NOT good for grown up kids/13plus.
Well he is still waiting. This was a gift. It is med January and no magazine. It should of been delivered this month. I checked my order and everything looks correct so it must be on the order takers side.So far service is pretty poor.
This magazine has been a huge dissapointment.  The articles are full of "fluff" in the sense that it gives you a basic scientific idea but does not give in-depth coverage.  It seems most of these articles are 1 page or less -- just enough space to give you a gist of what it is.Also, on many topics I have noticed that I had already read about it in popular mechanics two months before...written better and with more detail.  Many stories seem to be about what the Earth will be like in 50 years, ie how green technology, robots and computers will change the way we live.  Well, I am not too concerned about speculating how things MAY be 50 years from now, I want to read about current projects or ones that have a short 5-10 year goal.Another reviewer mentioned that the editor is biased; I have to agree.  I don't care what your political views are or if you're an apple or microsoft guy -- just don't push your agenda on me!Therefore, I will continue to read popular mechanics and not renew pop sci.
When I started my subscription with Psychology Today it contained sound, scientific facts, studies, advice etc.  It has since become a women's intrest magazine with advive based on unscientific, anecdotal evidence and a lot of articles on &quot;spirituality&quot;.  Women may like the new focus of the magazine but if you are looking sound information on Psychology you will not find it in Psychology Today.
I wish that this had more information about actual psychological issues and studies. It's mostly just a lot of fluffy pop filler without a lot of interesting facts or stories.
Psychology Today purports to deliver the latest trends in psychological studies to the layman, but what it really delivers is pop psychology and a whole lot of advertisements.  I give the magazine one star for a very snazzy layout, and a second star for hiring writers that don't insult the reader's intelligence by abusing alliteration (unlike another magazine supposedly aimed at intelligent adults).  However, the content is consistently concerned more with pop culture than with the lives of real people.  I have also noticed a bias against introverts in article after article that attacks shyness as a serious character defect, rather than simply a personality trait (so, introverts, if you want to avoid yet another lecture on how your way of relating to the world is intrinsically wrong, avoid this rag).
I would have to agree with the preivous comments that state that this magazine isn't worthy of its title. I subscribed before reading review, I was hoping to find an affordable psychology-based read, though some stories are interesting I'm sure I'd be able to find them in other magazines like Vogue or Cosmo. and there is plenty of ads, probably more than stories. And much like other reviewers When I first ordered it, it took forever for the first issue to arrive, now its more regular but my subscription will soon end with no renewal of course!
This magazine is strictly for laymen/newbies...on top of that, I've seen some really questionable pseudoscience published in its issues over the last few years, in particular bigoted babble about certain racial features being more attractive than others and other stuff that vaguely stinks of eugenic/sexist nonsense. Hopefully they've managed to purge some of those more noxious notions from their ranks.
I've read REDBOOK since the early 1970s, and am disappointed by the content the magazine has published for the last decade or so.  REDBOOK used to feature housekeeping, literary excerpts, beauty and style.....now it's become another ho-hum mummy mag for a housewife generation that barely exists anymore.  They have the occasional celebrity, but you can get better information on Hollywood from PEOPLE or US WEEKLY.  This is for soccer moms, with little to offer anyone else.Sad to see a great magazine lose so much of its quality and appeal.
I used to like Redbook.  I've had a subscription for years now.  But recently, they changed it all up.  They've added a ton of celebrities to draw people in, but there's no real content.  It's almost all about how you look, doing makeup and hair and how to exercise to get a tight butt.  There's a few good articles per magazine, but I hardly think it's worth it.  I don't even read it anymore.  I got 2 years for $6 so I don't feel like it's worth canceling.  I just throw it away as soon as I get it.
Just canceled my subscription, after a year-and-a-half. Unfortunately, for my tastes and lifestyle (40s, married, business owner, no children). I think Redbook is trying to be too well-rounded. I used to love this magazine (especially back in HS and college), but now it seems like it trying to appeal to too many audiences at once...a few pages of Cosmo-style sex-related articles, a few pages of Women's World-style life-threatening articles, a few pages of Health- magazine "you too can have abs of steel" articles, and way too pages of Parent's Magazine-style articles. The only thing I found myself enjoying was the "Most Embarrassing Moments" feature. I think that a magazine with an article about "Red Hot Sex Kissing Games" a few pages away from an article about "Kids Get Dry Skin Too" is not focused enough. On top of this (and perhaps because of it), it seemed as though most of their articles only touched the surface of any one topic, -- all headlines and captions, no substance. I think Vanity Fair, Jane, or Marie Claire might be a better choice for those who want a more focused magazine that delves into its topics more thoroughly.
I received a letter from the publisher last week stating that because of the overwhelming response received with this offer, my first issue will not be mailed until February 2012! This situation should have been anticipated and I am especially annoyed as this is a renewal and not a new order.
This magazine is usually amongst my favorties, however the first issue I received seems to be very bland and generic. Hopefully the next will be better.
This was anticipated to be a 'general info' magazine.  Two months' issues were sent on two consecutive days. An abundance of articles were on sex.  Both have lots of items about 'pleasing your partner' sexual satisfaction, etc.  There is a dearth of recipes, home decorations or general read.  I'm sorry that I have a 2 year subscription, though the price was right.
I really did not want to renew.  I just got my credit card statement and saw that Redbook had automatically renewed.  Now I have to call or contact and have Amazon remove the charge.  A little unhappy.  The auto renewal feature should have a &#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34; button to make it easier to cancel the subscription.
I love reptiles, and have had this mag. in the past....always wondered why I never kept up the subscriptions.......now I remember........so Ad heavy it makes it annoying and not worth the money.....Only gave 2 stars cause the articles were decent......
What is with Rolling Stone in the past decade. When are they going to wake up and realize what quality music is. It seems like the whole entertainment world is being taken over by Clear Channel. Rolling Stone has been around forever. With all the pull they have, they should be promoting good music. Not the pre-determined corporate crap that the media forces on audiences just to make more money.The album reviews absolutely suck! Do these people even listen to the music before they start typing away. In some cases I highly doubt it. They fly through a two paragraph review without giving any background on the band, or even giving reason for their lame opinions. They usually focus on one thing in a review, rarely a valid point. I feel embarrassed for all the kids out there that read Rolling Stone's opinions and disregard good music for crap.Aside from album reviews, their editorial articles can be very informative in several cases. I'm a big fan of the "Top 500 albums of all time" sort of articles. There are some good writers who know what they're talking about. They need to fire all the idiots, and corporate sell-outs, and create a quality writing team.Rolling Stone is like fast food. You know it's bad for you, but sometimes you just gotta have it.
Rolling Stone magazine has fallen way below its reputation of year's past in regards to quality.  Not only did they downside the magazine but it also has affected their content. 70-80 pgs. per magazine is absurd, they are a shadow of themselves. The political articles by Matt Taibbi are the only thing worth reading, not so much for music & entertainment anymore.
I did not renew this magazine but somehow it was renewed for me.  It is a very good subscription price, but being so busy I have not had time to read the magazine so I was not going to renew.  Somehow it automatically renewed.  I am looking into canceling the magazine not because I do not enjoy it but because I never get the chance to read it.
I subscribed to this magazine hoping that I would get some good exclusive news and interviews with good music artists.This magazine is very short and is filled with usually old and stuff you have already heard from TV news. Expect to read about the pointless celeb garbage you hear on TV, its all repeated in this magazine.I am libral kind of guy when it comes to politics but this is to much. Everything in this magazine is very liberal anti-bush politics. They have a section in the magazine were an editor reflects on current world affairs, expect nothing but Bush and right wing bashing in this one.Interviews are horrible. Nothing exciting. Muisc reviews are not detailed and don't acctually review the album all to much. Just a short sentence or two about the artist and then a star rating.Look at the average rating of this magazine on Amazon.com. Listen to the reviews. Don't subscribe to this trash.
I've been getting RS for 6 months now and only find it mildly entertaining. Looking through it is like scrolling through TV channels, most of it sucks, but occasionaly you find something you like. Also, I consider myself a pretty open minded person and even I think this magazine is too liberal. Maybe thats just been the nature of the magazine from the start, but it gets to me sometimes. We dont live in the 70's anymore and the only hippies left live in San Francisco holding Pepsi cups on the Fisherman's Warf begging for change. Yeah, Bush may not be the greatest president of all time, but seriously give it a rest. Talk about music, not your liberal agenda. Every issue i've gotten bashes republicans in some form or another.I cant really blame the magazine for having nothing exciting to talk about in music because 90% of music these days doesnt have any credibility or just flat out sucks. They should be able to take that 10% and make a few good issues though. Instead they make blasphamis headlines using Kanye West, pretty shallow if you ask me. I guess 12$ isnt that much for what you get, there are occasionaly some good journalistic reports, but overall pretty blah...Peace.
Judging from the old issues from the Seventies and Eighties I've read, RS used to be a great magazine.  They published articles on important bands and issues in the musical community, had intelligent reporting, and staffed people who could actually write well.  Now this magazine is only really good for the political articles, if that.  They've been focusing way too much on insubstantial singers and excuses for bands since at least the pop explosion of 1997.  This is supposed to be a magazine about rock music, not teenybopper pop and pseudorock.  Maybe the reason so many people complain about how hard it is to find singers and bands who write and sing about important issues and who make good worthwhile music is because such acts are almost never covered by magazines such as this.  It gives the impression that the only worthwhile musical acts out there today are people like Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake.  It also follows that such untalented schlubs, and other of the same calibre, have been on the cover untold amounts of times.  On what universe do these peoples' albums deserve such high ratings?  And let's not forget how embarrassing it was that they gave Mick Jagger's solo album 'Goddess in the Doorway' 5 stars, only to have it bomb miserably, even after a huge media campaign, and only sell like 900 copies the first day.  The times when they actually cover real music, and give honest ratings, are far and few between.  It was also incredibly irresponsible journalism when they published a long article by RJK, Jr., full of junk science and discredited studies, alleging to establish an irrefutable link between autism and the MMR vaccine.  They even had the nerve to publish a follow-up article continuing to spew these claims which have long been debunked by practically every other responsible news source out there.  It's too bad; once they actually used to stand for something and have worthwhile interviews, articles, and album reviews.
Two years ago, Rolling Stone and MTV teamed up to create a list of the "top 100 pop songs of all time." According to that list, the number 10 song OF ALL TIME is, I kid you not, "I Want It That Way" by the Backstreet Boys. It was then that I started to suspect the once-great Rolling Stone was losing it.In 1967, Rolling Stone started with a simple idea: a "real" music magazine to counteract trendy teenage fluff like "Tiger Beat." As the years wore on, they stayed true to their mission despite the inroads of disco and the MTV pretty boys of the '80s. Sure, artists like Duran Duran appeared on a few covers, but on the whole Rolling Stone worked hard to maintain its credibility, giving much-needed exposure to then-cutting-edge acts like Bruce Springsteen, Tom Petty, U2 and Nirvana.Then, through a series of mergers and acquisitions, Rolling Stone eventually became part of the Vivendi Universal empire. Soon, pressure to increase circulation and "appeal to a younger audience" escalated. The people at Vivendi, a French water company that knows nothing about entertainment, seem to think "a younger audience" doesn't want to read anything about artists they've never heard of. In fact, "a younger audience" probably doesn't want to read at all; they just want to see a sexy pinup photo of Britney's boobs or Justin's pecs, whatever you prefer.Now here's where I lost my last shred of respect for RS: All those Britney/boy band covers and the MTV Top 100 fiasco were bad enough, but what gave them the nerve to put CLAY AIKEN on the cover?! Any magazine with a reality-show contestant on its cover instantly loses all "music" credibility. They might as well hold their own "American Idol"-style contest to pick their next cover boy/girl. (You can see where that kind of strategy has gotten Vivendi; now they're desperate to sell off their entertainment assets so they can get back to what they know best, preventing cholera and dysentery among the French.)In its heyday, Rolling Stone was a rallying point for those who truly appreciate great music. Today it's a glorified pinup fanzine with slightly better writing and production values than "Tiger Beat." Come on, Clay Aiken on the cover? Imagine the Rolling Stone of 1967 with an Ohio Express cover.
I'm not sure why when my first issue arrived, two previous issues arrived as well. This is NOT what was explained when I paid for the subscription. What good is outdated information to me? I'm not sure what the reason is for this. In fact, I bought the John Lennon issue over the holidays at an airport for plane reading and received this issue as a past issue. Not sure why that was?
I only received this magazine a few days ago, therefore I feel that I can not give it a proper review as of yet. What I have read was interesting. This Mag is a lot thinner than I remember... To be honest, the only reason I purchased this Mag is because Amazon had it on sale for $1.00!
When I first read Rolling Stone in the early 70s, it was still published on newsprint. It left one's fingerprints smudged with ink, but it left its mark in other ways, too. With its justly famous political reporting and one of a kind insight into rock and roll's impact on culture and society, Rolling Stone provided intelligent food for thought. There was still such a thing as a "counterculture" in those days, and Rolling Stone was its leading journalistic voice.But success often breeds mediocrity, and sometime in the 80s, Rolling Stone became just another magazine. The newssprint was abandoned in the late 70s, replaced with pages that would soon be as glossy as those found in a fashion magazine. Today, Rolling Stone is as mainstream as GQ or Vanity Fair, and every bit as shallow.Style has triumphed over substance. You have to wade through dozens of pages of airbrushed and sometimes perfumed ads for Ralph Lauren and the Gap just to find the table of contents, and once you reach it, you may wonder if all that page turning was worth it. Other than the occasional interview with a bright light in politics or pop culture, Peter Travers' movie reviews are the only consistently engaging feature.Today, the only culture is above the counter, as easy to access as television, and if there's a political underground, it's more likely to be conservative than populist. In a way, it's foolish to complain. Influencing and co-opting the mainstream was the counterculture's goal all along, and it could be argued that it succeeded. But there's a darker scenario to consider: Rolling Stone's mainstream success could be yet another example of how the individual voice is drowned out and silenced by the howling beast that Rolling Stone might have once described, derisively, of course, as the "Establishment."These days, when I think of Rolling Stone, I think of Elvis whose trailblazing success in the 50s planted the seeds of the youth culture that blossomed in the next decade and put both rock and roll and Rolling Stone on the map. Just as Presley's rough edges were smoothed over as he progressed from Hillbilly Cat to King, Rolling Stone rolled right into the center of pop culture and descended into pap. As Bruce Hornsby sang, "That's just the way it is."Brian W. Fairbanks
Well, I suppose if you enjoy articles on lengthy men's members, the hottest pot schools in the country and the bitterness of liberals, this is the magazine for you.I've had a subscription for a few years now and the coverage of music versus politics and social commentary has dwindled down into virtually nothing. I didn't get the rag for the anti-Bush crap and the apparent praise and worship of thugs such as G-Unit, 50 Cent and the like.At least they will give a little focus to upcoming bands and artists. A little.Oh, by the way, "Get Your War On" (the little annoying comic strip in every issue) is about as obnoxious as they come.
I gave this subscription as a gift and the recipient was pleased but I am still trying to straighten out the behind the scenes customer service issues.  I was overcharged, then the subscription was cancelled without my permission and then I reinstated it but was charged twice again.  Lots of trouble for a simple 6-month subscription gift.
Was sent 2 old issues at beginning of subscription. One was no longer on shelves other had been on shelf for seversl weeks
I hate to sound like the old guy who's a Puritan (I'm not really either), but what's with all the skin?  I have young children at home who bring in the mail, and I was shocked to see a nearly nude Katy Perry on the cover (#1111, 8/19) and the next issue featuring three "blood"-splattered nude people on the cover (#1112, 9/2).  It seemed like I was receiving Playboy, or at least Maxim.Once I got past that and into the articles, I was equally disappointed.  Granted, I have not really read Rolling Stone in something like 12-15 years, but what happened to your collective writing skills?  These have been very disappointing issues and I will not renew.On a positive note, there have been a couple of good articles.  Also, it's great fun to catch up on musicians' happenings via magazine rather than online.  All is not lost, but I really expected much more of Rolling Stone magazine.  I question their ability to survive if this is the best they can do - and how sad to see Rolling Stone disappear.
You just cannot beat the musical reviews and selections of the Rolling Stone, but at one point, (I don't even remember details, but it was a fact/a few years ago), they refused to print something that mentioned the Name "Jesus" or something Biblical just because it was Christian in some way. That is just wrong.
Rolling Stone has a big, fat, schizophrenic problem--they still want to be the &quot;rebel&quot; magazine, and pretend rock and roll is still &quot;dangerous&quot; like it was when they first began waaaay back when.  Problem is, rock is no longer a dominant force in the world and hasn't been &quot;dangerous&quot; in over 20 years. On the other hand, they want to be mainstream as well. In the 70s and 80s, they were mostly able to avoid the arena-rock groups and hair-metal bands, but not now--now they can't put Britney and N'sync on the cover enough. And since being taken over by the same guy who runs Maxim, look for ever more cheesecake to splatter on the cover (Is there any other reason to put a Jennifer Love Hewitt or Asia Argento on the cover?)  I first got the hint that the mag was going downhill when the Spice Girls made the cover five years ago; when they gave Mick Jagger's solo record 5-stars last year, that clenched it. I give it two stars because it's still Ok to glance at the news items in the front and the record reviews in the back but the middle of mag is not worth your money.
Boring read. Some content informative and entertaining. Most of it is rather boring. It's currently taking up space in my bathroom as reading material.
I was just disappointed because there eas only music i the first issue. I have been checking out Rolling Stone from the library and buying on the newsstand because of the political articles. I hope that the future issues will continue the "in depth" reporting that you had before.
The actual music topics that Rolling Stone now covers is absolutely awful.  Their review section is one of the worst I have ever seen and they are no longer influential in a good way with anything they say.  In the past we were able to forgive 5 star reviews of very bad albums like the Final Cut, but today we kind of just expect it.  5 stars for Mick Jagger's solo album?  Expect more of the same, except occassionally the opposite, where they give low ratings to actual great albums like the last Interpol record.  Musically, Rolling Stone should never recover from the looks of things.  I don't really think we'll be hearing about anything important from them for a long time and if we do it will be 2-3 months after everyone already knows about it.  Entertainment wise Rolling Stone isn't that bad.  They have some funny things to say every now and then and it is always entertaining to see which star has posed almost completely nude in the magazine for the current issue.  If you want something that is borderline porn than you really should go with this magazine or Maxim or Blender, but if you want actual music then go with Mojo or even possibly Magnet.  You might as well just read Pitchforkmedia.com and allmusic.com to tell you the truth since they are usually the most accurate sources for music.
The magazine is not what I expected. I subcribed several years ago and it is not anything I am interested in anymore. Too much sexual crap and not enough about music!
I would like to throw another handful of dirt on this magazines grave. I remember when Rolling Stone mattered, it wrote about real rock and roll. It interviewed interesting people, not the flavors of the month we now get dosed with. When brit,linse,justin start making covers...readers start packin.. If Rolling Stone editors had any decency youthanasia would have been practiced after Kurt Cobain made the cover wearing a tshirt reading "corporate mags suck".For real rock and roll magazines try MOJO or Q ..
I have been an on and off again subscriber to Rolling Stone magazine for almost a decade because I am a music addict. Music is my life and I take it very seriously. Unfortunately the quality of this long-running magazine has greatly diminished over the years no thanks to the popularity of disposable pop acts like Twitney Spears and American Idol's Clay Aikens &amp; Ruben Stoddard. They have managed to mangle this once credible pop culture magazine with their 15 minutes of fame. A few weeks ago I was surprised and disgusted by seeing Twitney Spears on the cover of RS. I'm guessing that RS put that talentless bimbo on the cover because of that smooch she shared with Madonna on this year's MTV VMA awards. Like she has anything to offer substantially. Of course RS somehow makes me forget about that horrid article with a cover story of the late and great Johnny Cash. Of course after that great issue, they ruin my mood with their mostly horrible &quot;Women Who Rock&quot; issue. I'm sorry but Alicia Keys, Eve, Missy Elliot do NOT rock my world. WTF was Tori Amos, The Raveonettes' Sharin Foo, The Bangles (who reunited and recently had their excellent album &quot;Doll Revolution&quot; released domestically here in the US), Siouxsie Sioux, and etc...etc... . Doesn't the editors of Rolling Stone magazine ever get sick and tired of praising the same freaking people they cover day in and day out? I know I am sick and tired of reading about the same overexposed and overrated artists in the magazine. Rolling Stone has stopped being relevant many, many, many moons ago. Like anyone is going to remember any of the American Idol winners. I wish I could right now. This Jann Wenner and co. needs to stop taking themselves seriously when I don't take even respect them. The only good quality I could say about this POS is that it makes for good bathroom reading. If I had a pet bird, I would certainly line its cage with the pages of the magazine.
I received a free subscription to this magazine, and I was excited. The magazine arrived, and the cover looked intriguing. Interviews, music and film reviews, political commentary, etc. Sounded like a good magazine.Then I started to read it. First off, the magazine is incredibly light on content; half of the pages are ads, and the many of the rest are filled with photos. For a monthly magazine, there is not enough text.The political commentary is left-wing. Depending on your political views, this is either a good or a bad thing, but even if you are a liberal, most of the writing isn't articulated very well, and just comes across as super-biased blabber.There is the occasional good article, and there are good writers on staff (film critic Peter Travers is exceptional), but when my subscription ended, I was more than ready to be done with it.
Rolling Stone is a corporate magazine and will put people on the cover and in their articles only if they think the majority of people are interested in them.  That is why you've seen Britney on twice this year and N'SYNC have the first ever issue with 6 different covers.  Britney was once on the cover in September when both Nirvana and Weezer had equal or longer stories written on the inside about them.  In their year end issue you'll hear them gush over Steven Malkmus' (formerly of Pavement, one of the greatest bands of the '90s hands-down) new solo album, but you'll never see him on the cover or in the articles for the rest of the year.  If you are into just hearing about the same popular artists over and over again, then get this magazine.  If you are more interested in learning about new bands and artists who have not been crammed into you ears by popular radio, look into some other magazines.  Besides the very occassional article, Rolling Stone will not enlighten you on new, talented artists who are too good for the mainstream to take in.  I am now a subsriber to RS, but will not be renewing my membership.
The only reason I am giving this magazine 2 stars is that the articles on music artists and movies are pretty strong.  The thing that I mostly dislike of this magazine is that the CD reviews are horrible.  Whoever reviews the CDs must listen to 5 seconds of each song and find the lyrics of one song to critique the whole album.I also do not like that the magazine only reviews the most popular albums of the time.  If lesser-known and/or underground artists are not able to get their CD reviewed, they will never be put out to the public and the public will not be able to find new artists to listen to.  I recommend a magazine strictly for music and music-related media, such as Blender, which is very entertaining.
this is a great magazine but I could not afford it. the artices are great. if you can afford it and like it subscribe. it's just not in my budget.
I always heard that Rolling Stone magazine was more of a "chick" magazine, but for $5/ I gave it a shot. There is more testosterone in a Martha Stewart Living magazine. I guess it's OK for teenagers.
I GUESS IT HAS BEEN A FEW YEARS SINCE I PICKED UP A ROLLING STONE MAG. THE SIZE OF THE MAG IS NOW 30% SMALLER, THE FILLER IS WAY TOO MUCH (ADS, ETC.) ON THE PLUS SIDE GLAD TO SEE DAVID FRICKE,LIKE HIS STYLE OF WRITING.I AM GLAD TO BE RECEIVING IT AGAIN,IF THEY GIVE ME ANOTHER YEAR FOR A BUCK THEN I WILL KEEP IT.
Oddly enough the best articles in Rolling Stone are the political ones. You can find those once you wade through the cigarette and alcohol ads, somewhere sandwiched in between a few random articles dealing with music. Not bad if you only like mainstream pop, but if you want real  coverage of rock, pop, hip hop, electronica, indie, and even a decent look at americana and rock and roll history, try &quot;Mojo&quot;. Sad that a british mag could cover American music better than Rolling Stone, but RS has just gone downhill. I look through back issues from the early 90's and find interesting articles in every issue, the type which now come along every 6 months or so now.
Two stars is generous.  When the featured celeb is the barely literate, hardly relevant Snooki, my subscription got cancelled.  And I used to have so much respect for this magazine.
I decided to try Rolling Stone again after a nearly 10 year absence.  This is a rag, only occasionally hinting at its once-greatness.  The most recent issue looked like an issue of Maxim (great, I guess if you've got the iq of a 12-year-old boy, not so great for a grown up)  I'm really not interested in the latest pop-culture boy-girl-band wannabe, nor am I interested in the sexual escapades of a teenage girl...And if I WAS, I wouldn't want to read about them in THIS magazine, which used to be about art and culture.  Why bother?  There's no politics, no class and no challenge to this.It used to be the counter-culture's voice...now it's got no culture at all.Good-bye RS!Follow up...What happened? I got a free subscription to RS, so I came back. Insightful political thought has returned to these pages. I'm so glad to see some of the old RS back. I'm glad it's no longer Maxim-ized.
There was a time when Rolling Stone magazine was "it" as far as music was concerned.  The editors knew how to pick the artists whose work would be an enduring part of our culture -- not necessarilty the most popular artists, but those whose work would actually amount to something.  These were the folks who made the cover.They also used to be fairly good at rating music.  As matter of fact, their ratings used to be gospel as far as the quality of a group's music was concerned.  There used to be objectivity, but now everyone seems to get three stars just for putting out an album -- many of which, one year later, you can't even give away to used CD stores.They were also considered somewhat cutting edge as far as their editorials concerning political issues, as well as thumbing their nose at bland corporate culture.  There was a time when Jann Wenner didn't care whose toes he stepped on, as long as he got his point across.  Now he has to be concered about who he offends -- gotta keep getting invited to those parties, you know.Sadly, Rolling Stone has succumbed to the same corporate culture they used to abhor.  Now you'll see Britney and other flavors of the month on the once coveted cover simply to sell magazines.  What once was prime material for Tiger Beat and 16 is now good enough for Rolling Stone.  So sad to see.  And as far as politics go -- very far to the left with little or no balance.There are occassionally very good articles -- occassionally -- but they are now far and few between.  Maybe it's a symptom of the climate of horrible commercialized music, maybe it's the influx of liberal bias on the editorial staff... whatever it is, I hope it gets fixed soon, because what was once was a very good magazine is now nothing more that your typical teen trash music rag.
I was underwhelmed. I haven't read the magazine in years, and maybe it hasn't changed, but I just found the "news" irrelevant.
I just cancelled my subscription to RS after 'Snookie' was featured on the cover.  If this is really the direction in which RS would like to travel, then I will not be going.  If only the magazine would and could maintain the integrity it once maintained  I would still be a fellow traveler.  Well done with the real news and investigative imagination, but Snookie and Rhiana as cover stories will just not fly with me.
I enjoy Rolling Stone magazine so no complaints there. What really annoys me is that my subscription started with three past issues all received on the same day, and my start date listed as the first old issue.I realize that this is a great way to for a magazine publisher to unload back issues that they wouldn't normally be able to sell, but I had been buying them at the newstand so they were worthless to me. I've written a letter to their subscription department requesting a remedy, but this practice is not appropriate for a music magazine that supposedly carries current news.
Stupidly political magazine. Way too much hateful, biased, sensationalized, political stupidity. Can't we stick to Rock and Roll?Good for puppy training.
No longer has as many featured performers. About a third of the size of the previous issues of old. Very disappointed. Wish I could find a way to cancel subscription. Maybe I can investigate options.Bought another subscription for my daughter. She was disappointed as well. Gave 2 stars just because the photos included in the mag were pretty good.
As an entertainment magazine, Rolling Stone is still fun and occasionally fresh, if rarely cutting edge.As a political magazine however, most of the articles and editorials read like sanctimonious rants from an overzealous, know-it-all freshman poly-sci major. To say that it's a left leaning magazine is to understate the obvious. But the insanely over-the-top invective in many of their articles is just downright unprofessional.
Very uneven editorial content... you just never know; an issue devoted to Justin Bieber or cutting investigations on timely topics. Just too unreliable in it's present editorial form.
Magazines were prompt being shipped out but the magazine's content was not as I remembered. I was not really impressed with the articles.
I am glad that I only spent $1.00 as my 6 month of issues is really like 4 months of back issues, 1 month of current issues WMD hopefully one month of future issues. I received 4 issues this week and promptly cancelled the auto renewal
these guys pander so much to rock stars and the industry it makes me want to wretch(blahargh!!).  I just did.  But neway, some good articles.  Cover is excellent for defacing with a sharpie marker.  I think that's the only reason I subscribe.
I am not a prude, but the magazine covers are risque.  One cover had two men and one woman standing nude with paint smeared to look like blood all over their bodies.  I imagine some would consider this art, but some forms of art are not appropriate for all ages.  I have had to hide these from my three teenage boys and my young daughter.  I would be embarrassed to have someone see these in my home.  The magazines do not contain articles that engage or entertain me.  In fact I have run through the entire magazine in 20 minutes.  I am very disappointed in this magazine.
What Rolling Stone does well, it does consistently well at.  The political articles are usually good, as are the pieces on current larger issues in music (i.e. napster, contract battles, etc).  That, and for basic stuff like album reviews and billboard chart info, it's fairly solid.  (Of course, you can just read those online and skip purchasing the magazine entirely.)Having said that, the musical content of the magazine gets swept along with whatever's popular at the moment (two years ago, it was teen pop stars on every cover; now it's cookie-cutter nu-metal bands).  So, if you aren't a fan of what's hip at the moment, the musical portions of the magazine will probably bore you to tears.  And ultimately, if you're out to read a music mag, you should be drawn to the musical content, right?  Instead, if you're out to discover new bands and music, I'd recommend going to something like UnCut or Q, which, while also loaded with advertisements, at least talk about people you haven't seen on MTV twenty billion times already.
I was a fan of Rolling Stone for a long time. The magazine has detoriated and has become the things that it always bashes.The magazine has become way to liberal for me. I buy the magazine to read about music. I expect to see articles about music and maybe some article about musicians in polotics. You don't see that though. It's a Bush bashing magazine and it disgusts me. They don't tell you anything that the man has down right, just all of his flaws. It's a total turn off to a conservative. If your liberal and want to read there one sided opinion then subscribe to rolling stone.Rolling Stone only really covers whats hot. I realize they have to do that to sell magazines but they continually bash Bush and capitalizim so I find this to be a little hypocritical. They tend to write about whats hot on MTV which is sickening. They do some specialty issues every couple of weeks which aren't bad, but they are usually to predictable.Rolling Stone does do weekly reviews of CDs, Movies, and DVDs. Those to have become polotical outlets. They are very hard in there reviews and tend to not like a lot of movies. It's a shame to blast a movie because the lead guy might be a conservative. You can read the reviews off there website so I wouldn't subscribe to the magazine to just read those.I just can't stand to read the magazine anymore. If it weren't for the pictures that are normally pretty good I would have given this 1 star. The magazine has become way to liberal for a conservative to want to read. If your liberal you might like it some, but you will get tired of all its MTV artists. It's no where what it used to be.
First of all, when I ordered a 6 month subscription, I didn't know I would be getting magazines from 2 months prior. No wonder it was so cheap. Not to mention, I received 3 or 4 magazines within a one week time span. Then, add to that, the last three editions featured articles about President Obama, including a cover. C'mon, since when is Obama rock n' roll news?
I have subscribed off and on to Rolling Stone for decades, and while I missed the golden era, it used to be the undisputed champ of music magazines for a reason. It was usually ahead of the curve, the photos were amazing, and the reviews and interviews often soared into the realm of profound. It was a magazine for people who truly loved music. My father, an old jazz musician, used to steal my copy. It was what you read if you wanted to know what was good, especially if you'd never heard of it. Now it's what you read if you want to know what's fashionable with the mainstream, and believe me, it's always something you have heard of for years. Rolling Stone is now way behind the curve, and it breaks my heart watching them struggle to retain a readership by reprinting nostalgia from their own heyday and then topping it off with a teen idol on the cover pulling his or her shirt up. They can't make up their minds whether they want the grandpas or the grandkids, and in trying for both, they neglect the readers who are neither retired nor pubescent. When it comes, I read Random Notes, which sometimes has glimpses of the people they should be writing about partying backstage with people they do. Two stars to represent my eternally crossed fingers that both this magazine, and Rock will someday return from the living dead.
It is (or was) a music magazine, right? So why is it the magazine relies more heavily on celebrity-watch, supposed political expose', and that ham-fisted Peter Travers movies section? Do yourself a favor. Buy People magazine, Entertainment Weekly, Mother Jones, or Blender. You'll get just what you want and avoid all the sanctimonious crap. Hunter S. Thompson and cover photography are/were its only claim to fame.
When you have a service issue with a magazine you do not have normal access to the folks at Amazon. You don't even have access to the magazine until they actually begin shipping which could take a month or two. In the initial limbo, you get the phone number of a magazine broker.  In the case of Rolling Stone Magazine its Wenner Media.  But when you dial the number for Wenner, they answer the phone as the New Yorker and disavow any knowledge of Rolling Stone. (As you would expect from the folks at the New Yorker)Guessing this was a phone bank issue I called a dozen or so times and someone actually took down the change of address I needed.  Well, the magazine is now arriving on the doorstep but its the wrong doorstep.And don't I love that in your first week or two of delivery they send you the current issue and dump a copy of the prior month as well. You can imagine how they justify this. (He ordered it a month ago so he is getting what he asked for.) This is really a neat way to handle  overstock for them and a month less of service for you. Unless you like your information stale. You still get a year's worth of magazine... its just a little front ended.
PLEASE CANCEL  ALL MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTIONS  IMMMEDIATELY,  MIKE COYNEMIKE@SAIL4LESS.COM  IT ISNT WORTH IT AT ANY PRICE  CANCEL ALLTO SKILES/ AND OR COYNE
More and more, all the industry wants to do is tell you what it is you are supposed to like, and ridicule anything we might consider to be a guilty pleasure, and if you indulge in such a thing, you are 'shallow'.Music has evolved past this attitude, and no one believes in this naked emperor anymore. And oh yeah, their politics is so mixed up, they don't even know what they believe anymore. I was a subscriber for eleven years, my renewal notice came, and I couldn't come up with one good reason to send it in.
When Snookie and/or Howard Stern show up "On the Cover of the Rolling Stone", it is no longer the music magazine it used to be.  It has become more like PEOPLE or US - not what I was looking for.
I signed up to get the 6-month subscription for a good deal. My first issue came and it was for the week before. Not that big a deal. The next day the current issue arrived. Then two days later, the issue that was three weeks old arrived, and then two days after that the issue with a date more than a month old arrived. That effectively cut six weeks off of my 6-month subscription. I won't be renewing based on these tactics.
I subscribed for a six month subscription at the beginning of November and was told my first issue would arrive 4-6 weeks later. So one would expect the first issue to arrive the first week or so of December. Well, I received that issue. When I looked at my address tag for my subscription end date, it said the end of March. Wait, that's only four months? Over the next week or so I have received a month and a half of back issues. What do I want with a RS issue from the end of October? Is this what they mean by six month subscripton? I plan on calling up this week and getting my true six months. Be careful when you order and look at when your subscription is set to end.
I always wanted to read Rolling Stone magazine, so I was pleased to hear I could get a one-year auto renewal at a discounted price. I found out that by reading through a few issues that this was not a magazine for me. I found it to be too political and some of the topics talked about in the issues did not suit me. I did like that when I canceled my subscription early that I did receive some cash back which made the experience worth it. If you like a magazine that has many articles on political topics than this is the magazine for you.
Maybe it's my "graying" or the magazine's, but Rolling Stone is no longer on my list of favorites. Having been a subscriber for close to three decades, off and on, I find myself at odds with the direction of the magazine as well as the artists covered.While I am a firm supporter of liberal ideas, I do think the mag's overly leftist stance alienates a major segment of potential readers. More varied opinions would allow the magazine to broaden its clientele.Also, if one wants to see "flesh", he/she would pick up a Playboy or Playgirl, don't you think? Too many of the photographs, while reflective of the times, border on the soft-core pornographic.This is definitely not a periodical for the coffee table.
The only reason I'm still a subscriber to Rolling Stone is because when i got it, it was a lifetime subscription for 100$. Hopefully it'll go back to the way it was back in the day (albeit before my time) where they covered important music and culture vice what's relevant to the masses
I read rolling stone for the music and those who make it, not for some guilt ridden, agenda blasting editorial team that feels their politics (and guilt at being so much the establishment they wish they could hate) is something we should all read about at nauseum. when they stick to music, it's good, when they parade their shreiking political views, it's boring.
Ever since they started routinely putting flavor of the month American Idol and Mickey Mouse Club artists on the front of the magazine I became embarassed to have it deliverd to me.  With the exception of Frick's Picks they mostly review radio friendly albums marketed by large record companies that nobody will care about in a year.  In addition most of the political coverage is either biased or poorly researched.I understand Rolling Stones desire to remain relevant by covering artists that will only have fleeting success, but they've gone too far in an effort to just sell magazines.  They've sacraficed their ability to have any long term influence on the music industry and become simply a mirror of the reality show driven and celebrity obsessed pop culture that currently exists.
Have been an RS fan/customer since middle school in the mid-90s...not too impressed with where it's gone in the last few years...while i know it was done to save money, definitely NOT a fan of changing their size/format
Rolling Stone magazine is great, but be careful... Amazon.com will automatically renew it at full price!  I cancelled my auto-renewal, but they charged me anyway!  But they were good about refunding my account.  Now I see that they have renewed it again!!!  I will not ever again order magazines from Amazon!!!
Although it's hard to complain about paying $1 for a 6 month subscription, I hardly feel I'm getting my money's worth with what RS is passing off as a publication these days.  Nevermind the fact that compared to 5 years ago, the magazine is now barely a pamphlet, Rolling Stone has basically been reduced to which flavor of the month they can try to get on the cover.  In the time of my subscription I've had the displeasure of seeing Justin Bieber, Snooki and Lil Wayne on the cover.  So there are two people who are to music as McDonald's is to fine dining and another "person" who's 15th minute is just about to tick off the clock.  The cover articles are, essentialy fluff pieces and once a year they talk about the demise of rock music and the CD format.  Well, considering the calibre of artists they put on the cover, it's no wonder that music is dying.Content aside, the other issue I have is that my copy is now coming up to a week after the magazine hits the store.  It used to be that subscribers would be the first to have it; now we're one of the last.Rolling Stone, I know it's not your fault that the music scene is at it's worst it's been in recorded history, but it doesn't mean you have to put the chief offenders on your cover month in, month out.  Do a little digging and find artists with talent, integrity and something to say.  This may mean you have to open up your narrow little minds to heavy metal music, but at least they are people who know how to play an instrument; not people like I mentioned above who are merely fooling the public.
This is so-pose to be a music mag. not one for terrorist. I have subscribed for years, now I have canceled my subscription.
You might as well read Vibe, People or Spin--they're all the same editorially as the current shell that is called Rolling Stone. The quality that used to define RS as a distinguished platform for thoughful cultural reflection is gone.
Rock n' Roll is dead.  And the equivocating, souless ghouls at Rolling Stone, MTV, and the major labels killed it.For time's sake, I'll hold my rants against MTV and the major labels for another date.  This one will focus exclusively on Rolling Stone and it's long, dark, unimpeded fall into irrelevance (or did they jump?). As usual, my diatribe, or more accurately, my jeremiad -- as I am haunted by this unneccesary and untimley death of a great art -- will take the form of a list.  Here goes...1) Once upon a time, RS was able to attract talent.  And I mean real talent.  Guys like Hunter S. Thompson ("Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas") and Tom Wolf ("The Electric Cool Aid Acid Test") used their pages to cut through words and ideas like pirhanas cutting through live, flailing meat.  And they had something to say.  And people listened.  And even better: people could get empassioned over the words: words about music, words about politics, words about being alive.  But now, all I see are ads and thinly disguised marketing copy masking as reviews.2) The artists once presented to us by RS (and folks, Rock and Rollers are artists in the purest sense of the word) were angry and loud and green and alive -- and they had courage, real trench-war courage.  And they turned these feelings and their humanity into sparks and magic and manic music that figuratively boiled blood and broke bones.  And they did this while testing the bounds of convention and middle class America.  And RS carried the torch for these artists, the great green blinding torch of ROCK! AND! ROLL!  Now, with few excpetions, our leading artists are basically cover bands for teams of hack writers and money grubbing producers churning out reams of half-witted teeny bopper fairy tales.3) Current editors are gutless, yellow, whining whimps4) The latest 500 Greatest Songs list is more haughty than hungry, more money than music, and more Redbook than Rolling Stone.  It's so lame and misguided, that I'm not even going to bother arguing about it --except for this: a) the Grateful Dead deserve a place on the list (e.g. Dark Star or Scarlet Begonias) b) Aretha Franklin songs are NOT Rock ' Roll (neither are Johny Cash's or the Everly Brothers, c) No way in hell Stairway to Heaven and Freebird should not have made the top ten d) the panel members selecting the songs are sychophantic, pandering, cowardsNet/net: Today, Rolling Stone sucks.  But they have a heritage of raw, edgey, fire-grilled greatness that's worth trying to revive.  Maybe enough letters and cancelled subscriptions will spark something deep within their DNA that will enable RS to morph back into the caged, foaming, reckless and salacious animal it once was.
I am one of those few people who still buys physical cds, and now that I'm no longer living in Minneapolis with its great radio stations, it is quite a bit more difficult to find good new music. Amazon offered this magazine to me for $1 after I bought a lot of cds from them (or some deal like that) so I figured I would try it. I paged through the first few issues and read a few cd reviews, often feeling like they weren't very credible. It was, however, funny to read little side columns about "Albums we love" or stuff like that and see that it was usually CDs that are selling well that they bashed a couple weeks back only. There is a lot of inconsistency that way, and I eventually stopped reading their reviews entirely.I've always felt they had way to much political content, but I haven't even opened the magazine since the issue came with the cover story "Bush Apologizes! The Farewell Interview We Wish He'd Give." I get Time magazine for my news and politics, I don't understand why anyone would want that from Rolling Stone. Amazon gave me a similar deal with Blender magazine, and I would recommend that instead because it is actually about music.
To much emphasis on their &quot;left wing&quot; agenda. They miss the Clinton administration.
I understand that Rolling Stone magazine is edgy, loves to stir controversy, but the last edition with the Boston Marathon murderer was not only in poor taste, but crossed a boundary for me.  I will not be renewing next year because of this.The story could have been covered, and pics could have been posted inside.  But giving him &#34;rock star&#34; status by putting him on the cover is insensitive at best.
I love Rolling Stone. It's in an oversized format, has great in-depth articles, and one of the world's great film critics, Peter Travers. Having said that, I have to say their "customer service" is the WORST. I am a subscriber and from time to time, for whatever reason, an issue doesn't make it to my mailbox. When I've contacted them about it I swear to god I'm talking to space aliens. When I've missed an issue, I want it REPLACED with the UNDELIVERED issue. So what happens? I won't bore you with the details, but I'll just say nobody there understands English; getting issues resolved is like pulling teeth with them. I am convinced Rolling Stone has contracted their customer service department to some third-party. Either that or RS truly doesn't give a damn about taking care of their subscribers. Jann Wenner, DO YOU GIVE A DAMN?? I HATE them!
I subscribed to Rolling Stone five years ago, but I have since let it run out because it started drifting away from feature stories about talented rock and hip-hop groups and started focusing more on Britney Spears and N-Sync. Whereas it used to offer quite remarkably in depth stories about the lives and work of real musicians, it has started to cater more towards the pop fluff of teeny boppers and bubblegum blasphemy. Every now and then I will see it on the newsstand with an article about Bruce Springsteen or Keith Richards, real musicians who have quality stories to tell, but the majority of what I find is useless. You'll be better off to limit yourself to an issue-by-issue basis as opposed to buying 26 issues at once. But like I said, it can still please every now and then. I just feel its quality stories are too few and far between.
The quality of this magazine has gone down hill dramatically since I remember it from the '90s. Very thin on content.
I have subscribed 3 times and always end up buying several issues at the newstand anyway because they were never delivered or delivered weeks after I saw the issue at the newstand. I always end up just letting the subscription lapse.
Not great for the normal cook. While I love the photos and the information about world cuisine is interesting, I subscribed hoping for recipes I could make myself. I'm disappointed.
I enjoy cooking a hobby, and I love using the freshest produce, fish, cheese and meats in my region.  I'm not sure the magazine is helpful to those who cook at home with local ingredients.  This magazine is really for the serious foodie, or industry professional.
Too many ads for the amount of content-- stories are somewhat interesting, but was expecting more recipes. Though, for the most part the recipes that are listed include pictures which is nice.
It is just too fussy for me.  I like recipes and these are nothing that I like.  I would cancel if possible.
I will not renew it. I subscribe to many other food/cooking magazines, so I definitely have others to compare it to. It does not have the kind of recipes I would make.
If your looking for ideas for a meal to cook all day on Sunday and spend a ton of money this is your magazine, otherwise stay away.  Not impressed, I've only got a few magazines but I already canceled the subscription, couldn't find anything I would want to make.  The recipes are very rich, a lot of butter and cream.
Saveur Magazine itself is pretty good but I paid for a subsciption and didn't receive first issue until 5 months after I started the subsciption!!!!  I made phone calls inquiring about the subscription but I found the Saveur employees to be extremely complacent and none of them had any explaination as to why it had taken so long for the subscription to start.  I WON'T BE SUBSCRIBING AGAIN!  "Cook's Country" is still the best.
This magazine used to have nothing but ads. Well, they have cut down some of the ads and the meaningful articles. Every once in a while I come across a reall good interview, such as the one on Alicia Keys, and Ashanti however, this mag doesn't offer much more. There are plenty of quizzes and such. Overall a decent magazine for the preteens.
just not my type of magazine my mom got it for me and some of the articles are ok, but it is too fashion and makeup focused for my tastes.
Have yet to receive the first issue so I can't rate it, however you do not have a catagory for that. This magazine is for my granddaughter. According the the original subscription information the first issue is due to be received on or around May 15th.
As another reviewer said, it's more for kids aged 12-15 or 16. I'm now 18 years old and am just finishing up a 2 year subscription to Seventeen. It's got too many ads, pointless quizzes, and their sex advice columns aren't really what I'm looking for anymore.I have switched over to Marie Claire and I love it! It's totally made for the 18-20somethings crowd. It's an amazing magazine that is worth the $$$. Check it out sometime. You won't be disappointed!
I started reading this magazine around 12 years old - then it was pretty interesting to me and appropiate for my age. Now that I am seventeen - the age that the magazine is supposed to be for- I have completely lost interest. This magazine paints teenage girls as materialistic, self-absorbed, and boy crazy. YES, we can be that, but for most of us, there is a lot more going on. If you've got more on your mind then whether &quot;boys like you?&quot; and what color glitter to wear this season I recommend SELF magazine. It deals with everything that is important to a young woman  (including beauty stuff). If you don't believe me check it out at the market!
i think that seventeen magazine gives teenage girls a better understanding of what we have and might go through in our teenage years. i think it shows girls a way to deal with life in a better perspective way. i afiliate with this magazine because it is fun to read and is also a better way to asociate with other people and many people would like to talk to others without fighting, yelling,each other
We bought this subscription as a gift for our 16 year old daughter without having seen an issue of it. There was way too much (sexual) info in it. Cancelled it.
I thought I might like this magazine better than cosmo because it wouldn't have so much about sex in it, but this magazine is starting to contain more sexual content. I've never been much for fashion and make-up either. I just don't like girly magazines!Update: My subscription expired 1/1/11 according to Amazon, yet I am still receiving the magazine. I am not on auto-renewal (Amazon specifically says 1-year and that it is expired as of 1/1/11) and I never sent in any of the renewal forms the magazine sent me, so as of now I am getting free magazines. They better not stick me with a bill later!
This magazine has been getting really bad with ads lately. I bet a good 80% of the magazine is advertisements. The remaining 20% is articles or articles involving subliminal advertising. A shame.
I am only 15, which is a targeted age group to &quot;seventeen&quot; but it lost it's appeal when I was 12! It's so young and immature, but the ironic thing is that I, too, am young and immature. I just got new interests, eclectic tastse, and my own sense of &quot;style&quot;.But if you are still stuck on having to be &quot;in&quot;, listen to what's &quot;in&quot; and wear what's &quot;in&quot;, then seventeen is for you. It's all about the &quot;in&quot; thing in today's teen girl society. Quite frankly, I am not up for reading about those poser punks like gc and avril (who doesn't know who the clash is!) all the &quot;twinkies&quot; (steryotypical teen girls) listen to and I'm not up for reading articles and what new pair of blue denim flares are in for the season.Have denim flares even changed since I last read seventeen- no!! Hence.......Seventeen is a redundant magazine that you'll enjoy before you've really gotten a sense of self.
For over three years I have been a subscriber to YM, Cosmo Girl, Seventeen, and now the new Elle Girl and I have to say between all of them Seventeen is the worst. The magizine seems to only focus on how to make young women look prettier, dress better, or get a boyfriend. It does not give you the feeling that you are already great and beautiful or does it give good advice to girls. I would not recomend this magizine to any teenager. If you are searching for a good teen magizine I suggest one of the other three above, they are much better.
I got this magazine as a gift and I have to say I don't like it much---it is full of ads and offers no interesting information what so ever.
I AM STILL WAITING FOR THIS SUB TO BEGIN. I KNOW MY TEENAGER WILL JUST LOVE THIS MAGAZINE.
This is the third time that I have to write a review about this product. I am NOT receiving my magazine and I don't know whatelse to do, I made a 2 years subscription and I can't spend all that time sending reviews or mails.
Here is a summary of every single article in every single issue:-How to flirt-Don't get pregnant!-Fashions no teenage girl would ever really wear-Do some sit ups but &lt;3 your body just the way it is-I'm an actress/singer but at heart I'm just a down to earth kind of galThere. I saved you the bother. I'm 16, when I was younger I loved Seventeen, but over time I've begun to realize the redundancy in the articles. It takes me about five minutes to flip through one of these bad boys. The articles are not helpful, they talk about what "real guys" want in a relationship and give frightening advice from 15 year old girls who believe their relationships will last. The interviews with the cover girls are so cookie cutter I don't even read them anymore; every dang girl says the same thing ("I may be famous but I'm just a girl -- Like YOU! Achieve your dreams &lt;3 &lt;3 )Not all teenage girls are concerned with these trite things, flirting, weird fashions and down to earth singers. I like the sections on the girls who actually DO things, I wish the magazine had more of those girls we could aspire to be like. As it is, all we know how to do is flirt really well, love our bodies and blend color schemes. It's insulting that Seventeen thinks this is all that teenage girls are interested in.Give us some role models who aren't famous for sex tapes and singing, please!
I thought I was a mature 17 year old when I was that age.  Wow how times have changed.  Maybe a better name for the magazine is 44 because some of my questions  were answered there. Parents make sure you review it first.
I thought I would get the lowest price available (and maybe I did) when it was time to renew, but I it seemed high.  Its still a good deal but I paid $5 for the year to begin with and I got emails of $5 subscriptions on magazines before it was time for mine to renew.  So I figured it would renew for around that price so I didn't think twice about it.  That was until I saw my bank statement and it was more then twice the price I originally paid.  I will cancel after this year and renew it myself when I see a deal I like.
I am a subscriber to Shape and I will not be renewing my subscription.  If I had a self esteem problem looking at this magazine would just make it worse. I have been quite disappointed with the models used in the articles. Most of them look as if they are posing for Victoria Secrets and not a fitness magazine and they are extremely skinny. The clothes that are advertised are not affordable for the average working women and many of the articles are not that helpful. The only section I do enjoy is the &quot;Success Stories&quot; which portray real women in real life situations.  I really wish the magazine would revamp itself and gear it more towards the &quot;Real Woman&quot;.
I don't like that the image is square and doesn't fill up the screen making it hard to read.  Also, I don't like that I can't keep them for several months.
Shape Magazine is a joke. This magazine has more make-up tips, clothing and weight watcher success stories than anything about atheletes. I found this magazine dissapointing- not only do most of the models look like they couldn't run a mile without dropping from anoreixa but the stories are hipocritical (accept yourself and love your body; while the follow article is how to lose weight for thanksgiving and impress your x)
I recently starting getting this magazine since I joined a Boston gym, it is apparently part of the membership.  It is good magazine, but I wouldn't rate it as "great"  When my free subscription runs out, I will not renew and purchase it myself.  For anyone looking for a very helpful women's magazine, for whatever stages you are in...I recommend OXYGEN.  Many helpful articals for EVERYONE!!!
This magazine is all right, but I have a few problems with it. The good thing about this magazine is that it's focused on fitness and health, which makes it my kind of magazine. It's got great success stories, good food to cook, and good rules for nutrition and your health. My biggest problem is that since I don't have a gym membership, I can't do most (if not any) of the moves in Shape Magazine. I'm tired of moves that you have to do at the gym, or equipment that costs over a thousand dollars just to do a little toning. They should at least give 5 moves that I can do without setting a foot inside a gym.Another problem is that I don't like that they show 5-foot-11 models, that are perfectly skinny, and with perfect flat abs, when they could show more *average* women, or possibly a little bit curvier. I don't know about you, but I think that you don't have to be skinny to be beautiful. I just wish that they could see that everyone comes in their different packages. I agree with A.T. also-they also need to be more diverse with their women-black people need to be shown a little more as I rarely ever see black women in this magazine. I suggest that if you have a gym membership, then you should buy SHAPE off the magazine stand every blue moon or so when you see a good issue. If you don't have a gym membership, like most of us, then get SELF instead; it also offers great motivation.
I use to subscribe to SHAPE several years ago, and then it was packed full of great work out routines, meal plans, etc for women at all levels of fitness.Well . . . my last few months of Shape have been a complete disappointment.  I found very few pages of good genuine fitness and healthy eating advice.  Instead, it ranks right up with Glamour in the category of magazines with the highest percentage of advertisements, nearly all of the excercise material is supposed "quick fix" fitness fluff which gives women very unrealistic expectations, and the healthy eating advise is absolutely elementary.There is no substance in here for women like me, the average working woman who desire to live a healthy life everyday and have limited time to commit to exercise.  I want a magazine that is inspiring with a focus on living a sustained healthy lifestyle, not a joke about getting flat abs in a week with illustrations of perfectly chiseled models who obviously do not face the body challenges of average women.  I'm sorry but most women are not going to look like "her" after two weeks, or many months of Shape's 10-30 minute a day routines, but they sure lead you to beleive so.I highly recommend "Her Sports"  it is THE magazine for women desiring to live an active, day-to-day healthy life!
I am a current Shape subscriber and have it on my Kindle Fire as well. Now the Shape app is gone from my Kindle and I can't find where to re-install it. Where the heck did it go? Has anyone else had this problem recently?
I have been subscribing to Shape for about two years now, and its the same thing every month. I agree with A.T. who posted a review sometime ago, that Shape is not diverse at all. I have never seen a woman of color on the cover, and maybe 1 or 2 African-American women models. I too am white, but I would love to see a lot more diversity. As far as the fitness articles, they have some usefull tips but other than that it is a bunch of &quot;what to wear this spring&quot; and all the clothing they advertise would look good on you if you were a size 5 with a nice flat tummy. I think Shape should be more realistic in reaching out to the average women.
I really used to enjoy Shape, it had a nice balance of fitness, nutrition, and some beauty. It also would also contain very good articles addressing women's issues.  Since the new editor Tara Kraft took over, this magazine has really gone down hill.  The articles on fitness and nutrition are almost nil and the serious articles that really addressed women's issues are now very rarely there.  She has basically turned this into a wanna be beauty magazine.  On the editor's page, Valerie Latona would write about causes or women's concerns.  Tara Kraft just presents a narcissistic catalog of all the extraordinarily expensive things she likes or wants.  After subscribing to this magazine for years, I just got my last issue and I won't renew.  How disappointing.
I have not received this and it was promised for delivery the first of the month.  It is now the middle of the month.
I used to read Shape regularly years ago. I decided to get a subscription again recently, and I can't believe the changes. Every other page at least is an ad. "Articles" featured on the front page, in nearly every case but perhaps one, consists of a 200 word blurb, a giant photo and a couple fluff facts to go with it, all on less than one page (sometimes half!).The actual exercise articles and tips are few and far between. There is a lack of any health news, no breakthroughs, no  Q&A;,  nothing really but "fun" layouts in place of actual text, and fluff. Lots of fluff. You could combine all the actual content in this 162 page magazine down to 15 pages.The Editor's page alone should tell you that you are going to be in trouble. On her note from the Editor's page she always puts photos and info on what she finds "necessary" that month. it's usually a lavish vacation, some expensive spa, some $400 dollar dress that she proclaims is a "bargain". It's like she is writing the page to all those high school friends that she hated and wants to know she's doing well, not to her actual readers. Sounds catty, but I can't think of why else she would put such irrelevant information as where she took her last expensive vacation. It's not relevant to nearly anyone reading it. I got the magazine for health and workout info, not overpriced clothing info. I get Vogue for that. The biggest problem is overall content however. It's a terrible excuse for a magazine and not worth the paper it is printed on. Poor trees.
I've been subscribing to Shape for two years now and I have decided not to renew my subscription this year.  When I first began reading Shape, it was almost solely dedicated to fitness and health.  Now it's about 50% beauty and fashion (and a lot is articles that are simply trying to push products).  I disagree with the writer who said that she wished they would stop showing moves with gym machines; this is one of the few sections of SHAPE I enjoy reading, as it does give great instructions on how to use the machines (definitely cheaper than hiring a personal trainer).  But I do agree with the previous comments that the stories are starting to all sound the same from month to month - especially the success stories.  If you're just starting to exercise, this magazine will be helpful for you.  But if you're a long-time exerciser, skip this one.
This fitness magazine is weak.  The models are generally skinny and not exceptionally toned.  Lots of ads featuring rail-thin girls hanging on to musclebound greased up dudes.  Even the models posing for the work-out sections are usually super skinny  anemic models who would topple over in exhaustion if they had to work-out with anything but a rubber band or a 3 lb hand weight.  Nothing wrong with superskinny women, but these are the same body types I see in Vogue and Cosmo--the type who don't really want to gain muscle in the first place.Did I fail to mention that the magazine is packed full of silly makeup hints, love quizzes and how to be a better lover tips? gagHow to workout with a rubber ball and get fit with a kitchen dishrag, really isn't my idea of working out.  If you are more serious into weight training, seeing strong looking role models with cut bodies and trained muscles try magazines like HERS and Oxygen.  In these magazine the women have strong healthy bodies, feminine fitness models and mind you, not those behemoth heavyweight muscle bulging steroid type.  The work-outs and training tips are lot more helpful in HERS and Oxygen as well.  SHAPE Mag is way to foofoo for the serious minded Female fitness nut.
While I rarely subscribe to magazines, I was looking for something to motivate me to exercise and so I signed up for a one year subscription to Shape. Before and during college I was a ballet dancer, but after entering the real, 9-5 working world half a year ago, exercise time became more difficult to find. Unfortunately, I found that Shape magazine was not really about exercise at all. It was about beauty products, fancy new-age spas and resorts, and trendy workout accessories. I was also shocked by the models on the magazine's covers and pages. Not only were they skinny but they usually sported next to nothing. I finally cancelled my subscription when a magazine came with a woman in a see-through, lacy top on the front of it, visible nipples and all. Workout wear? I think not! Trust me, the woman belonged in a porn magazine, not my exercise magazine!
"Spin" is an accurate name for something like this -- a lot of hype, for an innocuous but rather tepid rock magazine. If Rolling Stone is the dirty old geezer of rock magazines, then Spin is the teenager who tries hard to convince you he's cool by name-dropping the Strokes.Spin covers some of the same turf as Rolling Stone and Blender, but less lasciviously -- lots of coverage of popular bands. Some of them are quite good -- the Hives, for example, or indie newcomer Steve Burns (who quit his job on "Blues Clues" after hearing a Flaming Lips album, and reinvented his life as a rocker).Unfortunately they overemphasize whatever bands are hot at the moment, and then overemphasize them again -- as well as tacking them up in whatever "coolest"/"best" lists they chalk up for the year/decade/century/history of rock. Indie cred is maintained by a few half-page articles on potentially hot bands like the Comas and Metric, but this info is halfhearted. It's like they're reluctant to tear themselves away from articles on better-known bands, regardless of talent.The writing, however, has that certain affliction that a lot of major rock magazines have: the Need To Be Cool. Their writers always are trying to be funny, but rarely come across that way. It seems silly and strained, like a soccer mom wearing a spandex tube dress. Even the CD reviews are mediocre. However, one recent highlight is Dave Eggers' columns -- witty, funny, and a little bit skewed. In fact, they are often the best things in the entirety of the magazine.One of the problems is the emphasis on stuff in Hollywood. Scarlett Johanssen is a wonderful actress, yes. But she doesn't sing, nor has she appeared in a music-based movie -- Jack Black yes, Scarlett no. And what is up with party coverage on TV starlet Mischa Barton and MTV couples?Check out sublimely indie mags like Chord, Filter, Under the Radar and the online Kludge for in-depth looks at some worthy bands. As for Spin? It's still trying to convince us it's cool, but Eggers is the only regularly cool thing about it.
I Liked SPin at first but sometime around the mid 90's through now I got bored with them.they ahve a few things I dug such as there take&asking artists too name there favorite Artists ever type of things but over time they went with the flow&just are kinda there.I don't get alot of what they have become&while I like some older issues&articles I don't pay them Mag much attention when I go magazine&book reading.
I have been getting spin since it started. They recently changed formats and now it looks nice but lack substance. Instead of monthly it comes 6 times a year. I won't be resubscribing
Spin circa two years ago was a pretty good read.  The articles were written with that nice, biting sarcasm (not VH1 eunich-sarcasm, mind you).  The reviews, while relying heavily on name-checking, were pretty damn on-target.  Even the incessant name-checking was done in a self-lacerating, self-aware fashion that was entertaining (eg, FUGAZI was once mentioned in a Wu-Tang review... yeah).Whey th' hell you gone, SPIN (can I say that)?  A recent issue gave Hootie and the GD Blowfish a "B+"!!  Ugh.  No further comment needed.  Also, a promo piece for Madonna hanger-on Ali G. lamely joked about how England was our millitary ally but still "unleashed" him on our culture...shut up.I love you, Spin, you convinced me to buy Ornette Coleman's 1971 jazz masterpiece Science Fiction.  If you get any lamer, though, you'll be just another [junk] music mag (What?! Rolling Stone? Did someone say Rolling Stone?!).Bleak, huh?  Hey, don't worry, kid, haven't you heard?  The i-net is usurping all sorts of mad cred from the print world.
I ordered SPIN for a year, but soon found that the amount of time I spend with a new issue is not much more than 20 minutes. I'm forty now, so I don't care who is supposed to be cool. Most of the bands are not that interesting to me, but that's not the point. It's the writing, mostly pretty stupid photographs and record reviews that don't excite me. In my opinion, a better magazine supposed to cover similar ground is "Under the radar". If you really care about music and want to read an informative magazine, try "Mojo". They cover a wide range of different styles and I spend usually several hours with a new issue. Of course, you won't get it for ten dollars a year!BTW, my SPIN subscription ran out several months ago and I keep receiving it for free. But do I care?
SPIN is the type of magazine that tries too hard to be hip -- which, of course, is the exact antithesis of hip.  Because of this geeky obsession to remain on the &quot;cutting edge&quot; (the editors obviously have no clue that they're about as close to the &quot;edge&quot; as FAMILY CIRCLE), the magazine doesn't age well -- track down some back issues and try not to laugh.  On the other hand, if you're one of those intellectually stunted individuals who think tribal tats and Staind is as good as it gets, by all means send in that subscription card and join the ranks of the Supercool....
Ads take up most of magazine.  This is suppose to be about Texas; not other states advertising thier properties to visit.  No upcoming events are in magazine either.  Texas Highways is a much better buy and has locations reviewed in Texas plus upcoming events in TX.I'm sorry I wasted my money on this!
No better than it was years ago when I quit subscribing.Too many ads and not enough articles of interest.Still pretty poor.
If you're hunting for a mag with tons of ads mixed with typical left wing drivel, call off the dogs.  This is it!
I canceled my subscription because of theincreasingly liberal articles.  It wasn't amagazine I'd leave around for my early-teensto read.
I love the magazine,..... but this is my THIRD time attempting to RENEW.  I have done so from the RENEW page on the subscription I currently have being delivered.  So TWICE this year, you all set it as a new subscription..............  I guess I need to cancel this one too.  Don't get me wrong. I DO WANT TX Monthly for the quoted $12 per year.... I just want it to renew, not to have multiple subscriptions and dual deliveries.  Great mag is we can only get the renewal thing fixed!  (I had same trouble a few years ago, and had to let it expire in order not to have doubled up subscriptions)
I was a subscriber for about 5 years.  I also read it a lot as a teen when my parents subscribed.  But this year I let my subscription lapse without renewal.  A few reviewers have criticized the liberal bias.  Some of the articles are liberal to be sure, but overall I don't think it's a leftwing rag.  I just noticed that the number of articles that interested me declined in number.  In my opinion there were only about 4 great articles per year.  Most of the others were either 'so-so' or just unreadable.  Paul Burka is the only gem left in the Magazine.  Even when I disagree with him I enjoy reading his articles. He's a very gifted writer. But he alone wasn't worth keeping the subscription going.  From now on I will just peruse TM at the library.  Hopefully a new editor will come along in the near future and return the magazine to it's former greatness.
I remember growing up in the Spring Branch neighborhood of Houston and reading Texas Monthly in the 1970's. It was an enjoyable read about far off places like El Paso, Amarillo and Brownsville as well as a source of information as to the working of my own hometown. Sadly, this once proud publication has become a mouthpiece for the "limousine liberal" set. Out of 275 pages, 100 are dedicated to boutiques in the Dallas and Houston Galleria areas, 75 are for advetisements for plastic surgeons and/or attorneys, 40 are for bashing Conservatives, 35 are for what people from the Northeast want to pretend Texas is about and 25 are actually well written, thought provoking articles. The magazine has gone from a celebration of our state to a source of contempt of everything that made Texas what it is.
I have subscribed to this magazine off and on for the last 15 years.  This magazine is known for the meticulously researched articles on Texas history and local figures.  However, it seems that the better quality pieces have become fewer and more far between over recent years.  I don't know if the magazine went through a change in ownership or what happened.  They still have the occasional jewel but you have to wade through a ton of fluff.
I have been a subscriber to Texas Monthly for close to 20 years.  With that longevity, one might think this would be a 5-star review; however, that is not the case.  As a person who loves Texas, I subscribe to virtually all magazines with the word "Texas" in their name.  As a result of its extremely liberal, left-wing bias and trash-talking about Texas, I have many times been very close to cancelling my Texas Monthly subscription even before the renewal date.  At the last minute, however, they seem to include a great article on interesting Texas travel destinations, top Texas steak houses, etc. and I'm hooked (tricked?) into sending in another renewal.  It's hard to understand how a liberal blue-state publication survives in one of the reddest states in the Union.  I guess they have enough subscribers from our only blue county (Travis) to support their liberal editorial policy.  I know it's hard to believe but the current editor Of Texas Monthly is a Yankee vegetarian!  If you want liberal bias, subscribe to Texas Monthly; if you want a great travel magazine with incredible photography; spend your money on Texas HighwaysTexas Highwayswhich, in my opinion, deserves a 10-star rating
I have several criticisms of the New Yorker:1) Editorials--It's like reading Pravda. Tell me the title and I can tell you what will be written. In brief, EVERYTHING Bush--Evil terrible. EVERYTHING Obama--Great.2) Snob articles--Who wants to read puff pieces about Nora Ephron and her buddies?3) Seymour Hersch--He is accurate maybe 50% of the time. In many cases things he wrote were proven to be wrong and we never get a followup or correction.
For the past few years I had struggled with the decision as whether or not to renew the subscription to New Yorker. During such struggles, I would recall a few great pieces from the year past (e.g. Hersh's, Surowieki's) that always outweighed my increasing doubts about the magazine. And then, on the plus side, there are the cartoons and cover art that never fail you plus the last ten pages or so, with the arts and book reviews.Over time I saw that renewing the subscription became almost reflex, just like waiting for a redeeming next issue. It seemed its editors were trying still to figure out what to make out of it(s audience). Issue by issue, I've found it less engaging and even annoying in its obsession with everything hip and on the fringes. I then started to realize that New Yorker cultivates the illusion of people's being in the know, amidst the stuff that matters, yet it's all noise that fades into monotony. Canceling the subscription mid-course was the right thing to do, and in retrospect, the easiest.
I just ordered it for $1 / issue or 50 issues for $50 including a free bag.newyorker.com/go/freebag  I found that rate on the slip that comes in the magazine itselfGood luck.
There were several online prices that match Amazon at 40 per year.  I called The New Yorker directly at 800 825 2510 and got a price of 45 for 2 years.  This is a great mag.  Call the above number and get a great price as well.
The writing, content, and cartoons have all gone downhill over the last decade. The New Yorker of 1999-2003 was essential reading -- engaging, thought-provoking, clever, wry. Today's New Yorker is tired. The cartoons, once clever and relevant, are now either obtuse or worn out (how many more "stressed out" montages by Roz Chast must I flip past?). For my money, I get broader and deeper political coverage in The Economist, more innovative writing and photos in The Paris Review, and sharper liberal politics/commentary in Harper's. If it weren't for the occasional serious news story (most often written by Seymour Hersh), I'd scrap my subscription.
I always renew by calling the New Yorker. For the past four years, I've paid $25/year. This year we moved from a highly desirable zip code to a less high-profile one. When I went to renew I was told $49 was the best rate available. On a hunch, I changed my address back to the old one and the next day, called to renew. $25? No problem (I should have renewed for several years). I then changed my sub back to the new address. Worked for me.
As an aficionado of all things historic, old, and traditional, I subscribed to "The Saturday Evening Post." I was disappointed by what I received. With the exception of the excellent illustrations by Norman Rockwell, the magazine was largely advertisements for prescription medications and puff pieces about popular actors, authors, and other celebrities. This is not a worthy heir to the legacy of its founder, Benjamin Franklin, and the many gifted and talented individuals who have been associated with the magazine throughout its history. Simply put, it was not worth the price of a subscription.
when I started to read my 1st issue I was shocked to see all the ad's for senior related products. What a horrible mix of boring content and funny and sad advertising.
I can't stand this magazine, its ideas or its editor. The editor of this magazine-William Kristol is one of those rich jerks who smile while delivering bad news. I cannot bear phonies of his ilk.
The Weekly Standard is where the advocates of militarism and corporatism share the thoughts cobbled together by various industry lawyers, think tanks, and PR agentsPR! - A Social History of Spin.It is regularly promoted through other avenues of right-wing cultism, like the Limbaugh show and all the little LimbaughsEcho Chamber: Rush Limbaugh and the Conservative Media Establishment.Like any propaganda, it should be monitored to see how the spin doctors of the right-wing establishment are deceiving those who subscribe to the values of elitism, imperialism, and other ugly aspects of the American empireKilling Hope: U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions Since World War II-Updated Through 2003.For people who are interested in the real world, I'd recommend:The Conservative Nanny State: How the Wealthy Use the Government to Stay Rich and Get RicherFree Lunch: How the Wealthiest Americans Enrich Themselves at Government Expense (and Stick You with the Bill)Why We FightZ MagazineThe Corporation
Its take a while to get the magazine. I purchased it about a month ago and I have not gotten my first copy yet. I would have preferred to keep getting it from the store. I wanted the current issue and missed it due to waiting.
I somehow got this subscription for free and it's worth every penny. It is so pretentious it's ridiculous. The subtitle of the magazine should be "The advertising bible for extremely overpriced products." The articles are nothing more than endorsements; not a hint of criticism, critique or bad words to be found. When they attempt to write an article from a "common folk" perspective, it is obvious. The subject matter is pure fluff and fantasy and serves nothing more than a backdrop for the ads.
Lousy magazine; way too many adds; did not renew & will not ever get again. There are much better reads out there!
Snooty, pretentious and uninteresting. I was hoping that it would grow on me but I canceled the subscription after 4 months - it wasn't worth my time.
That you are super rich than this is the magazine for you.  Even if you are super rich and you need inspiration, this is the magazine for you.  If you are not super rich, and the reality of that being rubbed in your face monthly doesn't appeal to you, then I advise you do not subscribe.  Read it in the Dr.'s office instead and save what little money you do have.
The Town & Country magazine contains an article or two that provide good reading.Otherwise; the magazine contains more advertisements than anything.  One reason I will probably not renew once the subscription expires, unless this were to change.
This magazine just dares people to pick the most boring, pretentious, or ostentatious feature within any given issue. "Town & Country" is an extremely old money venture, and while it does have some good and useful articles (and lovely advertisements for things that virtually nobody can afford,) much of the magazine is essentially centered on a very elitist worldview that grows very tiresome rather quickly."Town & Country" was initially recommended to me because of ostensibly good coverage of travel and architecture, two areas I have great interest in. As an applicable aside, when I read a list of tips in the offshoot "Town & Country Travel" publication on ways to ease the stress of long range flights, I realized there was a reality check due when one of the first tips was to always fly in first class, ignoring the fact that the vast majority of readers would rather buy a car with what a typical first class ticket to Europe or Asia costs.As I mentioned, there are some good articles, and there are occasionally better and more useful offshoot publications like "Town & Country Travel" that are eminently more readable (although they still insist on advertising things like seven million dollar vacation homes on the coast, etc.) I will say that the photography is always good, and you can believe that if it appears here that it is the finest and most fashionable available: Hyacinth Bucket would, no doubt, like to be seen reading this magazine.Despite having occasionally worthwhile features, I find "Town & Country" to be excessively pompous, therefore I recommend finding another publication focused on whatever area of interest you have, whether it is fashion, society, or travel.
not my type of magazine. Too upscale and ads were for things well out of my price range. but for 5.00 its something to breeze through looking at. certainly not a magazine i look forward to coming in the mail(unlike my Garden and Gun magazine which I loooovvvveee)
I am disappointed in this magazine in general.  It does not meet my expectations in a magazine.Please cancel this renewal.
The product was fine, however I was not pleased that my credit card was charged for an auto-renewal.  I thought I opted out of any auto-renewals when originally ordered but there must have been fine print that missed.  I then had to go in and cancel the renewal and have my card reimbursed.  This will keep me from purchasing any more products through amazon.
I have read this magazine for several years.  It is sort of a guilty pleasure for me.  It's not a serious magazine, but it really doesn't claim to be.I do have to say that this magazine has gone downhill in recent years.  Like a number of the magazines that Bonnie Fuller has edited, it has never really recovered from her tenure.For one thing, most magazines of this genre have paparazzi photos, including People, which uses them in its "Star Tracks" section.  But lately Us has pages and pages of these photos, to the point that I have to agree with the reviewer who said it feels like you are stalking these people.  A recent issue of Us had a photo of a celebrity waiting in line to use the john.  Not kidding.  Celebrities are just like us, they have to go to the bathroom!  A photo like that just seems intrusive and not at all interesting or newsworthy.Another recent practice of this magazine is to interview a medical physician or psychiatrist about a celebrity they have never met, let alone treated, and ask for a possible diagnosis and treatment for that celebrity.  I really question the ethics of medical professionals who participate in this sort of thing.  This magazine now frequently describes Britney Spears as having bipolar disorder, as if it's gospel truth.  It may be true, but until Britney publicly confirms the nature of her illness (not that she should have to), I would object to this magazine publicly labeling her as bipolar and asking psychiatrists how her bipolar disorder should best be treated.The magazine has also started a feature where they show the covers of competitors, primarily Star and Life & Style, and demonstrate that the rumors reported on these magazine covers are false.  For example, a Star cover saying "Brad and Jen Reunite!" will be shown, along with a little blurb about how this is obvious BS and you can't believe the crap you read in Star magazine.  I find this feature incredibly hypocritical.  I've lost track of the number of times that Us has incorrectly reported that a Brangelina wedding/breakup/adoption/pregnancy had happened or was imminent.I will say that Us has a better beauty and fashion section than a lot of magazines of this genre, although they don't devote many pages to it.  The movie and TV reviews used to be good, but have really declined in quality.  The one section of this magazine that remains worth reading is the Fashion Police, which is often quite clever and always good for a laugh.  Although I enjoy that section, it's kind of sad that it should become one of the magazine's biggest selling points.
I have been subscribing to US Weekly for about a year and a half. In that time, I have never seen an issue without several pages of Jessica Simpson. I have to wonder; does Jessica donate money to this magazine? She seems to dominate the whole magazine, each and every week.I won't be renewing my subscription. I'm tired of Jessica and the untruths that US Weekly supplies.
The first thing to know about US Weekly is what it is and what it isn't. It is NOT a magazine. It IS cotton candy liberally spread on paper. A mixture of gleeful celebrity worship and tabloid dirt-dishing, this is an amusing guilty pleasure.The photo-heavy US mainly focuses on celebrities and their love lives -- mostly false reports and half-truths. Most of the rest is stuff like &quot;The Sexy Stars of S.W.A.T,&quot; photographs of stars doing ordinary things (ooh, Keanu Reeves ate a sandwich!), cutesy captions, and descriptions of handbags, jewelry, clothes and cocktails that no ordinary person can afford. Tacked on at the end, to provide the illusion of real journalism, are brief movie and TV reviews.There are a handful of diverting articles. For example, occasionally there are fluff interviews with various celebrities -- models, actors, singers, and reality-TV doofs. The most amusing (not to mention witty) section is the Fashion Police, with quilted skirts, paint-splattered boots, and Britney's sequined bra. It includes some nicely catty comments (&quot;Crazed kewpie doll&quot;) and proof that money can't buy taste.It's colorful and fun to look at. But so are baby toys. The wispiness of US makes it unmemorable. For those who worship at the altar of pop culture, it's a must. For the rest of humanity, it's trashy and fluffy.
Entertainment Weekly is pure fluff, and you can get the same celebrity news off any tv talk show or the E!tv network.  It's fun to flip through at the dentist's office, but the subscription cost really isn't worth the money.  Readers who want useful beauty and fashion tips are better off subscribing to Vogue, Marie Claire or Cosmopolitan than EW.I got my subscription because I had to spend some air miles that were about to expire.  It's okay to flip through, but there is no real substance, and I wouldn't pay money to resubscribe. Save the $$ and get a subscription to PEOPLE if you want to follow celebrities and you'll get better articles as well.
I used to really like US magazine. I have been collecting every issue each week for several years now. But wait! Has anyone else noticed that this magazine has drastically changed since the beginning of this year? Where are all the interesting articles and info on the celebrities, movies and music? There's no more than a thumbnail's sketch of info on anything now. It's all photos and quickie hype. It has no more substance. What happened to this good magazine?
I still have yet to receive this magazine and I ordered it over a month ago.
This magazine takes your interest off everyday life and puts it on the inane and over the top people.  That they resemble us and have the same foibles makes it kind of interesting.  But really, it is just fodder for people who have nothing else to do(not saying much for me).  I am already sick of it, but still I enjoy seeing the next issue.  Go figure!
This is the type of magazine I would want to receive if I was in the hospital after surgery (so on some sort of pain killers). Keeps my "limited" interest, can look at a page & then put down without missing anything. It has it's fun parts (best dresses etc) but has no real value. I got the subscription cheap & wont renew.
For me, US Weekly is a mixed bag. As a screenwriter, I want to know what's going on in the entertainment industry, who is dating whom, and what my favorite actors and actresses are up to, and US Weekly is the best choice because the magazine is easy to read and fun. However, US Weekly gets the award for Paparazzi stalkers of the year. They seem to capture celebrities at their most vulnerable, and sometimes don't even get the entire story straight before rushing an article to print. US Weekly also concentrates too much on Paris Hilton, J Lo, and now more than ever, Brittany Spears, three women I couldn't care less about. One article a month is enough, but in every issue? UGH! How bout dealing with how the other half live? And instead of all the bad, it would be great to see the more helpful side of celebrities like charity events and fundraisers.US Weekly also annoys me with its 'Stars, they're just like US" column, which depict stars doing everyday activities like shopping, filling up gas, and GASP, eating! This is ridiculous because never for a moment did I think these stars were from outer space and not like us. They make movies people, they're not martians. Obviously they're like US. Give that column a rest US. It's annoying.US Weekly is quickly doing downhill and if it continues this way, I will not renew my subscription. It started off great, but now it's getting pretty annoying and shallow. J Lo who?
I love the magazine but I think the prize was too much and I have to cancell the subscrption,because it was not a good prize.
I used to love this magazine when growing up but now it's basically a cheap version of In Style. It's more about gossip, make-up, hair and fashion than entertainment news and updates- as in the past. Sadly, I'm sure this is a sign of the times though. I'll stick with Entertainment Weekly and will not renew this.
Not impressed with this magazine.  Very little substance.  Can read whole magazine in 20 minutes.
Earlier in the year, I bought this magazine based upon the cover stories.  Right after I purchased the magazine, the cover stories proved to be FAKE.  In addition, they copy much of their material from PEOPLE magazine.  I recommend you buy PEOPLE instead of this magazine.
It is rediculous that an order placed on-line should take 4-6 weeks to be delivered.
I've ordered the Us weekly for a 3-month period. I have missed 3 issues already with 2 months in. Not impressed with its delivery to Vancouver!
I guess if you're one of those lucky people who has more money and time than they know what to do with, W is for you.  This magazine focuses mostly on rich people, the clothes they buy, and the parties that they attend.  I'm not just talking celebrities, either.  If that was the case, then perhaps W would be onto something.  But no... W prefers to devote at least half their articles to spotlighting people like Eugino Lopez, "heir to the vast Jumex juice fortune."  And then they tell us about their beachfront properties, glittering social circles, and $1,700 Louis Vuitton Murakami purses.  I don't know about you, but anyone who is willing to pay that much for something that looks like an embossed leather Hot Pocket isn't worth paying $4.50 to read about.