For anyone who like lots of information and has lots of time to read it's an informative magazine.  Reason is a libertarian monthly print magazine covering politics, culture, and ideas.
Being a moderate libertarian with a penchant for pragmatic politics and a subscriber to several magazines, I would think that i'm in the very core of their target audience.  But I just can't help being slightly repulsed and even a little embarassed by this magazine- I would hate if someone's first impression of libertarianism was through Reason.The magazine lacks focus, which becomes more noticeable when you combine it with the unengaging writing and abomidable formatting/styling so terrible that it would have been hard pressed to earn a D- in my high school graphic design class.There are lots of better alternatives, although you'll have to go to magazines that aren't specifically focused on libertarianism in america.  The Economist is great- thorough weekly coverage of the global political climate usually with a "socially liberal, fiscally conservative" bent.  Wired is a surprising one- each month it provides great coverage oh how technology is changing the the worlds of politics, culture, and society in general, and most of the writers present a libertarian if "left wing libertarian" viewpoint.  The Atlantic has been good too, although its surpringly still considered a liberal magazine- you wouldn't realize it until you flip through the advertisements for hybrid cars and Greenpeace projects.  I think those organizations need to reasess their marketing projects when the magazine now has articles that recognize Rehnquist as one of the best justices of all time, criticize the palestinian independence movement, and show possible republican presidential candidates in positive lights.
I thought I'd try this magazine based on the title Reason. While I was expecting a magazine focusing on critical thought, and maybe some philosophy and psychology, I was pretty disappointed because it just seemed to be a political magazine espousing libertarian ideals. While the majority of the magazine was articles discussing why government and regulations are bad, there was one article I really enjoyed in my first issue. It was an interview with Stewart Brand, who I had never heard of before. Interestingly, he actually criticized Reason magazine in the interview. I have to say I respect that the editors of Reason kept that in the magazine. I cancelled after my second issue because it was just more of the same, minus any articles that were interesting to me this time around.If you're into Libertarianism, you might actually enjoy this magazine. The articles tend to run on the long side, and can be kind of dry, but they did seem to make an effort to remain fairly objective.For those of you looking for a magazine less about politics and more about reason, critical thinking, and thought in general, I would recommend skipping this magazine and checking outSkeptical Inquireror Psychology Today.
I do like the convenience of renewing my magazine subscription through Amazon, but for some reason I always end up getting a duplicate issue. It happened again this year. I have two April issues.
I know many people who are confirmed addicts to the game of golf and one publication they like to read is Golfweek. This magazine is the only golf publication I know about that is issued with this level of frequency, making it an ideal choice for those who can't seem to get enough golf.Since this magazine is published every week, some of the information contained within might seem a little bit boring to certain readers. There isn't always enough going on in the world of golf to fill a magazine from one week to the next. But the editors of Golfweek manage to find enough to complete each issue. They do so by stressing any news, minor or major, about golf and by including recent scores and worldwide rankings of golfing professionals and even of college golf teams.Golfweek doesn't dedicate as much space as other golf magazines to the area of learning, and this could disappoint some readers who want to learn some new tips. Statistics, scores, and breaking news seem to be foremost in importance with this magazine. This is nice, but I would like to see a little more advice from the pros on how to reduce my handicap and improve my golfing game.Golfweek is still a good publication for those who are fanatical about the game of golf. It doesn't offer many personal stories about the different personalities of golf and it doesn't offer many learning tips. But those who are addicted to golf will love it nonetheless. It brings the world of golf to your mailbox every week, with updates on scores, tournaments, and news.
A better name for this would be Golfeveryotherweek.  It stopped being a weekly a while ago, and now is somewhere between weekly and bi-weekly (38/yr).  Otherwise, still a pretty decent magazine.
I got this magazine subscription free, so no complaints there about the price. That being said, I would never buy this magazine willingly. It tries to be edgy and provocative, but falls short in my opinion. Only edgy if you've lived a sheltered life.The only positive was the magazine format itself and the paper. Awesome gloss to it, and I did like how it was bigger than your average mag.
Interview is an interesting diversion. I prefer Interview over People or Us because the quality of the interview subjects selected really stands out over time. If you haven't read Interview, most articles are people in the arts interviewed by someone they already know or have something in common with. Consider it if you'd be interested by what would happen to People if it were to be run by the staff of the New Yorker from the 70's.
I was invited by Amazon.com to review Interview magazine. It was time to re-new my subscription and Amazon.com offered a better price than Interview itself. (My business refuses to buy [or subscribe] to any magazine which costs more than a dollar an issue. Interview is displayed in the reception area so it's like 'free advertising' for the mag.) If you are not familiar with this publication then let me say right-off-the-bat that it was originally started/published by Andy Warhol. Interested now? One of the things I love about the mag is: many/most of the interviews are done by non-journalists. How would you like to have: Keith Richards interviewing Johnny Depp? Or Gwyneth Paltrow talking to Stella McCartney about her latest show? That's the way Interview approaches it. Most of the time Interview is way ahead of the curve; you will see the movie, hear the album, read the book, etc. long after the 'interview' appeared in Interview; which implies you better hang-on to your copies, to read later what was discussed, once you have had the subjective experience yourself.J Sharkey [Diamond Mind Productions, L.C.C.] 5312011
it's really a good managzine to read, however, i only received 6 issues and the rest of them have never received so far.
got off to clumsy start with subscription having needed to change addresses but got this sorted out. the mag is what I expected but looking for ereader format going forward
this magazine was more creative and necessary back in the day. bring back the large format, even if it was printed on non-glossy newsprint pages, the pictures were gorgeous & the interviews actually interesting.the best interviews now are by other celebrities, less promotion than flowing conversation between creative people.&lt;&lt;&lt;the magazine is now more commercial and glossy, the photos aren't provocative.i will continue to be a fan, not a fanatic. where is the art? where is the style?
Bottom-Line: I subscribe to "Interview Magazine" but I will not be renewing my subscription.I have been making a conscience effort of late to expand my horizons, to get out of (magazine reading) comfort zone.  To that end I have cast my reading net out from the usual news rag, and started reading a new diverse set of magazines, including Esquire, Ebony, Business Week, US, People, Popular Science, Jet, Car & Driver, Essence, Laptop Magazine, Travel & Leisure, Cooks, and "Interview Magazine", just to name a few.For a person like me who usually frequents the aforementioned news magazines, "Interview Magazine" is like a culture shock.  First off the magazine is large; larger in fact than any magazine you might find on the newsstand or in the local chain book store with the exception of Rolling Stone.  Second the magazine is printed on thick paper stock, which has a gritty feel to it; say good-bye to glossy and hello to matte and muted colors."Interview Magazine" features advertisements, wall to wall advertisements; the interviews with up-and-coming and established celebrities interspersed throughout the pages of the magazine seem almost coincidental.  I am currently reading the April 2007 issue, with a large inviting picture of Liv Tyler on the front cover.  To the magazines credit it does try and cover the full spectrum of entertainment from fashion to music, from art to the movies and places in between.Most of the interviews--especially those done on up-and-coming stars and starlet's--are mere snapshots of the persons personal and or professional life; there is little sink my proverbial intellectual, or even mildly interested teeth into.  There is just enough there to try and goad me into find out more.  The in-depth interviews are a lot more fulfilling; most of these are done by other celebrities; for instance in this issue Rose McGowan is interviewed by Quentin Tarantino, and Liza Minnelli interviewed musician Gerald Way.  Past issue have followed this same formula, with mostly good results, meaning I have enjoyed the interviews and images.But the one huge downside to "Interview Magazine" is its slavish devotion to advertising.  In fact the first 50 pages of this issue are devoted to wall-to-wall cutting edge, youth-inspired clothing and fragrance advertising.  The masthead of the magazine is stuck somewhere with this advertising soup, but the table of contents did not show up until one third of the magazine was leafed through--very annoying!  Not only that, but every celebrity image was accompanied by a solid paragraph on who made what they were wearing, who styled their hair, who did their make-up, and incredibly, what fragrance they happened to be wearing during the shoot!Is this an example of advertising run amok, or am I being far too sensitive and demanding in wanting "Interview Magazine" to at least be a magazine and not a run-on poster board for the chic and impossibly unfettered youth of America (New York City) and Europe is wearing?  But so many magazines follow this advertisement-on-every-page formula; is this the new norm, and should I get used to it?I could in "Interview Magazine's" case if most of the writing were not so rushed and devoid of substance.  This is something I alluded to above; sound-bites have their place, but not inside the covers of a magazine name "Interview Magazine", where I at least expect to learn something more about an artist than where they were discovered, their age, or how often they frequent Starbucks.  It's called substance and "Interview Magazine" just doesn't have enough to justify its larger than life existence.I subscribe to "Interview Magazine" but I will not be renewing my subscription; in this case my bid to broaden my horizons found a mostly vapid landscape full of wasted paper, muted colors, and questionable prose.
A lot of technical information for hunting, but also some information related to species and environment
I got this magazine for free when the previous tenant of my house forgot to forward his mail. For what I paid it was a fine magazine. Seriously though, it seems to be weighted towards cruisers and the Gold Wing crowd, but not too heavily. It's one of the more commuter-friendly bike mags out there, and is worth reading for that reason alone.
A good basic all around motorcycle magazine. Definitely for the mainstream and not the extreme biker, left or right.
I have been a Flight Journal subscriber for many years so I was very disappointed with the Voodoo article. There are so many inaccurate statements that it makes me wonder if the person interviewed actually flew an F101. I sent an e mail to the magazine web site outlining some of the mistakes but no reply was received. I also provided a copy of a page from my Air Force flight records that document the fact that I flew the Voodoo as a pilot in 1959 and 1960.I also provided the much the same imput on the magazine web site as a response about the article. It also never saw the "light of day". One can only wonder about the overall accuracy of any of the articles in the magazine. I will not be renewing my subscription this year.
I'm recently getting back in to RC cars, and figured the best way to catch up was to grab a couple of magazines.On one hand, you haveRC Driver, which is a pretty broad publication that tries to cover beginners to enthusiasts.On the other, you have this magazine, which is almost a parody of itself.The January '13 issue seems to be pushing the "hot ladies love RC cars!" angle (with "hot" being incredibly subjective) when you manage to find a page that doesn't have something to do with Traxxas. Granted, as the holiday issue, it literally has a Traxxas catalog in the middle -- but that catalog dominates the entire magazine.What little original content there is seems to be rehashing descriptions you could read on any hobby shop's site, and apparently, publishing MSRP (or any price) on any of the products is a major faux pas in the editors' eyes. I guess if I loved Traxxas and RTR cars as much as most Radio Control Car Action's readers appear to, I'd probably know what the prices are without needing to be told.I don't hate it, but I really don't understand why it's the more expensive of the two RC car magazines, when it has the least amount of original content.
This a good magazine for someone who wants to learn to play folk or fingerstyle music. I have tried all of the other magazines and this magazine as far as content and price are above the rest. That being said, this magazine is only a good suppliment for your guitar learning. Even if you don't desire to do anything but strum an acoustic guitar, I don't think this magazine can be your one source of literature. I would recommend that this magazine be purchased along with one of the mainstream magazines such as Guitar One or Guitar World.
I am a noodler as far as guitar playing and I use to like "Play Guitar!" by this publisher until they did away with it. Anyway, I took out a subscription to these guy's mag and pretty much enjoyed it most of the time. Still missed Play Guitar! though. Man. The problem I have with this mag is there is not enough basic stuff in it for me and it is really, really expensive. Also it does have a lot of fingerpicking stuff that it seems like entire issues are dedicated to. That's not all bad though. Plus all the equipment reviews seem to be positive. I have gone to Guitar Center to checkout some of the equipment that was reviewed and in my very amateurish opinion found them to be junk which has made me lose confidence in the magazine equipment reviews. I won't re-subscribe right now simply b/c it is just too expensive for me. Oh - though - the online lessons are pretty cool. Come down on the price and I will gladly go for it again, even though I cannot use every issue to my advantage.
I ordered the wrong magazine, had to return, very easy!! We were very pleased and happy with our purchase! The packaging was great as well and will purchase again real soon! Thanks again
Antiques Magazine is a publication made for antique lovers and history buffs and its pages are loaded with photos of artistic paintings, handmade goods, rare pictures, and other items of similar nature. It is a magazine for those who love antiques and also those who consider themselves historians since many articles deal with historical collections of art and antiques.This magazine is overflowing with antique goods and information. The articles contained in this magazine are intended to be visually stimulating in some cases, educational in others. They offer history lessons on the art that was popular during a specific era, a glimpse into an art collection at a museum, and more. The articles are meant to stimulate the interests of those who already like this subject and they often provide a means to learn more, to discover places to see or purchase some of the featured works, and to develop an appreciation for the craftsmanship that went into making these items.Antiques Magazine is a publication dedicated to creative art and history but one thing that isn't very creative is the titles of the articles. This might surprise some readers at first, but the editors at Antiques decided to get straight to the point in the naming of the featured articles rather than try to be creative. The features thus have titles like "The Eating Utensil Collection", "Spanish Culture in Art", etc. Each title points out exactly what the article covers, leaving nothing to the imagination.The writing in Antiques is certainly good and well- edited. But I'm afraid that many readers will find the articles a little boring. They describe things well and they usually offer a good history lesson. But they lack spark and readability. I have tried to read some articles in this magazine and found my eyelids getting heavy and my thoughts drifting to other subjects. This is why I generally stick with the pictures when I glance at Antiques Magazine. I don't bother reading because most of the material doesn't keep my interest.Overall, Antiques Magazine is an okay publication and unless you have a deep interest in antiques and their history, you will likely become bored quickly if you try to read the articles. But the pictures in Antiques are often very interesting. Even if you have little interest in reading a magazine like this one, the photos alone make it worth an occasional look.
This magazine is a Christmas present to a relative.  He enjoys it very much.  I have had issues with the publishers about duplicates but that seems to have been straightened out.
We like the magazine very much. But we only recieved 1 issue and then we never recieved any more. Could you check on our order and send the magazine . Thank You Joyce B.-Swift
Its an informative magazine with good pictures but most of them don't have the species names on the pictures. It highlights mostly salt water and has more ads than content. I am not renewing my subscription. I can find more information on the internet.
good and beautiful magazine, however lots of commercials and not enough content of architecture, interior design, and arts in general
I bought a vacumm cleaner & little while later they offered me a free 1-year magazine subscription as a reward.  The choices were nothing I would routinely buy (no Playboy, Maxim or any car mags), so I picked this one.  Why??  Because it was the most expensive (but free) of the lot.  The pictures are real good.  The pages are slick too...you know - glossy.
I signed up for a 1 year subscription and the first week, I had only 9 months left on the subscription.  They sent me the current issue and 2 other issues, one a month old and one 2 months old.  I kinda feel like they are giving me the bum's rush here.  Great magazine, this rating is not about the magazine content.
I am often amazed by how much money is spent on these homes and how little creativity is involved. I have been a subscriber [a gift from my family] for many many years and the magazine never changes. Every so often there will be something great, but there is much more beige wall to wall than anything else. Tasteful, safe and unimaginative. But of course they have high end advertisers to please. Long ago I stopped using the magazine for ideas.
I used to love Architectural Digest.  I got to admire and be inspired by incredible homes, and I couldn't wait to get my issue every month.However, lately, I have seen less Architecture than Interior Design, and more ads than ever. I've even let my subscription lapse.  Every now and again, I'll pick it up on the magazine rack, but only if the issue is architecture heavy, or covers a particularly interesting project in depth.Architectural Digest used to be the pinnacle in the field, but now it is just a mixed bag.
For many years Architectural Digest was my favorite magazine.  After the updated, improved version came into being, though I realize this version has received enthusiastic acceptance by many, I find that I have to wade through pages and pages of ads before coming upon actual articles of interest.  I am extremely disappointed at the turn the magazine has taken.
AD has lost its edge over the years as it has become more focused on life style rather than interior design (witness the extensive sections dedicated to world hotels and properties for sale, or look at the breezy, non-substantive &quot;Letters to the Editor&quot; to get an idea that AD is not taken seriously by designers).Still, AD usually presents one designer, or two, whose work is inspiring, and it's Special Editions (&quot;before and after,&quot; or &quot;designers' own homes&quot;) usually make up for some disappointing months.
I did not want to renew it this year because hardly anyone checks it out in the library. I will not renow for 2014.
Ok, this is a pretty thin magazine that is mostly full of ads... so pretty much like most magazines these days.  There is usually only 1 article per magazine that I am interested in reading, and the tabs in the back of the magazine usually don't interest me.That said, it is nice to see soo many ads in one place, it kind of keeps you up to date on new guitars / amps / pedals / and generally the state of the bass market today.This is not worth buying for the actual content, as there isn't much of it in my opinion.  Only buy this if it is very cheap.
First of all, I was a subscriber of Bass Player Magazine for about 6 years. That is about the time I started playing bass guitar in a rock cover band. Bass Player has changed over the years and I enjoy the newer articles on the rockers that I actually listen to in real life. I don't care so much for the jazz and upright bass scene, but the articles are interesting to read just the same. I find almost all the bass transcriptions way beyond my ability, but that probably only shows my lack of skill. I don't know how some reviewers state that the magazine is good for beginners, everything seems just beyond my reach, and I have been successfully playing bass in a cover band for years. I do think Bass Player is making more of an attempt at reaching players at my level, but they just don't seem to hit the mark, IMHO. I read the articles and get motivated by the stories. So the magazine is good in that respect.If I want to learn how to play something I can use in the band, I turn to YouTube.com for a video lesson or ultimate-guitar.com for the bass tab. Both of those resources are free, and have the resource material I need to learn to play a song. Bass Player typically only has one bass transcription per issue. If I could actually play some of those transcriptions, maybe I would feel more positive about it. But Bass Player typically picks songs with complicated bass lines that are beyond my ability. If you can play complicated extended 16th note bass lines, there is probably some good material there.Bass Player is an OK magazine, but I wish there was an alternative. I recently let my subscription to Bass Player expire, and I have not missed it.
I ordered this mag in January and here it is, April, and I still haven't received the first issue.  I have been on the phone with Synapse and they told me TWICE that they would get back to me with info on my subscription within 24 hours and I still haven't heard from them.  The mag is great but the subscription service seems far below Amazon's usual service.
I love the magazine but I was supposed to receive 1 digital issue to try for free but every time I tried to set it up it would not work.  So I contacted the magazine's customer service and they said that the digital edition is an additional charge and that I could get that through Amazon but Amazon only shows the App and the print edition so for now I will keep the print issue but when it comes time to renew I won't.
This is not the Better Homes my mom subscribes to.  Not by far. Fancy photos, good color suggestions, but all too  impractical.
Way thinner than it was when my parents got it as I was a kid. The articles still have their moments of greatness and there are a handful of good recipes, but I'm pretty underwhelmed.
I remember looking at this magazine when my grandmother subscribed to it many years ago. It was really interesting and high quality. Although the content is still fairly good, the magazine is now very thin, and includes much less information that is worth reading. I also noticed that over the course of my two year subscription, the physical quality was also quickly slipping. The color layers didn't match up, so that some of the pages were not readable. Some of the pages were cut improperly so that parts of articles were missing. This occured several times through the year. I still think that it is a good magazine to buy from the magazine rack if the issue looks interesting that month, but I won't spend my money on another subscription this year.
Used to be one of my favs. The decor articles are getting really bad. Pretty tasteless, certainly in gouge styles for the most part. Recipes, down hill also. The gardening still holds my interest however.
its ok
I though I had ordered this to be delivered  to  my kindle. This was my mistake, but would like to have it changed to kindle if possible.  Thank you Sue
I was so sad to realize how bad the advertisements had gotten. Part of the beauty of having magazine subscriptions are the relaxing moments of leisurely flipping through the pages; browsing all of informative and visually appealing pages it has to offer. Unfortunately, in comparison with it's competition, Better Homes and Gardens magazine doesn't seem to offer this anymore. I'd rather just jump onto their website. Very disappointing.
After hearing such good reviews of this magazine, I picked up a copy of this month's Better Homes and Gardens from the grocery store as a trial before subscription.  The photography was wonderful, and it boasted some great ideas through the photography, but the articles were too brief and lousy.  Moreover, I was thoroughly disappointed with the overabundance of advertisement that litters this magazine.  I was very much disappointed.  I was expecting more than just good ideas from  pictures.
I've been a subscriber to this magazine on and off for decades. I'm hoping that they'll change the content yet again because it's now just another "woman's" magazine with articles on beauty, health, clothing and parenting. How does this nonsense relate to better homes or gardens?  I dig through the extraordinary number of ads and extraneous junk to find the articles and features I enjoy - gardening, home dec and recipes.  If it weren't for the ridiculously low price on Amazon, I wouldn't renew the subscription.
I read it quickly, it has more things that I am not interested in, but I enjoy the stories that appeal to me.  Certainly Amazon does a very good job of managing my subscriptions.  I wish all magazines would be offered in Amazon.  I prefer that to ordering them from constant junk mail they send.
I have always loved the better homes and gardens magazine, and was so excited about finally getting my own subscription...until there was an issue with my subscription. there is no phone number that i can find on their website for me to speak to an actual person. I have sent over 5 emails to their customer service and have received 2 responses neither of which actually helps me. i think that they are just general responses that they send out to everyone and they have nothing to do with my questions or problems. I have never been so frustrated with a customer service before! Can't even say how tired i am of sending message that are completely ignored. makes me want to cry and really brings down the interest in their products, since they can't even treat their customers with a little respect.
(Forgive me if this looks like another of my reviews. Some of these mags are indistinguishable to me.)Ok, I do cook a lot, but my hubby is gluten free so a lot of the recipes are unusable, or need modification.Like all other "home" mags it's very consumer-driven. Buy this new cleaner/foundation/moisturizer. Buy these new rugs/lamps/sofas. Buy these backpacks/storage cubes/clothes that are trending now for your kids. Buy, buy, buy. I find this very off-putting. Even  the "budget" room remodels (furniture replacement) usually have ridiculously priced rugs, lamps, or chairs that I can't ever imagine buying.There are articles on handling family, financial, and social issues, party planning, etc as you would expect. It is very current, with discussions of sex (though not as frank as Redbook is), social media, and other issues.Bottom line, if you are a modern mom with some disposable income trying to "do it all and look fabulous" this is probably right for you. For me, no kids, not so youth-driven, seldom entertain, it's not that interesting.One thing this mag has over others in the Good Housekeeping Seal. They have the courage to stand behind items they feel truly work well and add to the quality of life for users.
Loved this magazine in the beginning but then noticed some things can be a bit repetitive. Good for coffee tables, but for constant ideas, stick to the internet.
Better Homes and Gardens has recently started getting a little too Environmental for my taste.  If I wanted to know about all the lastest Green products and how to reduce my carbon footprint and all I would by a magazine about that.  I just want to know about garden layout, perennials, how to make tasty dinners and desserts, and decorating my house.  I am not going to be trading in my 77 cub cadet for an electric push mower any time soon.
This magazine put me off on the first issue because it is at least 50% ads, but I do enjoy the recipes. But for $5 it's descents at best.
I like the magazine in general, but I still haven't received the first issue.  It's been a month since the order was placed.  I'm sure it will be enjoyed if it is ever received.
Bird Talk is a good magazine for people new to companion birds, including children.  It contains solid basic information on diet, housing, and safety for new bird owners.  The focus is on parrots, though recent articles have begun to cover some finches and softbills as well.  Reading this magazine for a year will be enough to help most people decide if a bird is right for them, and to give people some idea of what species to select.  The beautiful photography and extensive advertising for specialty products are also plusses.There are three main drawbacks to Bird Talk.  First, the information is very basic.  Those interested in in-depth information on any species won't find it here - check out books or the AFA Watchbird (the American Federation of Aviculture's magazine) for more serious information.  Second, as another reviewer pointed out, the material is often redundant.  Subscribe for two years or more, and you'll feel like you're reading back issues instead of a current magazine.  Finally, the magazine tends NOT to cover the more difficult aspects of bird ownership in any depth.  As any parrot rescue can tell you, parrots (like dogs) can have some serious behavior issues if not properly socialized and cared for, including screaming, feather picking, aggression, and self-mutilation.  The magazine glosses over or outright ignores the more difficult side of parrot ownership, which is unfortunate, especially since so many up-and-coming bird owners rely on it for information.
Not for breeders, or for people whose birds have serious health or behavioral problems. Just a nice fluffy mag for people new to birds.This magazine isn't only about baby birds. Sure a lot of the content is geared toward owners of young birds. But face it, that's how most people get a bird. They buy a young one. But be assured, there are plenty of articles on older/adopted birds.However I do agree that if you are an adult who has owned a bird for a year or even less, or if you have any previous bird-smarts, you will quickly outgrow this magazine. It doesn't help that the articles are recycled rather frequently. I worked in a pet store for over two years, and when things got slow, I would read this mag as it was sold at the checkout. (Meaning I have pretty much read every issue for at least two years)The magazine is highly devoted to parrot owners. I'd say at least 80% of the content is on parrots in any given issue.On the bright side, it's a good, quick read for kids or adults with no bird experience, and the pictures are nice.
Although I only received one magazine from my subscription before writing this review, I have read BirdTalk magazines before.  Pictures are amazing!  Articles, however, are a little weak, and the rest of the magazine is filled with ads.  If you want to know about new toys, trinkets, and feed for your bird, look no further.
I think for a novice aviculturist, the magazine is a great start to learning about our beautiful feathered friends and gaining great access to avian products.The largest drawback to BT is the polyanna attitude towards birds.  All the parrots are described as wonderful pets with wonderful personalities.  They fail to elaborate on the HUGE downfalls of owning parrots and skirt real life issues such as hundreds of birds in rescues and shelters.
Bird Talk is an easy and basic magazine about the parrot world.  I find it to be very light but interesting enough to look forward to each issue.
I truely understand that magazines need to embrase the internet but to remove the favourite sections from the magazine (and flip-flop) resorting to us to visit their site defeats the purpose of me in particular of purchasing this mag which has grown ever moreso in this mentality the past 3 years.  Worst of all is when writers ask for help about their PC problems and either due the the former "Doc" being portreying by a new one anwering his inability to log into the internet with a classic (Maximum PC style answer) please use our tiny url to get the full details on how to help the poor fellow.I couldn't wait to get this magazine as it would give honest reviews time and time again til what I think the economy caused a more reserved and more choppy looking layout and what appears like more intern work.  I went so far as to find errors on a magazine that featured "x" amount of unheard of apps you must not live without and just by whoever approved it, it was my last magazine I ever read.  Almost like the magazine became noting more than bowing down to each company with the exception of a few bad apples that were just too bad to seriously give a good review.Another thing is that I know of a lot of people who are current subscribers to this MP, and even they get a laugh at all the repeated stories/tutorials shown in such great detail but forgetting some of the most crutial factors.  Some of the the ones off the top of my head that seemed to read well eventually completely skipped like actually burn a dvd via a chosen suite.  It focused on rather large 'OK' buttons,  random option, and yet reading it time and time again, the "how to burn a dvd" other than what options are never unveiled to the reader.I wish the days of a rare 11 rating came along or really give a reason to purchase the magazine instead of the website as I am all for magazine support (when tiny url's themselves is a great debate in security alone).  Or having to rip out 20 consecutive pages for One advertisement in one wallop for a major web hosting company.  One last thing, regarding the Mag, loves to assume "I" am the one on products I can't live without- if I were still in 8th or 9th grade when the gread editors slowly left the company...
I like Maximum PC magazine, but when I received my first copy it came without the CD. I will not renew my subsciption.
This magazine is just ok. I ended up subscribing to pc world instead. They are more for the technician and not just the cusumer.
Wish it was written somewhere that you would not get the CD with the magazine.  I knew the deal smelled to good to be true. Great magazine but no CD, and I'm stuck with this deal for 2 years.
Very dissapointed. I love this magazine and was very dissapointed to find out the cd's were not included with the subscription.
Just like their sister mag PC Gamer. These clowns are so completely biased towards Intel/nVidia that it almost hurts. Alot of the articles are good. Just good. Not really ground breaking or constantly interesting just good. The one thing I really do like about this mag is the consumer protection section. Some of the hardware reviews are ok but they just seem to parrot what everyone on the boards say and never try to take another perspective on the topics.
Maximum PC is a PC magazine with an attitude.  It's a rather slim magazine, with each issue averaging 110 pages, including ads.  The emphasis is on opening up your PC's chassis and mudding around.  There's also a monthly back page devoted to modding.  As a PC user I have mixed feelings about the magazine.  I'm not a diehard nerd (even though I can be a qualified technician as well as programmer), so I don't find the incessant coverage on upgrading and modding very interesting.  The website is also a joke, not being able to offer a nice online complement to the print magazine.  On the other hand, the content is not stale like with PC Mag and (gasp!) PC World, and some of the articles can be fun to read.  The upshot is, this is worth subscribing to; it's just not the &quot;idea&quot; PC mag I expected to be.
There articles are alright, but they screw you on the amount you get as i only got 10 of the 12 months subcription. so be carefull unless you are on the auto renew.
This magazine was great for the times but as with all other technology magazines the new stuff isn't as good a lot of advertisments and reviews seem biased.
I am getting sick and tired of seeing the next issue on news stands before it hits my home.  Loyal members should have it fresh off the press.  I wonder if Future US Customer Service reads this???
Make sure you make it clear that the listing says without Discs.  I thought I would be getting discs with my magazines.  I found out that was not the case.
Hi! This is a good magazine. I will cut to the chase about why I subscribe to it and the reason why most everyone else out there does too - it's those program CD-ROMs that include a ton of things that you can use that are mostly all free. Yah, I can go out and find them myself instead of having the CD-ROM at your disposal, but often you do not know what you are looking for when you search online for a solution or program... ... or your search engine overlooks a program(s) out there that you want. There are tons of handy and very useful tools and utilities on them.  It saves me a lot of work searching. This is the plus.Now, the magazine articles are okay. Lately, I have found that they are discussing issues not of importance to me. I am seeing more ads in them than the older issues that had better old core help providing assistance with common programs users have and solutions to common issues. Once in a while I find in an issue an article I like that serves some use, but it is now hit or miss. It used to be that EVERY issue had some practical assistance I could use. Again, the reason that I subscribe is those CD-ROMs, I will not lie here.Now, the latest issue I am having with them is there subscription renewal service after you have had them for one year (or more) and they tell you that you need to renew when you haven't finished receiving all your paid subscription issues. They tell you that you HAVE received (in my case) all 12 issues when I have only received 10 to date. They state that they expect to receive you payment for renewal when you haven't finished your first year subscription service. NOW, WAIT A MINUTE HERE! I still have 2 issues before my current subscription is done.  I believe that I will pay them when my renewal is done. After I receive my last two (2) issues for this subscription period, them I will pay to renew for the next subscription period. The reason why I do not pay in advance is I will get short changed and it makes it very difficult to correct this issue at a later date.  I had an issue with this and I need it resolved, so I contacted their customer service department via e-mail.  They replied back to me promptly. They stated that my last two issues were in the mailing process and my current subscription period will expire in November 2010 which is correct. I agree when it will expire. We are on the same page here. However, "when payment is received, service will continue through the October 2010 issue." Now, this is B.S. They are holding back on my last 2 issues that I paid for until they receive my payment. What if I did NOT want to renew this magazine? Does this mean I do not get my last 2 issues (Oct. & Nov. 2010) that I paid for? This is not fair business practices!!! They are still obligated to still send me my last 2 issues regardless if I renew or not. I am a little angered here. Yes, I like the magazine for obvious reasons and I will renew; but this is not fair at all! This is some deceptive marking trick to keep you subscribed and keep you paying to receive all your issues you already paid for!
-It keeps me up with the lasest PC technology.-Reviews are very unbiased-Too many Game technology articles
I tought I was renewing my MaximumPC subscription (I have subscribed for 6 or 7 years) but I ended up getting 2 subscriptions, with this new one overlapping my previous one.  Not sure I'd try this with Amazon again since it should have simply extended my original subscription, but did not, so there were no savings.
I am surprised at those who subscribed to Boston Magazine, which is always more or less the same, and then exclaimed with surprise at how it focuses on "the elite" and "isn't the real Boston." Didn't they look at it before they bought it?Boston Magazine is a frothy ad-filled city magazine with some fun features & a lot of fluff. Its "Best of" issue is widely read & the reviews can be useful but it is not a serious periodical. More of a provincial Vanity Fair.If that appeals to you, then subscribe.
can I not get the Catholic Digest in Canada ?if so, how
This Chicago magazine subscription was a christmas present. The magazine is o.k., but usually ends up in the garbage. There are too many ads and not enough information on the "real" chicago. I do like some of their articles, but again, usually, it ends up in the garbage.
Useful for specific purposes:  Restaurant ratings and reviews, "Top XX whatevers" etc.  Just don't pay more than $12 a year, the "rack rate" the publisher offers.
Like so many magazines that have decided to pursue the relatively affluent core of their subscription, Chicago magazine is great if you want to read a magazine to figure out what to buy.  It's got lots of articles that are relevant to you if you're upwardly mobile, either live in the suburbs or have a car to get there, and are interested in the latest trends in entertainment and shopping.That said, it's just not what I look for in a magazine.  I've read many issues and while the writing is pretty good, I've never found an article that I thought was worth saving, or even much that told me something I didn't know about Chicago, and I've only lived here a few years.  Don't be fooled by the title -- this magazine is fine for what it is, but it doesn't even come close to covering Chicago.
CR has been one of my major resource for the last 20 years or so.  However, I began to question the objectivity when they endorsed Obama Care when the majority of Americanswere against it.  I am sure CR did not read the bill, as it is unreadable.  The parent company CEO leans far left which makes me question the value of their recommendationsconcerning such products as "the VOLT"
.I've been a subscriber and enthusiastic supporter for over 20 years. Shining the spotlight on product quality is a worthy mission and they have decades of excellence behind them.But CR has really lost its way. I want to give them 4 stars, but they just keep shooting themselves in the foot.Examples:- Too few products listed in each article.- Their mailings are as bogus as the companies they spotlight. Misleading early renewal notices, "Important News" emails that are pure promos, sweepstakes nonsense, etc. I've received over 20 "Last Notice" offers for Website access.- Amazon reviews are usually much more useful. 50x the number of products covered and 5x the amount of detailed insight and data on each product.- Website entrance fee is out of line. $19/year for magazine subscribers ($12 first year teaser).- Website could be a magnet for user comments and reviews, but their top-down, charge-for-access mindset prevents this.- Emailing them was quite difficult when I wanted to report an indexing error.- iPhone 4 was rated "unacceptable" due to the antenna issue that many other phones also had, and was easily solved with a bumper or case (which 90% of people use anyway.) Arrogant + stupid.- Reliability survey methods: seriously flawed. If your vacuum dies after 3 years, there is no place in the survey for that info, because you replaced it of course. They only want to hear about your current vacuum, not the one you replaced 6 months ago.- Auto reliability data is collected every year in early summer but full results are not published until 9 months later. The April auto issue is a tradition that makes no sense.- Auto models come out in September, but the Annual Auto Issue is in April. Tradition!- The "Selling it" feature on the inside back-cover exposes typos and supposedly funny marketing mis-steps. Please put this page out of its misery.- The annual Buying Guide, which gets thinner every year, is a rehash of prior articles. But it's *VERY handy* because it's also an index of articles. Used to be an 8-year index. Then a 4-year index. This year (2012) they ELIMINATED the past-issue index!Summary:Probably worth subscribing to Consumer Reports, but it's in decline, and the closer you look, the worse it gets.~~~ Comments & questions welcome ~~~
I subscribed for my mother as she's always reading reviews about different products.  She seems to swear by it and has enjoyed receiving it.Just an FYI; it can take up to two (2) months before the first issue arrives after subscribing.  This was a partial gift for my mom, but didn't make it there in time (a month after) for her birthday.
If you want the unbiased FACTS on the things you are considering buying, I say go with CR. It is the most venerable consumer review source with the deepest pockets and largest audience and most experience, and has scruples. It does not accept advertising in its pages, a rarity today. I refer to CR before making any major purchase and find its articles entertaining and informative and written with common sense and far-sightedness.I do have some beefs with CR, which is a nervous Nelly Yankee publication with obnoxious eccentricities that need to be weeded out.1. Their marketing dept. likes to mail people to death with offers for their online service, renew subscriptions, etc. etc. Give it a rest already! CR needs to quit wasting membership fees on junk mail. I have received at least 12 envelopes from CR in a year's time. And I have a 5 yr subscription already! NO excuse for that kind of wasteful misuse of funds.2. CR just considers a limited number of brand names for items such as plasma or LCD or CRT tv's. Go to any store, you will see a dozen brands that CR has NO rating for. Inexcusable really.3. CR's focus is totally on cars. Each issue, about 1/4th the magazine is blown on new cars costing $25,000 - $75,000. That's real sweet if you're in the upper middle class and buy new cars every few years. For those of us who prefer used cars it's just a waste of space. Why not leave the car ratings for the annual report? Why put a new car review in every cotton-pickin' issue?4. CR says "no advertising" but in reality it spends space advertising its OWN products such as "Put CR in your Will" (a program where you leave your money to CR, obscene really) and the car-rating thing and the online service and then an annuity for seniors.5. Open up a CR, and it's a battle fighting the postcards hooked into the paper. Being a consumer mag, they should KNOW already that consumers hate that. It's just a tacky waste of paper and an annoyance to the reader.6. CR's lobbying wing is down on supplements and tries to get over-the-counter substances transformed into prescription-only affairs, or banned altogether. Such as the natural herbs, Kava, Ephedra, and the list goes on. All in the name of "safety".  The last straw was when I read that CR was trying to clamp down on sam-e, which I purchase and consume on a regular basis. The idea that my membership fees are going to be used to force me to get a doctor's prescription and pay 10x more for the same pills, makes me think that CR will not get a "5 star" rating here, but instead a "3 star" rating. CR should reconsider their notion that Government must prohibit/limit citizen's access to substances.
This used to be an excellent source of information on potential purchases . In the last 20 years , CR has increasingly filled it's pages with fluffy useless articles . Kind of like those snack sellers that fill the half empty package with air to fool the consumer . They are printing more and more articles that have no product testing .They also twist some reviews based on PC concerns , whether medical or environmental . For example , a few years ago I bought a barbecue grill because they recommended it highly . They noted that it allowed grilling without burning . Health police don't like charred meat . They did not mention , on the other hand , that the grill performed so badly that it is impossible to even darken the meat on it , let alone burn it .Also , their renewal notices are predatory . They constantly urge you to renew as though your subscription is running out , even though you might still have a year or more remaining . It is like the READERS DIGEST sweepstake scams , designed to trick older people out of their money . SHAME on you , CR , for doing what you criticize in others .
Have subscribed to CR for 30 years or so.  Won't subscribe any more. Magazine not too helpful because so many products -- especially electronics - come to market much more quickly and reviews become rapidly outdated. Also, reviews are not so great when CR rates certain products - products I'm more knowledgeable about, i.e., photography, bicycles, computers, etc.-- because they are too general. All too often, "advertisements"for product reviews are incomplete or not inclusive. Health insurance reviews are particularly disappointing because so many big insurance companies, especially BC/BS in the Midwest, aren't included.But the thing that makes me the angriest is that CR subscribers must pay additional money for updated reviews on the internet.
This is a great magazine, though I wish they would consider environmental impact when reviewing products. Note that if you need to change your address, it may take up to SIX MONTHS to go through the system. Apparently address changes are delivered by mule. Note that six months if probably half if not your entire subscription. Hence the two stars docked.
A friend of mine once remarked that CR seesm like a great magazine &quot;until they write about something you actually know a bit about...&quot; and that's the problem with CR. They're great when it comes to quantifiable things like repair frequency, reliability, warranty information and so forth. They're much less useful when it comes to reporting on subjective things, or on technical matters.That's a problem with trying to review every possible consumer item;  you can't be an expert on everything. Sure, CR has their own labs and testers, but they're as likely as not, when confronted with something they can't quantify, to come up with some arbitrary measure and then rate products on that. For example, I've read some hilarious HiFi reviews that never involved actually *listening* to units. Instead, they take some statistic they consider to be critical and rate all units on that. Computer reviews often are very superficial- you'd do far, far better with PC or a similar magazine. And some of their financial advice on life insurance, mortgages and investment has been rather narrow, preaching single solutions for all.So yeah, read CR when you're buying that next vacuum cleaner, or toaster, or popcorn popper, but before making any major purchasers or investments I'd look a bit further than the pages of CR.
Some product reviews (particularly food) in Consumer Reports are out of wack with reality; e.g., how many people purchase mayonaise based solely upon cost per ounce?  Taste and nutrition facts, I believe are more important - although they receive no consideration.
Consumer reports is a great magazine when you are looking to buy something, but their pricing policy is insane.  Online access is 30.00 per year and doesn't include digital access to the print edition! so if I want to read the monthly issues I have to pay another 24.00 a year to read on my iPad.  That makes zero sense.  Of course if you are a print subscriber you do get access to the iPad version for free but NOT if you are an online subscriber.  So go ahead and kill trees and then get free iPad access.I guess a lot of work still needs to be done in this digital wasteland of tablet magazines.
I have been a Consumer Reports (C.R.) subscriber for decades, but I don't feel their reviews are as thorough, or as varied, as they once were. For example, C.R. hasn't conducted a comprehensive review of automotive engine oils in over a  decade.In addition, be aware that today's C.R. injects a large amount of political bias into the magazine, and its bias is overtly liberal-progressive. To cite just one example, C.R. is a staunch supporter of  Obamacare.As a result of the above, I may cancel my subscription to C.R.
I subscribed to Consumer Reports after a long absence.  The articles and ratings are still helpful, but the magazine is no longer unique.  Issues can cover only so many products.  You can find ratings and reviews of just about any product on the Internet.  So, though the product is good, equal and often more needed and timely information is available elsewhere.
It's not the magazine I have a problem with; it's always been a great resource. But when I subscribed I thought I'd also have access to their Internet site and when I realized I didn't, I subscribed to the Internet site in lieu of the magazine. In less than an hour after paying for the magazine subscription I tried to cancel but Consumer Reports would not accept the cancellation. So now I'm into Consumer Reports for almost $60 for the year!! I cancelled another magazine subscription with no problem when I realized I would only get 4 issues a year.
Consumer Reports and its parent organization, Consumers Union, can seem a bit schizophrenic at times, which isn't surprising when you consider their mission. On the one hand, their role is to interpose some rationality between the urge to acquire and the products that are marketed to us with every possible appeal. They propose to do this by supplying quality information. On the other hand, they must be neutral, which means they can't editorialize about how stupid and irrational your motives may be, and they can't say anything negative about a consumer economy that is built on exploiting those motives. Thus, if a product makes a false health claim, they may go after it, but if you want to buy a carbon dioxide spewing SUV, then their fondest hope is to help you buy the best big, dumb SUV available. Fair enough: spare me that. I understand the rules of the game. But it does embody a contradiction: lies and tactics on one side of a certain line are ok; on the other, not.Here is one area where the conflicting goals go wrong: Consumer Reports engages in aggressive loudspeaker ads for its magazine in Kroger grocery stores. This is captive audience marketing: you can't turn off your ears. Like a patron of a movie theater, I didn't come here to get pitched. It's aggressive: they aren't asking me to consider the options, but yackking at me with the crazed enthusiasm characteristic of such ads. It's putting the brand on record as in favor of shopping disamenity and noise pollution to make a buck. In its 2005 Buying Guide, CR reviewed electronics and computer retailers and rated them, in part, on their checkout lines. This shows the beginning of an awareness that the hassle of purchasing an item can be one of its most important attributes; they need to go further in this direction. Think about those complex coupon rebate schemes: pay more or be hassled. You don't rate that in the lab, but in the store. But, if, for example, CR ever gets around to rating more shopping experiences, how will they be able to ask patrons how they feel about being subjected to loudspeaker ads or other such tactics?The hype and misinformation promulgated by the cacophony of marketing in the modern supermarket is examined in Marion Nestle's new book, What to Eat. The book addresses matters that Consumer Reports ought to pursue aggressively.
I've subscribed to consumer reports for a few years and overall I enjoy reading it.  The reviews and articles on TV's, dishwasher detergent, cameras, etc... are a good resource.  Of course it's good to also consult reviews on sites like Amazon and CNET to get other opinions on technology products.  The one thing I can't stand is the liberal slant that is obvious when writing on topics like health care and consumer safety.  They're always in favor of government solutions to everything, bigger government, more government involvement in our lives, government is great, businesses can't be trusted, businesses are out to screw you, etc...  There are times I want to scream because I feel like I'm reading the Democrat party talking points disguised as Consumer Reports magazine.  I'm sure every writer there is 100% liberal.
I received these as a gift from my mom.  I will say that I am heavy into alternative health.A lot of the information in these reports goes along with mainstream medical information.  If you alreadyreceive or read about it online, then this type of reporting probably is not necessary.The quality of the reports is about on par with local newsletters and magazines that I get for freeat the grocery store.After having read some of the contents of the reports - I will say that they tend to disagree withalternative medicine newsletters on certain issues and of course it appears that these newsletters are probablyeither in the pockets of big pharma or are just repeating common medical knowledge - which tends to be inthe pockets of big pharma.  So I'd say it is a hit and miss of good and possibly slanted information which is not necessarily good for you, at least in my opinion.Although I guess if you hate reading at a computer and your grocery store doesn't carry these types ofmagazines, and you are not into mainstream medical care, then maybe you might like these.  I still thinkthere are better options out there.  My mom apparently likes these.
I like the magazine so far, it is hard to do a review with something you have had for only 2 days.  It is informative with excellent photographs.  Articles are as I suspected when I subscribed.  Keep up the good work.
I used to love this magazine, but it seems like with each issue there are fewer and fewer pages, less actual content, and more ads. I just received the March 2014 issue and a big chunk of the magazine was taken up by a catalog insert for cheap-looking, plus-size polyester clothes! What does that have to do with country d&eacute;cor? It makes me sad, because this used to be an excellent magazine, and the actual pages of content (not many) are excellent, but it's just not worth the money anymore.
It was okay.  Not one of my go back to a hundred times magazine.  I much prefer Country Romantic Magazine.
i THOUGHT IT WAS AUTO BUT I HAD TO DO IT MANUALLY BUT IT DID WORK JUST FINE!  WILL DO AGAIN
Always loved this magazine but since Sarah Gray Miller took over as editor the quality has deteriorated.  Country Living has become very niche oriented - featuring the grungiest stuff you'd find in a rotting barn on the verge of collapse along with an unsettling fascination of all things taxidermied.  I'm only renewing my subscription after some reflection and the hope that the tide will turn and a new editor will bring this once enjoyable magazine back to its former glory.  Plus it was really cheap LOL.  Check it out at the newsstand before you subscribe.
It's well done, but not up to the level of content found in the original version of this magazine.  It's still worth reading, but I'd prefer more "how to" content and more emphasis on historical country living.
I love the magazine but I've been very disappointed in the service. The same week that I ordered this magazine through Amazon, I ordered Coastal Living from a little boy selling subscriptions door-to-door. This was the first week in December. Since then I've gotten two issues of Coastal Living, and not a single issue of Country Living. I called the magazine to inquire about my subscription, and they said I won't start receiving them until March. In this day in age, I find it a bit ridiculous that a magazine company can't process a subscription and start sending out issues for four months!Again, love the magazine ... disappointed in the service.
I liked this magazine well enough. Packed with tons of decorating tips,antiques,craft type articles...BUT like most magazines seem to do, it is loaded with advertisement. What there is of the true mag however is worth it.
I have subscribed to country living for many years.  It is beginning to be too modernistic to me..  I prefer antiques and clutter to stainless steel modern.  Just my taste.  I am finding the Hoffman publications more to my liking.
I've just terminated my subscription to Country Living because at least 60% of the content is about antiquing. Great if that's what you're interested in... but I'm not.
To much advertising.  Most of the pages are advertising for medical ads not one page but two complete pages.  I do not want to read that in a magazine.  Will not renew next year.
got my first issue of my new country living subscription pretty quickly. the magazine has gone to a new, bigger size, with glossy pages, which is fine--but there seems to be only about HALF the content of the old country living ( i had a subscription for probably 10 years in the 1990's ). maybe they have exhausted all their ideas, or are unable to find any new country homes to showcase, but it is certainly DISAPPOINTING
It's a magazine....it's ok....I bought it for reference because it was recommended to me by someone else.  Not my style though.
Halfway through my five dollar annual subscription (which I picked up here on a bargain day)  Country Living changed their design to a larger format. They seemed to be trying to vamp up their image and the process is not yet settled.I do love their innovative craft/decor ideas, but I think they could do with more details within their articles/image sections. It seems that they are more interested in promoting products than in actually taking the time to make sure they work well and are thought out.  All in all a good magazine, but its not going to replace my Domino mag obsession.  Come back!
I'm sure it will be a great magazine, I have not yet rec'd it.  Thank you
I liked the magazine, but too much advertising. I know its a must, but the mag has too much. I would recommend it though
I ordered this on 11/9/10 and still haven't received it on 12/11/10. I  used to get this magazine and loved it.I would give it 5 stars, but due to the fact it's been a month and I haven't received an issue I'll give it 3. Not sure why it takes so long to receive a magazine.C Traynor
This subscription was a gift for my Daughter-in-law and she said that she recieved the magazines and also an invitation for extending I do not like this for someones gift
Basically a bargain priced GQ. Alot of reviewers are right about how many ads are included, but the articles have been consistently good. I would say this magazine is geared toward the more &#34;everyday&#34; man, nothing high fashion and no ridiculous prices on items they mention. For the price it is a really good value, I just did not choose to renew because it was never a magazine I looked forward to reading.
Details is a mildly interesting magazine that is geared toward men of various ages and lifestyles. The main group that Details aims to capture is the 17 to 35 year- old male but there are articles in each magazine that could be appealing to men of many different ages, mostly in the middle to upper income groups.Some things about Details quickly set it apart from other magazines. One difference is the "departments". Most magazines have departments, but instead of talking about the same things each month, these departments vary in their content (the only exceptions being "Know- Tell" and the "The Details"). Each one contains similar stories from one month to the next, but with different subtitles, helping to make each issue a little fresher than it would otherwise be.As far as the writing goes, Details offers a great deal of diversity for a magazine. Yes, it is generally focused on things of interest to men, but it covers a very broad range of interests. You can find articles in this magazine on such diverse topics as the death penalty, raising kids, buying a new coat, setting up an internet business, breaking up with a girlfriend, or purchasing the best vodka. There are articles geared toward single men and married men, as well as younger men and middle- aged men.I like some of the articles found here but there is one problem I have with the writing in Details. It is common to find eye- catching headlines on the cover of Details that tempt you to find out more. This is nothing new and most every magazine does this. But the problem is that many of these eye- popping stories fail to keep you amazed when you read them. Take for example an article in a recent issue. On the front, it reads "Is Your Wife a Bad Mom"? It sound like an engaging, intellectual read. But once you find the article and take in its 1,000+ words, you quickly discover that there is little or no substance. Basically, it simply tells men that accusing your wife of being a bad mom is a risky undertaking that could hurt her feelings. That is it. There is no intellectual analysis or quotes from studies; only the bottom line conclusion that mothers generally don't like to be called incompetent by their husbands. Other headlining articles in this magazine lead to similar disappointment.The writing in this magazine is on the edge and very blunt. It is common to find several four- letter words in many of the articles and while this doesn't bother me at all, I know that some readers will consider it too raw, too edgy, and too explicit. Details writers have no problem telling it like it is, and this can be both good and bad depending on one's perspective.Besides the language, some parts of this magazine could offend certain readers; namely the "Anthropology" page at the end. This closing "article" is meant to be humorous, but some readers will not see it that way. I don't know if it has always been this way, but what "Anthropology" does is show a person or multiple people and then asks the question "Gay or ______". For example, I have seen titles like "Gay or Best Friends?", "Gay or Cowboy?", "Gay or Neo Punk Rocker?", and others. With each of these, there is a diagram of sorts with arrows pointing to different clothing and bodily features and short comments about each one. Basically, it is asking you to think about these different attributes of the person or people in the picture and then decide if the way they dress, look, and act makes them gay. I find this silly and immature, but I can see how some readers would find it insulting. I don't know if Details has always done this or if the Anthropology page has been different in the past. But this is how it has been in every issue I have read and it needs to be changed.Advertisements claim about sixty percent of the pages in each issue of this magazine. They cover products like liquor, cars, electronics, cigarettes, fragrance, etc. Even though this magazine covers lots of different things, the item most often featured in the advertisements is clothing. The magazine seems to have a penchant for high fashion and it devotes more pages to expensive clothing than anything else. And each issue often has its own unique smell, thanks to all of the cologne samples. You can flip through the pages and find several samples in each issue, with many of the latest and trendiest scents from the biggest names in cologne.Overall, I am torn between liking or not liking Details Magazine. I like some of the articles on food, drink, politics and the like. But I don't necessarily like the shallow fluff that is often substituted for an intellectual discussion and I can understand how some readers would find certain aspects of this magazine insulting. This magazine is deserving of only about two and one- half stars which I will round up to three stars and give a small recommendation. Some will like this magazine and some will not. It's all a matter of what you like to read about and whether or not you can handle a magazine that pushes the envelope.
If you like fashion, then this magazine is geared for you. Amongst all those pages little substance is put forth. Instead, advertisers are promoting their products on every other page.And you better have a large wallet......cause most of the items promoted, i.e. clothing, usually have a price tag hovering around 2 grand. (ensemble)
Not nearly as good as it was in the 90's. Arena, out of Britain, still has an edgy fashion vibe and lots of current music scene articles.
This magazine doesn't really have much to it. I'm glad I got the subscription for free!
Cologne samples and pages after pages of advertisements featuring waifish men with skinny legs and sunken chests. This is what's passing for a men's magazine these days? The covers are dead good but beyond that, see GQ or Esquire for a magazine with more substance than scent and show. My boyfriend was sorely disappointed in this one.
I just received this magazine through a special holiday promotion on Amazon. Although it took a little while to receive it, it was full of great fashion tips and trends. The interviews are also enjoyable. Good Mag.
I got this on Black Friday and I still keep getting renewal envelopes from Details. I still wonder if I was renewed at all. I guess I will find out.
I ordered my 12 issue subscription to Details on December 30th.  The first issue arrived at the end of January, as expected.  However, they sent me the December issue, with lots of advice about the Holidays.  Within the next two weeks, they sent me the January and February issues.  Basically, they used my subscription as a great excuse to get rid of back issues that they didn't sell on the newsstands.Don't get me wrong, the magazine itself is great.  I just didn't appreciate them pulling a fast one and making old issues (That I already had purchased on my own) count towards the 12 issues I paid for.
if you are a normal person than  like to ready but isnt a deep fan of science this magazine is for you, very simple reading, inside you will have all the headlines and trend news of the moment. the negative side is to much merchandizing  and advertisement , the news a very short with an over all feeling. Positive sides: price very accessible and on top of the biggest new in science out there.
I'm a business and computer guy but I enjoy staying educated and so I tried Discover, Popular Science, and Scientific America. Frankly, Discover doesn't educate much. The articles are shallow and don't provide me with much more than I get from other sources that I already read. However, it does cover a wide variety of topics, warranting a subscription. Of the three mentioned, Discover is the easiest to read.
The description on the page above says, "The first issue should arrive in 6-10 weeks" which suited my purpose perfectly since I ordered it well ahead of time as a birthday gift for my wife.However, the first issue came almost immediately for the month that was almost over, followed in short order by another for the upcoming month.  This allows Discover to send renewal notices sooner, I suppose (actually, I think they start putting renewal notices in from the first issue).  It also may work out great for those who are in a bigger hurry.
The rating is 3 stars only because of the lack of depth of coverage and simplicity of explanations.  This is science 'light'.  If you have a science or engineering background, Discover is for you only if you are  long removed or are seeking a 'TV version'.  For those currently in the science and technology game or conversant, 2-3 stars is correct.  If you have little familiarity with science or technology, this is a good publication to become informed:  4-5 stars.This is not a publication where one rating serves.  Please decide on the basis of your background.  Those seeking more depth should look to Scientific American or American Scientist.  For true technical articles Science or Nature are excellent publications with broad science coverage although typically lacking in 'technology' (as opposed to science).2012 Update:  Should have done this last year.  Took a subscription to New Scientist in late 2010.  New Scientist is absolutely the best magazine for describing the edge of scientific research.  Not for only the layman or only the scientist, it provides summary information that is scientifically accurate and readable.  Wish I'd been reading this all along, somehow missed it.
I subscribed this magazine as a gift to my kids.  They liked it a lot.  I renewed it after one year.  According to the instructions, they will adjust the subscription renewal so that we will not receive duplicates.  However, when I checked, the kids did receive duplicate issues.  I think the service needs to be improved.
Excellent magazine to update oneself on current scientific developments. Weird collection of ads though for a science oriented journal!
DISCOVER has positioned itself somewhere halfway between "Nature" and "People" magazines. There are still fine, lucid, informative articles, though not in every issue, but there are also ill-written inadequately fact-checked blurts. If your basic scientific fund of knowledge is broad enough, you'll have no trouble ignoring the latter. More annoying for me are the occasional feature articles that slither into science-fantasy, that suggest serious professional interest in flimsy fly-by-night notions.Nevertheless, I subscribe. I even pick it up at kiosks when I'm on the road and I miss an issue. It's not a big investment of reading time -- scarcely a flight from Minneapolis to Montreal worth -- and precisely because it's mere pop journalism, it's less infuriating than Scientific American.
I have read Discover in passing for years; now that my kids are older I thought it might be good for them.  When I saw the promo offer I got a one-year subscription.  I probably shouldn't have been, but I was shocked at how much popular pseudo-science and opinion are injected into otherwise sound articles.  They are clearly intended to persuade and that is not the role of science.  So, mostly what I have Discovered is another tool of the demagogues.  The best way to hide a lie is to surround it with truths.  There is so much of this in today's media that passes for science and journalism that few people even notice any more.Still, I have used the magazine to help my kids become more critical thinkers and seperate fact from opinion, so I guess it's not a complete loss.  Same old story, let the buyer beware.
At first glance, Discover is a great magazine.  Its articles are a quick read, relatively well written, and entertaining.  However, I found that I quickly outgrew it as I was exposed to more substantive non-journal magazines, such as Scientific American or Nature.  Its not that Discover is a bad magazine, its just not as in depth or broad in its coverage as others out there on the newstand.
I was one of the charter subscribers in the early 1980's, and have watched this magazine go through a number of incarnations.  All that other reviewers here say about the &quot;People&quot; approach, and the lack of pure science, is true...but it has always been true to a greater or lesser degree.  I find the insight into issues as well as science interesting and informative.  What has changed is the decidedly political tone the magazine has acquired in the last three years or so.  This is dangerous for this reason: by the nature of the editorial policy, there is rarely hard science to stand behind the 'commentary' inbedded in an article.  Highly contraversial issues, not infrequently, are presented as statements of fact.  The tilt is 'green' and is most visible on issues involving the environment.  Scientifically unproven but politically popular (with the readers, one presumes) sentiments and ideas are presented with token or no rebuttal and at times as unchallenged premises for some conclusion.  This is not bad or good, but it isn't science-based debate and discussion, either.  One begins to feel one is being 'educated' rather than 'challenged'.  Sum: This is a magazine that will present a theory clearly and in English and is enjoyable to read...I still subscribe and will continue to...but not one that will make much effort to dispute or refute a theory that is editorially favored and/or 'reader friendly'.
I do not understand why it takes a full two months from the time of subscribing until the first issue is delivered.  The magazine is wonderful, but the service could be improved.
This is a fun magazine.  The material presented is interesting (depending on one's taste), clear, and varied.  It is the science magazine I started reading as an elementary school student many years ago after being attracted by pretty pictures of dinosaurs.  I recommend this magazine for people who are not professional scientists but are interested in either learning or being exposed to science-related information.  This magazine is good, but not fantastic.  Maybe I am hard to please.
Middle of the road magazine. It does have some good articles but as stated the science behind most of the articles are slanted in one direction and even without a degree in science I see flaws in the reporting.
I like to do a lot of my own work around the house and almost always have a project of some kind in progress. Well this magazine does have some interesting tips and project ideas, most of it is kind of useless and some things are pretty poorly written.An example of a useless article is one that gave all these "helpful" tips for around the house. One was to put a lazy susan on your counter and put your olive oil and such on it. Kind of a stupid tip as a lazy susan would look pretty ugly on the counter and would be of dubious value as far as getting to bottles easily especially when you factor in all the wasted counter space compared to just putting the bottles themselves there. A couple pages later another tip, put a lazy susan in your refrigerator... seems like the same crappy tip only it wastes space in the fridge where it's even more precious. This magazine is filled with a lot of things like that and is really geared towards the much older crowd.As I said some of the project ideas aren't bad and some of the product reviews seem somewhat helpful, but I even have a little trouble trusting their expertise in the reviews based on some of the other clueless things that they say.One other thing that kind of bothered me is that they sent me an issue that was supposedly a special extra large issue with a note that it counted as 2 issues from my subscription because it was so  much extra content. This was kind of annoying as I paid for a certain number of issues and they take it on themselves to reduce that amount based on this "special" issue that was actually only 20 pages longer then the issue before it. There was something in there saying I could contact them if I didn't agree with it and presumably be credited another issue, but I don't really have the time to waste dealing with a trivial thing like that. I know the subscription isn't super expensive or anything but I don't like being ripped off like that even if it is only a small amount of money.I won't be re-subscribing
Sent to son and husband--seem to enjoy not sure of utility but think its useful for ideas around the house
The price for renewing this magazine is the best around, however , instead of renewing it was added as a new subscription. Communication with reader's digest was just as confusing. They claim it was a renewal, but nothing on amazon website indicates that.
I was a subscriber to Canadian Home Workshop Magazine.  Unbeknownst to me they were going out of business.  In doing so they had made some kind of deal with The Family Handyman Magazine.  Before I received a joint letter from both publications notifying me of this event I picked up my mail and there was a renewal notice from The Family Handyman magazine.  I found this very interesting since I had never even HEARD of The Family Handyman magazine!  I thought, "if they're sending out bogus "renewal" notices you can bet they're on their last legs. Best to save your money by not giving it to them!", which is what I had commented here previously.  Since then I have received a few of The Family Handyman magazines.  I am not that impressed.  Their articles are pretty basic and the advertising content is excessive.  I guess if you're a novice handyman it could have some benefit.
At first I was impressed with the articles and designs in this magazine.  Near the final 6 months of my subscription (end of 2013), I noticed that most of the &#34;field editor articles&#34; were very specialized and oddly specific sales pitches.  Really soured my opinion from then on.
The subscription policy has recently changed.I asked about this by email and the response was"We now publish 11 issues each year that includes a special issue, which counts as 2 issues in your subscription."I wasn't sure I totally understood that, so I called customer service and asked:"How many months are in a 1-year subscription".  The answer was "Eleven Months".
Lot of ads, not a lot of content.  And some of the content was pretty basic that most (older) people would likely already know.  Although for a young adult, might be something of interest.
I'm not qualified to give a review on this because I gave it as a gift & have not read it myself.
I like the magazine and have read it for several years.  Get a lot of good ideas but it often leads me to the big box home improvement stores where I spend money I don't have.
This magazine covers projects that I can handle.  In fact my son asked for a subscription when he was looking thru one of the magazines.  So, instant present idea.  I wish it had a little more info on the website, but the mag. is great.
Proof of Heaven was a disappointment.  It was a lot of neurological detail that is not an easy read for a lay person.
I think its a good magazine except there are too many ads in it. Lots of good projects in it though.
The Family Handyman is fun to read but in order to do the projects you need to be more than just handy and have your own toolshop and about a thousand dollars of tools.
the issue that prompted me to buy the subscription was full of useful hints and tips as well as well written articles and illustrations.. My big question is why does it take so dang long to receive your first issue  6-8 week with mag subscriptions. Everything else you order from the net arrives wthin,at the most, a week.  What up wid daT?
As I previous subscriber I was thrilled to find this mag again with a great price. But much to my dismay when it arrived it looked more like advertising instead of real articles. The photos with all the glitz and fancy typography don't look and feel right. I miss the old magazine. Also some of the content (size) seems to be lacking.
The magazine has very little content in my opinion. In the end, its ok. I don't recommend it, but that's just me.
I have been a subscriber for a little over 3 years and next time it is up I will pass on the renewal.In the beginning I anticipated the arrival of each magazine and once I received it I read through it in a day. Like most reviewers, I found about 2-3 tips from each magazine. Also like some reviewers stated, it seems the magazine has way to many adds.I must admit my skill set has increased immensely during the past 3 years due to my job and maybe I have out grown the magazine's beginner level approach and now look for more in depth writing.My 3-star rating is not a slam but more of a way for me to describe the magazine now as average, where in the beginning it was a solid 4, but never a 5.It probably is one of the better all around magazines out there for its class, but some of the easy level how to stuff, and massive amounts of adds leave only a few pages an issue that garner my attention, which only amount to about 15 minutes total of reading that issue and off to someone else I pass it along. I can not remember the last issue that I opened it  up again after the first reading.If you are interested in fixing your own stuff and are not so tool savvy this magazine is for you. If you know your way around the shop, then it will merely be a refresher course every issue with most projects not particularly engaging looking.Between the numerous adds, the "model" looking laborers, and the "set style" projects it reads almost like you are viewing a glazed over Hollywood like production with commercials every 2 minutes.Its worth reading if your other better magazines are not there yet.
I like the information brought forth in this magazine. Some things were relevant, some not (25 steps to cleaning my car is not very relevant). The only gripe I had with this mag is the effluous flow of Viagara and "Better Sex" video ads sprawled throughout the magazine-- I counted SEVEN such ads in one issue! My kids love to read "This Old House" and "Old House Journal," but "Family Handyman" was off limits. Too bad. To the magazine writers: Not EVERY handyman-type magazine reader is a man, and not EVERY magazine reader needs to be bombarded with the same crap that floods my email inbox.
There is a lot of good tips for someone working on there home in this regular subscription. The downside is, the combination of so many ads and so many stories that seem to be based around buying more of their supporter&#8217;s products. This makes it more of a catalog than a helpful reference. Some stories touted on the cover are only three pages long and most of that is photos, beautiful photos but not helpful.
one thing about Handyman, if you have taken it for more than a year you see a lot of repeats.  differant artical and slightly differant plans, but in general it is all the same
I get excited when the new Handyman magazine arrives although the issues keep getting thinner and thinner.  One thing I didn't like it constantly receiving renewal bills which started coming after I received my second issue.
Used to subscribe to this magazine several years ago and thought i would try it again. The format has changed some and in my oppinion not for the good. Magazine is good for Amazon's price of $10 or less a year. Definately not worth Family Handy man's price of $20 a year.
Tool porn, but with some useful articles. I like the practical suggestions submitted by readers and the occasional focused article on DIY tasks.
Would not pay more than the $6 I subscribed for. Not very many projects listed.  The tips are wonderful.  Cable management guide was great.  Also the household items for easy tricks is great
Some good articles and ideas. A little over my head but I will confess I have no skill in wood working. Not that many issues per year but it does give some good ideas for the price.
they have great tips on how to tie knots for fishing.  what kind of guns are available and reviews on them
I don't know why I repurchased this subscription; probably just b/c of the price, and to have something to flip through. But like most magazines, once you've subscribed for one year, you've basically seen everything they have to offer. I like looking at the pictures, but it's lacking in quality articles. I wish there were more topical articles on things like: gun rights (both sides of the argument), land conservation, the history of hunting, future of hunting, trip ideas, etc. Gear reviews are nice, but so often they cover gear that is too expensive for the average person reading this periodical.If you want a monthly magazine to flip through, and like things related to hunting/guns etc, then it's worth the $10-12 they charge. but don't have super high expectations. It's not the magazine it used to be.
A gift to my son, this one he wanted, I selected a few more for him, which he enjoyed greatly
I'm not qualified to give a review on this because I gave it as a gift & have never read it myself. However, I can say that my husband & brother love the magazine.
Beware, these people get a hold of your personal information, and sell it to whomever, I have started getting "junk"phone calls and I didn't sign up for that, nor do I appreciate it!The magazine isn't worth this...April 15, 2013Well, Its been 12 days since I ordered this magazine, and in the last 10 days I have received 115 spam emails, but the phone has stopped ringing! I have received a single issue thus far, but still not worth the cost!
Seems to be really slanted to bow and fishing and less to shooting. I need to add 3 more words. Crap, now I am over.
I got this magazine because I'm an avid fisherman. I've been pretty disappointed over the last year with the unbalanced hunting to fishing ration.I doubt I will renew this subscription.
About the same as Outdoor Life.  An old reading tradition that would be better served if they went back to writing more about hunting, fishing, and outdoor experiences that are common user oriented.
I AM IRRITATED THAT IT WAS ORDERED IN AUGUST...AND TODAY IT CAME AUGUST AND SEPT ISSUES AND THE MAGAZINE HAS A EXPIRATION DATE OF JULY 2012.WHATS WRONG WITH THAT PICTURE? THEY SENT OLD MAGAZINES AND ARE TAKING AWAY 2 MOS OF CURRENT EVENTS IN ONE SWOOP.I EXPECT A EXPIRE DATE TO BE NO SOONER THEN SEPTEMBER 2012. AND I EXPECT CREDIT FOR OLD MAGAZINES!!! PLEASE PASS THIS ON!!
We ordered it for our son and haven't received the first copy yet but we should see it in the next few weeks.  It was easy without complications.
I ordered this magazine thru you on 12/2/09 with a credit card-Visa, which cleared on 12/9/09.I have now recieved 3 unpaid notices from Field and Stream saying that the account is unpaid. They now are stopping the gift issues for being unpaid.!!I have sent them-TWICE copies of the e-mail I recieved from you stating that the subscription was confirmed and paid.  I have also sent them copies of  my credit card statment showing the payment to you for their magazine--TWICE.I e-mailed them today hoping to get this strightened out. Can you help??
it's  a cheap magazine  ... and my dad likes to fish but it has way way way too many ads
I am not planning on renewing my subscription because many of the articles are blatantly biased with a conservative leaning. It's an interesting magazine with pertinent articles, but it annoys me that a magazine with such a big name can be so obviously biased. Publications should not lean toward what it thinks the readership wants or even toward what the Editor-In-Chief believes.
I learn quite a bit about what is going on in the business world from this magazine. It has stories about companies and business leaders from every industry imaginable, as well as plenty of information and advice about personal investing.I do wish they devoted a bit less space to conservative editorial content. I understand it's important to keep up to date on the workings of government, and how they will affect the world, but the very one-sided editorial pages tend to detract from the fairly balanced stories in the rest of the magazine.
It took too long to start the subscription, at least several months.
you're a business magazine, not a right wing political magazine.  Steve Forbes' greatest problem is that he's NOT HIS FATHER.
The articles, however, are usually not as detailed as some in Business Week and the Wall Street Journal, and the columnists are so blatantly biased (conservative) that they are not worth reading.
Forbes is a conservative business publication that delivers excellent reporting and feature articles. The content is concise, blunt, and to the point because Forbes recognizes the importance of time and clarity. The magazine is especially strong in providing advice to individuals, and businesses about upcoming changes in the tax code, and legislation that would impact the bottom line. However, I have found that the editorial content has become a venue for editors to make personal attacks towards Obama and the democratic party.Pros:As a business magazine, Forbes does an excellent job at delivering succinct articles about business, economics, and stocks. In each issue, the magazine devotes a large section towards dispensing advice about money and investing. There is a depth and detail that can only be found in this magazine. Forbes assumes its readers are astute and smart, and is unwilling to dumb down its content to boost circulation numbers. In a recent article, Forbes provided detailed advice about retirement accounts, and their tax implications.Cons:Forbes can improve its publication by editorializing less and focus more on business issues, and less bashing upon liberal politics. For example, Forbes can take the lead and recommend to businesses ways to reduce health care costs by writing about Safeway, which has been able to tame healthcare inflation. If the magazine authors wants to express their political beliefs, then they are working for the wrong magazine.
I like the news, but the editorials are so right-wing conservative that even WSJ editorials do not come close to it. Especially the ones by Editor-in-Chief Mr Forbes. By contrast, Fortune seems much more balanced, and more focused on business, instead of politics.If you are a right-wing extremist, this magazine is yours!
I'm into decorating and I thought it wld hve more tips or inspiration pics and it barely did. It's more for older ladies in my opinion.. I did like the advice column (Ask Heloise) and I liked the recipes.. I did cut out a few but it wasnt for me.. not what I really wanted from the mag.
I got tired of reading this magazine.  There was no substance in the stories. Not for me at this time. Later on maybe.
This magazine is one of the cases where you "get what you pay for".  The inexpensive subscription appears to be supplemented by the multitudes of ads that grace the covers of the magazines.  That being said, I have renewed this magazine for another year.  In each issue, despite the desperate pleas by various companies for me to spend my hard earned cash on frivolity, there are a few outstanding and helpful articles and vignettes that make this magazine worth while (for the money).  There are cute ideas for painting kids rooms, or for organizing the house. Also, the product reviews are reasonable (we also get consumer reports . . . and there really isn't a comparison).  In the end, $8.00 for a 12 issues seems right on the money.  Any more then that and I wouldn't buy it!
I am pretty addicted to girly magazines and while this one has some neat content and good variety, there is a lot of filler and the articles seem pretty short.
Much as I thought I would enjoy this magazine, there are just too many adverts for junk, I can hardly get myself to open it, and a few have gone straight into the trash!
Good Housekeeping is no longer the magazine to buy.  It has too much junk in it and after the subscription expires, it won't be renewed.
The best part are the product reviews that they do, everything else is your normal home magazine information. For Consumer products testing, I'd rather go with Consumer Reports. A good magazine overall, but I can only give it 3 stars since most of its content did not appeal to me.
Ladies Home Journal Cannot give a review until subscription starts.  Contact me in 6 weeks or more.
I ordered this magazine in December, and in January, within 4 days I received theDecember, January and February issues.  I'm happy with the content, but reading allthe Christmas baking and craft ideas in January was useless, and overwhelming to have3 issues at once was a waste.
When I received the Good Housekeeping magazine in the mail, I noticed that the cover looked rather bland.  It certainly was not like what you would see on the covers on the magazine stands. When I visited my local store, I looked over the copy of the Good Housekeeping magazine they were selling.  It contained more information on the cover, about the stories contained inside, in addition to the collectible poster that was located inside. Upon checking on the inside of the magazine, there indeed was more in the newstand magazine.  I find it hard to believe that a publisher actually penalizes a consumer for being a loyal customer and purchasing a subscription to their magazine.  Is it because the subscriptions cost less than the newstand price?  What a shame.  This is one person that will not subscribe again.
I actually received my first two issues of Good Housekeeping the same day. I have been a subscriber off and on over the years and true to form the magazine has not changed much. It has a nice mix of easy to read articles, interesting bits of information, some celeb stuff and a mix of recipes. It is a easy read for a busy homemaker.
I guess I thought this magazine would still be like it was when I was growing up, and I don't think that it is.  It just to me was more advertisements and articles, nothing about decorating, things on a budget, or of interest to me.  I did get the magazine in about two weeks after ordering, so I was happy about that.
I was a little dissappointed in the lack of meaningful content in this magazine.  Remembering how it was in the past, it seemed to me that there were way to many ads.
It has nice content but out of 230 pages, 113 were ads. That's not even counting the smaller ones. I won't be renewing.
I think this is a great magazine, at least from the one issue I read. However, its just not for me. I wasn't interested in many of the articles. There is a great variety of topics and interests covered, including ways to save money, de-clutter your home, several recipes, and beauty product reviews. The ads were minimal, and I did notice a few coupons throughout. I'd say that if all of the regularly featured topics are interests of yours, this mag won't disappoint. Smart, up to date, fun and refreshing.
I have not received this yet, it is due to be sent after the holidays.For the basic price it is a steal..
My parents have this magazine and I usually look through it when I see it.Really, this magazine is FILLED with advertisements. I would say more than 50% of each issue are only advertisements. It's ridiculous. You're basically paying for pages that you don't need.The articles on the otherhand, are excellent. They provide plenty of information especially on new products.
Not everyone is an environmentalist wacko. I do not obsess about "going green" or worry about "saving the planet", as if it were in my power to do so. The Bible warns about those who "changed the truth of God into a lie and worshiped and served the creature more than the Creator" Romans 1:25.There are also too many ads.
When I read a magazine I do not want to "go-online" for more information. I could just go online to begin with and skip the bill. Probably will not renew this mag. Seems like there are more ads and less info-unless I want to "go online".
I bought this as a Christmas present for my shut-in mother-in-law so she would have something more interesting than junk in her mailbox. I accidentally left my default shipping address instead of hers, though. I tried immediately to change it but three months and several emails later, Hearst Publishing are still sending it to me. They haven't even acknowledged the problem- I just get an automated reply. However, it's a good magazine!
Not the magazine that I used to read but think none are now.  Will only buy it now if I find a good discount.
This is ok as far as women's magazines go today, but not nearly as &#34;beefy&#34; and full of content as it was years ago.That being said, it still has more content than many magazines, many of which have virtually nothing left in them.I just wish they would bring back more of the regular features, like Joyce Brothers...surely they can find a new person to write advice?
My grandmother and mother both subscribed to this magazine and I grew up reading it.  Over the last 10+ years this has morphed from being a unique THICK magazine that you could read over several days to one that can be flipped through in a short time, then recycled.  It now contains largely the same type of information, articles and stories as numerous other magazines out there.  My sister dropped this a number of years ago and I contemplate it every time my subscription comes up.  It has gone from being a magazine I looked forward to receiving to one where I look at it when I get around to it.
I guess I would have to say that a magazine is a magazine; but, it is the service that might be different from organization to organization that sells them.  I haven't received this magazine yet; so, I can't really comment.
I get impatient reading about subjects that I already know.  It must be written/edited by and for the generation that cannot cook and hires their housekeeping done.  What really gripes me, however, a new subscriber gets last month's issue, this month's issue, and finally the current issue just days apart.  Now 12 issues are already down to 9.  Not just Hearst periodicals--almost all of them do this.  I COULD HAVE GONE TO THE LIBRARY.
No feedback from the female recipient. But like most magazine subscriptions, the vendors are still hounding me several years later to renew.
I'm not sure that this magazine is what I remembered.  It seems more family oriented and even my granchildren are grown now.
Every Good Housekeeping magazine looks the same. As usual, there's tons of ads. Decent magazine. I haven't really gotten much out of it though. It was a great price at Amazon.... I think I got it for like $6 or something like that. Not bad.
Nice pointers, and I do buy goods that carry their seal of approval.  Not the most exciting magazine on the market, but it's alright.
I have been subscribing to Good Housekeeping for years, and I enjoy the magazine.  My rating reflects the renewal process rather than the magazine.  I had gotten a renewal reminder from Amazon that my subscription was nearing expiration.  I renewed, making sure to list the name and address exactly as it is on my current label.  Yet instead of renewing my current magazine, instead, I have been receiving two copies of the magazine, and the renewal for the 2 year subscription is two years from when I purchased the renewal, not two years from when my current subscription expires.  I sent an e-mail about this, but nothing happened.
It has been a while since I read Good Housekeeping, and apparently it has been too long.  I'm not sure how I feel about the tips from the 50, 60 and 70's in the magazine.  It is interesting historically, but is it really relevant for today?
This magazines has decreased in pages and lacks good advice, stories, and overall appeal. For the $5.00 paid, I guess it's ok. I would recommend buying another women's magazine.
I ordered this because it is one of the two large print magazines I could find for my Grandmother.  She says she likes the content of the Readers Digest a bit better as it is more varied but does enjoy Guideposts.  My complaint is that when I renew the magazine it immediately reverts to &#34;regular&#34; print which she cannot read.  I am not always aware this has happened so she is stuck with materials that she cannot use.
I gave this 3 stars, not for content but for delivery.  I was renewing a subscription for my mother's large-print edition of Guideposts.  Instead of the large-print, she received the standard edition.  She wasn't happy with it.  I had understood when reading the Amazon Magazine Subscription service that the same edition as currently receiving.  I couldn't get any answer or response to e-mails, so I cancelled the subscription.  Amazingly, the cancellation was responded to almost immediately and remainder of subscription price was refunded to my account.
I chose three stars because of how Guideposts treats you after they have your information.  I ordered this subscription for my grandfather, and they delivered everything as promised.  He enjoys the magazine.  However, once they had his information they started sending him &#34;free&#34; books that he didn't ask for, and then trying to send him a bill for them.  After asking them to stop, they continued to send more &#34;free&#34; books for several more months before finally stopping.  I do not like Guideposts as a company.
If you need motivational stories, this ia a great magazine, but read it at your local library. Otherwise, you will receive a lot of junk mail, too. From renewal letters starting 6-8 months before expiration to charities asking for your donation. There is no month without some unsolicited letter from GP.The magazine itself is more like 4-5 stars, but the junk mail is so annoying that I deducted 1 star and decided not to renew my subscription. I won't even tell them my new address when I move. Better lose 3 numbers than be "subscribed" to unsolicited offers in my new place.
Guideposts puts out great devotional books and materials, however, the monthly magazine is a disappointment.  It is filled with too many fall out cards and advertisements.  Some of the articles are useful and timely.
They used to have comprehensive gear comparisons but I guess they've all succumbed fearing that they'll lose ad $ if they give something an honest but bad review. So you can pick any of the 3 main guitar mags and it's mostly putting different lipstick on the same pig. What I miss most is the shootout gear reviews which would give you a consumer reports/pcworld style rating on amps and guitars and effects so the reader could see features each had side by side. Now all three major mags seem to be pedaling to consumers instead of musicians. I have yet to see any comparison reviews of pod, vox, digitech, behringer modelers. Boutique amps guitars effects versus stock production and what sounds good, is affordable and easy(or not)to get serviced. GP's best of the 3.
This is a good magazine not the best. I like transcriptions but doesnt have them. The gear reviews are good it helped me buy an effect station. Overall I give it a three.P.S. I think Brandon was talking about guitar one. I know that has a riff box.
I'm not sure that this is a very good magazine for me... Time will tell, but so far, I wish I subscribed to a different mag.
When GP started publication there wasn't anything else to compete with it. Now the aspiring youg guitarist has his or her pick of guitar mags, full of tab transcriptions of the latest hits and fawning interviews with pretentious guitar heros.GP has tried to stand out form these magazine by being more about music and equipment, and to have a broader view of guitar playing, and to an extent is has succeeded. You're far more likely to find a profile of an intersting Flamenco or Brazilian guitarist in GP than in one of the other mags, and while you won't find fully tabbed out songs, GP is far more likely to deliver an article that goes into some depth on theory and application. In that sense, GP is more for musicians, and the other guitar magazines are mostly for teens looking to cover their favorite bands.GP isn't always great. Some issues are completely devoid of anything that interests me, and there's far too much punk and shred guitar for my tastes. But a subscription is ridiculously cheap; I don't mind if I only find something of use in as few as half the issues I receive.
that being said, it has far too many advertisements &amp; gear reviews as others have noted. i am a bit skeptical about the gear reviews as well since the mag seems a bit cozy with the manufacturers.usually i can find some interesting info buried amongst the ads; although, it seems like the mag use to have more content in the past. enough there for me to dish out the 20$ for a subscription, but if there was something better than i would opt for it instead.
I have decided not to renew my subscription. Is it me or is it not as good as it used to be...........
Some of the clothes were quite interesting but far too costly for the average American woman to consider.
This review is from December 2012-- I updated my review from December 2009.I've subscribed to Harper's Bazaar for about 6 years now.It's just getting boring to me.I want MORE pictures of runway fashion, runway trends and up-and-coming new designers.There is a little of that, but less than in previous years.Right now my favorite fashion magazines are PeopleStyleWatch and also InStyle.  Those magazines show more street style from celebrities and also complete outfits.I look to Harper's Bazaar and Vogue for the high-end styles, but neither magazine really delivers what I want.I don't read the articles in Harper's Bazaar, but they look pretty lame.  Stuff about cleanses and detoxes.... a lot of gossip type "science"... what exactly is a toxin?  No substance.Recommendations for age-defying surgical treatments and enhancements (would probably not appeal to people in their 20s).Recommendations for "whitening toothpastes" which have silica (sand!) which can damage tooth enamel.  So I don't really trust their articles.They have a lot of full page spreads based on color.Like-- a full page of emerald green shoes, handbags, jewelry, etc.A full page of black and white shoes, handbags, jewelry, etc.That's okay, but it's getting boring.There is also a lot of animal abuse clothing like leather, fur, etc..... which is backwards.  Not really Harper's Bazaar's fault because that's the fashion industry, but it's still another turn-off.
Since I was offered a year subscription for only $4 I decided why not?  I am a subscriber to a few fashion magazines and I think this one is pretty good.  Many articles about fashion, beauty, celebs, but also non-fashion topics as well. The clothing is on the high-end side, but it gives you inspiration to create more wallet-friendly versions.
I got the magazine pretty quickly, so that was good.  There really aren't many substantive articles...it seems to be more about pictures.  I guess it focuses on "high" fashion...it's mostly odd stuff that I would never wear.  When I get dressed in the morning, I want to look pretty....most of the people in this magazine don't really look very attractive.  Anyway, if you like high fashion, you might like this.  I got the year's subscription for $5 and I occasionally find pictures that are interesting, so I'm not displeased with my purchase.  But if it was full priced, it would not be worth it for me.
This magazine was way too much high fashion and not enough articles that can be utilized by regular people that have regular wallets. Pretty dissappointed....but cheap so it's okay would not buy again
I don't think I realized what type of magazine it is, it contains mostly advertisements and pictures.  No good story line anywhere in the book.  I will continue to get it this year but will not review.
I used to like your articles. Now seems too much hi priced fashion, too little reality, in this needy world.
In the decade since Liz Tilberis reinvented Bazaar, the magazine has had its share of ups and downs. The tragic loss of Ms. Tilberis was a crushing blow the fashion tome, and it never quite recovered to its former glory. Under the helm of Kate Betts, the magazine ventured into realms that Vogue was already covering, and while I didn't think it was as much of a Vogue doppelganger as many did, the sales figures spoke for themselves.So in comes Glenda Bailey, the woman who brought Marie Claire to the U.S., and the woman slated to bring Bazaar to the top of the fashion heap. So far, what she has done is turn Bazaar into sort of an upscale version of Marie Claire. Obviously she's courting the mainstream. She loves a color theme, she loves an accessory  feature. Apparently she hates articles, because they are much fewer and further between. I have to admit that I have enjoyed a few articles in recent issues, and each issue has shown some improvement over the last. Her first official issue was a bit &quot;gimmicky&quot; (the front and back covers with Giselle), and her ideas weren't exactly NEW, but I guess only time will tell. She did manage to sign Stephen Gan as creative director, so some bright new days could be just around the corner.Will Glenda Bailey be the woman to revitalize Bazaar? I think the jury's still out on that issue. I've got my subscription paid up until late 2005.....maybe the picture will be clearer by then.
I'll let you know, but I think it'll take another week or 2 until I receive it-- subscriptions take at least 6 weeks to begin
I purchased this magazine subscription through Amazon because Amazon sent me a $5 off coupon code on my next order.  I placed the order and used my coupon.  A week after Amazon emailed me and said that the coupon was not valid and would not be taken off my order.
I am glad to start the subscription but slightly disappointed in the articles and fashion in the magazine. I am into fashion but not hardcore, so I like my magazines to have interesting articles as well. The fashion in the issue I have did not match up with my style. I am hoping that future issues will better suit me.
On January 19th, I ordered this subscription as a gift for my niece. It is exactly a month later, and she has received no notification that she is going to receive the magazine. I was aware that the magazine would not arrive for several weeks, but in years past, notification has been sent out by magazines to inform recipients of the upcoming subscription. I give Harper's the benefit of the doubt when I give 3 stars... since I have yet to see any sign of a subscription.
The topics are usually interesting and the articles are often though provoking. Unfortuantely, the quality of the writing is erratic. While one article might be excellent, another will sort of fade out half way through. Someone needs to seriously tighten down on the editing.
OK, this is major league journalism and if you want a leftist progressive perspective it's about as good as it gets. But what turns me off--even though I still reluctantly read it--is the level of cynicism that typically pervades its pages. It ought to be called "Sardonica." No matter what, they will criticize, they will find fault, they will give reason for despair. Sometimes the editors rise out of it, as when they did an article on how capitalism might be saved in which they included the brilliant thoughts of a number of well-spoken visionaries. But in general the cynicism drags it down. There's also a kind of stylish decadence about it, an undercurrent of futility. I mean, when GWB was elected, all the conservative publications were like "Here's our chance. Let's make the most of it." Obama's hasn't even served a year yet and Harper's has already run a feature article about how he is going to fail. With friends like that, who needs....Harper's!
Harper's seems to go back and forth between featuring articles with fairly decent critical thought, and shock-value wackiness (their famous Index is a great example). I subscribed to this for two years, let it lapse, and think about resubscribing occasionally. Works as a fun suppliment to other magazines (Atlantic, New Yorker).
I'm "[l]iterary, brainy, and left-leaning," and I'm sure I'll really enjoy my issues once _Harper's_ stops sending me the old issues from its warehouse. But it frustrates me no end to find yet another outdated issue in my mailbox and to have Harper's ignore my requests to update my subscription.I subscribed on November 22. My first issue arrived, as Amazon told me it would, a few weeks later. That first issue was the November 2005 issue--the one I'd bought at my local bookstore when it came out two months earlier. There were advertisements in that issue for Christmas television programs, and the deadline for submitting the puzzle was early December. So it was clearly an outdated issue. And I went to the subscriber services page on the magazine's website to get the dates of my subscription updated to reflect my unwillingness to accept old issues as part of my subscription. (The date of expiration on my mailing label, by the way, is November 2006--so this is no simple mail room error.)No response from _Harper's_.Three days ago, I found the February 2006 issue waiting for me. Great. The day after that, the January 2006 issue arrived.Look, I like _Harper's_. I really do. But I don't like receiving leftovers, and I don't like being ignored when I try to get treated like I have half a brain.
I have been reading the New Yorker for most of my life. More recently I have started reading Harper's. Every magazine has a temperament. I have come to like Harper's quite a bit and look forward to having it show up.
Don't be put off by HOME BUSINESS magazine's crammed look and its heavy advertisement content.'Fact is, you get what you pay for. These features are what make this small-article publication cheap and easy to come by.The magazine majors on the kind of one-off submissions that get sent in by aspiring writers and home entrepeneurs eager to cash in on their experience.But that's not a bad thing.  Many of us trying to accomplish entrepeneurial stuff in the same space we live in do well to harvest the occasional gems. It's not WAR AND PEACE, but it doesn't claim to be.I like it.
Yes, it has some informative articles but just cant seem to "grab my attention" to keep viewing. Will not be re-ordering.
The pictures are nice, but nothing in it is really affordable for the average person so basically it sits on our coffee table to people to look through.
This magazine is a good source of inspiration ... however, unless you are a professional interior designer, there is a strong likelihood that you will find this magazine intimidating, as I do ... still, the photos are wonderful.
I ordered this magazine for my wife because she buys similar magazines at the grocery store and they cost a lot more than the fantastic subscription prices available on Amazon. I also bought her 'Better Homes and Gardens'.  She really likes Better Homes and Gardens.  She has stated the House Beautiful has too many advertisements and not enough substance............but she apparently likes the look of the covers since she leaves a few of them on the coffee table just for 'looks'.Anyway, I told her the subscriptions to both magazines were for her birthday. She was happy. The price through Amazon saves a lot of money over her buying them at the grocery store each month.  It is a win-win for me!
I already know I love the magazine, but I don't understand why it takes 3 months to get the first issue!  I ordered it on September 20th and Amazon is telling me I won't get it until December 8th.  Wha...?
These magazines are packed with lots of ideas for decorating a room, a house, a yard,  but half of the magazine has too many advertisements.
I gave it 3 starts because this magazine gives you very good VISUAL ideas on how to decorate your house or add a nice touch to a space or item. It is not an in-depth approach but it will do the trick. Not as interesting as I would like, that is why I canceled after a few copies; but hey, everybody is different, maybe you'll like it. I would neither recommend it or not recommend it. This one is a toss up.
I ordered this magazine on 11/30 -- it is now 2/1 and it still has not arrived.  Can't really rate the magazine since I haven't gotten it yet.
I recently ordered several magazines when Amazon had the five dollar per year promotion going. I had enjoyed this magazine in the past as a once in a while pick at the bookstore. I've just received my first issue and found that it seems very "light" on decorator content. Personally I agree with some of the less flattering reviews of this magazine that the articles can get lost with the ads.It almost seems as if they used a very budget template to create the article layout. Also the feel of what they are covering seems so spare that even catalogs seem more "homey" than the homes they featured. Struck me as odd that *all* the homes they featured seemed like the set designer was only about 60% done with dressing the shoot. Looked like someone was just moving in and had not finished adding those touches that make it special. Just my opinion....For five dollars I won't complain too hard but if the first issue is any indication of what to expect I probably would not renew this one. In fairness it has only been one issue though and over the course of the year if things change, I'll revise this review accordingly.
Just not the best photos.  I love houzz.com, or the tablet app instead.  With that, magazines like this are obsolete.  Their aesthetic is also not my preference.  Too country, European, or unpleasant designery, rather an modern, comfortable, helpful, and classy.
I was hoping to find more ideas to use in my own home and suggestions for where to find inexpensive items.
Perhaps I was expecting something else. I had never picked up a copy before ordering this subscription and had no idea what it would be like. It is mostly decorating and paint color trends. but I was not impressed
I just got my first issue. There is great beauty in the designs however there are a lot of advertisements. I do have great hope for this magazine and hope it comes true! I can't wait for more to come.
i ordered this for a $5 amazon special for inspiration and tips.  it's full of adds and uninteresting articles. it has some nice images. I wouldn't pay more than $5/year and i don't plan on renewing.  it is, however, awesome that amazon runs specials for $5 magazines. it was worth the five bucks to give it a try.
I just received my first two issues yesterday. This magazine is page after page of advertisements. The thing that really bugs me about that is - companys run the same advertisements in the same magazines again and again so two issues are virtually the magazine since there are very few articles.For some reason even the articles in this magazine get lost because they have the same look as their ads. One article was suppose to be tips from over 125 top designers - what it really was - 125 designers listed with addresses and phone #s and a couple of tips on each page of that section.I'm really disappointed. For a GREAT magazine, try Southern Living. For a REALLY GOOD magazine, try Better Homes and Gardens.
I enjoy leafing through this magazine, however there are alot more ads than I had anticipated and not very many photos or articles sharing decorating tips. All in all this is a magazine I enjoy skimming through however it just doesn't seem to contain anything that holds my attention or wows me. I would probably try a different subscription when this one runs out.
We enjoy skimming the magazine to get decoration ideas for our house. Some of the ideas presented are interesting! If you are looking for ideas you might enjoy this magazine.
Its an okay magazine but it doesn't get you all dreamy eyed like Caribbean life and style magazine does.
I was hoping this magazine would be filled with vibrant pictures of different "island" destinations but it's not.  I'm really big on pictures and if a place is visually appealing to me, I GO!  Too bad this magazine is not like that.  Has a lot of writing / articles which is great if you enjoy reading :)  I was hoping for more of a "picture" book
The photography is fantastic.  I love the shots of tropical islands, clear blue sky, soft white sands, palm trees, and crystal ocean water.  Basically, paradise on display.  Period.  Unfortunately, everything else about the magazine is disappointing:  The articles are junk, usually full of random babble which provides no real insight into searching, planning and executing a vacation.  The advertising is marginally better, but the options are all limited.  I can (and do) get more useful information from my travel agent, discount travel magazines & brochures, word-of-mouth, and the internet.I thought this magazine would be a great "virtual" vacation every time it arrived in the mail.  The problem was that it only lasted about 15 minutes, the amount of time it took to read through the entire mag.  The one claim to fame, however, for Islands magazine is that it introduced me to my honeymoon destination, the South Pacific, many years ago.  Even with this, though, the most useful information was found on the internet.For about $15/year, this isn't a bad deal.  But, if anyone knows of a magazine with Islands' photo quality, and useful articles, please post.
Playboy, I get for the articles. Islands, it's really just about the pictures. ;-) Seriously, the articles are not very interesting or well written, but the photography is nice. Makes for great dreaming ...
It's unfortunate that it doesn't include a digital version with the print subscription, as so many magazines are doing now. I would give it a much higher rating if it did.
I ordered this subscription through Amazon. After receiving my first issue, I decided to cancel. So i called Kiplinger's to cancel and was told that I can not get a refund for the remaining issues. I was told to contact Amazon. When I contacted Amazon, I was told that the magazine is supposed to issue the refund. Amazon went ahead and gave me full credit to my account (gift card). This is something to keep in mind when ordering this magazine. I would have preferred the refund to my cc by Kiplinger, but Amazon helped when they really didn't have to.
Perhaps the most useful way to classify magazines offering investment advice is by the markets they serve. For Kiplinger, this is very much the Middle Class--lots of advice on mutual funds, "7 Stocks You Should Own Now," planning for retirement, etc. Unfortunately, the advice is very much middle-of-the-road and not terribly useful. The magazine loses credibility when the mutual funds it recommends change from month to month.A more entertaining and useful publication, one aimed at the Upper Middle Class, is SmartMoney [2-year subscription], published by the editors of the Wall Street Journal. Not only are their investment suggestions better, but they talk about a lot of other things of interest to those with disposable income (e.g., wine). Even if you don't have a lot of disposable income, it's a lot more fun to read than Kiplinger's, and your conversations will become more interesting.
The jury is still out on this one.  Some issues are very interesting and helpful,while others are long, boring and rather useless.
The magazine has some god articles, but it glosses over many issues in an attempt, it seems to me, to give everything a positive report.  Generally, it is entertaining, but it should be more.
I think the magazine is fine. Not great. Not bad. Since the economic downturn, it must have lost a lot of advertisers so the magazine is only 72 pages now. Fewer ads or fewer stories...I'm not sure. Naturally, not all stories will interest you because perhaps you are already retired and don't want to read about a young couple starting out or in my case I'm retired from the U.S. Government and there are essentially no stories concerning our retirement plan. All that having been said, an annual subscription for $12 is affordable and worth the outlay.
Ok at the discount price.  Easy to read in an hour or two. Insights that I mostly get from elsewhere, but reading them together is a good learning experience.  Occasionally a new idea or an old idea presented in a new way.Because of this I am more informed about working part time in retirement or negotiating for part time instead of immediately jumping into retirement.  Not alarmist nor self congratulatory.
The monthly newsletter provides the latest information concerning retirement: changes in tax laws, Medicare, investments, and others. It is a good condensation of financial subjects. Unfortunately, they get repeated the next year using different words. As a result, the newsletter's value goes down. For this reason, I did not renew my subscription after a year.
Was able to get the year subscription for 5 dollars. Price was great. Magazine is hit and miss. Some issues are interesting and great ideas for dinner and day trips others is nothing but pages of ads. Of you can get it for $5 then it's worth it.
Really cannot comment - purchased for a friend and have had no comments - from her or anyone else that may have been exposed to the book
Being that LA is my favourite city anywhere, I used to always buy this at my local Borders (until they decided to no longer keep this and keep instead a thousand magazines on stitchcraft or fishing etc).  Now I always look forward to picking up a couple of copies when in America.  However, I find that between trips, it's only the articles that change.  They still review and list the same restuarants and don't change them up as much as they probably could/should.I do love the articles about various people around town or the things going on in the city, but there is too much of the same material in various editions.  I don't want to keep reading the same restaurant listings and the same advertising at the back of the magazine all the time.  I agree with another reviewer that this isn't as good as the New Yorker.
Having moved to LA just a couple of years ago, I wanted to discover new cool spots in the city, especially restaurants.This magazine usually has a decent cover story, but you get through that content in like 10 minutes and the rest of magazine kind of sucks.  It's a lot of repetitive content, a lot of uninteresting ads, and the multiple pages of restaurant listings are rarely updated at all.You're better off just using Yelp!
MACWORLD was one thing when we first got online over a decade ago.  Nowadays it has not kept up with the fast pace of the online world.  First, when I have a problem with my Mac or with my ipod or iphone, I don't use MACWORLD as a resource.  Instead, I go to the Google search engine and slug in the words for my problem.  Within seconds, not only do I have the best answers from all over the online world but I also have the solution within the top five hits. Secondly, David Pogue for the NEW YORK TIMES does fabulous videos on high tech issues plus writes wonderful manual for all of my Apple products.  I used to watch the MACWORLD videos for help but the people who do them should never do video.  They have no humor and are dry as dust.  Pogue, by contrast, is a natural at doing videos on the technical world.  He is informative while being creative and humorous about technology. I also have an entire page on my iGoogle site which has gadgets for all the major Apple and Mac sites online.  They all have instant info on any big news going on for a Mac or Apple products user.  MACWORLD, in short, needs a lot of work in order to keep up with the pace of today's online audio and visual world.
Macworld magazine has helpful information on Macs, software, Apple products and products made by other companies that are used with Macs such as printers, scanners, etc. The articles are not as in-depth as they were in the past. (I have read every issue ever published) The magazine also has less pages than in the past.They give an overview of hardware and software and some helpful tips plus news about what is happening at Apple Corp.A few months before your subcription ends, you will receive a renewal notice. You will be surprised to find that the renewal price is about twice as much as the original subscription price. Of course, you can start a new subscription at the lower price. But then you might miss an issue. Or you might get two issues one month and then you will only have 11 magazines from your new subscription.Macworld should take a lesson from Wired Magazine and realize that it is possible to have a large magazine with lots of in-depth articles and a low subscription price. Hint: It is called advertising space.
this magazine is informative as it gives you a lot of info on the latest technological resources on the market.  But I guess I expected more information on the inner workings of the Mac products rather than just a listing of what they have.
I love this Magazine...but it seems to have gotten smaller in content in the last year or so...I like Mac Life better now.
MacWorld has long been one of the best Macintosh resources in print.  I have been a subscriber since the Premier issue in 1984 and continue my subscription to this day.  Unfortunately, the magazine has slimmed down considerably through the years and some well respected writers have left over the past year, leaving one to wonder about the future of this otherwise fine publication.Since this is a brief review of this Macworld "subscription," it is important I point out that the Macworld cover you see in the photo here is NOT what you will receive when you subscribe.  That version, with the tiny barcode at the lower right, is the "news stand" edition.  The subscriber edition looks much worse due to an enormous white rectangle on the cover, which is used for the inkjetting of subscriber address information.  For your reference, I have taken a photo of my recent September 2009 issue, sitting it along side the news stand edition -- find it by going to the Flickr photo site and search using these keywords: Macworld cover compared.While the cover may not matter so much to some subscribers, I for one greatly dislike what Macworld's editors are willing to sacrifice in order to save a few pennies.  They didn't always have such an awful looking cover for subscribers.Due to the marred subscription cover and rather lean content (versus what it used to be 10 years ago), I can only give Macworld 3/5 stars.  And I say this with a heavy heart having subscribed to it for so many years.  It is certainly not my intent to turn people away from this publication.  Rather, I hope my words will inspire Mac enthusiasts interested in this publication to write Macworld with the aim of making it better.  Macworld will only change for the better when readers voice direct feedback the editors.
I love macs so I wanted to know more about them and the products that go with them and enhance their outcome. For this, Macworld is great. Articles about current issues, advices on additional functions, reviews, tips and recommendations. But the magazine feels cheap, with very thin paper and many ads which are small formats and make the pages look mess. It was a bit of visual disappointment I must admit.
I purchased this mag for my Son and he is happy with it.  I would not buy it for myself as I prefer the stability of Linux.
Perfect for anyone who owns a mac.  I still have my PC along with PC World which I love.  Macworld triesto do same but somehow does not have the same feel.  Maybe I read PC World too long?
I don't give a rat's petite tail about either the IPad or iPhone so it's not as useful as I thought it would be. I am disappointed however the writing is great and what is in there about the newest updates IS useful.
Not much you can say for a magazine.  Order on 6/19/2010 did not get the magazine until 8-1-2010.In the end it came.  Just beware that it takes 4-10 weeks before you get your magazine.
I used to be an avid fan of Marie Claire magazine, but over the last few years its gotten thinner and poorer in quality content. What used to be in-depth articles about real women, now they have wise-guy(or er girl) "essays" with minimal to zero relevance to the topic. Even their fashion and beauty sections lost quality. They used to give you a lot of useful fashion information for every woman, like figure flattery tips, splurge vrs steal. But now its just a mish-mash of clothes that aren't even stylish. Sure they have a few articles about women around the world, but most of the content in the magazine could be forgotten. I would recommend this magazine for those looking for pure entertainment, but not for those looking for relevant information.
Already a subscriber to Self and Women's Health, I subscribed to Glamour and Marie Claire in search of better fashion content. While I didn't really get the fashion content I was looking for (as few items featured in MC fall within my grad-student budget), I was pleasantly surprised that MC was attempting a novel if not altogether successful approach to a women's fashion magazine - a magazine with actual articles about issues that many women would find interesting. A few examples from this month's issue - a woman writes about her experience of being in a world renowned prison, an ethnographic piece on a matrifocal ethnic group in China etc. I should warn you that these articles are never really in depth, but they are nifty little conversation starters. Recently, MC has also been trying a bit harder with "recession-friendly" items for their fashion section, and while pieces $250-and-under are still out of most people's budget, I think the effort to feature more attainable items is a step in the right direction...Also, Amazon usually offers $5 tO $10 off of its featured magazine's every few months, if you wait for this deal (you'll probably get an email), you could get a one year subscription to MC for $3!
I have been a subscriber to Marie Claire for a while now.  I used to love getting it in the mail to read the new articles about real women and to peruse the beauty and fashion advice.  Now, since the new editors, the fashion has gone from affordable items to "price available upon request."  I find it frustrating and irritating that at least a couple items on every spread have this "price tag."  Especially for a magazine that is written in a city full of H&Ms;, etc.  And a tag line of "27 new hairstyles, trends, products" is no where near 27 new hairstyles, trends and products.  I believe it was 5.I hope one day Marie Claire will come back down to planet middle income, but until then, I am moving on...
I got this for $5 so the price was good.  But had I reviewed it in the store first I would not spend regular prices on this magazine.  It is OK to thumb through like most have said but it is NOT a great magazine.  I cant tell what "AGE" it is for.  I cant see many people in their 20's or 30's affording clothes in there...not real people especially... so I am guessing it is geared for rich celeb types that have money to burn.  So far I have seen one article that I may read... but mostly ads in this.  It is OK for the price but I wont berenewing the subscription.  It did come in 4 weeks though for the first issue.
My first subscription issue came with the following on the cover/in the contents:238 hot new looks, touting "fab finds under $100"; what I found more often inside was clothing with the caption "price available on request"A lengthy article about Angela Jolie; sorry, but...yawn....Big Girl in a Skinny World; a article telling big girls how lucky they are to be able to at least by *some* cute shoes/boots.For five dollars a year I am not going to complain *too* hard but not likely to renew this either.
I got old and no one told me. I used to really enjoy this magazine, but when I subscribed recently, it seemed vapid and pointless. Just not my cup of tea anymore.
This magazine has its good and bad issues which happen every month so it's hard to grade. I do like the new &#34;work&#34; feature they added though. Especially November 2012 article regarding taking a leadership role in the workplace.
For being a fashion magazine, this one actually has articles worth reading. I purchased all 3 magazines when they were $5 each and this is the only one I did not cancel. There are several magazines I like better than this one, but this one is okay. I can actually stand to look at it.
Thought my teenage daughter would enjoy receiving these and reading them but alas, she was not. Will be canceling this today.
It's a good magazine, but would be a whole lot better with less advertisements and more written material. It seems as if both Marie Claire and Cosmo care more about making money off publishing advertisements than making the magazine about written articles, like it was intended to be when they first started out. All the advertisements are an eyesore and a dissapointment.
I used to LOVE this magazine.  It was for real women and was inspiring, but now it is like all the other high ad, high fashion magazines out there.  The ads and fashion part of the magazine has increased and the REAL articles have decreased; very sad.  If I wanted a fashion magazine, I would subscribe to the other highly known fashion magazines.
I ordered this magazine as a way to inspire me to lose weight. However it was the wrong thing. It is way too young - geared for no one older than 30 and that may be pushing things. Lots of ads, lots of skinny young blondes, teeny bopper stuff. I share this magazine with younger coworkers at my job.
I'm not a "fashion magazine" type of woman. I'm in my early 20s, married, and in graduate school. I'm not liberal but I'm also not conservative. So when I subscribe to a fashion magazine, I expect fashion. But Marie Claire is trying to do too much. I like some of it - like the articles from women around the world and the article about stalking. But the articles about plastic surgeries or new "fitness" techniques are not for me. The most annoying aspect of Marie Claire is the almost liberal spin on the issues. I don't think the editors at Marie Claire really have the clout to make any political statements.As a grad student, I don't have money for high fashion, so I've never bought anything based on the magazine. Most of the "fashion" is too much for me. I like the "big girl in a skinny world" column even though I'm not plus sized.I'm only keeping it because I got it super cheap, and it's mildly interesting. I'll probably end up cancelling it after a year - maybe I'll try ELLE.
I enjoy Marie Claire but they could "step it up" a bit. Splurge vs. Steal probably sells their magazine for them. Often I notice repeat information, or feature products that appear in 4 other fashion magazines. More originality would be helpful. And it really pissed me off that the fengshui article was such a limited target market. (I'll still read next month's addition. I have to find out the best "steal"!)
The main reason I subscribed to Marie Claire was the price.  Five bucks for a whole year during a special? Not bad, not bad at all.  That and the fact I love Project Runway and having it mentioned five times an episode really hooks it in your mind.  It took about a month for the first issue to arrive and I immediately dove in.  A lot of the stuff is pricey and to be honest, I am not going to buy a $500 must own jacket.  I can't even afford the bargain version at $100.  Marie Claire might not be as crammed full of pricey things as In Style, for instance, but it's not a great magazine for a bargainista like myself.Seeing as how I have eleven more issues coming, maybe I'll see something more my style (and price range), but so far, I'm honestly disappointed.
I had no problems with the amazon magazine subscription services. I bought this when it was $5 for a year and I was looking for a new women's magazine. It's not a bad buy for $5 but I'm not sure I would pay anything more for a year of Marie Claire. It's not as strong as other women's magazines. It has potential and it was genius of MC to hook up with Project Runway (that is why I bought it). But... frankly, Nina Garcia's fashion editing is not great. The fashion layouts in the first issue I received might have been the ugliest clothes I have ever seen. I was looking at outfits featured in her spreads thinking, "If a designer did this on PR, they would be torn apart." I do like the focus on some world issues. Additionally, as a slightly bigger girl (i.e. a size 14 instead of a 2, which I don't think is huge at all, but in fashion it is!) I do appreciate the "Big Girl in a Skinny World" column. But I wish they wouldn't confine curvy girls to one little page. Glamour does a MUCH better job at incorporating curvy women throughout the entire magazine. Marie Claire makes me feel like I only deserve to be featured in one column. I worry that some of the models they choose for their magazine are not accurate representations of the majority of women. If you are looking for a well-rounded women's magazine I'd go with Glamour or Real Simple instead.
I bought this for Mrs. Spudman because it was such a good deal. I'd never seen the magazine but figured it would have all the topics usually covered in women's magazines like clothing, makeup, travel, recipes, children, love and romance.I was only partically correct. Mrs. Spudman doesn't mind looking at the magazine and even finds a few articles of interest in it. Mostly , though, Marie Claire is directed to younger career women with plenty of disposable income to buy the things with the fancy brand names featured in the magazine. It's for a young woman who cares about her looks, likes being impeccably coiffed, and doesn't mind spoiling herself with the best of everything.It's a magzine full of beautiful women and beautiful things and fueled by ads for these richly priced fashions. For women who shop at the high end stores and don't mind dropping two hundred dollars for a clutch, this might be a magazine of interest. Unfortunately Marie Claire is as appealing to Mrs. Spudman as Men's Health is to me.A George Constanza might even find Marie Claire magazine good bathroom reading.
its a good magazine but truly for the younger set 20-30 although there was a few things that interested me.  not really my thing but i am a grandma young one but still a grandma
I was hopeful of this magazine for its fashion, but I was disappointed when I saw that most of the time it was filled up with reviews, essays, and advertisements. I just want to see more fashion outfits, jewelry, and make-up reviews. The reviews I saw was of books, movies, life obstacles, and life styles. If your interested in these types of things it's perfect, but I'm going to try a different magazine. I'm glad I tried because it was cheap but it kind of feels like a waste of money and is a doorstop.
Great magazine but with no Kindle app (not Kindle) support not able to read on an Android tablet or smartphone.
I bought a year long subscription to Men's Health and have enjoyed the issues I've read thus far which is reason enough to give it 3 stars. I take it to the gym with me and it usually lasts for longer than the ninety minutes I'm there which is a good in itself; however, I must agree with the others concerning its depth and occasional (but annoying) descent into politics and political correctness. In my view, a real man isn't PC. He thinks for himself and rejects the false cult of sensitivity. Thus, there's no excuse for some of the stuff I've come across in these pages since September. We should fight PC and reject conformity. On the positive side, the last issue I read was entirely free of politics whereas the one that got released after the election had four instances of bias injected into its articles (I was forced to count)...which offended me. I read Men's Health for the exercise and diet articles, and, admittedly, most of them are quite good. Also, just as a side note, I paid about 5 bucks less for my subscription than what they offer here.
Yes, a year or two ago to anyone that is seriously into following healthy eating habits and getting the best coverage on fittness, I would have pointed to Men's Health w/no hesitation.  I always try to explain to my friends that reading Flex and other muclebound magazines that feature roid pumped BB with their unrealistic exercise regimens is a waste of time.  But now I don't necessarily direct them to MH because it has fallen off.At first I didn't mind the articles about fashion and etiquette, who can't use a tip on those categories!  But everyday more space is wasted on nonsense articles that have less to do with fitness or nutrition.Now don't get me wrong, I still like the magazine.  And to be honest you still get some good information from it, matter of fact it is still a bargain for the price of the subscribtion.  But time is money and I have too many things going on in my life for me to read MH.  I recommend "Men's Fitness"...it does what MH used to do and it is even more practical than MH ever was.And that is what I need now a days, info that I can put to use...not a feature on briefs/boxers or [bedroom] secrets.==========================================================================[Update]Men's Fitness has copied the ways of Men's Health, and it is even a worst offender when it comes to fluff material.  I have found searching for books to be a better solution.  I recommend the following:- Starting Strength (2nd edition) by Mark Rippetoe- Eat, Drink, and Be Healthy: The Harvard Medical School Guide to Healthy Eating by M.D. Walter C. WillettYou can still subscribe to the magazines to keep in touch of what may be in the horizon, but those two books taught me a lot more than any number of magazine issues ever did.
I subscribed to the magazine in December of 2003 and did not receive the December 2003 or January 2004 issues until the beginning of February 2004, at which time both magazines arrived together (and only after I e-mailed Men's Health about it). And now it is the end of March and the March 2004 issue has still not arrived!Other than that, Men's Health is an informative magazine, with good fitness information (if you apply it).
I've been an avid Mens Health reader for years now and enjoy the almost every article. Great finance tips, good everyday man stories, and great sex tips. The cooking ideas cannot be topped in most cooking magazines.I rate 3 stars because during the last few years I've seen repetive articles, after about a year or so the same topics will come up again with no fresh information. During the last year or so the magazine has began catering to the 6 figure man. I'm no slouch but I cannot afford to spend $500 dollars on a pair of pants.All in all a good magazine. If your a normal man looking for anything outside expensive fashion tips, finance tips for 6 figure investments, recipes on roast duck, or awesome workouts made for the corporate executive your looking in the wrong place.
I bought this for my fiance because he used to get the magazine a few years ago.  It's a decent magazine for someone that has never had a subscription to it before.  However, if you have had a subscription in the past, don't get it again.  Why?  Because it's the same thing, over and over again.  Same articles, same tips, nothing different.  Either save your money, or put your money towards a different fitness magazine.IF you have never had a subscription to this magazine before, it's worth it to get it for a year.  It's very informative about some things.
First let me say, the vast majority of men in the US, need to read this magazine. Why three stars? Simply put, MHM overloads you with too much information, without putting it together in a bigger picture. Should I really be excited to hear some pop icon or actor's workout every month? And if you expect to afford the clothes in this magazine, you should be earning $100k a year.Something else that bothers me about MHM, is the magazine still debates the roles of alcohol, beef, pork, marijuana, coffee, and processed foods in seeking optimum health.The magazine never forgets to issue advice on every sort of interpersonal/social situation, and if your a little slow, I guess you need it. On the other hand, if you meditate and have some degree of intuition, you don't need all that advice, it's common sense.MHM and Rodale press could just publish one workout book every decade, as "breakthroughs" don't happen very often in the realm of physical training. Just look at the US military. Also, who knows how much money the beef industry pays Rodale, let alone all the other products they "recommend".My problem with Men's Health Magazine is it's role, to make money. Despite these setbacks, and considering the widespread obesity in America, I'm glad to see this magazine on the shelves. If you want to be as healthy as possible, get Paul Pitchford's Healing with Whole Foods.
My boyfriend is very happy with the magazine; however, I am not happy because the first issue came 2 months before it was supposed to, so they sent us one that we had already bought, so I feel we wasted money on the one we already paid for.
Men's Health will soon evolve into something resembling Cosmopolitan. In almost every issue it's the same thing over and over and over and over again. Pump iron, take pills, eat this, don't eat that, do this for better sex, smell this perfume, dress like these guys, listen to what these ppl say to help you get the girl.....whew....glad I didn't renew my subscription.
While we have not yet received our first issue of this subscription, we know the magazine will be great! We've had previous subcriptions to it. The problem is that it was advertised the company was supposed to send out a card indicating this subscription had been purchased. That "card" was to have been a stocking stuffer indicating the gift to follow. It never arrived. Emailed the company x3 with no response.
As a regular reader of "Men's Health," I have long enjoyed its articles for their entertaining style and the useful information contained in its pages.  After several years, however, it has become obvious that there are only so many abs exercises, or amusing sex tips, or ways to portray men as charmingly stupid.  I realize that I no longer need to buy the magazine as I can just look at the back issues I have instead.  It covers the basics well, but does it over and over, so my advice is to enjoy it for a year and then go on to more advanced things on your own.
I like the work out posters that are included with a poster series and specific work outs with illustrations and instructions. and some of the articles are good, a bit of fluff however, but overall I think a fun read. something useful in each issue. But some of the stuff, like the promises on every cover, I would take with a grain of salt.
As a magazine, Men's Health is an interesting read for all men, well written with simple exercises, health tips, easy but delicious recipes, and general life advice.However.. buyer beware.  They will send you promotional items that they will automatically bill you for, unless you take the time to fill out a card and send the items back within the preview period.  They'll also give your information out to multiple promotional companies whose junk now fills out my mailbox.
I've had a subscription for Men's Health for over 10 years, but just recently cancelled it. Cancelation was a bit of a hassle as I had to contact them three times.The magazine is full of little facts, great recipes for quick meals and some decent workout tips. However I found that the articles weren't detailed enough. The workouts weren't thorough enough and rarely offered alternatives for people with troubled area's.What put me over the edge is the increasing advertisement laden content. Seems like all the products that were recommend would preceded or followed by an advertisement from the manufacturer. So too many advertisements along with weaker content was enough to steer me away.In addition, ever since they brought on the new editor they have had a lot of junky stuff added. Too much relationship stuff and the Jimmy the bartender segment could be thrown out. Seems like it was made for very young men.I'm also not fond of their involuntary preferred customer program, where they automatically sign you up for the following year. It wouldn't be too bad if their online system worked, but it didn't work the 3 times I tried. If you;re going sing-up someone automatically at least give them the special discount.Never give them your credit card because they'll do whatever they can to avoid you canceling and you'll automatically be signed-up for renewal.
Way too much advertising! One third of the magazine seems to be clothing or cologne ads. I start by ripping out age after page of cologne ads and then do enjoy the advice portions very much.
So I ordered this magazine and for almost a year I've been reading it.  I have to admit, it's not entirely what I expected.  I've picked up a random issue for review, September 2007 to be exact.  So here goes...The GOOD:  The articles in here are well-written for the most part, and many of them are related to actual health.  This issue, which features an odd dual-issue format with Jamie Foxx on one cover and Andy Samberg from SNL on the back, has an article about the decline in testosterone (good) and stories about cooking healthier (also good).  Some of the ads in this issue are geared toward men too, such as the Ford Super Duty and Jeep ads.The BAD:  In my opinion, there's *way* too much focus on fashion in this magazine.  It's bad on normal months, but this issue has a whole section donated to it (the back, upside-down section).  They seem to want me to buy a $750.00 pair of ugly Beatles-boots and by far the ugliest watch I've ever seen, the Zenith Defy Xtreme Open for $29,700.00.  Not sure who this magazine is catering to but I bought a subscription to learn more about healthy living.  There are entire magazines out there devoted to the type of guy who has money to burn and cares so much about a certain image (in otherwords, a poser).  I didn't expect it from this magazine.  And it's not that I want to tell this magazine what it should or shouldn't be... it's just that I don't want any part of this whole image thing.  You can buy some great high-quality and functional men's items without going overboard with materialism, and I don't want a magazine that promotes that.The UGLY:  That Zenith watch takes the cake.  Seriously, look it up online.  It looks like something from a cereal box.  I might wear it if it was free, but I'd have to wear long sleeves to cover it up.  A watch shouldn't cost more than a new car.  If it does... you're a poser :)Overall:  This magazine has some good fatures but it's too fashion-oriented for my tastes.
Received my first magazine in May and it was the April issue.  I hope they don't charge me for a month old magazine.
This magazine offers plenty for its readers. Various advice on career issues, fitness, financial planning, sex, nutrition, style, weight loss, time management, and even recipes. It is clearly accessible and brief in its execution. Which is fine, since life can get rather hectic nowadays. It is somewhat similar to "Mens Journal." But, with far more attention on health and fitness. I deduct 1 star because it was better written in the past. Still, it is the best mens magazine available today.
Not enough info on beginning again later in life. Maybe a new branch off just for us over 50. How about mag and Internet all one price. I bought it on Amazon from my IPad just wish publisher would let me watch the same mag on my mobile device.
The information and workouts are good.  But it starts getting old after about 6 issues.  Also, more advertisements per sq. inch of page than any magazine I have ever read.  It's why I got a free subscription from Amazon a couple of years ago and it is renewed for free each year.
The articles were not well written nor were they particularly topical. Would not recommend for the thoughtful reader od ant political persuasion
This magazine is emblematic of everything the Oklahomans hate about New Englanders ("Hey! We know what verisimilitude means!"). I'm all for big words, but and impressive vocabulary should be used to achieve the best possible elaboration of a statement, not to conquer your opponents with awe.  Don't get me wrong, I most definitely did not vote for Bush (Bednarik, anyone? Was I really the only one?), but these writers are just as combative as Rush. Rather than having an intelligent social and political discussion, they chose to lambaste The Right as whole. It takes away from the content, and it's insulting to the intellectuals among us who happen to have conservative leanings. I think that the issues raised by Mother Jones need to be discussed, but with a little more tact.  You'll win no converts with insults.  Buy Foreign Policy or something similar instead.
I subscribed to Mother Jones from the very first issue - seems sometime during disco-days.  From then on, I cancelled waited a couple years and re-upped, only to cancel at subscription's end.  Not because I disagreed with the 'politics' or writing talents or topics -- I cancel because this is the most depressing magazine I have ever read.  (There's probably some poetry mag, however that I've missed.)  Every single issue bums me out.  It should be retitled:  "You Thought That Was Bad!?"  I resubscribe every few years because one of their stories makes it to national 'news' and I'm reminded.  Also because I actually still subscribe to several magazines so I get mail offers all the time.  My counsel to you:  Only get this magazine if you are a liberal without a 'bleeding heart.' Otherwise you will be contemplating the end of the civilization -- and it's gonna hurt!  Oh, and if you can stand David Corn constantly taking credit for the Mitt Romney "47%" video - it's a little like the Wash. Post taking credit for the Pentagon Papers - they printed it, they didn't invent/discover it.
So I'm listening to the NPR story on Amazon's practices, and I thank Mother Jones and this reporter for bringing this news. I'm now taking my business elsewhere -- to local independent merchants wherever possible. What an awful company I've been buying products from.
The pictures are nice, the show results current; but the information and products are as dated as Joe and Ben, themselves.
The subscription is for my disabled son who does not own a kindle, nor do I so the kindle portion of the subscription is not usable. But he loves the magazine.
First off I suscribe to the Magazine. I personally Enjoy reading it. I agree there are alot of advertisments, but this is a commerical publication and has about the same ad as other magazines.Now, This Magazine is not for  Beginers, Or Novices, For people who focus soley on Natural bodybuilding, Nor Is it for Athletes who competively plays sports. This Magazine focuses On a specific  demographic- Powerlifter, Bodybuilders and enthusists Of the sport/art. It also focues and reaching goals through legal supplements and drinks. The excerises and routines In the magazine, or geared towards people with intermediate to advance knowledge of lifting.I  DO NOT recommend this magazine for anyone starting out or wants a natural path to bodybuilding. I DO recommend this for those individuals who are competitvely  bdoy building and those who have a good base of knnowledge on Lifting
I subscribed to Muscle and Fitness Hers and really enjoyed a weighlifting magazine geared toward women. When they discontinued it was with the promise we'd get plenty of articles of our own in Muscle and Fitness. But this magazine has turned into one large ad. The articles are still useful, but there are too many ads now and not enough tips and advice for women bodybuilders.
Print copy wouldn't load on my phone, but I bought it as a gift for my son so no big deal
This is how a subscription to muscle and fitness will go: Issue 1 -- building a massive chest, Issue 2 -- the secret to huge biceps, Issue 3 - the secret to a massive chest, etc., ad nauseam. And, every other issue or so will treat some issue about weight training and bedroom performance. If this is what you are after, this magazine might be for you. But don't expect much in the way of cutting-edge science or research. Lift weights. Buy our supplements. Get bigger.It seems like every other ad is pushing some new, state-of-the-art supplement that will give you the results of anabolic steroids without any of the adverse health effects. The before and after shots are a riot. The worst was a user that was soft and bloated on day 1; on day 3 he was well defined and cut, with a great tan to match!Ultimately, the only way this magazine is going to help you is if looking at grotesque, chemically-enhanced physiques with sprayed-on sweat motivates you. Personally, I would be happy if I could build the muscle mass of some of the women bodybuilders featured in the magazine. (I could use the manly jaw line, too.)
I love this magazine, but am disappointed that my magazines will not start arriving for 6 to 10 weeks according to Amazon.  If I had known that I would not have used Amazon to purchase my subscription.  Very disappointing.
I used to love this magazine and subscribed on and off for years. But I finally realized it holds nothing for me anymore except 1 or 2 good photographs and sometimes the fitness section. Almost all the articles are about sports that I could never afford to get even mediocre at, gear, and - increasingly and alarmingly - hot & trendy outdoor sports stars.  The tone of the magazine is kind of breathless, often kind of snide.It's not all bad - I do like the monthly fitness section, and sometimes there are great articles and useful travel info. But now I just browse it at the checkout stand if it's a good issue, I'll buy it there.
There is a strange mixture of articles in this magazine.  Some are about outdoor activities- though not really about *you* doing them, but stories about someone else.  Other articles seem completely general interest that would not be of any more interest to an outdoorsy person than anyone else.  There are entertaining travel articles about writers' trips without too much practical information if you were to plan a trip.  However, in the back there is a large section of advertisements from all kinds of outdoor adventure places.  The photography section is lovely; there are a couple of pages of just artistic photos. For an active outdoor magazine, it seems a little too passive.
I subscribed to this once before, hoping to find a magazine that would cover all the outdoor topics without needing a separate subscription for each (Backpacker, Canoe, etc...). I was drawn by the great pictures and flashy covers. That is about all there is here. It should be called "Outdoor Photography" because it does that very well. What it doesn't do is provide something worth reading very often.My first go round there was maybe an article every other month to read. I let it lapse for about six months before resubscribing. I am now 5 issues into that second subscription. Outside did the typical, which i find most magazines do. They dumped two old issues on me right off the bat, which eats into your issue count, which i had already read on the newsstand. Yes, you can go online and try to rectify that but its a pain in all honesty and i shouldn't have to- don't dump your overruns on new subscribers.The magazine still looks great, but after receiving the last issue i went through every page, reached the end and realized i had not read a single thing. Nothing appealed to me. I thought about it and out of 5 issues I can only remember reading 2 articles. One was an interview with Bear Grylls. Like him or not, he should be a great interview. The story was about 2 pages in all, basic and boring. No new perspective, nothing about the future other than hints at a "few projects" etc. Come on, this magazine would be the perfect outlet for a sneak peak and it felt like Outside made no effort, though they made sure to plaster a giant picture of him on the cover.So all in all, if you really are into the scene and know who these people are then you might read the articles. I find too often that the stories are some far off fantasy or fanboy coverage of someone most of us have not heard of. Those stories are short and backed by big beautiful photography. Every so often there is a longer feature, most of which are like reading molasses- the writers have obvious intelligence and credentials, but seem to miss the point that it needs to be readable.Like some have said, the magazine has a fascination with Lance Armstrong and a few other unit shifters. I am betting my next issue has a "revealing expose" on him.At this point i am really considering cancelling this subscription as i look at the stack next to my desk. Ill look at them again, hoping to find something, then recycle. If i cancel i can probably get enough cash back for a Backpacker subscription. Not a really great mag either, lacks the pictures, but at least there is a monthly "gear checklist" or "go here now!" article for some kind of inspiration which Outside fails to provide.
The main complaint in the critical reviews is that OUTSIDE has lost it's formerly excellent articles and substance.  THEY ARE CORRECT.  This was a great magazine that is quickly "losing" it.
I'm not sure what has happened at Outside, but for the past couple of years it seems like it wants to be Esquire. Though not founded as a men's magazine, it's become that. Case in point: The most recent gift guide, which is titled ""What Every Man Wants This Year." Apparently it was too hard to find gifts women would like.The photography is astounding, but overall you're better off going with the real thing: Subscribe to Esquire.
Outside Magazine and I have had an up and down relationship for many years.  At times, Outside grabs me with great journalism, awesome photos, and fun facts.  I've lliked its fearless tackling of environmental issues and its ability to transport me to truly exotic places.  At other times, i question its journalistic integrity, emphasis on the latest and greatest gear, and shameless trumpeting of past successes.  At times the advice it gives also seems more aimed at insecurities (you need this gear to be successful, you need to live HERE to live a fulfilling life) than I think a magazine focusing on fun in the outdoors should.Cases in point:- I'm not sure what criteria it uses for recommending gear but at times I question whether the recommendations come because a certain company is an advertiser or because the editors truly believe that a certain bike, watch, pair of sunglasses are really all that.  I don't get the sense that recommendations come as the result of rigorous field testing a la Backpacker Magazine, etc.  Also the gear tends to be super expensive.  Whatever happened to just enjoying the outdoors via the John Muir approach: just taking off with the clothes on your back and the nearest snack at hand?  Because I live in a mountain town I see this ridiculous emphasis on having Just The Right Gear/Clothing for every occasion all the time.  It's a little silly.- Recycling or contradictory fitness advice.  Outside did an outstanding series back in 1999 about achieving total fitness but then in subsequent issues redirected its fitness programs under the same type of heading (Achieve your best fitness now!) that made me wonder if they're just running with current fads.  I know a magazine has to really work at staying fresh but I think consistency is the best approach here.-  Dudes---John Krakauer wrote a great series and subsequent book about the tragedy on Everest in 1996.  But that ship has sailed.  If that's the only hook you can hang your hat on the magazine's got problems.  We get that your magazine took the lead on that story.  Stop reminding us of it.
There is some very good writing to be found in Outdoor- Randy Wayne White and John Krakauer come immediately to mind. Excellent reading for the armchair traveller. The bulk of the magazine, however, is an extended advertisement for high-tech outdoors gear, punctuated by ads for SUVs the size of earthmoving equipment that every true outdoorsman or woman needs.Outdoors is rather like the numerous amateur photography magazines that obsess about equipment and yet have very little to say about the aestheic of art. When I think of my favorite outdoor adventures I don't think about the equipment I used, or the many and wonderful modern conveniences I brought along. Instead I think of just being in a quiet place, away from flashing and beeping electronics that fill my workday.
Like most of these magazines the adds overwhelm and the articles under-whelm. Outside is starting to look like a glamour magazine. So sad it use to be a good resource.
I WANT to like this magazine.  I really do.  I consider myself an outdoorsy type.  I frequently run trail ultramarathons and I work in a job that provides me with ample opportunity to spend hours deep in the woods or on the water.  But this magazine just seems to be grasping for what it wants to be.  Not to mention the fact that it just comes off as having such a bias toward the Rockies and West Coast.  I can't tell you how many pages of skiing-related material I just had to pass over in every issue.  I perhaps read 1-2 great articles the whole time I had a (free) subscription to this mag.  When I went to renew and saw the price...forget it.  It's like DETAILS for guys in the mountains...
I have to admit I get excited when I open my mailbox to find the latest issue of Popular Mechanics has arrived.  This month (Sep 2011 issue) I felt like I was drowning in ads.  Curious, I checked and found of 150 pages there were 59 pages of ads, and 17 pages of those annoying "advertorial" things that pretend to be magazine articles when they are just really huge ads.  Added up, half of the magaine is advertising.  I find myself wishing for a little more content... a little more elaboration on some of the topics covered.  If there were a good alternative to this magazine, my PM subscription would be ending in a heartbeat.
I would give it more stars if my husband actually read it. I donate it a few months after it comes, so someone else can read it.
I loved this magazine as a kid, but as an adult I find it to be not really worth my time. The editorial quality is hit or miss, and its really filled with so many ads that it's hard to read the magazine.
MY HUSBAND USED TO READ THIS AND THOUGHT IT A GOOD BUY, BUT SINCEGETTING IT HE HASN'T READ ANY OF THEM YET, SO NO REASON TO RE ORDER.
And all about increasing your manhood. I am a woman. I don't need a manhood increase. If you can get past the junk and offensive ads, the articles are good reads. The digital version is not included. So, you can save this for bath time or lunch reading.
Ok magazine.  Did not renew.  Reminds me of the Popular Mechanics magazines my dad got in the 70's.  It's like the readers Digest outdated.
Read it all in short time.  Informative but limited number of subjects in this volume. Recommend it for light reading.
I like the mag.  Its not something I am completely interested in but it has good pictures and the articles are fine.
Thin. Changed a lot since I was a kid. Low price but not much substance to the publication anymore. It is still fun to read and has some interesting articles.
Its ok.  I however do NOT like auto renewal because i wasnt notified it was about to renew,  and i had no money in the bank... In the end i paid 47 dollars for this subscription..
good mag, interesting stuff...need to get the online version.... dont like the auto renewal thing unless you can remember to cancel if you dont like charged... I dont like to be auto renewed for anything....
This magazine has changed a lot over the last few years. They have really cut back on the number of articles and projects per issue and the amount of adds in the magazine is out of control. I picked up the subscription on sale for 5 bucks a year though so I can't complain too much. Its still a fun magazine if you can pick it up cheap.
I very much enjoy Popular Mechanics. I've been subscribing to the magazine for almost a decade. Recently, I paid for digital copies of Popular Science and am a huge fan of the digital magazine. Popular Mechanics was one of the first magazines to transition to digital subscriptions and I wish I had switched earlier. I love the magazine and encourage everyone to subscribe, but would recommend they chose to purchase a digital copy. The digital magazine is very interactive and it's delivered directly to you regardless of your location. I rated this magazine as a 3 out of 5 because it's a hard copy. The content of the magazine is a 5 out of 5. I can't, in good conscious, rate any hard copy magazine a 5 out of 5 after trying a digital version of Popular Science.
Once again a very informative story from a magazine you would not expect to cover such a very technical subject.Further proof of a magazine well worth haveing.
Magazine would be more enjoyable to read if you  could just pick it up and skim through it without having to hunt up the bifocals.
This is an okay magazine, it once was a winner but has lost most of its popularity due to too many adds and not enough about its contents.  The magazine has turned into a money maker instead of reporting on interesting ideas and stories.
This might be a good magazine to get your Jr. High son or grandson. It has lots of interesting articles. I really enjoyed it as a kid.It takes a hard slant to the right on ocasion. There are also just a few too many times where what is featured in their tech review articles happen to be featured prominantly in the magazine's ads. Its hard to tell the ads from the articles at times. Its also just not that well written. The articles themselves are a bit thin.One article a while back mentioned a "bridge of glass" being built in Tacoma. (this was a follow-on to an earlier article on bridge technology and exotic materials) If you go there, its a bridge to a glass museum, but is made of ordinary reinforced concrete. A little editorial fact checking never hurts.
Popular Mechanics is my favorite magazine.  When will it be available on the Kindle DX?
This magazine does still have some useful information if you search among it's many many pages of advertising. Good Luck.
I didn't really read it carefully, basically because I couldn't tell which are not ads.
Not sure that I like the automatic renewal.
Popular Mechanics was one of the first magazines I subscribed to when I was in my early teens, early 1970's.  It was a well written magazine with interesting articles targeted at average reading abilities.  I loved it then, and it has helped keep me lightly informed on most of the innovative technological advances of the last 40 years.  Unfortunately, this magazine, along with others like Popular Science, were bought out by large companies, who did not maintain the same standards, but are maxamizing their profit at the expense of quality.  Among the many cost cutting initiatives, they have shrunk the font size to the point I can barely read the print.  Yes I know they print denials of this regularly, but I have a few old magazines I can compare the new ones with, and the font is undeniably much smaller now.  Also, the content is about 1/3 that of the older magazines.  The paper is thinner and cheaper, and this accounts for some of the thinning of the magazine, but not this much.  There are usually only two or three major articles, and the many of the rest appear to be copied right off the internet.Sorry Popular Mechanics, I have many fond memories of you, but like a loved relative with dementia, Although still living, you are a shadow of your former self.  (Disclaimer;  I wrote a very similar review for Popular Science, both are accurate, since I have had nearly identical experiences with both).
Great magazine, I've received it for more than 20 years,and I am a "Preferred Subscriber". But the AUTO-RENEW rate was for $20 a year, and I can get it for $12, even at hearstmags.com. I called their Customer Service after they DID NOT RESPOND to my email, and they said their offers "had not caught up" to the current price, whatever that means.  I think a previous long term customer should get the best rate, not the worst.  I will NEVER do auto-renew again as one publisher went from $16 to $48 in a year. I had my credit card company reverse that gouge attempt.  Caveat Emptor-they hope you are not watching and will take advantage of you!!
Six dollars is a good price but five dollars would be better.It seems if you wait long enough you can get the low prices.Popular Mechanics is still a good magazine. I like the how to pojects.
The topics of the magazine are great, but it has too much ads, which makes it hard to read. I'd rather the spanish version, it's easier to read. Besides, delivery takes too much.
What happened to this magazine?  It use to be great in the late 20th century, but it is very small and does not give a lot of knowledge of what I am interested in.  We use to get this in the 60s and 70s and all of the males in my family read and reread most of the copies.  It is ok, but not great.
The  selection of the articles is  really wide for these magazine, I will preffer they will be more especific, however  it's a general publication  and the articles are up to date.-
Its hard to review something you havent received yet. I dont know when it will come in the mail. I am looking forward to it coming, but until I get it, I cant give an opinion.
I've found that I don't spend much time with my subscription. I'm a science/tech geek but the topics that are covered for cover stories just haven't really grabbed me since I got the subscription.  If in a desperate situation the read is interesting & informative, but I can't say that it's felt compelling to me.
The mag was good, but a lot of times they just drag way to long a such a little subject.
It's not really the magazine that Dad used to get but I do still like to see the innovation in a down to Earth level. I do like it and think that it is worth the price.
my husband says this magazine is no longer what it used to be and he will not renew it.  This is not the fault of Amazon.
Honestly, I appreciate the very indepth articles, the reviews, and the advertisements.  I like this magazine, and would recommend it to anyone just entering the photography field via the digital camera.  The articles provide a lot of training tools to increase your style, and learn your craft.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this magazine.  I'm glad it only cost me $5.00 for a year subscription!  There are TONS of advertisements throughout these magazines.  I liked reading the articles that were in them - which weren't really that many.  The ONLY plus side to the advertisements is seeing the many types of cameras out there.
Average mag that covers the basics and generally places more emphasis on the latest toys/gear and not really all that much on "photography" other than how to crop and adjust the color balance here and there.Popular photography is heavily loaded with ads.  Once you've acquired your camaera and basic equipment, there really is no need for anything more than  a one year subscription as the articles start to repeat themselves under a "new" same headline... e.g. "How to make your colors vibrant" or "how to take control of color" or How to make the colors "pop" or "secrets of color photography" yada, yada yada...essential the same thing.If you need photographic inspiration slightly more emphasis on "photography" and works by others I'd go for "American Photo". If you want more info on the latest gear, go for Shutterbug.They're all quite similar at the end of the day.Personally, I learn more about photography by critically studying the amazing photos in National Geographics or just looking at weekly photos in a weekly issue of Time magazine.
This is a great deal on this magazine.  I think you could even find it for less than $1 per issue.  So, the value of the magazine is fantastic.  However, I think the content leaves something to be desired.  I have subscribed for several years and I have two major critiques:1.  I can read the entire magazine (obviously excluding all the ads) in one sitting.  I wish there was more actual content.2.  The content that is there can be very repetitive.  For instance, every year there's an article on how to photograph fireworks, one on how to photograph animals, etc.  It seems to be a lot of the same information repackaged.That said, some of my favorite features are:1.  Great gear reviews.  They are very thorough in their testing of equipment.2.  Variety of articles ... instructional, theoretical, artistic, practical, Q&A;, etc.Great bang for the buck!
Years ago, when time was young and so was I, I subscribed to Popular Photography and learned very much from it.  I didn't throw the magazines away until we started making cross country moves.  I was looking forward to getting reacquainted, but it's not the same magazine.  It seems to me that now it is too much oriented toward the professional photographer, or toward someone who has a lot more money to invest in photography than I do.  It's okay, but I won't renew.
I got this subscription for an awesome deal, so it was worth it. However, as far as useful content, it's only okay. I like the UK photography magazines better since they're filled with less ads and have better articles. Overall this is a great casual reader.
This is a good magazine. They have redone the inside since the last time I read it. The format is much better now.
I really enjoyed the segments where they tested out new cameras and lenses. I liked the part of the magazine that listed all the current cameras and rated them. But overall, I didn't think the magazine was that great. Definitely too many ads. I enjoyed it for over a year, but I won't be re-subscribing to it.
Everything about this magazine is 'OK' but somehow I didn't feel that it was what I was looking for. They seem to have everything: Product reviews, articles, "how-To's" and all that but here's what I didn't like:* much too few product articles* some articles are just not that interesting (to me)* 'how-to' articles are not very detailed. To me they seem not practical enough* this magazine seems to think that the only processing software out there is Photoshop. This is very annoying - all software 'how-to' guides are for PS only.So basically I have been getting this magazine for the last 6 months or so but have not decided yet if I want to keep getting it and I'm looking for an alternative magazine that will be more practical: have more reviews, more interesting articles and hands on type of how-to guides.
I'm a few issues into my subscription and I'd have to say that its worth the extremely low initial subscription price I was offered when I bought my new DSLR through Amazon.  That's purposely faint praise.  The self-help/instructional content is pretty sparce and it seems like the main focus of this periodical is to push new gear.If the renewal price stays low, I'll probably stick with it, as its a light read and somewhat motivating to keep up with the latest in the business.  However, if the price goes up, I'll likely switch to one of the more serious photography magazines like Lenswork.
I've been a reader of Popular Photography for some time and find it useful, but certainly not perfect.  The strength of the magazine is that the testing of cameras and related gear is very quantitative in nature and allows you to compare similar products objectively.  This is obviously the first priority of the editorial staff and they do a good job of it.  The only thing I would fault on their reviews is that they aren't always pointed enough in pointing out one product's shortcomings compared to others in the same category.  They do, however, offer more of this type of feedback than just about any other magazine I've seen so it is a relative weakness at worst.  Some magazines, like Shutterbug, just offer gushing subjective reviews for every product they cover and Popular Photography definitely lives up to a much higher standard.With regard to the remaining content, the magazine plummets in terms of quality.  There are frequent "how to" articles that have sunk to a point of being almost laughable.  Never a strong point, in the past six months I've seen more and more articles demonstrating techniques to achieve an effect in some photo that I would delete if I had taken it... yet it's held up as some sort of shining goal that I should aspire to.  It seems to this reader that the editorial staff needs a good shake up and the magazine a good going-over from top to bottom to get things on track.Overall, I consider this magazine worth subscribing to.  But only barely.  At the low per-issue cost of a subscription I'll get enough product information to make it worth my while.  But if you aren't into photo gear and have no intention of buying a camera in the next year or so I don't think I'd recommend it for you.
I got this for one year and initially I liked it.  It had lots of good review of DLSR camera and equipment and some good articles.  Then it got to be full of information of the micro four thirds camera stuff of which I have no interest so I did not renew my subscription.
Popular Photography is basically a collection of advertisements with a few photography articles thrown in to fill out the page count. Good if you are starting in photography and need to buy stuff. Not too good if you want usable information. I doubt that I will renew my subscription when the present one runs out.
Helpful, but would like more practical tips and information on how to take good photographs and digitally enhance them--and fewer pages devoted to ads.
The magazine is great.  Order processing was fast.  but, I'm trying to buy an extension to my current subscription and it's not clear from the Amazon interface if it really worked.  I'm still getting notifications from the magazine to extend.  So the proof will have to to wait until my next issue comes to see if the subscription end date is extended or if I get two copies.  So,...it would be really nice if on subscription extensions, a notification from either Amazon or the publisher would indicate that the extension actually worked.
I have subscribed to Popular Photography for about 5 years. I intend to continue subscribing because it has the most product reveiws of any photo magazine that I have encountered. It allows me to keep up with what's new in the way of equipment. Of particular interest are the lens tests. Pop Photo tests most new lenses for 35 mm cameras, which is more than any other source that I know of.Now to the bad part: I find that the articles that are not related to products reviews are primarily intended for novices, and they are very repetitive. If you've subscribed for more than a year, you will find that many basic subjects are treated over and over again. And I have always been disappointed in the subjects of the articles, which are just very unimaginative. Photography is such a huge subject, with many interesting and idiosyncratic techniques available. There is no need to stick to the same handful of subjects. It's uninspirational, and it's bad editing, frankly. I do like Herb Keppler's monthly column. He's a plain-spoken guy who usually has something useful to say. More evidence of editorial laziness is that Pop Photo essentially puts their annual product guides in the magazine. This means that several of their issues are dominated by pages and pages of charts telling you what is available this year in SLR's, point-and-shoots, film, zoom lenses, etc. There is very little else in those issues. Other magazines put their product guides in a separate publication that is available on the newsstand.In summary, Pop Photo has a wide audience and a lot of potential, but needs a better Editor. The product reviews and tests are worth the price of the subscription to me, but that is really what the magazine excells at.
I've subscribed to PPI off and on for many years (including when it was Pop. Photog.).  I agree with the reviewer who said that reviewers tend to be mostly positive about reviewed products--however, they're better than they used to be and do, in fact, mention problems.  In addition some other photog. mags simply don't do bad reviews at all.  One of the rationales photog mags sometimes use is that they don't want to publicize bad products so they don't review them.  Hmmmm...Also, it's true that many articles are superficial or rehashes of past "how-to" articles for near beginners, but they do sometimes cover other aspects of photography, and they do have profiles of photographers and their work from a variety of different fields, which I find interesting.My biggest gripe with PPI is that they are hyperbolic about any new development or product, so there is a lot of: "We finally got our hands on the new Kamera S&M2000; which is now the top of Kamera's line.  Kamera has completely redisigned the grip which is now a different shape and has a small patch of nubbly rubber on it.  And we were surprised to discover that the button for releasing the flash is now mounted on the SIDE of the camera!"  Etc., etc.  Everything new is incredible, stunning, radical, amazing, worth a close look, etc.  Truly radical developments just don't happen once/month like clockwork in photography, but they go for headlines instead of stories in depth....Also a pain are evaluations of color films with numerous side by side shots all limited by the magazine printing process and many of which look nearly identical...which is a tad funny, actually.Bottom line is: read it for a year and then subscribe to something else for a while.  Helps to get more info and you can compare different approaches by mag editors that way.
I have been a subscriber for more years than I care to remember. Back when Herbert Kepler was at Modern Photography even. I don't have a problem with repetition and basic photography articles. I've found there is always something to learn even from the basics. I really miss Kepler and Cora Wright Kennedy. They always had something interesting and useful to say, and they spoke primarily to amateurs. What bugs me about Pop Photo now is that it has succumbed to two things. First is that the content is driven more by the graphic design artists who design the magazine layout rather than the photographers who write for it. Second, it has decided that the average photographer has the attention span of six-month old child. Most of the articles are ridiculously short and give just a smattering of information. Those of you who have been in photography for a lot of years may remember "Photograpic Magazine" by Petersen Publishing. That was the best magazine ever. The articles were probably four to five times longer than Pop Photo's, and they were loaded with information. Unfortunately we will probably never see the likes of that magazne again. Actually, my wish is that someone would start a photo magazine dedicated to the amateur photographer and would use writers who actually use the camera gear that most people can afford. I won't hold my breath on that one.
This is an adequate source of basic information with decent illustrations, but helpful copy is clearly secondary to advertising. In its favor, it is a survivor. Not many photography magazines have manages the transition from film to digital as well as Pop Photo.
The magazine is targeted to the beginner/prosumer in my opinion. It's good and light reading. Full of ads though. I agree with the other reviewer that it gets repetitive after a while, especially if you photography skills are a big advanced.
I was a little disaapointed in this magazine... over half of the magazine is ads..... there are maybe 4-5 main articles in each issue.... just seems a little light on subject matter.... would love to see more on getting better photos in tough situations... new technology and overall more information on photography....if you like to check out the ads on new photography equipment then you'll love this magazine... otherwise I say pass....
I subscribe to this magazine.....Its good skimming through type of stuff.Everynow and then a helpful article comes along.  Mostly, its always about Canon and Nikon, with press releases included for other manufacturers.I just renewed, for the heck of it, but it is just recycled articles from the previous year, i.e. a review of last year's replacement rebel, etc.  I liked it better when they had articles like day in the life of a paparazzo, a playboy photographer, NFL photographer, etc.Even the shooter of the year is online.This mag has a shelf life of about 2 more years before its all digital.Shutterbug blows it away.
I find the issues have a bit more content than in the past, which is why I gave it a 3 star rating.
it's a good news for loyal fans of the magazine like me. though it'd be pity that no international offer currently..
Magazine keeps you in touch with respect to new equipment (i.e., advertisments especially but also product reviews) and some technique. But just too many damn advertisements.
PopSci is more a lightweight treatment of interesting and diverse science, tech, machine and industrial topics.  Other pubs will allow for more in-depth analysis.  PopSci is a good read for broad overviews and timely innovation coverage.I do wonder why it falls under "Men's Interests" as a category.  I know lots of women who read it.  And men who knit.  Just sayin, Amazon.
Great for laymen interested in technology.  VERY heavy on advertising, light on news and products.
I would give it more stars if my husband actually read it. But, he likes receiving it in the mail and a few months later we donate it, but oh well.
Not good, not bad.  It does give you a look into the lastest products but its usually just 2-4 pages long and the descriptions are about a paragraph.  It was ok.  If you're bored or have time, then get this mag.  But most likely you have better things to do or find a better magazine.  To be fair, it would be good for someone who is not very tech savy.
Like me, a magazine called Popular Science has been around for a long time. I've always been a hands-on type, and Popular Science used to be THE magazine for folks like me. Unfortunately while keeping the same name this magazine stopped showing readers how to do things and started only displaying new products. Period.I have difficulty paying for a magazine that contains nothing but advertisements. Fortunately it was cheap.
A lot advertising. I didn t find many interesting articles.  Will not renew my subscription. Different than what I thought.
I had a subscription to this magazine for ten years, and loved every page of every isue- but, thay changed in the last year or so to trying to be more "hip" ;it doesent have the same information it once had, still good and shiny stuff inside, just not enough to warent twenty-four bucks for me. oh well.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I ORDERED THIS MAGAZINE. MAYBE I THOUGHT IT WOULD HAVE MORE INTERESTING TOPICS OR SOME TWILGHT ZONE TYPE STORIES OR SOMETHING. MY BAD. SOMEONE WHO IS A SCIENCE NUT WILL PROBABLY LOVE THE MAGAZINE, JUST NOT FOR ME, SORRY.
After payment by Amazon, Popular Science has billed me three times at a higher rate.I will not renew, I would like to cancel.The magazine is fine, the billing is offensive, and incompetent.
This is a great magazine for those who want to find out about current scientific topics but do no want to delve into the complexity of scientific matter like Scientific American.:)
If every enlargement and bedtime play ad worked, every scientist and tinkerer would be the stud of the world. It is as if they still think women could never be interested in reading a magazine like this. If you can ignore the ads, the articles are good and useful. However, at the time I'm writing this, you still have to pay extra to get the digital subscription. So, it is a good lunch or bath time read.
Good price, but they sent two back issues along with the August issue so I am already one fourth of the year through.
This magazine is cool, but seems shallow. I wish they went more in depth. Still, an interesting read every once in a while.I recommend still.
The magazine is mostly ads, and even the articles seem to be mostly about products. I just feel like I'm the subject of marketing when I read it.
I ordered my subscription a month ago and today I just received not one but three magazines all at once.  One was last month's, one this month's and one for next month.  Why did I get sent expired magazines?  I had already seen last month's and this month's issues at the library. Did I get sent old issues cause they were about to be recycled?  Well I guess Istill have nine more left.
Quality of magazine is below my expectation. Seems many articles were written by kids (or fresh college graduates) . Besides, it blends in too much ideology in the contents. If without the excellent article in the last issue about the &#34;battery&#34; (forget the exact title), I'd cancel my subscription because even my children do not read it.I keep the subscription because it's cheap and for the occational good articles.
Very informative magazine, one of the top best in the field. Great for the layman.
Popular Science, one of many that does this. After about 2-3 weeks after you order it, you will receive 3 different copies of Popular Science. One that is current (selling in book stores) and the 2 month before that one.Let's say your first copy comes May 25, you will get July, June, and May. Most all magazines ship new ones 45 days before the month comes.So your 12 issue order is only 10. Ok if you don't like old news and don't mind getting ripped off.If you call them, they might change the exp. date. They did for me.Over all I like Popular Science.
I've enjoyed Popular Science for years and this is the first time I have subscribed to it. I am very glad to have it delivered to my home. I am a little disappointed that it doesn't contain as much information as it used to.
This is a good magazine to read. There are better science magazines out there, but they cost more money. This is a good deal for the price.
I have read PopSci for decades, and so quickly started a subscription for my son at age 10 when he showed interest. The articles are very good, but the advertisments are riddled with sexual peformace boosting products of all sorts.I think that PopSci has a responsibility to consider that it is read by and marketed to children as well as adults, and should take a closer look at its sponsors. I couldn't let him bring it to school without ripping out pages first. I haven't noticed this problem with other periodicals of the same standing. By the way, when I contacted PopSci about my concerns about this, I received no response. Do advertisers come before the reading public?
I am the kind of person who has a big interest in science, mechanics, and nature, but let's just say I'm not rocket science material. This magazine was perfect for me because it covered all sorts of subjects in layman's terms. I saw it in a doctor's office so I subscribed to it. Never got it. Called. Delayed. It should arrive any day. Never got it I had checked "Bill me later " on the order form intending to pay it once I received it. But I never got it. So I didn't pay. And they sent me to collections. It's too bad because my family and I really like it and I'd recommend the mag otherwise.
I believed this magazine to be more into science but it turned out to be a venture into "here's paper for paper airplanes" and "look at this guy who invented a shower that recycles water" as opposed to actual biology or physics and so on.
There is never enough stuff in it. They are really thin and a lot of it is ads. But the stuff that is cool, is pretty cool.
I bought the subscription for my husband.  He reads it but, he did not want me to renew the subscription.
I guess we live in the "sound bite" generation.  It seems like we expect every form of media to present everything in three to five minute sound predigested form.  That is exactly what you get with "Popular Science."  Perhaps in our busy world we can only take things in such short bites.  If so, this magazine is perfect for the person who only has fifteen minutes to catch up on the state of science.I looked through various issues of "Popular Science" and began with the table of contents.  I see an article about weapons in space, and the table of contents shows that the article is eight pages long.  That sounds interesting.  I flip over to the article and find that the total amount of print fills just about two pages, and the rest is pictures.  I think I have read longer articles about space weapons in the non-science magazine "Time."  Perhaps this article was a fluke, so I flip to "The Worst Jobs in Science."This seven page article has more print.  This article has nearly four pages of actual writing.  Wow.  I am impressed.  Of course, this in depth article contains tidbits about what it is like to be an orangutan pee collector.  I will admit that this article did use some scientific words like "ketone" and "reproductive-hormone levels."  I was feeling more scientific at this point.  I decide to see what else the magazine has to offer.I start flipping pages and see all sorts of product advertisements.  There must be more articles.  Wait.  Those are not advertisements; they are descriptions of high tech toys.  I only thought they were advertisements because they looked like advertisements.In fairness to "Popular Science," I am guessing that their target audience wants stuff munched into digestible little articles so that they can grasp just a teeny bit about a subject in about two minutes.  Obviously you are not going to become an expert in a few minutes.  The article above did not explain what "ketone" was (this is where you go hit the internet and find out what ketone is, assuming you really want to know), and what ketone tells scientists.  However, if you want to be informed about something, but you only want to know it exists without knowing the how or why, then this magazine is probably perfect for you.  Perhaps you can even impress your guests by leaving this magazine on the coffee table.  Unless they are scientists or engineers, of course, then you may want to move your copy to another place until they are gone.
I don't care for the layout. There seems to be an advertisement on every other page. I have only read two issues so far and I can't think of one article that stands out. I got this for $5 for a years subscription so I can't really complain. Will update my review after a few more issues.
I expected more from this magazine. Some articles are great, but there is a lot of advertisement, and some of the articles have very strong agenda that goes counter to general message of the magazine. Quality of the paper is flimsy. A lot of tech-related things. I expected more of the actual science, in a easily-digestible format. However, for the price, and considering that science is ironically not very popular, it's good enough for the time being and keeps me entertained. Will switch back to &#34;discover&#34; more likely, unless the quality of this magazine improves soon.
The past year's magazine seems rather light on content/depth in its articles, as compared to the same magazine 10-15 year's ago.
Popular Science was one of the first magazines I subscribed to when I was in my early teens, early 1970's.  It was a well written magazine with interesting articles targeted at average reading abilities.  I loved it then, and it has helped keep me lightly informed on most of the innovative technological advances of the last 40 years.  Unfortunately, this magazine, along with others like Popular Mechanics, were bought out by large companies, who did not maintain the same standards, but are maxamizing their profit at the expense of quality.  Among the many cost cutting initiatives, they have shrunk the font size to the point I can barely read the print.  Yes I know they print denials of this regularly, but I have a few old magazines I can compare the new ones with, and the font is undeniably much smaller now.  Also, the content is about 1/3 that of the older magazines.  The paper is thinner and cheaper, and this accounts for some of the thinning of the magazine, but not this much.  There are usually only two or three major articles, and the many of the rest appear to be copied right off the internet.Sorry Popular Science, I have many fond memories of you, but like a loved relative with dementia, Although still living, you are a shadow of your former self.
Received 3 different issues on 3 consecutive days. Publisher mailed old issues that I had already read thus reducing a one year subscription to 9 months.
The magazine is okay. It took 3 1/2 months to get the first issue but it finally came. This is not Amazon's fault though as they have no control over the magazine company.
Some issues are great;others are rather mediocre.  Still, it is probably worth the subscription price for those interested in keeping abreast of scientific developments.
I enjoyed my subscription to this magazine, but the layout and ads really detracted from the editorial content. So much so that I'm not renewing my subscription. First off, the layout. It's incredibly busy, no white space, and the colors often conflict. It's just plain UGLY. Oddly, the covers are always very eye-catching. Do they have a different team work on them? And the ads. Don't get me started on the ads. Viagra, Viagra, Viagra, gold coins, gold coins... Viagra. With the assorted rip-offs and obvious scams, they really take away from the reader/editorial trust. I know times are hard in the print business, but I think they should have some kind of standard. So unless you're a 50+ man with erectile dysfunction, and you are an avid coin collector, you might want to skip this magazine. I recently bought an issue of Discover at the airport and really enjoyed it. Not quite the same topics, but close enough. And of course there's Wired, which I count as the gold standard.
Pop Sci has been one of my favorite periodicals since childhood. It continues to bring the best of what Science has to offer.
I do not remember purchasing this product as a renewal, so be sure you want to have it automatically renewed.  The product itself is okay, but my husband is the one who reads it.  He seems to like it.
Great mag for kids and adults alike. Kids drink it up and can't wait for the next issue each month! Great price too. Thanks, Amazon!
I purchased this to look through with  my 6 year old son. It's an OK magazine, it has some nice articles in it, and clear photos - it's great for him to flick through. But it's thin, and FULL of advertising (a lot of cigarettes). I'm not sure it's worth having a subscription too, even though it's very cheap, the exposure to things like cigarette advertising may not be worth the limited amount of information presented in it.
Lots of learning opportunities for any age reader.  I do not approve of some of the ads for young readers in our school library.
The magazine can become a bit one sided and drag to long a single subject. Though it is always nice to learn about new things coming about in the world today!
It is not the greatest magazine in the world but for $5 a year It is worth looking at.  You only get what you pay for.I think this magazine was better many years ago.
Every once in a while, this magazine produces a truly great or fascinating article. Unfortunately, now that I have a subscription, I have realized that the bulk of the articles are very mundane, contain no references or studies, and sometimes purport to have conclusions which are drawn from nowhere. I agree with other reviewers that you could find most of these articles/tidbits in Cosmo or Glamour...Moreover, I have noticed that psychology today has a free website that contains the majority of their past articles, so check that out before you waste money and paper on a hard copy subscrption.Only read if you feel like you would welcome a discussion point. I am going to sign up for something a little more academic.
I have yet to begin receiving this magazines issues-I ordered this approximately 8-10 weeks ago.
I'm a long-time reader of PT--I just read Aaron Knoll's review. I must agree in many respects. Since Daniel Goleman left the editorship of PT, it seems to me to have slid continually away from sound, scientific (insofar as the Art of Psychology can go), in the direction of the trendy, dare I say, Aquarian approach to life. There isn't really a substitute for the magazine, so I'd certainly like to see it become a little less like Soap Opera Digest. (I'm about to renew my subsceiption though!)
Psychology Today is truly a magazine for persons who want some information about psychology without going to school and studying psychology. Therefore, there are going to be two mindsets about this magazine: The psychology students and professionals will think this too fluffy and stuffed with ads; and the everyday man on the street will say, "Wow! That was a pretty good article. I learned something."My own experience is similar to the gentleman who purchased a three year subscription to Psychology Today and then wound up tossing it away more and more as his formal studies gave him an in depth education of psychology and how it is used. I loved this magazine when I was a teenager planning to work with people to help them solve their problems. However, these days as someone who has a master's in social work I would probably not get much out of the magazine.The ads are certainly numerous and you get the feeling that Psychology Today wedges in just enough articles to keep subscribers interested while selling ad space to make big bucks. That's a shame.Overall, this magazine is best suited for the everyday man on the street who has not studied psychology and who does not plan on studying psychology. These people will get a lot more out of their subscriptions to this magazine. I recommend this for the layman while students of psychology at the college or postgraduate level would do well to skip this one.Three stars.
I was disapointed with this Issue -- March 2005 -- as there was in my opinnion an excessive ammount of ads and not a lot of information. However I did find what little information there was -- to be very interesting and worth the read. But it was not enough to fulfil my mind's 'psychological' craving for information.
At first i was excited to find a magazine devoted to the interesting field of psychology, unfortunately, i ordered a subscription of Psychology Today, before i found Scientific American Mind.Psychology Today is a pop-magazine with much emphasis on day-to-day selfconfidence struggles. Some of the information presented is worth reading, but it's just not worthy of bearing it's name in that it portrays psychology as something superficial, and as if it were an exercise in highschool conversation; discussing why one person is more popular than the other.It's a mundane, practical how-to magazine without much depth.
Now, let me say that if you are looking for scientific data, or read hard core studies, this isn't the magazine you are going to pick up.  I have a subscription to the magazine and I enjoy it from a light reading perspective.  Most articles involve topics that relate you to friends and family.I enjoy their monthly question and answer section the most, I find that in that area they do address deeper topics.  While its not super serious study, it does make for some interesting reading.
I had a subscription to this as a teenager and loved it. In the dark ages before the internet, I anticipated its arrival every month with enthusiasm and hungrily devoured each new issue. I'd have to credit Psychology Today with giving me a reasonably solid foundation for understanding human nature, something that I too often take for granted in adulthood.Recently, feeling nostalgic while browsing my local library, I picked up the latest issue. Obvious fluff, every bit of it! Common sense with bright pictures! What had happened to the quality of the magazine I'd once loved?Nothing had happened at all, I realized. I just grew up. At some point, common sense does indeed become common--if you learn it in the first place. This was a great magazine for me as a teen, but not at all interesting as an adult.But then, I outgrew Sesame Street Magazine even earlier. Maybe I'll show PT to my own teenage children. I suspect they might love it as much as I did!
I ordered this subscription because it was a great price..2 years $8.00. For me it is a quick read and I like the recipes. Disposable entertainment
I ordered Redbook about a month ago, and have still not recieved my first issue. I tried not giving it any stars, becuase I dont know if i like it, but Amazon wont let me, so I gave it 3.  When it finally comes, I think I will like it, so I hate to give it a 1 or 2.
We just received this magazine a few days ago. So it took over a month to get the first issue. Not too happy about that, but they did let you know it might take 4 to 6 weeks for the first issue to arrive. The magazine is not too fancy. The pages are very thin, but the articles are pretty good so far
But they seem to be getting chinzy. Not as good as they use to be years ago.  Won't buy again.
We have been married a little over a year and I thought this would be a good magazine for young married women (aka my beautiful wife) but from what she says its... "meh".
This magazine is only ok.  You really need to set aside time to read it because it's got lots of pages of advertisements and products spotlights.  I wouldn't renew this magazine.
I used to like the magazine but have decided not to renew this year and a big part of that is the amount of advertising in the book.Recommending products and pricing it out is still a form of advertisement and I'm overwhelmed by the amount of make up and beauty products. Some of the articles I liked but it's been hit or miss lately.Stripping for cash was a little over the top but most of the time I flip through it and throw it away the same day I get it in the mail. Sad really.In the future if I see an article worth reading I will pick it up at the grocery store but I don't plan on subscribing again.
I think redbook has more ads than articles and more spam than an email sometimes. I like to read real things and they always have those crazy diet supplement ads in there that scam people by saying dr oz approved. A magazine should not carry ads for products it wont stand by even if they need the money
Redbook magazine is not what it used to be.  Good thing I got it cheap.  Don't bother with this one.
I received my December issue 2 weeks after getting the January issue, I guess because I'm a new subscriber. So far I find the magazine to have more advertizing than content. Not sure if I will subscribe again.
Some of the articles are interesting, but you have to shuffle through a lot of ads. Would like to have more coupons.
I don't remember ordering this or allowing it to be sent to my house in a renewal contract.  it is not in my name so would appreciate that it be canceled after this mailing period.
I like the magazine, but it's oriented to a different demographics... totally my fault. But overall, a good read for the month! worth the price
Was told to wait 6 weeks before I see the first copy...So, I'm waiting to see it.No negative feelings yet...
It is hard to rate a product that has not been recd.  Ordered this Mag subscription on 10-11-11 and have been informed that I can't expect my first copy until Feb 2012. WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW.
I have not received this yet!!I will receive this sometime after the New year!!But it was a great buy for the issue price!
This mag. is fun to read and has good recipes.  Also, the subscription was inexpensive.
Auto renewal for magazines is a bad idea, because Amazon does not tell you what price they are renewed at.
It is alright. I like other magazines better. Ones with more things for the house. Also ones about clothes and household hints.
Every month you get recipes, styling tip, home dec ideas, and lifestyle articles. This mag is geared toward a slightly younger audience than the above, and is pretty explicit in the sex articles. I gifted my mom with a subscription (at 71) thinking she'd enjoy it; fortunately I was the only one who ever read it! She would have considered these articles pornography!I'm not so interested in the style, celebrity, and makeup so it's so-so for me, but it's probably great for those who are.
Not sure if its a good magazine yet, but the price i got it for was great so i thought i would try it
I bought this subscription because I love to read and it was available at a great price. It targets married women with kids. I can relate to some of the articles but not all. Overall ok.
I like the articles, but I'm very disappointment with the magazine.  I noticed they been publishing the same articles over and over again. I just got my March 2011 magazine and the articles are the same one from couple months ago. It's seems that they only thing they did is change the cover.  I look forward reading the new articles, and not same ones I read couple months ago.
Purchased a two year subscription of Redbook magazine on October 31st.  Expected first issue in December.  Instead received postcard from Redbook stating my first issue would be the February issue. Postcard said demand greater than copies available from latest printing. ??  Why not print more?  Will wait but will keep this in mind for any renewal.
On the whole, Reptiles magazine is *not* really worth it for more advanced herpers. There's a preponderance of articles that relate primarily to care of animals; this is not bad, but myself, I prefer to read about an animals natural ecology and habitat (and microhabitat) and behaviours, and figure out the care from that information; it works just as well if not better, and allows one to actually learn about animals rather than following cookie cutter information.Furthermore, there is a focus on easier species. This isn't really a bad thing per se; I'm happy that the novice keeper is bombarded with info on easier species, maybe it'll help keep them from getting in over thier heads with harder species. It's just that I don't really want to read another article over caring for Lampropeltis or Elaphe every month.That said, sometimes Reptiles has a great article; some time ago they did a multiple issue article over african varanids (focusing savs and whitethroats, but dealing with most species) that was really wonderfull. They've done great articles on jumping vipers, and conservation issues. Also, they have some really fairly interesting stories about people's interaction with herps. It's worth picking up maybe every few months, but I don't subscribe.
I found Rolling Stone to NOT live up to it's name.  IT focused on bands that already get too much press.  The few interesting bands these days that got ANY press, Strokes, White Stripes, etc...  Were hidden away in little corners of the magazine.  Only get this subscription if you're interested in the larger/SUPER current acts: Alicia Keys, Britney Spears, N*Sync, Eminem, etc...  For that, it's great.  If you want a step in the other direction, try SPIN.  Other than that, you'll have to search locally.... ~Andy (I prefer SPIN.)
When I thought of Rolling Stone Magazine, I thought that it would be a magazine that would be really critical of music.  I thought that when I read it, it would tell me what is really highly regarded in music, versus what is definitely worth skipping.  To my disappointment, it seems that if something in music has been produced- it'll receive a benign review.  I think the redeeming part of this magazine is an advice column from "Dr. Ozzy" Osbourne. VERY funny.
Rolling Stone was conceived in the '80s as a counterculture music magazine. It covered acts like the Grateful Dead, CSNY, the Rolling Stones (of course), and the Jimi Hendrix Experience when they weren't part of the pop culture spectrum. Rolling Stone started out as trippy.Rolling Stone has changed a great deal since its '60s-70s heyday. It is now more of a nostalgia magazine (like their self-adulating 40th anniversary issue,with Baby Boomers like Al Gore, Mick Jagger,etc) It still cares about acts like AC/DC,Bon Jovi,and Guns n' Roses,when young people have moved on. Rolling Stone faces a great challenge- young people's musical tastes are more varied. The iPod has individualized music. The songs dominating iTunes range from High School Musical/Camp Rock/Jonas Brothers songs to the latest rap hit. There's also a great deal of world music available,from the hippieish Putumayo World Music to the hip Six Degrees Records,and Oxfam has their own acoustic "unplugged" label. It's hard to cover such a broad spectrum.Rolling Stone has also gotten more political-- probably meriting another magazine in itself. I have no problems with musicians having political views,or music magazines having politics,but Rolling Stone stumbles.Rolling Stone still has hilarious reviews--for music and movies. Their snack-size review of "Everything is illuminated" was pithy,funny,and memorable. I might not always agree with their music reviews, but they're good for some insight or a laugh.Rolling Stones gather no moss. Unfortunately,this one has. Sort of.
Whoever is handling the subscription fulfillment for this magazine should be ashamed. I literally received a &#34;renewal&#34; notice after only 1 month of a 12 month subscription. Those continued to come in the mail at regular intervals during the entire subscription, along with email notifications...I was so annoyed by this that I contacted the provider and requested to be added to a Do Not Contact list which clearly didn't help.Not only is it wasteful to send so many paper notification, it's obnoxious and thoughtless on RS part.This ultimately resulted in me NOT renewing the subscription. That's right, the constant barrage of &#34;your subscription is running out&#34; ended in me actually hating the subscription service. For a progressive magazine, the way in which it's delivered and maintained is so half-assed it's absurd!
For a long time Rolling Stone has been one of the most popular magazines when it comes to music, politics, and popular culture in general. There's a lot of good things about it. For example, they often have some really great writers (I mean, this is the magazine that brought us Hunter S. Thompson). And then on the other hand, well, I don't know the most eloquent way to put this, but there's a lot of things about this magazine that kinda suck.One of the things that's really weird about Rolling Stone is that you can't really tell who it's written for. It seems like they're trying to write the magazine for everybody, but it just ends up seeming like it was written for nobody.  They do cover stories on a lot of tween garbage like High School Musical and Fall Out Boy and then there will be stuff about these old dinosaur bands. It seems like it's very rare that there's a cover story about something that's both new and good.And speaking of older bands, the magazine pretty much worships them. That's fine in some ways, but they really overpraise the work of older musicians who are no longer doing anything musically interesting while ignoring a lot of great new stuff. The most popular example is when they gave three stars to Nirvana's Nevermind when it came out. And then they hilariously made a couple of additional reviews later on where they backpedal and gave it a higher score. They do that with their end of the year music lists too. "Oh woops, we gave that Of Montreal album three stars, but it's pretty popular so let's put it in our Top 50 of the year list." And those aren't the only two examples of that. From what I've seen, if Rolling Stone gives an album a three star rating, you should just assume that it's going to be awesome. And if they give an album a five star rating, you should just assume that it's by Bob Dylan.Also, some of the praise given to really weak bands or bands that are really established makes me question the magazine. You have to wonder where the criticism stops and where the magazine just becomes a promotional tool.Some of the political writing in here is pretty good. It skews heavily to the left and that might bother some people, but the writing is often very well done.I've noticed that there's frequently these really kind of tabloid-y stories in here. That sounds bad, but the writers have a knack for keeping up with stories that read like they should be in the most awesome tabloid paper ever. For example, there was a story in here about an underage gay porn actor that was linked to the murder of his producer. There's often one story like this per issue and I really love that stuff.Reviews for film and TV are usually a little more in touch with the present than their music reviews. They usually give praise to stuff that is actually good.So yeah, there's a lot of problems with the magazine, but at the end of the day, you have a pretty decent amount of good reading material here for a very cheap price. On a scale of one to ten, I rate it "something to read on the toilet."
Nice to use the auto-renewal in most cases.  Only problem is when you don't want to renew but then forget about it.  But otherwise, i like it.
The 6 for $1 deal is the only reason I would ever buy Rolling Stone.  Like people have been saying, the magazine is really no longer a legitimate music source.  Go buy Blender or Alternative Press instead.
Great price on the subscription but the magazine seems to be lacking so far. First I got three issues in the first few weeks, nothing like sending you a few unwanted past issues to speed up your expiration date. Next the articles lack substance. On the plus side the reviews are good.
I bought this to extend my r.s. subscription. Instead now II am gettint 2(two) of the same magazine every delivery! Apparently they are too stupid to figure out the same name amd same address should be extended not duplicated.
It was nice to get my first copy, but within a week I had four copies sitting on the coffee table.  Seems they start sending back copies every day or so.
No other magazine more closely parallels the history of rock and roll.  It's own history like the music it covers has gone through numerous transitions over the years.  Rolling Stone has grown from a gritty cutting-edge journal that covered the rock and roll revolution from a run-down loft office in San Francisco to a slick, corporate, money-making machine.  That said, Rolling Stone has in-depth articles on the latest and greatest in rock and roll as well as historical pieces, some political articles, and lots of great photos.  If you're into rock and roll for the rebellion, don't buy Rolling Stone, you'll need to save all your money to buy a time machine.  But if you want to know what's going on in the infotainment industry, this is a great place to start.
rolling stone is pretty good if you like to read about current bands and stuff. i only got it because i got a code to get a year of rolling stone for only 1 dollar. i get it every week. it's a good magazine but not my favorite.
I bought a subscription for my girlfriend. I was really excited about it because of how much I loved Rolling Stone over the years. Sadly I am not a fan of the new format nearly as much. The smaller magazine size and what seems to be a larger ad over article ratio. There is still some juicy worthwhile reading just not a cover to cover read for every issue like it used to be. I guess we are just seeing the end of the glossy print. I for one will surely miss it. For the price I paid it was still worth it. Just not as amazing as the Rolling Stone of old. You will be forever missed.
I don't have much to say about this magazine. I haven't read much of it because I already have plenty of other material and work to read on subway trains and other means of mass transportation. That said, the little I have managed to read is okay.  It's not spectacular, but I guess I'm not a pop culture guy.Peace.
Rolling Stone use to cover rock music at one time. That is the reason I subscribed. When did Kanye West become rock music? YUCK! The articles about John Lennon were very good. Otherwise the magazine sucks.
I've been reading Rolling Stone since I was a teenager and now that I am in my 30s, I can probably count much of my review as the effects of time.  But it does seem like the quality of Rolling Stone has slipped a bit over the years.  I can't say for certain if its just that I am older, that we have shorter attention spans so the writing is different, or if the magazine has just not aged well.As far as an issue by issue thing goes, Rolling Stone probably isn't a must read for music any longer, but they still do some really great political reporting.  If you just get the magazine for that, it is probably worth the price of the subscription.Be warned that a paper subscription doesn't come with the benefit of a digital subscription being included.
RS seems to offer more advertising than good articles.  It's been 15 years since I last subscribed- and I stopped at that time for the same reason I want to possibly stop now: MORE ads and not enough articles.Esquire also has a ton of ads but there are so many well written articles that they more than makeup for the ads.  RS can't say that.
I DID NOT REVIEW IT OR ORDER IT AGAIN. I HOPE YOU FIX THIS ERROR OR I WILL DISPUTE IT AGAIN AS I ALREADY DID ONCE
So, I don't get to read very often, but like to keep up on music.....most of today's crap doesn't interest me, but articles about artists of the past are cool. My first few issues made me realize just what a left wing political slant this magazine really has...political views are those of drug addled hippies...Stick to music....nah...you guys have become shills for that garbage as well
I've been reading R.S. for many years now as have many of the other reviewers posting their views here. I share many of their complaints as well as their praises. On the whole, most of what is good about the magazine is also bad. Let's look at a few different areas:1. Liberal political, cultural and environmental reporting. I like to get input from all ends of the political spectrum. R.S. certainly has my left flank covered. Usually entertaining writing covering relevant issues. If you are looking for balance, forget it. Jann Wenner and Co. are unabashed liberals and that's really the only kind of "news that fits." I don't think that's good or bad, that's just this publication's point of view.2. Music reviews and coverage: I learn a lot about various artists here first. That's good. Unfortunately, most of them suck. Don't get me started on the reviews. For every thoughtful look at a well established artist or new face with real chops, there's a 3 or 4 star gush for the thug, tart or punk of the week. Most of which will never be heard from again and for good reason. I'd appreciate a little more control over the rating system here. Maybe group the reviews by reviewer so we could get a better sense of who likes what. Still, imperfect as it is, R.S. does expose its readers to a great variety of music all in one place.3. Pop culture: Yes, I'm sick of the breathless coverage of the moronic exploits of the pop culture icons of the day. I don't ever need to hear about or see Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan, Britney Spears, Kevin Federline, Pete Doherty, or.... ever again. Yet, is it wrong to admit I enjoyed seeing Britney in her underwear? The movie and game reviews are always worth checking out.Taken as a whole, I enjoy my subscription to Rolling Stone. I find interesting stuff in every issue. Try it for a year yourself. What's to lose? In a world full of more and more media, R.S. is still relevant and costs less per month than a single latte!P.S. Dear Jann, Enough of the photos of pop stars flipping me the bird. It's not cool, it's not funny, it's just crass. 'nuff said.
I read rolling stone for the music and those who make it, not for some guilt ridden, agenda blasting editorial team that feels their politics (and guilt at being so much the establishment they wish they could hate) is something we should all read about at nauseum. when they stick to music, it's good, when they parade their shreiking political views, it's boring.Stick to what you do best guys ............MUSIC.
Rolling Stone isn't without its share of problems. Maybe it's because the Internet age has passed them up, or they're just under poor management, but the magazine is far from being top-notch. Every album they've heard will never compare to the oldies like Bruce, Bob and The Stones, and as a result, it's incredibly rare to see an album with more than 4 stars. And frankly, the amateurs at AllMusic.com show them up every single time.Then there's the politics, which the magazine has seemingly moved to in order to boost sales (bad idea; it fails every single time). Instead of bands like Kings of Leon gracing the cover, Obama's smiling face seemingly glows everytime I read the magazine (4 times in total so far). John McCain on the other hand is portrayed as the anti-christ, sure to kill black people, torture gays, and talk meanly to those nice little terrorists. In fact, according to the magazine, anybody even seemingly close to having an "R" next to their name can't be good, and must be disposed of. And those darn Christians, according to Rolling Stone, they'll seemingly be the death of us all, conspiring against us, ready to kill us in our sleep. Obama and the "D"'s on the other hand can never do any wrong, according to Rolling Stone. I mean really, compared to Rolling Stone, The New York Times and Rosie O Donnell are The Bible and Mother Teresa.Of course, you can always try your hardest to ignore all of it, I just wish they'd focus more on music. The movie guy on the other hand seems to have a good shake on things (giving "W." 3.5 stars), and he overall does a good job. But of course, the magazine's strongpoint is the music. The interviews with the artists are insightful, and the news is the best in the industry. Their music commentary is also outstanding, with the music editor routinely making great points on the state of the industry. On news and commentary, every other outlet I've seen doesn't even come close.Overall, if you're a hardcore music fan, and you want the musical insight, news and who's hot and not, there's seemingly still no better source than Rolling Stone. But then again, you have to put up with mediocre music reviews, and blatantly biased and overly magazine-filling political coverage. If you can get the magazine for dirt cheap price, then by all means, buy it. Otherwise, it's totally your choice.To Rolling Stone: I'm always open to a position in contributing to your fine magazine.Real Score: 2.5
I remember the original R.S. of past and I gave this a hard look as well as sharing this out with a couple of my hardcore music neighbors but after they quit reading it and I lost interest, we all agreed it wasn't quite the same as the original.
A formerly great magazine that meant something to me has evolved into a decent magazine that is not quite as in tune with the zeitgeist.  Of course, everything was better in the cultural department when I was 17 than in the present, as I am 48.  One cannot devote the time that we dedicated to Rock and Roll and the lifestyle back then when one is middle aged.  It's less important because we do not have the time for it.  Maybe Rolling Stone is still a great mag; I just don't rock like I used to.  "Too old to rock and roll, but too young to die."  Rock on Rolling Stone.  It is certainly worth the couple of bucks it cost me.
Rolling Stone used to set musical trends, be an arbiter of pop culture taste, and carry great writers opining on politics and trends of the day. Now, it feels thin and tends to reflect and follow rather than lead. Too bad.
I just recently signed up for RollingStone after my dad was telling me what a good magazine it was back when he was young.  Damn, both he and I were shocked at how bad the magazine is.  I mean, once and awhile it has some worthwhile articles.  But for the most part it's all bullsh**.  More than half the artists these guys do articles on are terrible musicians (ie: Nick Lachey, Fall Out Boy, American idol rejects, ect).  Also, the political commentary is completely biased to the liberal point of view....that can be a little annoying at times.  My point is, the reason RS sells there mag for 50 cents an issue is because thats all it's worth.  .50 an issue isn't a deal, at best it's fair.  If the price was any higher, nobody would subscribe.  So if u have 20 bucks u just wanna waste, maybe check this out.
And that's why I buy it.  However, they sent me three outdated magazines all at once. That is not cool.  I already had those and was not happy about receiving back issues as part of my six months subscription. Not sure if I will renew, may just buy occasionally at the news stand.
I like the magazine, hate the cologne samples that they put into it. Yuck! I can't read it when they are in there because it makes me sick.
Amazon tried to &#34;auto renew&#34; my subscription almost 5 months before my current subscription had come to an end.  I called their support number and they promptly refunded my money -- but just a heads up on this.  I respect what they tried to do, since this is 2013 and this is the magazine business we are talking about, so you need to do pretty much anything to maintain subscriptions and make money - but other subscriptions (e.g. Inc. and Fast Company) give you a warning first.  That is all.  Great magazine overall.