Mr. Hayek apparently despises free thought.  Furthermore, his ignorance of libertarian philosophy is clear; discounting his opinion is appropriate.  I'm guessing he is a Republicrat and finds the socialist ideas found in the corrupt two party system satisfying.  Funny considering his namesake, Frederich Hayek, is one of the greatest libertarian thinkers of all time and one of my personal heros.But, I digress:  Reason magazine has been in my mailbox every month for well over 20 years and I would buy a lifetime subscription if I could.  Not every issue is a five star issue, but on the whole Reason is the most interesting periodical on the market.  That said, Reason has dropped a notch in quality ever since the brilliant Virginia Postrel left the editor's post several years ago.  She is a true intellectual and kept Reason at a consistently high level.  I still love to read my issue every month and while I don't always agree with the positions I am always stimulated.
For this registered Libertarian, this is a pretty good magazine. Decent articles that are written well and easy to read, as well as being informative. It has been around quite a while and the experience shows (in a positive way).
For a view of the World and Politics from a more Independent viewpoint... Reason is a must have magazine.  There is no perfect political magazine out there... but, to me, Reason comes the closest to allowing a person to make up their own mind about important issues... From Marijuana Legalization to Torturing inmates to Global Warming... you will get reporting that allows you to actually think about what was reported and come to your own conclusion.  Highly Recommended.
This is not a magazine for ideologues, this is for folks who truly believe in the title "Reason." You won't find the extremes of say "Liberty{Libertarian} or The Nation{Left}" in these pages. For anyone who likes current events & politics this is a new approach at looking at the world. There is a balance of both American & international views without being preachy. The reader may not agree with every articles concluding remedy for said problem? But, you will find the fresh perspective as one which will make you think differently about the issue.It is divided into five parts. Departments, Culture & Reviews, Articles, Columnists, & Editorials. They all feature current events issues that are put into a new focus when compared to say "Time or Newsweek." The departments are divided into three parts. Letters, Citings, & Artifact. The first is obvious, the second has brief writings as in your local newspaper's. The latter is a one page article at the end of every issue, & often features something funny or unusual. Writers like Nick Gillespie, Jesse Walker, & Michael Lynch do not specialize in any one field. They often contribute to different sections of the magazine at various times. The photos are black & white, it is about seventy pages per issue, it comes out eleven times a year, & has only 15-20% of it devoted to advertising.
For those of you with a Libertarian bent, this is a must-read. It has, as some reviewers claimed, lost some luster. It lacks the total Ayn Rand Libetarianism of, for example, &quot;Liberty&quot;, which is a pure delight.But Reason contains some good reading and we do not need a pure diet of left, right or libetarian. We can, after all, think for ourselves. We don't require a magazine to do that.Reason is one of the best for truthful, yet often opinionated reporting.Susanna K. HutchesonCreative DirectorPowerwriting.com LLC
I'm moderately libertarian, so I usually agree with the views expressed in Reason. I enjoy poring over the news summaries and the book reviews, then skimming the articles. Reason isn't essential for me, but I always look forward to it.It's worth mentioning that the whole magazine is now available online at Reason.com.
Interview is one of my favorite magazines. The interviews are always good. I think that the interviews are more candid since it's done by peers. I also think that the photo shoots in the Interview are some of the best around.
I know &quot;Interview&quot; has been around awhile, but I just recently got into it. In short, if you're into the arts, it's your magazine. It touches on music, movies, fashion, and everything inbetween. And often the interviews of celebrities are done by other celebs, like &quot;Jim Jarmusch&quot; doing a Q&amp;A with &quot;The White Stripes&quot;, just like they're sitting in a room chatting, very casual. I like that. Also the photography is tops, and often takes up the whole page (good mini-posters). They're good about not exposing the same old people too, lots of fresh faces, usually cool. Hey, if it's good enough for &quot;Andy Warhol&quot;, it can't be bad, huh?
Nice mag.  Hadn't picked it up for a whileNice pics, decent articles.  Worth giving a look to.
I enjoy the vibe of this Magazine.the Q&A'S are truly interesting to me to say the least overall.very Entertaining&Un-cut.it has a up-front vibe&take on things.not like other magazines that is for sure.
I got this just to read about sleds. They try to balance all of the types of riding (mountain, flatlander and in between) but tend to focus more on the flatlanders (which probably has a lot more riders/readers, so I don't blame them). So I consider this a very good overall magazine, but if you only are interested in mountain riding stuff, you would probably want to look elsewhere.
I read this mag cover to cover. It is my favorite motorcycle periodical. I am particularly fond of the technical advise. I would like to see more tests on mods and accessories.
I ride a cruiser and used to subscribe to Motrocycle Cruiser nad Cruising Rider. After they stopped publication of cruising rider, they sent me issues of rider and I enjoyed it. Covers all types of bikes including cruisers and have some very good travel reports.
The magazine is very informative and has a great selection of articles to read and advertisers to look at. Out of a five stars I give it 4....John Deere Jensen Heavy-Duty AM/FM Mini Motorcycle Radio
i've subscribed to Rider for many years.  I'm esp. pleased that Andy MacDonald is back as Tech. Writer!  His depth & breadth of knowledge about most rides is very impressive & helpful - and - he's an excellent writer - great combo!Generally speaking, i would like to see more material on British 650's & 750's, 1966 - 1970.  Rider & Motorcycle Classics are my fave bike mags.Phil M.,  Oro Valley, AZ
This mag has everything for the metric bike rider.  The reviews are detailed and enjoyable.  However, since I've now gone the Harley route, it's not much use any more.
I subscribed to this magazine for a number of years in high school, and pick up issues of interest, such as their buyer's guides, from the news stand every once in a while.Car Action is the premiere magazine in the RC Car category.  Covering everything from the cutting edge, sponsored racers, to "Readers' Rides", this magazine will keep you up to date and fuel your passion for RC Cars.  Even the advertising can be informative, as you get to see what is available in the market.Although I haven't picked on up personally in sometime now, I have to make an old school recommendation to all RC Car enthusiasts.  Pick up an issue of RC Car action, and see for yourself.
I've been subscribed to Acoustic Guitar Magazine since December 2003. I really enjoy every issue in its entirety. It has a variety of sections such as: Guitar and equipment reviews, artist interviews, Music CD's reviews, music to play, guitar lessons, vintage guitars and history, tips, events etc,. Advertising is always moderate. I am seriously thinking to start purchasing past issues. Good stuff !!Indeed a Great Guitar Magazine !!
If you love to pull out that acoustic and knock off a few songs when the world seems to be going crazy and your soul needs the healing energy of music, then you should read this magazine.  It provides good product reviews, playing tips, and song tabs.  Also helpful are tips for tuning up and maintaining your guitar so it stays in the best playing condition.  Although I am not a fan of magazine ads, the ads in this magazine are cool because they provide useful information about new products and services that would otherwise be difficult to discover.  The interviews with top acoustic players like James Taylor, Neil Young & Bert Jansch are also a big plus.  In all honesty, I do not read every issue--I grab issues when they have something I am interested in. In sum, if you are serious about playing that Martin or Gibson sitting in the corner, then read Acoutic Guitar every now and then--you will learn something!
I wanted to give a gift subscription for History Magazine. After reading reviews about problems receiving subscriptions, and seeing Amazon's own notice that it may take two weeks just to notify the publisher of the subscription, I went directly to the magazine's own website. Not only could I buy the gift subscription directly from the magazine, but it cost less too.
I am both a freshwater and saltwater hobbyist. I look forward to getting the magazine every month.  Looks like they are updating the format for 2010, so I look forward to seeing the changes.Anyway, I recommend it, and you can't beat it for the price.
This magazine generally has very helpful articles, and is a good resource for any hobbyist. I agree with the other reviewer that alot of this magazine is geared toward beginners, but not always. They have articles that experience hobbyists can learn from or might find interesting. The amount of material is a little thin, I wish it was a thicker magazine. But for the price, you can't complain.
Amazon gave the usual 6-12 week delay warning on subscriptions, but the first issue of this magazine arrived in less than four. The subscription price was an offer I couldn't refuse. I bought and read several issues of this magazine in pet shops prior to subscribing. It seems to provide a good balance between articles for those new to fish keeping and the more experienced.
I love this magazine, I do.  But alot of the time I feel like it should be titled &quot;Saltwater Aquarium Fish.&quot;  Most of the fish talked about are saltwater species, although they do have freshwater on occasion, and the topics covered can get a bit repetitious.  However, this is one of the few aquarium magazines out there, and it does have excellent information for the hobbyist.  I highly recommend this magazine for any fish lover, especially if you have children.  The section exclusively devoted to children's questions doesn't make them seem insignificant to adult's questions -- instead, they treat the kids with respect, as the future of the hobby.  Kudos for respecting all questions, from every age!
AFI is a well written, and very broad magazine spanning the entire aquarium hobby with a leaning towards the advanced hobbyist. It's great to see the more advanced information, equipment and techniques while still having articles for beginners. The magazine uses an easy to read layout, and there are professional pictures used throughout.The broad coverage can be a small drawback since there will always be some articles in every issue that won't appeal to any particular reader. I enjoyed the issues I've seen and look forward to reading new issues.
It was a Great price and I recieved my first issue much faster than I expected, it came in in less than 2 weeks.
There's some pretty good info in these magazines.  I started getting them about 6 months ago and they're pretty well put together.  These are pretty geeky, but I'm into that sort of thing.  The mag has info on freshwater and saltwater tanks - it's pretty evenly split.  When Amazon puts them on sale for less than a buck per issue it's definately worth it.
This magazine has a special place in my heart because it's the first aquarium mag I've ever subscribed too. It's more of a beginner publication, but you can find some intermeddiate articles occasionally as well. I love all things aquarium, so I certainly appreciate this magazine as much as the others. The price is a huge selling point too. If you're on a budget and starting out with aquariums or thinking of getting an aquarium, this is a fantastic buy for you!
My husband was still teetering on the edge as to whether or not to 'dive' into creating a saltwater aquarium - this magazine re-energized his interest and we purchased one the following weekend.  Informative articles. Wonderful pictures.  He will be looking forward to it each month!
While not quite up to the quality of Tropical Fish Hobbiest, the industry gold standard, this magazine generally provides helpful and useful information on aquarium keeping. A number of the reviews here that fault it for being simplistic were written prior to AFI's publisher aquiring the now defunct Freshwater And Marine Aquarium Magazine, and incorporating much of it's content. I subscribe both to TFH and AFI. If I had to pick only one, I would go with TFH, which is more expensive but has more content, better photography, and less advertising,
This magazine is a "must have" for beginners in the aquarium hobby.  I have received this magazine on and off over the last 15 years. Magazines have the advantage of current advice, where books can be outdated. This magazine has great pictures, advice, and inspiring ideas. It has articles dedicated to aquarium plants, certain species of fish, food, water quality, etc.  It discusses both freshwater and saltwater issues. It can be repetitive with the beginner's information, but I think they do a pretty good job, considering all the topics to cover.As of 2013, due to cut-backs, this magazine is no longer printed. Now there is only Tropical Fish Hobbyist.
Architectural Digest is not an "architecture" magazine as many people believe it is.  It began as an architecture magazine, but slowly became known for its coverage of building interiors that consumers wanted to see.  This is true today, as the cover article is generally the about the interior of a famed actor, politician, designer, or artist's home. These articles are remniscent of a paper version of MTV's show "Cribs." While the articles about the interiors dominate, an accompanying photograph of the exterior tags along when appropriate.  The articles discuss the ideas, sources, materials and inspiration behind the designs pictured. Each magazine generally has about one dozen such articles plus features.The magazine caters to the needs of interior designers and those who can, or wish they could hire them.  The magazine does not promote or favor either traditional or modern design.AD (as it calls itself) is full of advertisements. Some people may find this irritating, but for a designer, decorator, or client searching for inspiration or sources this information is equally valuable as the articles and features.  Ads are just as telling of where the industry is going and where it has been as any picture or text.If you subscribe, do it because you know and want what AD is. It is expensive, thick, and very useful if you are interested with the cutting edge of interior design. Do not get it to learn more about architecture or for the quality or readability of its text. Pictures and advertisements are the game with AD.If you are still unsure, pick up one at the newsstand and check it out before you buy 12 issues - most issues are like the others and "special" issues are frequent but not really that different from the norm.
Architectural Digest has been the hallmark in Interior Design magazines. So far, I have not been as happy with what's in the magazine, only because I appreciate classical design much more than modern. Hopefully, future issues will reflect a more classical approach.
Has wonderful ideas for a new home or to remodel what you have. Is not gender specific--Ladies, you will enjoy too!
Great ideas, beautiful properties for inspiration and style.
A gift for my nephew, that he enjoys and asked me to reorder for him.  Thank-you for making it easy to find good birthday gifts.
Beautifully composed pictoral of the good life.  Great source of inspriation for the masses who "wish".
Nice mag. It is incredible to see what some designers have able to have built. Great ideas and productions that can stimulate the mind.
In summary, this magazine portrays houses that you can't possibly ever hope to own in an "airbrushed" presentation that can't possibly match real life; it is "house pornography".  It is exciting to read and puts plenty of ideas into your head.You have to determine whether repeated exposure to this type of media will enhance your life or make you miserable.  Hey, if you have a spare million dollars and need someone to tell you what is fashionable or in good taste--this is for you!People complain about the ads--I complain about the articles.  People get in the way.  I note that none of the owners of these showpiece homes have children--most are living alternative lifestyles.  Actually, the house becomes the product of the relationship instead of children.  It is a fascinating cultural phenomenon and this magazine is the leading journal of the movement.
I have had a subscription to this magazine for about three years and I have really enjoyed it. Although most of the time I mainly look at the pictures I have found that when I do read the articles they are quite informative. They offer sections such as: historic architecture (usuallly famed homes or architects are featured), Designers at Large (the design world favorite sources), celebrity and designers homes, and Estates for Sale (estates around the world for sale for high prices.) Like I mentioned in the title to this review there are quite a few advertisments but they are all for well known companies and most of them are very well done and interesting. (What magazine dosen't have thousands of advertisements =). This magazine proves to be quite the resouce for anyone interested in interior design and it usually has the most up to date designs and designers reviewed in it.
The images in this magazine are always first rate and the editors get access to houses no one else does.  The writing is also very good and the houses chosen for each month are always in varing designs and spectucular.  This magazine does have a certain reputation of being on all the coffee tables of the wealthy, but is not Town and Country, it really is a magazine that takes its name seriously and the writers are well informed and have skill.  Pick it up sometime, it's worth the effort.
This magazine works well as a coffee table place holder or great as a gift for the friend who likes this type of thing. Waaay to many ads though.
As an artist, I need to be &quot;in the know&quot; a bit, and ARTnews is one of the 3 magazines I subscribe to for this purpose.I use it primarily for: # 1, the ads, which are mostly gallery ads, and let me know what is showing, and where. # 2, the exhibit reviews (N.Y., National, International), for the same reason as # 1, and the classifieds, which sometimes give a competition notice not available elsewhere.Regular departments include: &quot;ARTtalk&quot;, which is the lighter side of the news, and &quot;National/International News&quot;, which has more of a business slant, obituaries, etc.Each issue has a &quot;theme&quot;. The November 2001 for instance, has fashion design, with 3 articles on art/fashion, and one on Mary McFadden's sculpture collection. It also has &quot;The New Climate&quot;, about art after 9/11, from a response by several artists to the loss of a 100 million $ in art.Also included is a large section on new art books, and the obligatory &quot;avante garde&quot; piece. There are too many &quot;shock art&quot; articles in this magazine for my taste, therefore 4 instead of 5 stars, but I guess some people still consider this a &quot;trend&quot;.Good quality paper, excellent color reproduction, and the wide range of art represented make this a useful magazine for both artist and collector.
In the other reviews nobody has mentioned that ARTnews has done VERY important investigative reporting and even crusading for the restitution of artworks stolen by the Nazis.  They have followed other similar lines over a long period of time.  I don't think any other magazine has shown such responsibility.  They have been trying but have not yet succeeded in covering art of the nation or world as a whole instead of SOOOOOOO much on NYC.  That may almost be too much of a challenge as the art world continues to grow and spread out, and so much of it is available online.Christy
ARTnews takes its hits from readers: paper is not high quality, the inks smear after a couple of readings, there is a lot of `outsider art' in the ads and a lot of competitions, schools, prizes etc most of which seem to stress entrance fees over artistic interest, and the reporting seems weighted to out of focus art shows.  But there must be some reason it is still around, despite the competition.  ARTnews is a quick read, lots of things happemn between its coevers, and it seems to be of more interest to working artsts than to the big gun collectors and museums.  That is fine: the art world is bizarre enough in its diffuse goals (when there are some evident!), and this journal seems to satisfy the casual magazine collector.  The writing by contributing editors is definitely improving and some of the critiques are very eloquent.  A good bargain art periodical
Bass Player keeps a good blend of instructional articles, album and product reviews, transcriptions and interviews. Their product shoot-outs and tips from inside the music industry are informative and helpful. All in all, a good mix.
As a bass player, I was looking for a bass magazine that had great articles, interviews and had a variety of good songs to learn. Well Bass player is that magazine, with interviews with players like Boosty Collins, Verdine White and Geddy Lee and with lessons on techinque and learning songs in a variety of genres (something that past bass mags never did) it is a great buy for your buck.
While BP does do the occasional article on a straight-ahead jazz player or upright player, most of the editorial content (and what seesm like 90% of the cover photos) are deoted to the tattooed, pierced and punked up shredder of the month. Sure, there's actually a colum devoted to upright playing- sort of- but overall this is a magazine for young rockers. For them, it's great. For me... I'm still looking.
I really like this magazinge, but would like to see fewer ads.  The interviews are interesting and I especially like the printed music  and tabs for the various riffs.  Well-done, glossy and newsy.
This magazine has a lower cover price than some of its competitors, and makes up for it with a massive amount of ads. A few ads contain coupons, for those that like to cut those little things out (unfortunately they are hardly ever for anything I want !). The paper is also a lot thinner than the higher priced home/garden publications, and the photographs do not reproduce that well on it.On the bright side, there are many nice d&eacute;cor ideas, and simply terrific recipes.Taking the October 2003 edition as an example, Fall colors and produce are the theme. It has some ideas on how to display gourds, and an article on a community pumpkin patch, from the June planting by 140 neighbors and friends in a 6000 square ft. area, to harvest time.There are numerous articles on remodeling, &quot;Foolproof Potted Plants&quot;, on the joys of having hardy succulents in your home, and a lovely piece with lots of photographs on actor Peter Strauss' gorgeous Ojai, California garden.The best article of all, is &quot;The Magic of Soup&quot;, and some of these recipes are so good they might end up in your family for generations. They are simple to prepare, with easy to find ingredients, and will make a healthy, hearty meal for those frosty days ahead. Also included with the recipes is the preparation and cooking time, and nutritional statistics.As someone who writes a lot of notes and cards, I appreciate the final page which is about letter writing, and how this vanishing form of communicating is good for the soul.All things considered, this magazine gives good value, and is meant for those of us who do not live in a mansion or have hours to devote to a single recipe.
I love the decorating ideas and color suggestions - absolutely do-able and attractive. Menu ideas are also delicious and easy.
I'm always happy to see my issue of Better Homes & Garden show up.  Overall this magazine is great.  I especially enjoy the decorating/home parts of this magazine.  I could personally do without the garden part, but it's still good.
Nice magazine but not enough in it these days.  If cheap enough, it would be worth renewing but I did not renew.
Great!  I enjoyed reading all of the tips, recipes, etc...  Can't wait til the next one comes in the mail!!!
I still like the magazine BHG; however, I wasn't pleased with your service especially when it came to renewing subscriptions.  It seemed to be too much of my time spent on the computer and sorting through all my subscriptions as to what was renewed, the cost, etc.
I love this magazine!  It has all the tips a homeowner and home gardener needs. I especially enjoy the household hints, decorating ideas, and recipes.  The price is right, but I just don't care for auto-renewal.
I like to look through this magazine to see what money can buy ...unfortunately most of the projects and ideas are not in my price range nor I would guess in the range of most average people.  Sometimes I can take a few ideas from an expensive renovation to make it work.  Some of the tips on organization and crafts etc. are doable.
This is a quick read magazine.  I usually get some sort of idea from each issue.  I do get tired of white walls, though (their go-to wall standard in the featured homes) and I'm never gonna be a decorative spend hours on food and crafts kind of mom - but there are some decorating ideas i use.  So long as i never have to pay more than a dollar an issue, i'll keep ordering it.
I always loved this magazine.  Now that I don't have a yard to speak of, I decided to give it to my friend for a gift.  Love the ideas provided and the fabulous colors of the flowers.
I love this magazine as it blends food, interior design, some interesting articles. I have picked up many a tip from this magazine, the items that they list are not over expensive to buy - I saw these beautiful coupes (glasses) in BH and they were from CB2, $3.95 each, I love them, a steal really, and I first saw them in this magazine, and tore the page out. Two years later I bought them!
his is another magazine I have subscribed to the conventional method for the past few years.My present subscription ends in Apr. 11.  Your info says this order will be for Feb-March delivery.  I hope it is not messed up since I still have several months before it runs out.
Great value.  Magazine arrives promptly and is used in my office waiting room.  A great magazine for women of any age
so many mags are reduced in price, my mom likes this one and we got it for her for mother's day.  we hope she likes it, it is a good read.
I like reading magazines and don't like paying a bundle picking one up at the grocery store. Getting the magazine at amazon was easy and inexpensive. I haven't received the mag yet, but can't wait for it to come.
It's full of ads (as are most magazines these days) but there are still some worthwhile articles. I love looking through and thinking about new ways to decorate my own home.
I don't get the bad reviews.  I have only received 2 copies so far, but have gotten a lot of ideas and really enjoy it so far. The only issue I have is that the pages are very thin and cheap.  Content of the magazine is very good....quality of the pages is awful.
I thought it was a good idea. I like that she will get it for a whole year even though my daughter is no longer in her class.
I like this magazine for its everyday useful ideas, excellent subscription rate...its the magazine for us &#34;minimalist&#34;, lot of good practical information
I like this magazine but like others have mentioned it has a lot of ads. I enjoy most of the ads though, they give me ideas sometimes. Mostly it's a picture book, I don't really read many of the articles.
what do you write about a magazine either u like the magazine or you don't. i have always enjoyed the magazine so that is all i can say
I like this magazine, fun interesting articles that show new ways of doing things, great information on health,beauty, home and life. Just put in more coupons and it would be fantastic!
Easy and economical way to renew a subscription.  I would do it again and would recommend this method to friends.
I'll admit, I knew this was a good magazine prior to buying it. I've received to issues so far and I'm enjoying the ideas. I also think its great there is variety to the recipes they provide. We have a pretty restrictive diet so its nice to be able to find recipes that fit within i it, not all of them do (obviously) but I was able to find a couple in the first issue and need to flip through the recipes in the second one. Oh, the 5 dollar/year price was pretty awesome too!The only downfall is that it did take quite some time before my first issue arrived. Significantly longer then going directly through the BH&G; company. But, again for 5 dollars, I was willing to wait.
receiving my new issue of BHG every month. I got a gift suscription from my grandmother for Christmas. In 2007 I got married and we also purchased our first home. I like that this magazine has a mix of decorating ideas, recipes, gardening, and fashion. It is not all one or the other, so it is kind of like getting four magazines in one. I loved the new year issue that was all about getting organized, I keep it around to reference often and will likely renew my subscription after gift period is up.
I like it. I have been getting it for years. It has great home ideas and seasonal. It is very relevant, but I believe that the magazines will become a thing of the past. Everything is available online. I rarely have time to enjoy my magazines.
This has most definitely met my expectations.  This is one of my favorite magazines and I'm glad to to receiving it again.  I enjoy reading the articles about home decorating, cooking, etc.
I usually get a few ideas out of each issue. Great product for the price.Same BHG as always! Thanks
most of the beautiful gardens I see are in Washington or Oregon or back east somewhere.  Having lived in Washington, I do enjoy seeing some of the plants that I am missing here in Colorado, but it would be nice to see a more varied selction of gardens becasue we all can't live in the Pacific Northwest.  I have a subscription to Sunset so I guess that will have to suffice, but I do wish BH&G; would take that into consideration.Otherwise, I LOVE this magazine.  I used to get several magazines, but this was always my favorite.  It is chock full of ideas that we can really use.  And I love the photography.  What sets BH&G; apart is that you can see a hint of life in these beautiful houses.  Slippers on the floor, newspaper on the table and often the owners of the home are in the pictures too.  They are sometimes blurred from movement which is actually nicer than a posed shot.  It helps set the feeling that this home is lived in and is attainable.I would say get this magazine right away.  I would have given it 5 stars except for the whole garden thing.
Consistently a good read!  Always enjoy this magazine!  Keep up your standards!Enjoy the gardening tips (although I'm a city girl) and recipes and interesting articles.
This was given to my daughter who was looking for ideas in decorating on a budget for her new home.
I subscribed to BH&G for many years.  When we moved cross country, I canceled the subscription.  Now I've been in NC for four years and thought I'd try a new subscription to BH&G.  It's a nice magazine, has lots of ideas and I've enjoyed getting the magazine.  There are other magazines that I seem to like better at this point, that being Oprah and Good Housekeeping.  All in all, BH&G has been around a long time and I'll continue to receive this magazine.  About Amazon.com......you can get just about anything you like from Amazon.  I trust this company very much and appreciate all of the goods they do supply.  Go Amazon!!
The price was a good value, however, it takes forever for the first issue to come. So if you order for a gift be sure and let the recipient know about the wait.
I ordered it as a gift subscription. Was processed without a glitch & they even sent me a reminder for renewal
l love the meal prepartion ideas and have tried several with success. The articles are interesting and not too &#34;fluffy&#34;
Better Homes and Gardens does not have the clean and thoughtful layouts and classy look of Martha Stewart Living. However, the ideas are useful to more people living in all parts of the country. I find that MSL is better for east coast living. Here in Arizona, it's hard to find the materials and ingredients suggested in their articles. I still read MSL for inspiration and entertainment. Better Homes is more practical, giving ideas I actually use.
My wife really likes this Mag for the recipes and combs through the articles every month.  It's hard to get her attention when she is perusing it.
its one year subscription of 3 magazines it good for someonewho wants to see how to change things in their home
The magazine is pleasant and I love the articles, pictures and the "extra content" that the kindle fire users receive. However, I truly hate having to delete a good deal of my content to download the MASSIVE file containing the magazine. And I'm positive this could be fixed.
It is a clean cut magazine, Better Homes & Gardens. I like the pictures of the recipes and homes plus kitchens.
Fabulous recipes and ideas are featured in this magazine at a very affordable price; way less than the supermarkets check-out lanes.
Magazine arrived on time, intact, and just in time. Thank-you.She enjoys, BH&G;, in the print form, as well as on her Kindle.
Only $5. No plans to renew. Tired of reading magazines that are more ads than content. Worth the trial cost.
Wish it was larger like it use to be and packed with articles.  Still a nice publication if you have parrots or are thinking of getting one.  Not like there is anything else out there for parrot owners anyways.
This was one magazine that got read cover to cover. Unfortunately it is no longer being published. Wish it would be reconsidered.
This is a great magazine for people who don't know a lot about companion birds.  For more experienced bird owners, it isn't quite as informative, but it's still entertaining and has some good info.
The September, 2012 issue marked the end of Bird Talk-- it will no longer be published. I'm sorry to see it go. I enjoyed reading each month's issue. Unfortunately, there aren't any magazines available that are truly comparable.
This is a great magazine with good articles. Gear'd mostly towards the everyday pet owner though it does on occassion cover breeding of more "known" species. I would love to see more exotic breeds of parrots, finches, etc. I usually seek out BirdTimes if I want to learn about more scientific facts and more exotic birds.
This has been a good magazine, so I ordered a renewal subscription for my 13 year old daughter. Informative and entertaining- I read through all the issues myself.
The publisher stopped publishing the magazine, and in their wisdom, chose to send me Dog Fancy magazine instead.  I dont have a dog.
This is a great magazine for pet bird enthusiasts.  It addresses all sorts of important issues- problem behaviors, household hazards, and health concerns, while also offering species profiles, interesting stories, and beautiful photos of our feathered friends.My only complaint would be that while it has features on smaller birds it seems to be somewhat weighted towards larger birds like parrots.
This is a good magazine for new bird owners.  It covers all species, so a lot of times there are articles that don't pertain to my bird, but I still learn something from them.
I enjoy reading Bird Talk every now and then. Having owned a blue and gold macaw for 28 years, I I know a thing or two about macaws! This magazine was very useful when I first got my bird, but after a few years, the stories seem to be recycled. Very valuable reading for someone comtemplating bird ownership or just starting out, but eventually you will come to the point where you could write the articles yourself!
in the first issue I learned about obscure web sites, how to use google  better, and read up on the latest hardware.  Lots of good info to be had especially for gamers
I have been a subscriber for years, and consider the $10/year a no-brainer.  Some issues are great, some are mediocre.  But the info on real and unbiased tests of antivirus, or how-to's for bios settings alone make it worth the price of admission.  Note that this subscription does not give you the CD's - that is just fine with me, I can get to the info via the website, or that big electronic thingee called the internet, and prefer not having a bunch of discs laying around. The magazine does tend to shift around a bit, and it looks like editors are chosen by dartboard, but the one consistent thing about the mag is its unabashed love for the PC platform, and unapologetic demand for the "best".  Sometimes you will agree, sometimes it will tick you off (sorry AMD fanboys, right now Intel is simply a better CPU).Is this the only mag on PC stuff? nope!  Is it the best? Maybe.  But I can tell you that it is the magazine I most look forward to each month.
I enjoy Maximum PC, but must admit, I am no power user or home builder.  I enjoy the reviews of various items and products and if you can find this on sale at Amazon.com, it is definitely the cheapest price you'll find.
While not the deepest of the nerd reading, it is pretty in depth and assumes a certain level of knowledge or involvement with computers. Much discussion on hardware, with some software thrown in. I like it for the pulse it keeps on the industry and performance issues, as wel as some of its articles on related issues like security and legislation. A step up from Wired without going over the edge.
Its good to learn hadware installation and how to intall peripheral devices.It comes with a CD with every issue with usefull utilities, applications, and game demos.However, it claims to be 'unbiased' in its reviewing like it claims the other PC magazines are, but using some of its reviewed products, I find this hard to beleive, especially when it has as much advrtising as the other PC Magazines.Its a good magazine for the intermediade/advanced PC user, and it is good when used in conjunction with the other PC magazines as well.I don't find quite all the software tech stuff I'd want to, but I find quite a bit on the hardware side.  Worth having, but not worth being your only PC resourse... consider the other pc mags as well.
The magazine came as order. I was pleased to see it had a software disk with it. It had good programs on it.
The "Maximum PC magazine" [...] is a good source for well written and current reviews of tech products and computer related gear.  "Maximum PC" contains a good mixture of graded reviews and staff editorials which keeps me interested and informed.  The price of my 2 year subscription was cheap and I feel that I received a good deal.  We will see however if there are any of the normal underhanded "automatic-renewal" subscription tactics in practice when my paid 2 years have elapsed.  So far - so good.  Keep up the good work Amazon.  -Brent
Maximum PC is a magazine for electronics freaks, offering many different articles about electronics; how to buy them, how to repair them, how to get the most out of them, and how best to replace them. This magazine is aimed in one primary direction: Making the most out of the electronic devices available. This is accomplished through the many instructional articles, how to guides, and question and answer sessions.When Maximum PC isn't offering words of wisdom on ways to improve your life with electronics, the magazine is usually offering reviews of new products. The reviews section is one of the largest parts of each issue and while it does a nice job bringing new products to the forefront, the reviews are often less than stellar. Rather than analyze a few products in- depth, Maximum PC instead prefers to offer shorter reviews of many products. This part of the magazine seems more concerned with quantity than quality, in contrast to most of the remainder of the magazine.One thing about Maximum PC that isn't to my liking is the technical nature of many articles. Maximum PC likes to get to the root of things (literally), and it is common to find articles talking about circuits, memory, and other boring subjects. This is fine for those who take their technology to the extremes, but I have no interest in learning about the inter-workings of the wiring inside my personal computer or the electronic pulses that cause my printer to respond on queue. This is a little too much technology for me, but I know there are some readers who will relish the depths that Maximum PC goes to when it strips down electronic devices into their component parts.Overall, Maximum PC is a pretty good electronics magazine for young and middle- aged adults. It loses me from time to time when it gets overly technical, but it still ranks as a good magazine about electronics. The numerous question and answer sessions, the educational articles, and the product reviews make this a magazine worth reading.
So helpful.  A great way to educate yourself on all things PC.  Always includes helpful artilcles about how best to make your PC better.
I am sure there are tons of tech/computer magazines to choose from. However, Maximum PC hits the mark and fulfills my needs when it comes to the latest for technology and what is happen in the techworld. From the latest gadgets to the latest news and reviews. This is my source when it comes to computer tech, of course supplemented with only sites and blogs as well. While it does provide some good insight and good articles, print media will always suffer the wrath of the always updating world of the interweb.
I subscribe to this magazine.  I really like it, too.  But, once you get into specialized hardware, Maximum PC seems pretty &quot;behind&quot;.  For instance, they gush and slobber over Plextor CD-RWs, yet Lite-On CD-RWs have MORE capabilities (i.e. they can burn the correct EFM encoding on CD-Rs like Plextor BUT they can also burn 99 minute 850 MB CDs which Plextor can't) and Lite-On costs about HALF as much!  But, Lite-On doesn't advertise in Maximum PC like Maximum's Plextor benefactors.  Also, Asus Tek has been making a GeForce3 video card with video capture capabilities for several months now...seems more &quot;Maximum&quot; than the plain old &quot;gaming&quot; video cards they cream over (literally perfect 10 ratings).  I don't recall seeing Asus Tek ads in their magazine....hmmmm.  Let's face it, they provide &quot;Maximum&quot; exposure for their advertisers, not the hoped for &quot;Maximum PC&quot; OBJECTIVE hardware reviews in general.  Maximum PC is a great medium for beginning your research...perhaps a more apt title would be &quot;Medium PC.&quot;
I am a little disappointed I am unable to purchase Maximun PC. The magazine is still being published monthly so I have no idea why amazon will not sell it.About the product:  I look forward to receiving this magazine.  I have worked in IT for over 15 years, and with each magazine, I would end up learning at least 10 new things. It is different than PC World.  Maximum PC is more "techy" then PC World.  Both magazines have how-to's and discuss up and coming products.  Maximum PC, gets more in depth and not for the avagee computer user.  Maximum PC covers much more hardware and digs deeper.You can subscribe (puchase) the magazine by going to [...]  1 year subscription ( 12 issues) is $19.95.  A 2 year (24 issues) is $29.95.
Great Mag.  Very informative with useful articles on computers and software and the latest and greatest out there.  Good to find out what the others are doing and using and what bugs (or not) they are running into and how to deal with matters.
It's OK, somewhat along the lines of the old PC MAGAZINE. Pretty knowledgeable articles, mostly for gamers and hobbyists.The problem isn't with the magazine though. THe problem is if you sign up for auto-renew, Amazon will make it very difficult to stop it.  The most obvious solution, click the "stop auto-renew" button does absolutely nothing except take you to the top of the page. WOW. Thank God I was able to return to the top of the page.  But Wait, that's not your only option: you can also click the "cancel subscription" button.  It, too, takes you to the top of the page. Ah-ha, we have a pattern here.  At the top of the page is a sentence stating that you must call a certain phone number to cancel or change subscriptions. So those two buttons are... the modern day racing stripes for a web site with no function at all, mererly appearance? But this slick, digital interface Will help you utilize their 130 year old technology to stop your subscription. I knew the 19th and 20th centuries would be exciting, and that webpage is certainly the cat's pajamas.I guess I'll just stop all auto-renewals rather than get all pissed off and going on a rant each time.Again, the magazine is good for a lot of people.  If you've been in the business for less than ten years, you'll probably enjoy it.
Not so max anymore, but still worth the price (I get it without the CD as I can download any demos or utilities they discuss).If you just have to read about PC gear, this is it.  The new forums at the mag website are weak and loaded with newbs, wannabes and politically correct mods.  Check Delphi forums for the ORIGINAL MaxPC foum, The Commport.
Like a hot rod magazine is not for every car owner, this magazine is mainly for people on the cutting-edge of PC computer performance, or who enjoy being a spectator to it (essentially, computer drag races - I'm in this latter class.) It's well laid-out and fun to read. I recommend it - you'll always learn something.
Helpful magazine that spots trends and gives advice on when & what to upgrade - essentially what you want a tech magazine to do.  And I've never been disappointed by the advice or information.  Good gear reviews from motherboards to peripherals to games & other SW.  Concise tech info you can quote to the know-it-alls on the web.  A great magazine for the price if you want to stay informed.
Without saying anything in the title like discless copy, this is maximum pc, but the diskless version. If you want the disk, you will need to order from the maximum pc website. Not taking off any stars for that though. 4/5 mainly due to some of the erroneous advice given in the magazine, but a good magazine to read through nonetheless...
I know it takes eight weeks and maybe longer but I do appreciate the information that I've gained from store bought "Maximum PC" magazines.  I don't build computers but when I do order one, it is nice to be familier with the workings and attributes of the new computer.Yes... you can find much information on-line and generally faster than the amount of time it takes for the magazine to reach your mailbox, however, is great to kick back away from the computer in your favorite chair and 'read' about it :)A very good magazine... but 'adult' language used at times does not appear to me as professional use of the english language.Thus the 4 rather than five stars.
This magazine is very good for the novice to medium level computer user.  Recommended for sure.
First off eveyone is complaining of waiting for magazine to show up lately. Its was a long wait for me too. thats why it says 6-10 weeks people. dont expect it sooner, duh. anyways, the magazine is good. it doesnt advertise some major brands like gateway, but its a good reference magazine, and you can learn some stuff from it every month, but theres only been one article in maybe 7 magazines i have that deals with linux, and ive never seen a mac article. overall its cheap and that makes it a good deal, the only magazine i currently like more costs 30 dollars so Maximum PC is a good deal.
I have subscribed to the nook version for a few years now and thoroughly enjoy this magazine. It has enough tech and what's new to keep me happy.
I'm old, and so is my computer.  Any advice that can help me maximize my computer perfomance is very welcome.  MaximumPC has some good tips on computer parts, vendors, and usefull tests
This is a great magazine for someone that doesn't keep up with the latest and greatest computer technologies and hacks.
I've been a reader for over 4 years, and their magazine is simply the best PC magazine available.  The only downside is that they use a service like coverleaf for their digital version, which is so behind the times they offer no Android app, and they offer no digital-only subscriptions.  I'm no 'tree-hugger' but I prefer to cut down on paper and clutter, and cut down on the stuff I end up throwing in the trash.  I have an Android tablet on which I read a lot of things now, and I'd love to be able to subscribe to Maximum PC in a digital-only version, but it appears that is not something that is available.  For a magazine that is cutting-edge, you'd think they'd have it available.  The lack of a digital-only subscription is the only reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars.  Content of the magazine and the website are both great, so they get HUGE points for that.  If they had a digital only subscription I'd certainly give it 5-stars.
Just received magazine, have not had a chance to read it, but was delivered sooner than they had promised.
MaximumPC is a great magazine for anyone interested in technology and computers.  It mainly focuses on computer building and parts, but also pits company against company, and program against program.  I've also seen reviews for video games and tablets, among others.  They give you help and tips and step-by-step tutorials for computer building, installing software, troubleshooting problems, and more!  It's a great magazine.  I gave it 4 stars because the magazine came in a not-so-great condition, but it was still enjoyable and it wasn't too bad of a blemish.In conclusion, for those of you who like to build computers, or even get the latest in today's tech, this is the magazine for you!
I have been a subscriber since they were called Boot. Very informative and thorough, but accessible writing, as well as being pretty funny. I highly recommend this magazine and the only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the CD that comes with it is usually pretty lame. I would stick to the non CD subscription for a better value.
This magazine makes a good addition to my PC World Magazine. They seem more devoted to the high tech then the daily "tweaking" but they do a pretty good job of filling a magazine. I think any computer geek would get something out of each issue. This is probably not for the casual occasional PC user but more for the person that isn't afraid to "open the box.
If you ever wanted PCworld or PCmagazine to write better articles, buy this magazine. Designed for more techy people than mac users, MaxPC is the current king of tech mags..
I've subscribed for years. The gold box price is better than I've seen elsewhere. I'm pretty up on tech stuff, but some of the articles go over my head. The articles have a bit of edge at times, but that's not necessarily bad. They will outline products that you won't find in mainline PC magazines, and give some deeper tips not seen elsewhere. I've never built a computer and am not a gamer, but knowing what the cutting edge is helps me put the mainline products in perspective. If you do build computers, put in a lot of improvements, or do a lot of gaming, this magazine is for you. For non-gamers/less intense people, there are also columns like on privacy, articles on windows tips and multimedia, reviews on software/hardware (although as commented on earlier, they do have more ads it seems in the magazine and their website has more reviews). Worth the price to try today for a year.
I enjoy the articles about new products but all the information on building your own computer is lost on me.  I wish they made some attempt to educate the novice user a bit more.
I bought this subscription for my son. He is presently building a computer. He said it has lots of good and useful information in it.
I really like this magazine with its in depth insight into the PC and related software. If you like PC info, software, some hardware hacks and more you'll like this magizine.
... and while it is full of great information, there is no way printed word can keep up with the internet.  The info in these magazines is usually found all over the web the month before.  It is not the fault of the magazine itself, but that the internet is too easy to update quickly.
If you are *really* into computers (especially hardware) then this mag is for you. Oh it does cover software as well (especially games) but this is a mag for those into the gear.Much of it is aimed at the DIY and gamer crowd, but for those who aren't all that into that (like me), it's still a good reference with a lot of useful information and reviews.The only thing I don't think much of is the monthly CD.  Much of the software is somewhat dated by the time you get it and most if not all if it is available for download on the Internet (and you usually get newer versions).If you're really into games, then the CD might be a good choice thanks to the game demos (which can be sizable downloads) but as far as the other stuff is concerned, it's mostly worthless.Save yourself the expense and get the subscription without the CD (which Amazon doesn't seem to offer - but it does exist).  Even if you are into games you might find that only a few of what they put on the CDs are of interest and your cost will still be lower by just downloading it.
This magazine is just like the title "maximum" They give you in extreme detail the good and bad of any type of computer hardware you could think of. IF you are a computer junkie or a typical "overclocker" this might be for you. The one probem that i found is that they tend to forget not everyone has $10,000 to build the "ultimate pc" with the latest greatest hardware. The writers pull no punches about saying exatcly what they fell about certain companies and somtimes you get the felling that thee own some stock in certain companies!But in all the hardware reviews (which is the main focus of the magazine) are very interesting and they give you more than enough details and benchmarks to help you choose your hardware.
This is a great magazine for the techie. It reviews a variety of types of hardware and has good in depth articles like, "The Hard Drive Handbook." My only complaints are that it focuses a little too much on gaming hardware and I would like to see more side by side comparisons of hardware products.
Maximum PC is oriented largely to the high-end computer buff, although it contains a fair amount of material useful to the average computer user. Good computer magazines are few, so this is a useful addition to the field.
I get Boston Mag because I live in Boston!  No brainer, right?  I purchase it from Amazon because it is the best deal, anywhere!  And, I can track all of my magazine purchases in one place.
This magazine was full of interesting articles about Boston, specifically arts related ones. I just wish it also included events listings.
The magazine has undergone some changes the past year or so - and it is MUCH better. The articles are more relevant, interesting and well written. The layout is more engaging. If you didn't like it in the past - I recommend taking another look at it.
Granted, it is called 'Catholic Digest' but it lacks in the way too many Catholic publications lack... it doesn't get often enough into what it means to live out a Catholic faith in an everyday world.It is very well-written, and has a sharp &quot;Guideposts&quot; or &quot;Reader's Digest&quot; feel about the look and tone.Some articles in Catholic Digest can be poignant, but I want my faith challenged. I want to know how I can serve Christ Monday-Friday. Explain to me the Liturgy... why are various aspects of it important? What about what the Bible says about alcohol, or daily prayer? How about defining Mary's official role, dispelling the mistaken belief than she is equal to Christ (the question of veneration versus worship)?The Protestant magazines are loaded with accounts about how God changed their lives. I'd like to see more of that. The Protestants have lots of Bible studies and that sort of thing in their magazines. Do I have to buy a Protestant magazine like &quot;Discipleship Journal&quot; &quot;Moody Monthly&quot; to learn how to be a better Christian? They're fine, but it seems with the long history of great theologians, someone could get a Catholic variation on all of that.I think Catholic Digest is the best publication offered for Catholics. But I'd like more meat.Anthony Trendl
After reading the heavy, intense works of apologetics like Scott Hahn and Karl Keating, not to mention intelligent and theologically strong writers such as Patrick Madrid, "Catholic Digest" is a nice step to the lighter side.  Yes, I'll admit that "Catholic Digest" doesn't have the hardest hitting articles nor does it always make the reader think much, but it's nice to read a warm, fuzzy story sometimes.It is very similar to "Reader's Digest" in its content, humor, and article style.  Naturally, it does have quite the Catholic edge to it that the other "Digest" lacks, but I wouldn't go into a theology fight with it tucked under my arm.  It's reserved more for those times when we want to laugh a little bit or read about a young child making a difference in their community.  In recent issues, there have been a number of nice articles on individuals who are Catholic and in prominent places in society, lay volunteers, Pope Benedict's life, and Lourdes, France.  None of these articles were very thought-provoking but they did supply the reader with some nice general information.  However, the magazine has also tackled tougher issues recently such as the existence of evil as secular society and Christians view it and the Real Presence in the Eucharist that most non-Catholics do not believe.I converted to Catholicism in 2000.  In the years before making my final decision, "Catholic Digest" was one of the resources that I picked up.  It didn't offer too much in the way of solidifying my decision to join the Church, but it did make some of bumps along the way a little bit softer.Not all Catholic literature has to be tough and academic.  Every once in awhile we need a good laugh or just a nice story of human compassion.  That is what I believe "Catholic Digest" excels in doing.  I love reading the works of Hahn, Keating, Madrid, and others, but every now and then I like to pick my latest copy of "Catholic Digest," peruse the "Words For Quiet Moments" or leaf through a short article about a Catholic missionary's work in some arid little town in the middle of nowhere.  In other words, it gives you a nice little break from the madness that is a Christian life.
The Chicago magazine has a lot of interesting topics that evolve around Chicago.  There was one article that was really interesting, it was the Education edition, where they listed all the schools in the area, and compared the teachers salaries, how good the school was, and how much they spend on a student.  Chicago, had a house edition, and a restaurant edition.  Most of the magazine has ads in it, and it's sometimes pricey on the magazine rack.
good buy and i received the first issue sooner than expected.
I like Consumer Reports and subscribe from time to time.  I trust their reviews and appreciate that they don't take advertising which might be a conflict of interest.  I will subscribe for a couple of years and then get tired of the fact that they seem to review the same products over and over again.  But then I miss it and will subscribe again.  Overall, a darn good magazine.
This is a great magazine but you haft to pay $19 more for access the their web page results. Subscription should come with consumerreports.org access.Aaron
We all need to watch the bottom line and this magazine helps. Our family had several large purchases to make and subscribed to CR. I would have chosen a car that is prone to electrical issues without this magazine. Could deal with less junk mail from CR though. A wise resource when comparing models prior to purchase. We will continue to subscribe.
Consumer Reports is in a league by itself. Where else are you going to find reliable information and comparisons on consumer products without the conflict of interest of paid advertising? However, it's a small monthly magazine; so don't be surprised if (1) several issues review no products you're interested in and (2) the item you're thinking of buying was last reviewed six years ago and the information is completely out-of-date.A less serious problem is that the magazine's reviews occasionally give a product a mediocre rating for reasons that I find picky or insignificant. However, their criteria are clear, so it's not hard to know when this is the case. From time to time, they also seem to miss the point. For example, a faucet-mounted water filter is said to clog easily, when in fact it's designed to cut off after so many gallons. Removing the filter cartridge and reinserting it--which the manufacturer understandably advises against--takes 10 seconds and returns the flow to normal.Nevertheless, I like the idea of what Consumer Reports offers and represents. That alone might be a reason to subscribe, if you have some disposable income for a good cause.I don't subscribe and as someone who lives and earns modestly by choice, I probably never will. Instead, I consult Consumer Reports at my public library whenever I'm considering a purchase that the magazine might be helpful with. This has two advantages: (1) I save the price of a subscription and (2) I feel less disappointed and frustrated when it offers no useful information on a particular product (about 60% of the time).If you buy a lot of consumer products beyond the essentials, then your chances of finding the magazine helpful are increased, the price of a subscription perhaps no problem, and the magazine is probably for you. If you're not sure, consult the magazine at the library before you're next couple of purchases. Then you'll know for yourself whether it's worth having your very own copy in your mailbox every month.
As a 25-year reader of and current subscriber to Consumer Reports (CR), I find the magazine quite informative and money-saving, despite some flaws, which I discuss below.  CR covers a wide range of consumer goods such including automobiles, small and large home and garden appliances, consumer electronics, groceries, and more.  They also cover a variety of services such as car insurance, hospital billing, mutual funds; and issues such as consumer privacy and safety.  I enjoy their clear writing style, informative photos, charts that pack a lot of information into an easy to understand format, and helpful index of products covered in the past year's back issues.  Each month I first check their "selling it" section on the inside back cover, where they chronicle "excesses in the world of marketing" with photos and delightfully sardonic yet understated comments.I consider CR's product testing and research of tangible consumer goods to be among their strongest assets.  When I bought my car and digital camera, CR was the first place I turned for market research.  The product tests, comparisons, and recommendations are first rate.  Also, CR gave this tool-clueless read a good education on cordless drills.  :-) CR buys all consumer goods themselves and doesn't accept gifts or advertising, which helps them maintain impartiality.CR does have some biases though.  They're very luke-warm toward any type of alternative medicine.  Several years ago, I laughed when they pronounced acupuncture, practiced successfully for thousands of years, a sham.  Overall, they're quite mainstream, not taking into account purchasing factors increasing numbers of people now consider, such as whether an item is made with slave labor or tested on animals.  Often, they'll only review a token &quot;green&quot; household product made of recycled paper or non-toxic ingredients.  However, they do cover hybrid automobiles, but not fully electric ones.  You may not always find the brand you're looking for within a product category.  Their report on luggage might not cover the brand of suitcase you're evaluating, but does provide good advice on what to what to look for when choosing a suitcase.Recommendations:  There's probably less of a need for CR now that one can find so many reviews and testimonials on the Internet.  Yet they're fabulous for side-by-side professionally-conducted product comparisons of features and performance, as well as information of interest to consumers.  If you only want to consult CR to research an occasional purchase, it may suffice to check CR out of the public library.  But if you like to keep up on product technology and issues of importance to consumers, you may benefit from a subscription.  When making a purchasing decision, don't automatically buy the best-rated item in the category.  Carefully evaluate how the product features fit your lifestyle, plus any price/feature tradeoffs.  Two years ago, I purchased the top of the line digital camera, found it difficult to use, and traded it in for an easier to use digital camera rated a bit less highly but which works better for me.  Overall, despite its flaws, CR is one of my favorite magazines and I read it cover-to-cover the day it arrives in my mailbox.
Price was origianally $30.00 annual for web subscription{29.00 for magazine},promo came my way for $20.00 for the year and i got it....Not bad ,fairly quick searchs ,etc. low on Software comparisons,etc... Bur great online shopping purchase area!
I like this magazine although at times some of the report seem bias or paid commercials. I know they swear is not but after a while of being a subscriber you start noticing coincidenceses. I still like it enough to be a subscriber, is informative, and helps to save money.
As the title relates, I reach for consumer reports before any product that costs near or over 20.00.  For the most part, I have been pleased, but, they can only review what is in their queqe for a certain amount of years, they have no idea what may happen to that item a few years down the road.  For example, I researched through CR, a 750.00 front drive, walk behind, rear bagger JD lawn mower that was superb..........till it was recalled about 7 years later for the exact issue that destroyed mine.......750.00 down the drain.  JD is an exceptional lawn product producer, so it is likely that model is the only one ever recalled, I have no idea.  However, it was NOT the fault of CR...........I still maintain subscriptions to them!
would order again.  very good experience.  magazine is very helpful in making buying decision.  I used CR all the time.
I like Consumer Reports, but I don't like that I don't get full access to their website even though I subscribe to the magazine.
I'm not sure why Consumer Reports is getting so much flak in the reviews, because they still are a great starting point for many larger (and occasionally smaller) purchases. Of course you shouldn't ONLY trust Consumer Reports, but for things such as cars and appliances they are usually really good and thorough in their reviews and somewhere in their top selections lies a winner. Even when I bought my Civic previously, they ranked it high but for some reason stated the Ford Focus was the "car to buy" at that price point; still, if you actually read the reviews you can come to your own conclusions. They try to be objective, but choosing a "best of" tends to come down to subjective points and its up to you, as the consumer, to decide which factors are most important.Since my car purchase, I had unsubscribed from them for a few years (just didn't have any major purchases in the pipeline, so I didn't need it), but since re-subscribing I actually find their articles to be better written then previously. Like I said, you still need to make your own decisions, but if you follow most of their reviews and guidelines you'll at least land in the general vacinity of what you need and avoid some major catastrophes as well. And yes, I'm quite technically savvy, and use this as a starting point, but if you aren't savvy you'll be far better off going with a CR recommendation then you will over just believing what advertisers promote.And yes a PC magazine might be better at reviewing PCs, but again, as somewhat who works as a computer tech for major organization, they're pretty darn biased as well (my personal recommendation is that the brands don't mean anything unless you're a major organization with a service plan, they're all made with the same parts produced in the same factories; best to look up specific models and read reviews on Newegg or Amazon instead and take those with a grain of salt).Anyways, I recommend Consumer Reports, but I do wish they were slightly cheaper to subscribe to. I also will state that, as someone who watches a lot of TV, I appreciate many of their articles on "As Seen on TV" products, since I'm often curious (most are garbage, but every once in a while something decent comes along).
This Magazine was ok the first several issues. But it seems like they repeat alot of reviews. I've seen several reports for tablets, Tv's cell phones. I know that these things are constantly changing but it gets kinda old to me. But on the plus side there is a lot of good information about products and many different products reviewed. Highly recommend if you are wanting to do some research before buying a replacement product or something new.
The magazine is thinner than I remember, and much of the consumer protection info is common sense. But the ratings are useful.
I've been a subscriber for about five years now.  A couple of times, I've considered not renewing.  Then I'll get an issue that seems to make the entire year's subscription worth it.  Stuff like washing machines, new cars, computer monitors, even sunscreen.  At a minimum, these truly independent reviews (the organization is non-profit and the magazine is ad-free) focus you on the pivotal issues regarding each product and provide questions to ask in making your purchase.  At its best, it pretty much does your screening for you and all that's left for you to do is choose between 2 or 3 brands.  I also have to admit I get a good chuckle out of the last page, where consumers have submitted ads or product descriptions that are either misleading or just erroneous.  Every issue is not necessarily useful.  I think it's ridiculous for them to review things like cereal or restaurants, which I feel are personal preferences, or detergents, which are pretty similar nowadays.  But think about this magazine subscription as insurance against a bad purchase or as an investment that can pay you back several times over by saving you hundreds of dollars.  Bottom line:  it's worth the money.
Pros:They tell you what to look for when shopping for an item, along with reliability ratings.Cons:They send out subscription renewal notices 6 months in advance, taking advantage of people, especially seniors, with poor memories.
I'm in my mid thirties and reading this magazine, I have to admit, makes me feel old.  I'm not sure if it's because the content is targeted to older readers, or if it's presented in a dour manner.  Consumer Reports knows how to publish unbiased facts, and this publication lives up to that reputation - but combining cold hard facts and personal health is, I don't know, worrisome.  I can't say that I get excited about reading this magazine, but I'll continue to subscribe to it so that my wife and I, as well as our older parents can benefit from the many valuable articles and studies.  The primary weakness of this magazine is the diminutive amount of content.  The magazine is much shorter than other Consumer Reports publications, but priced similarly.  It takes me less than 30 minutes to read it cover-to-cover each month.
This is one of several monthly magazines subscriptions I subscribe to. As with most, take some tips and leave some. Not all will apply but I find it interesting to read every month.
Good information and I don't have to dodge the PR in so many other magazines of this ilk.  It contains news and information that is useful right away.
informative and helpful I enjoy putting many of the tips to use Good inspirationbut I DID NOT LIKE THIS RECENT COVER YUK
This is relatively light reading. Don't expect detailed plans for how to implement any of the ideas shown. However, I usually get at least a couple good ideas of out each issue. I prefer this magazine to Martha Stewart Living, which is more food-focused. Don't get me wrong - there are still plenty of food recipes in each issue of Country Living. However, it's a nice balance between articles on food, decor, DIY/crafts, flowers, and entertaining.UPDATE: I used to look forward to receiving my issues in the mail. However, the magazine seems to be going in a new direction. One part of that is focusing more on older items, such as expensive vintage items I could never afford to buy. Another part is focusing on rustic items with patina, but to me, the items just look rusty and neglected. Those gruff items are pricey too. I don't want to fill my home with a bunch of nonsense items. That includes the nature-inspired items such as taxidermy. I'm not sure what is going on with this magazine to be honest. It's still somewhat enjoyable to read, but I may not renew my subscription.
Before this edition, I'm not sure that I had ever looked through Country Living. The price was very reasonable, even though it feels and looks like a pricey one. There are colorful layouts, big pictures, and it's November and I've got the Dec/Jan issue in front of me which is a plus. Most of the advertised merchandise in their Fresh Picks section which takes 9 pages are out of my budget, but the magazine is nice to look and read through. There are also recipes, which are included as well, and a plus for those of us who like to try new recipes.
Can't wait for each new issue - great stuff!  Good hints for inexpensive decorating.  Great ideas without breaking the budget.
Of course I will have to wait a year to see what happens but when I tried to cancel an auto renewal on another magazine, what a hassle! Will wait and see how this one goes.
Well, I thought it would have a lot of recipes in it, but it turned out there were only a few towards the end of the magazine. But, they have pretty crafty and creative ideas that can inspire your own products.The Amazon price for the magazine is really cheap! And i got it a 2 weeks early of expected delivery. I would recommend it to others for the Amazon price!
I enjoy this magazine, especially the Vet's article.  I don't want it auto-renewal though.
I look forward to receiving this magazine.  Love the pictures, articles and craft ideas. My relaxing time!!
Where is the Ap for the digital version? The digital version exists. I love the magazine. I grew up with it. I hope to grow old with it
Country Living is a good, all around sort of magazine. I mean, there are always lots of decorating ideas, as well as many other useful and interesting articles and little tidbits of information. I have been getting this magazine for years--it is a staple for me.
Enjoyed the great ideas for decorating our home.  Getting ideas for great gifts was easy by looking through these magazines.
Always a good magazine, some good ideas in it, could use some more budget restricted articles, Maybe a little more shabby chic decorating articles
This is a wonderful magazine if you are a fan of - as the magazine title says - Country Living. There is bit of a modern edge to it all too, which I think makes it even more accessible.They refer to the Feb 2012 issue as "the White Issue" with decorating ideas that involve white/neutrals - lots of examples of antiques and replicas throughout the magazine.just a a quick sample of what's inside -* Collecting this month focuses on match safes with photos of gorgeous antique versions.* the center layout featuring a beautiful home done in pared back white and warm wood.* more on whites in formal and eclectic settings.* an article on the Coombs maple farm in Vermont with recipes for Sour Cream Pancakes with Maple-Pecan Butter and Tomato-Cheddar Strata.I like that this is one magazine I subscribe to that I see prices quoted for little splurges that are affordable like simple/functional yet gorgeous custom stamped leather luggage tags for $13.95. This is already the second place in the issue in just the first few pages that highlights women artisans and made in the USA hand crafted goods. This magazine tries to keep things accessible to its readers, quoting sources we can use not just designer industry insiders.Yes, there are a ton of ads (like pretty much any other magazine) but if the ads help keep my subscription cost to a measly $5 per year then the ads are fine with me!Pleased with this purchase and definitely recommended.
Very up to date articles for the home and interesting.  Love the section of antiques article section.  It is small but I always find it interesting.
I HAVE SUBSCRIBED TO COUNTRY LIVING FROM THE BEGINNING. I STILL HAVE THE FIRST ISSUE. OVER THE LAST FEW YEARS HOWEVER, I HAVE BEEN DISSAPOINTED. IT SEEMS EVERY ISSUE A WHITE ROOM IS FEATURED. IT IS GETTING OLD REAL FAST. I WISH THEY WOULD FEATURE MORE ROOMS THAT HAVE COLOR.I ALSO WISH THEY WOULD MAKE IT EASIER TO CONTACT THEM IF YOU DON'T RECIEVE AN ISSUE. THAT SAID OVERALL IT IS A GREAT MAGAZINE AND I WILL CONTINUE TO SUBSCRIBE.
I live in the middle of a city, but I usually find some helpful ideas in each issue that I can apply.
I can't remember why I originally subscribed to this magazine, because normally the word "country" would have put me off--it brings to mind those ducks in scarves.  I'm really glad I did, though, because I think it's probably the best of the household magazines.  All of them tend to be repetitive because, after all, how much more can you say about this subject after a couple of years?  This magazine seems to continue with a freshness that the others don't have, especially in the decorating pages.  There is more attention paid to lower budgets but at the same time an interest in art and artistic detail in home decorating. In addition, even the recipes are a little different. I really like Country Living and look forward to getting the new issues every month even though some of them are not what I had hoped.  But that's true of all of the household magazines, some more than others, especially around the holidays.  This one is at the top of the category and I only give it four stars because I wish it would put some of the creativity into the holiday issues.
It has improved tremendously over the last year or so, but still needs to stay consistent with the 'modern' fresh type of country living since the cutesy stuff has passed. Cooking is a hit and miss, I hate to say. Also, the ads are way too much, but otherwise I look forward to reading the magazine every month.
love the magazine...lots of good articles and recipes and household tips....not one of those mags filled with advertisements and few articles of interest.  will continue to enjoy country living.
This is  a great resource for individuals that enjoy country furniture, motifs and anything that has a country flair. The writers that contribute are very diverse and informational about a wide variety of topics.
I don't recall being notified that this renewal was pending. Luckily I LOVE this magazine and I am trilled to have renewed!
The magazine I got for a great deal on amazon. However inside the magazine it is mostly advertisements. It does have some good articles. It features a lot on antiques more than the country theme. I got this as a gift for someone. It always arrives on time so no complaints in the delivery department.
Wow! This magazine came rather quickly and for an excellent price! Thanks Amazon! I used to read the magazine years ago and stopped when I felt that it no longer connected with a younger audience. But the new editor the last few years, Sarah Gray Miller has really turned it around. She lends the magazine a younger voice. The magazine focuses on modern country decorating, eating, green living, and budget ideas. Sarah was the editor of my old favorite magazine Budget Living. It is so nice to hear her voice again! I highly recommend this magazine no matter what your age as long as you are interested in learning how to live well and simply-that is modern country living in my book!!
Although it has a lot of advertising, it is an informative magazine and gives helpful info about decorating in the country style.
I love this magazine, but the great price I had for the first year was not the price I was charged when it renewed.  The renewal notice I received said that they could not guarantee the same price, but it might be the same, so I had to commit to the renewal before I knew what the charge would be.  Of course it was more than twice what the first year was!
This is one of the few magazines that I really like. The pictures are great and the articles are interesting, if not relevant to my life at the moment. A person can always come away with some idea or starting point.
BEWARE AUTO-RENEWAL!  The magazine is great, but because of the auto-renewal-option only now, is not suitable as a gift.  Who wants to receive a gift subscription, then be billed at end of subscription period? Amazon, please go back to allowing customers to select non-renewal or auto-renewal!
There are lots of great articles on decorating, food and everything to make your home and life a little more energized. Lots of terrific tips, too, on new products/ ways to do things plus internet finds. I'm always excited to read the new issue!
I bought the subscription for my wife, got a great deal on it for $5.00 a year on an Amazon.com special.  I personally think this and other books like it have way too much ad saturation, but for the price, that can be easily overlooked.  According to my wife, she thinks Country Living has some good articles and information in each issue.  Remember, this is based on the incredibly low subscription rate of $5.00 through Amazon.com
I've been a faithful reader of Country Living for over ten years. It's my favorite for decorating ideas (and gardening). I love antiques, found-treasures, textiles and good recipes. This one has it all.
So far only received one issue, but used to subscribe to it many years ago. Pictures are nice and I intend on getting many ideas to spruce up my 22 year old home.
I have continued to get this Magazine subscription for almost 4 years now. I really enjoy the pictures and the many different ways to do "country". I began subscribing because I was gathering information on opening a "Bed and Breakfast" and I wanted to see the looks that were out there that said "cozy" and "homey". This Magazine has never let me down I find that I enjoy the section that they have called "Real Estate Sampler" as well as the product information that they have in the back of the book.I used to get over 16 Magazine Subscriptions, and for me to keep subscribing to this one speaks volumes(please check out my other Magazine reviews)The other Magazine that I liked about as much as this one along the same lines is House & Garden.Happy Reading
Not really much else to say about it.  I think the quality is good but there seems to be a lot of overlap from other home magazines.
An outstanding magazine even if all you wish to do is look at the pictures.  Great ideas and for a great price.
I love this magazine. I like the decorating ideas, and the recipes are always good to try. There is good everyday information, which makes for enjoyable reading.
Each issue contains something that is interesting or informative or a new idea.  I plan to continue it in the future.
The magazine is nice.  Has many suggestions and all but I thought it would provide more ideas than it actually does.
I like to give magazine subscriptions as gifts...........that way the recipient receives a gift every month in the mail.  I like this magazine
I subscribe to this magazine, bought a subscrip for my mom.  It's got a little bit of everything and isn't too country, despite the title.  I live in AZ, I don't decorate with roosters and cows nor do I like red and white checkered tablecloths. The other mags I subscribe to are "This Old House", "Yoga Journal" & "In Style" and this magazine is still perfectly enjoyable to me.
this is a good magazine for anyone that likes the country theme and way of living  its really good but you have to be into that
I used to get Country Living Magazine many years ago but the subscription became too expensive. But for $5 a year, I'll take it. I gave it 4 stars because there is so much less content than years ago.
I have been a subscriber of Country Living for many years, and before that I bought them at the news stand.  The magazine has changed in recent months, and I do miss the old style, but I Love all the features it has.  I always look for things that I have done or things I own among the pages.  It's always fun to see that others love the same things I do.  I definitely "do" garage sales every weekend in the good weather, so I have my eye out for things and ideas I see in this magazine.  Thanks Country Living.
Not only did I receive notice of an auto renewal but I received a notice in the  mail for the renewal.  Since the mail notification came first and I did not want my subscription to stop I paid it.  I should now receive the magazine for two years with no renewals.
have to pare down money and time issues, so this one lost out, but its one of my favorites, its got great antique finds crafty ideas, i like that, but but verand and traditional home won the toss to keeep
One of my favorite shelter magazines...creative more than trendy! Always find pictures/ideas I want to save.Nice page layout and design, too.
First time subscriber! Love the first issue! Already found 4 decorating inspirations for my apartment. Will be subscribing again! Love it
I enjoy this magazine because decorating and living advice is down to earth. I look forward to receiving each month.
Details is a solid mag that contains some good useful stuff in each issue, but be aware that it also has some fashion and advise that are more for novelty than actual use. Also the fashion is angled more for NY and high end markets than LA or West Coast.
I subscribed to Details because I'm interested in the male psyche. I also like looking at the male celebrity pictures and the guy models on ads. Its not the most politically correct article on the planet, for one the last page is called "gay or...?" In which the writer tries to uncover if a certain type of person is gay or not, and no conclusion is actually ever given so I suppose its for the reader to decide.Its a very stereotypical part of the magazine, but beyond that there are cool articles to read from male perspectives. I also enjoy reading the celebrity interviews, in addition they include interviews with female celebrities. I don't agree with everything that is printed here, but certain articles have made me think and I've actually gotten a lot out of it. It helps me understand guys and I do agree with certain opinions. The mag leans toward the liberal and is unabashed in its attitude to do so. I like it a lot, it may  not be for everyone and that's fine.
Really affordable subscription compared to GQ and other magazines. I also like the fact that they show clothing form different price ranges and not just high end like GQ does.
I move from Maxim to Details because Maxim is targeting 14 - 17 old boys and every issue is comming more and more immature.
Details is a men's magazine like Cosmopolitan is for women.  The contents of Details is like that of other men's magazines like GQ and Esquire, but Detials has a tendency to have more articles on movie stars (such as in the May 05' edition with articles about movie stars: Mat Dillon, and Mark Wahlberg)along with articles on politics/recent news, etc.  BUT, Details also has articles on: fashion, culture, food and drink, movies, music, books, etc.  Detials magazine is more for individuals who want to know about news/politics among other things than for someone who is more geared towards fashion.
Jeff Goldblum's character in "The Big Chill" said that he couldn't write an article longer than the average person could read during a, er, "trip to the library" (wink, wink, nudge, nudge, know what I mean?). The writers at Details seems to have the same marching orders. In these hectic times, maybe that's not so bad. The articles I have read are well researched and nicely bite-sized.  I actually finished the entire magazine between PM mail delivery and breakfast the next day. The topics they covered in my first issue ranged from fashion to health concerns. And, again, they cover the topics in very few, well-written pages. I do think the models look like under-fed children but at my age, that could be tunnel-vision (grey hair, I remember Filmore East, you get the picture?). My suggestion, take a look. It's a magazine with an interesting voice and it may be for you.
I'm a female, but I like this magazine just to see how guys are haha.Layout, design, and articles are enjoyable.and good price for a year round subscription.
I was a big fan of Details my freshmen year in college...until new editors came in and changed the format of the magazine I loved.  Smart-eleke remarks were converted into cultured critiques.  Weird photo spreads started to bare striking similarities to photo shots by Vogue.  I no longer felt as if I was getting inside the head of a wise cracking, &quot;hipster&quot; male but being forced to listen to the ponderings of guys who took themselves WAY too seriously.  (Its never cool to try too hard and one GQ is enough.)  But I picked it up again about a year ago and saw that it is slowly coming back to its old style. Its still a good buy.
Yes, there are a lot of ads. No, this is not award winning journalism. Regardless, I like Details, quite a bit actually. I travel a lot and subscribe to MANY print publications when they are on uber sale or free. One never knows what he will learn when reading. Anyway, I find myself folding more pages to refer back to in this mag than in the majority of my others. I also find myself laughing out loud, like a crazy person. There is usually one to two very funny articles every month. My favorite of all time was 'Are you raising a douchebag?' complete with a young kid wearing a blazer picture flipping off the camera.Plus, I don't feel like a pervert when reading. I honestly don't usually take Maxim with me anymore.
Details is much less indepth / informative as GQ or Esquire.  The articles are shorter in length and not as journalistic. Articles are more about lifestyles and less about sports / women and cars.  With reveiews that are typically a few paragraphs long.  The magazine itselfs seems geared towards a younger male and a more metrosexual lifestyle. The price is right and for $10 it a great investment as you most likely find a few things each month of interest.
...it would fall somewhere in between Details and Maxim. Details always had fashions from the edge with rock renegades, independent movie stars, rap artists, Hustler bunnies and super DJs and mixmasters as models. I remember when they had Samuel L and P Grier and them from &quot;Jackie Brown&quot; doing a spread. It ain't unusual for Details to be drenched in Street Versace, FUBU, Armani, Cardin, Bose, and Porsche. I was with them from the beginning and always liked the classic 'in-depth' reports from columnist Anka Radakovich and the great sound reviews. Details also keeps a reader on his toes because they stimulate the grey matter with reports of, for example, environmental concerns, War and the fight for better consumer safety. Overall, a good mag.
I'm not a scientist or in the science field for that matter but this magazine is ok from what I've gathered. I've only gotten one issue so far so I cannot make a very informed judgment on it. I got it for $10 for a year so I think it is a good value.
My husband and grandson love this magazine.  It's full of innovative ideas and products.
This is great for someone who wants to keep up with new discoveries in the science and technology.  Very readable and up to date stories.
This magazine is very educational.  The majority of my family enjoys reading this magazine that covers a variety of topics.  It is a great resource for school reports and papers, too.My only concern or warning for parents wanting to use this magazine for educational purpose is that it does contain "adult" advertising in the back.  Parents' discretion.
This is a great magazine that covers the lot of science, technology, space and everything (at least the interesting stuff) in between.  You can pick it up and quickly read the shorter articles, or if you have a little more time, there are a few longer ones as well.  Discover is ALWAYS interesting and worth the price.
When I was an undergraduate, I used to get this magazine every month, and I loved it.  I loved the broad range of topics from archeology to cybernetics and everything in-between.  Then the other day, I picked up a copy of Discover, and I just wanted to put it down.  I'm a grad student, and I read technical journals all the time, so when I pick something up for pleasure reading I want it to be mindless, and Discover is not.  Many of the topics that I know about were explain in more detail than I would have expected for a lay publication. The articles are well written and each is fully explained so that anyone not in the field who reads them carefully could understand them.  I think Discover is great for anyone who is not a scientist but has a broad interest in scientific advances or for undergraduates who aren't sure which field to pursue.
I love reading this magazine because it highlights a lot of the science we all can enjoy. I'm no blockhead, but I'm no Ivy League professor either, so I want to read about things that I can (a) understand, and (b) appreciate. Discover is able to accomplish both.The front-of-book section is excellent for getting a &quot;Reader's Digest&quot;-type version of research people are doing, or nifty gadgets people are building. In that way, I think it can be better than &quot;Scientific American&quot; or other counterparts because it has a broader appeal. Features are often on things I want to know more about -- electricity, weather, DNA research, outer space, robots, etc. Yes, it's a good dose of &quot;pop science&quot; as another reviewer put it, but that's exactly what a lot of people like, and if that description fits you, you're in for some good reading.It's better than watching most tv programs, any way, and a lot cheaper as well.
We have enjoyed "Discover" magazine for several years and have found that is has improved over time. The magazine generaly provides well written and solid articles, geared for the layman. My science minded teens also enjoy it and have used some of the contents as the basis for science projects.Discover covers a wide range of science and technology related fields, including phyiscs, bio-engineering, medical, space, energy, and more. The photos and diagrams are good and mostly useful, but can sometimes be "hit or miss".For science and technology presented in clear format for the layman, this magazine is recommended! You might also be interested in Seed
I'd never seen this magazine before now. I was searching for a gift for my husband, who couldn't be harder to shop for. When I read the description, I knew he'd enjoy it. I never imagined that I too would find it interesting. We've both found articles about subjects we didn't even know we'd want to read about, but found ourselves enlightened, educated and entertained. I'd recommend Discover magazine to anyone who wants to read something a cut or two about the usual; who wants to encounter articles written by knowledgeable authors about unexpected new interests that actually ask you to use your brain.
This publication is enjoyed by myself and my family. We were surprised that it did indeed come sooner than the time stated. The value could not be beat. This title is recommend for those who love science and technology.
will look at it, please wait for details before I review, thanks. Looks like a good mag. will need to read.
my teenager daughter and i read them often. for her, she finds them a bit repetitive, and not too different from one edition to the next. for me, it is an easy reading for very busy people, and give me a chance to read a little more on things that i have been concerned about, or needed additional information on, at a glance.the May edition had a very good article regarding the dangers of plastic which i shared with other folks especially childbearing women and men. i think that is the beauty of these articles, they are not so long as they are not an essay on any subject matter, however, it does provide enough info to get the public's attention so people can go for more research if they wish to get deeper. i will continue receiving my subscriptions.
I rarely read Magazines anymore. It seems that the print media is just speeding up their demise. Discover Magazine however, is one of the few printed magazines I still subscribe to. I just recently renewed my subscription for 3 years because I enjoy it so much. Although I don't always agree with the opinions and comments the magazine contains, I find the stories interesting and educational. I usually read the entire magazine in just a few sittings (I admit I sometimes skip an article or two) and always feel like I have received my money's worth. Decent magazines are hard to find these days. If you are interested in Science, you will enjoy reading Discover Magazine every month.
I have an eclectic knowledge base.  I like the diversity the magazine offers and doesn't get bogged down in technical jargon.  I especially like the true medical stories that appear monthly.  A little pricey.  Great for the person who likes to know a little something about a lot of things.
Discover is a great science and technology magazine with interesting articles. I always read almost every article in each issue.
Very Interesting.  Discover articles are always informative, and alwys worth the time to read, and keep for future reference.I always keep back issues.
Once upon a time, Discover magazine was like Readers Digest for science topics right down to its miniature format.  Discover today is little more than a Scientific American wanna be.  They cover a broader range of topics and I love their coverage of science trends/possibilities that SA (to which I also subscribe) seems to think is beneath them.  A couple years ago they tried a format change that turned Discover into a pop science rag (right after I mailed in my 5 year renewal, doh!).  Now they're back but they've lost something I liked: The number of small articles covering a broad range of topics (R&amp;D section) has decreased significantly.  This was a format responsible for their early success.  I still subscribe to the magazine but as far as I'm concerned Scientific American is clearly the better choice at this point.
I just received my first issue of the subscription I bought from Amazon.  There were many interesting articles.  The one called, "The Beating Heart Donors" caught my attention.  I also thought brain dead meant complete death & ready to bury or harvest organs.  I barely read Airport 2052 as I don't expect to be around at that time considering that I'm 81  years of age.
My Dad is 93 and pretty bored, so I got this subscription for him in hopes it will keep him at least entertained.  He got the first issue faster than I thought, which was great, and he likes it!
I like Discover because the percent of articles I care to read tends to be a little higher than Scientific American, which is one of other favorite magazines.  Discover at times can be a little too pop culture for me, but there always seems to be some interesting little nugget of knowledge in each issue that keeps me coming back.  This magazine helps to fill the void between popular weekly magazines (e.g. Newsweek, Time) and technical journals that require a Ph.D. to understand.  In this great era of science and technology, our democracy requires that we remain informed of important developments across the many fields in science.  This magazine helps us to do that, so it serves an important role.
The Magazine has less pages than it used to.  The information in the Magazine is great and is very easy for the average person to understand. Not like other science magazines that you need to be a rocket scientist to understand.
I subscribed this magzine last year. When I began to read it, I found it is more interesting than I expected. It has different kinds of articles about S &amp; T. And all staffs in it are state-of-art knowledges. So if you like S &amp; T, or you want to open your minds, this magzine is my recommendation.One thing does not satisfy me is I received the second issue almost 2 month after the first issue, whereas Discover is issued every month.
I have taken this magazine for several years and still am amazed at the wonderful discoveries in it.
I've read and subscribed to Discover magazine for years and have enjoyed their timely coverage of important scientific information. It is a magazine intended for more of an overview than in depth reading-however there are some reasonably indepth materials to be found.My major complaint with them is their very very deceptive renewal gimicks. From bogus renewal notices- they start at least 6 months before your subscription expires -to the 2 for one notices to entice to you to renew months before it is necessary. It is very easy to find a subscription price 1/2 of what you pay directly to the company- so for loyal customers you pay nearly double what can be found elsewhere on the web. Love the magazine and fed up with the gimicks.  Read the magazine beware of the renewal process!
So erratic, I hate the 'politically correct' articles... some issues I discard without reading, but others are wonderful.
I like the content, but the format (flow) is not smooth.  Examples would be sky and telescope and astronomy.  Sorry, they just catch the eye.
As the earlier reviewers have stated, &quot;Discover&quot; is not a heavy hitter.  It presents the world of science and technology in such a way that the average reader does not need a degree in quantum physics or paleontology or forensics to understand the articles contained within its pages.In fact, this reviewer has used the magazine in his seventh grade class and the kids love it.
I really enjoy this magazine. It is easy reading and lets me keep a pulse on the world of science. For anyone who loves the world of science and technology.
I have the hardest times distinguishing an article from an ad. All the content is AMAZING, once I figure out I'm not reading an advertisement for something. I know it sounds silly, but flip through the magazine and see for yourself. I wish the editors would do something about that. I love everything this magazine reports on, but gee wiz, quit making little articles look like advertisements!
The present issue was better than it has been for a while. Marion Long's interview with Steven Pinker shed some light on the workings of our brains, & Jeanne Lenzer's article on "Citizen Heal Thyself," was also somewhat instructive. The latter verified what many lay folks & scientists have been saying & believing for some time. That STRESS is the great killer. It keeps our healthy cells from combating a wide variety of illnesses. A persons attitudes also, appear to be self fulfilling as well.Discover is not as good a magazine as it was say, ten years ago, But, it is trying to reach a far wider & less scientifically knowledgable audience than Scientific American. Therefore, comparisons are a bit unfair. The sections of the magazine like Neuroquest where the inner workings of the brain are explored are good. The brain teasers can also keep one alert & entertained. However, the magazine could certainly improve on the 95 pages having about 15-20 devoted to advertising. On the whole, still a worthy read.
An excellent value (at the Amazon price) for a superior technical news & features monthly publication.
This is a good magazine for learning about new things in science and medicine.  I especially like reading every issue's medical story where the doctors have an unusual case that they have to figure out.The most recent issue I read had a story about how the USA is falling behind is the space race and a story on how memory can be moved around in the brain to help those with Alzheimer's disease.Interesting stuff.
Has many interesting articles.  I have it magazine on our coffee table at work.  Everyone love's them.
The only thing I do not completely comfortable is too much commercial.Issues are good. :}
Discover is a fun magazine, and a much easier read than Scientific American.  Mind you, it does not have the density of it's fellow publication, but I seem to pick Discover up more often lying around the house.A nice broad range of categories are covered by Discover, with an eye for "topical science."  The editors are good at identifying scientific trends (like cloning), and are quick to get articles out.  This is a great benefit for those who want to stay knowledgeable about science, but do not have the time to invest in deep research.As with any science magazine,  fantastic pictures fill the pages.  Charts and images are well-used to illustrate and clarify unfamiliar topics.  A well put-together magazine.
It was amazing how fast we received our first issue. Since then we have received two more.
This Magazine includes a lot of good ideas and a lot of useful information i was looking for.
Very good magazine for people like me who like to do it yourself. The magazine has too many ads, but generally good advice on DIY projects. I've enjoyed reading it for years. Helpful to read before starting a major home project and also provides information on tested tools and gadgets.
I like this magazine as a sort of brain-storming idea-generating tool.  Most of the articles are not in-depth enough to be the sole source of plans for executing the ideas.  For instance a recent article about "DIY Solar Panels" was just a double-page-spread with most of the space consumed by a colorful diagram.  But the mere fact that it alerted me to the existence of these new DIY kits, made it worthwhile.
Always a few good tips each issue. However, over the years it seems like the stories repeat themselves a bit too much, with few changes. It is worth getting for the goods ideas (2-3) per issue.
I gave the magazine a 4 rating only because I like This Old House better. Family Handyman is a good magazine but they tend to spend a lot of time on one article.  I would rather have shorter articles on more subjects.  If you aren't interested in the article they are featuring there isn't much left to read in the magazine. But I do learn something new everytime I pick up the magazine.
GIve it a shot.....if you do any kind of handy work around the house or office, this mag will provide numerous helpful hints.
lets be honest most of us cant or wont do the majority of the projects, but its still got some tips tricks and inspiration.
I like this magazine.  I have yet to tackle many of the projects in my first few issues, but I did find some handy tips.  I am new at doing many carpentry projects or other home improvement tasks and this magazine provides simple and easy to understand tips on how to do things in a logical way.  My only gripe is the magazine is very  slim in content and could provide more information per month.
We enjoy reading the different articles on repairing or finishing rooms etc.  There is always an important tip that is new to us.
This "Family Handyman" magazine is a good choice for the home woodworking hobbyist and also for those that want to learn how to do basic home repairs. I am not "Joe Fix-It" and seriously count myself lucky to still have all my appendages after some bad attempts at working on projects around the house (my wife actually hid some of my tools after the infamous "Strap Wrench incident of '06"), but this magazine has a good selection of projects and ideas that occasionally fall into my skill range.The magazine is nicely laid-out and is easy to follow the articles and projects. It does have a lot of adds, which is actually not such a bad thing since I like to see new products.Very experienced handymen will not get a lot out of this, but it is usually helpful to me.Recommended!CFH
the subscription has some great ideas and is filled with information. They also review tools regularly which is helpful when looking to purchase.
This magazine is nicely laid out with lots of pictures and not too technical projects and has useful tips. Recommended.
Many useful articles such as the &#34;Too-Easy Pipe Fittings.  Selecting a lawnmower is not one of the useful articles.  I look forward to each issue.
Lots of good handyman tips that cover a wide variety of disciplines and written for non-pros.  Repairs for common electrical, plumbing, construction problems are presented in an illustrated and easy to follow article.
Good information, I enjoy it on my nook. There is always something I am able to use. Good layout for the e reader.
This is a great magazine that I have enjoyed a lot but if you may get a letter from them in the middle of your subscription (that I threw away because I had six months to go) you must read it, if you dont you may end up with a book plan you didnt order. The letter has a notice you must mail back or you will enrole in a book plan. If I want a book plan I will order it myself and avoid the hasle of returning a book or books I didnt order.I got mad and let my subscription expire, and months later I recieved a Bill from Handyman from an Marketing Manager indication I just ordered the magazine which I didnt.Great magazine but lousy marketing which can be a pain, great magazine just be carefull.
If you do most of the maintainace work around your house, besides the interesting wood projects, this is a great magazine for handy tips.  I pick up at least 2-3 per issue.  For me, that alone is worth the price.
I hate paying subscriptions, but this is one Magazine I have always liked reading. The quick ideas in the back are great.
I love this magazine.  Even though I am a woman (DYI'er) there are many tips and how-tos for me that I can handle.  I pass them on to my son-in-law who does improvements also.  I would recommend this magazine to anyone who likes home improvement projects.
This is a great magazine for all DIYers. Lots of tips and tricks. Surely helps to expand your home maintenance knowledge.
I have subscribed to Family Handyman off and on for years and although I no longer build a lot of stuff or even do much remodeling in my old age I always find something in each issue I can use.  Lots of tips to solve common problems around the house and car.  It is one of those mags I keep a stack of back issues.  Good bathroom reading.
Very helpful in all around the home repairs are just easy reading for any project you may have planned to do but was'nt sure you could do.
Great magazine.  Provides a lot of great tips and tricks and reviews of tools and power tools. and lawn care power tools
I  get other &#34;self help&#34; mags that the projects assume lots of abilities, time, and money I don't have. Family Hanyman gives easy to follow ionstructions on areas I am likely to do
I was a subscriber a few years ago when I had room for a small work area and I reallyenjoyed the mag. My new house has a big garage and I am looking forward to gettingback to enjoying using my tools for making stuff.
Simple, straight forward and easy to understand.  The articles were actually interesting and useful.  All the projects came with complete lists of needed items, clear, well-written directions, and useful tips.
Pros:1. You can learn a lot about how to fix things around the house. I don't really need this, since I been fixing things up since I was just a kid, but the review is worthwhile, I guess.2. Lots of information on new tools and gadgets and stuff. If you want to read about somebody else testing things instead of being a man and testing them yourself, I guess this is good enough.3. You can stick a copy in your back pocket when you cruise the handyman bars. To find a handyman. You know, to help you take care of things at home? A man you can call when you've got wood and you need a good nailing or drilling or a screw, maybe. What did you think I meant? You people are perverts.Cons:1. Lots of ads. It's almost like it is a paper mall full of people trying to sell you stuff.2. Very few, if any, pictures of handymen. The few they have rarely show any skin on men that usually have a surplus of it, and not a single money shot. Most of the pictures are of tools, and not the fun kind.It's probably best if you buy a copy somewhere and look at it first.
I'm really going to enjoy this. Lots of great projects...just not enough time! Highly recommend for anyone interested in DIY projects
I seldom take a chance when offered magazines (at a great price...almost to good to be true kind of deal). I saw Family handyman...at a great price...first issue just arrived (actually quicker than I thought it would..but cool). good value for this mag.  Thank You.
good book for the diyer since it has articals on projects that you can do. good list of new tools that are on the market and you get to see what other people have done to give you ideas.
This is a great magazine for the homeowner that hates to pay for an expensive repairman to come in for a 15 min. repair job.  It also has projects that you can do to help update your home if you need to "spuce" it up a bit.  I  know mine is always in need of updating.  This is great for our household.  We have been in our house 22 years, and the house is 31 years old.  We have put on 1000 sq ft., but the rest of it is stuck in the early 80's and not so pretty.  This magazine has helped from the very first issue.  Thanks so much.
Lots of great information for anyone who likes to DIY.  The tool reviews are very useful.  The only downside is that I will see a major feature on a project that I just completed.  Painting and flooring in the past year come to mind,  I would have saved a lot of time had I seen the pro tips.  Love the Wordless Workshop.
I subscribed to this because it was only $5 for a year, but have been surprised by how much I like it.  It is very simple, but good for ideas and inspiration.  The introductory-level of skill would make it a great gift subscription to give, especially to twenty-somethings getting their first home.
Excellent for tips on &#34;how to&#34;.....fix anything.  Very helpful and useful magazine, you will enjoy reading it!  Highly recommended and will continue with subscriptions.
Great price on a subscription too. Can't really justify renewing, since I don't own a home currently. Nice to review and keep up on with handyman skills and tips, though.
This is my fourth subscription to Handyman, I love it.  It did take forever for it to show up in the mail. Almost 4 months.
Having designed and built our own home with our own hands (layman, with strong skills in this area), this magazine will not furnish you with big ideas and "how to" to perform such endeavors. None surprising, given the title of the magazine.Never-the-less, I find it a fun rag to peruse and usually get right down to it, when it lands in my hands.I enjoy the ideas presented in this magazines; which are simple to create, with the how-to given within the pages. Ideas and instructions that an average person, with basic understanding of shop tools & materials can follow and complete in a relatively short time.The curious and casual homeowning DIY'er, I think, would appreciate this magazine the most. Though, do not expect to be "blown away."To give you an idea of what is included in this issue (03/10), my latest copy contains:Under Features:* Carved stone fountain (Build it in a weekend: no stone cutting experience required!)* Recipe for a lush lawn (Let Mr. Lawn show you how to wipe out weeds, water smart and fertilize right.)* Easy cabinet repairs (Simple fixes for everything from stubborn drawers to dull finishes.)* Tips for a low-maintenance pond (A little extra care and effort now will mean alot less work later.)Under Departments:* Home care & repair (Fix for crumbling brick mortar.)* Do's & Don'ts (Craft beautiful painted trim from MDF instead of wood.)* Instant Project (Wren houses made from vinyl fence posts and caps? Brilliant!)* New Tools & Gear (A big-heat soldering torch and a propane powered leaf blower.)* Question & Comment (Do-it-yourself rain barrels, extension cord repairs.)* Reader Projects (From trash to treasure.)* Car & Garage (Six easy, money saving fixes for ATV's and motorcycles.)* Dollar Savvy Homeowner (Choosing the right concrete landscaping block.)* Handy Hints (Stay put sofa shoes, no mess paint touch-up and more.)* Shop Rat (A mega table for portable table saws and a cool little bench.)* Wordless Workshop (Fast, easy workbench drawers.)* Great Goofs (A sledge, a fencepost and a water line. Need we say more?)You can visit the website: [...] to get an idea of the magazine, as well given extra ideas/tips that will not be shown in the magazine.I would like to see this magazine include, perhaps at least quarterly, a more complex project. I certainly do not think it would upset it's subscribers.When my subscription nears expiration, I plan to re-subscribe. Thus far, it's been a fun magazine to peruse and have found some useful ideas within. Here's hoping that they will see a benefit to it's readership and to their magazine, to occasionally place bigger ideas and how-to within their magazine periodically.
I like family Handyman Magazine,I don't like Readers Digest Association ! They send books that you did not order, then threaten you when you don't send them back or buy them.  They do the same with Birds and Bloom. They are a  bunch of Worms!
but it seems to be helpful when i do get to read something. there's always some kind of tip available.
The magazine is full of great information and tips. My husband and I both enjoy reading Family Handyman and always find some information that we can use on a project.
We have subscribed to Handman for many years.  This Handman 2 year subscription is the best price around.  I hope the price stays the same. This is one of our favorite magazines and offers many &#34;do it yourself&#34; projects.
Still has too much advertising for the regular price of the magazine.  Not sure if I will renew or buy in future on regular basis.
I used to subscribe to Todays Homeowner, a great rag.  Unfortunately it was purchased by This Old House which covers what the rich and famous own.  It's great to have dreams, but for those who want to act on them, or more appropriately, the rest of us, there is Family Handyman.For help redoing a floor, rehabbing a kitchen, replacing a deck,  discussions on the latest techniques you will want Family Handiman.  A great product easy to read in 30 minutes, with just the right amount of coverage with great pictures.
I have received Handyman magazine in the past and had really enjoyed it but had not renewed it when it expired several years ago.  This magazine has some really great and simple ideas for building the things you want to add to your home and yard.  The projects are very well explained and accurate measurements and building techniques are given to help you complete your projects.  I won't let it expire again!
I like this magazine a lot, however, it was a renewal order for my son as a gift and somehow it comes to me.I've tried to fix this, but so far no luck.
Really good information, especially all sorts of little tips and tricks for doing so many things easier and more accurately!
On time and a great mag. Many projects and handy tips! Can't wait for the next issue. Thanks for a great mag.
Better than TOH because more practical things featured that you might actually try, rather than just what seemed to be restorations of old homes.  TOH seems to always feature country kitchens etc while FH things I might actually try.
I signed up for this subscription because I wanted to learn how to do more around the house, but it didn't really deliver that for me.  This magazine is targeted towards people already skilled in such matters, and is too technical for most laymen.  I hardly have a reciprocating saw in my garage!  At best I have a power drill and a decent toolbox.
Great magazine! If you like working on home projects this is the mag for you. A great price compared to the cover price.
I ordered right before Christmas and it was here within a month.  So far I'm really enjoying the project ideas, tool reniews, tips, etc.  My husband and I both read through the whole thing.  I imagine after a year or so we will start seeing the same things popping up, and will cancel.  But for now, we're really enjoying insight into projects we thought we couldn't tackle...now we can.
Like the handy tips.  Most projects I won't do , but like seeing how they would be constructed.However, sent in tips that i have never seen or been contacted about.
I have subscribed to Family Handyman for ten years or so.  The mag is great and has great ideas, tips, features, etc.  My only complaint is that there are (too frequent) repeats of projects/similar projects.  How many times do I need "the best garage storage system..."?  Still, I take it all in stride b/c that's what happens when you are a long-term reader.  Let's put it this way, the last time I renewed my sub., I made it for four years and and added a two gift subs.  The good out-weigh's the bad.  (And, heck, $1/month?!  Enjoy.  (And get to work!))
Very easy to follow directions with price sheets (variable according to location) and advice as to duration of labor and difficulty rating. The projects are very useable and not meant to be showcased but rather items to be used and enjoyed.
Love this magazine. It contains lots of helpful and useful information and good pictures to show the process.  I look forward to it arriving in the mail each month.
This is a good mag.There is enouph usefull info, presented clearlly, to be well worth the subscription price.
A guy at work kept leaving these on the break room table and I got addicted to this magazine. The price is low enough I got a subscription a few years ago and have every year since. There's a wide variety in the types of articles in this magazine ranging from how to articles for home repairs to new articles about new products. I always learn something new or see some good ideas when I read this magazine. This magazine has helped me become a better homeowner.
The amount of non-advertiser content in this magazine is pretty small, even more so when you take away the amount of reader-submitted tips.  Still, I like getting it and the tips are handy.
Written by pros for average homeowners.Previews tools & costs for jobs.practical & useful projects.Very good price for all you get.
A lot cheeper than the renew subscription price.
I ordered this for my son and thinking about ordering one subscription for me and husband, has some very good articles on do it yourself projects. I would recommend this, also makes a great gift that last all year long.
This is the third time I have purchased Handyman Magazine for family members as gifts.  This time, I misunderstood how to gift the item.  Unfortunately, I did not have a second chance to send the magazine to a family member as a Christmas Gift.  After calling, the only recourse I was given was to to refuse the magazine when it comes (because it is coming to me instead of my son in Atlanta), call and cancel the order and reorder.  Unfortunately, doing this, it will not reach my son in time for Christmas.  I would like to see something built into the system that gives a second chance to bill me, but send as a gift.
Ive been getting the magazine for about 2 years now and have loved reading it.  The "handy hints" are great little tips that you never would have thought of.I signed my father up for a subscription that was dicounted because of my current one and since then (2 months ago) I havent received another issue to my own house.I called them to let them know and the customer service was terrible compared to most.-took 15 minutes to navigate all the prompted menus-voice recognition continually made me repeat, dragging it out longer-customer service agent barely spoke english, and was difficult to converse with-told me that they would give me an extra issue at the end of my subscription, for missing the DOUBLE issues that I was missing.I finally got it straightened out after about 30 minutes on the phone and they have no idea why it happened.Other than this mishap, the magazine is layed out well and has TONS of helpful information for the DIY'er out there.
It's a great guide of home improvement projects.  I like the detailed information and the variety of projects offered.  One thing I don't like is all the advertisements.  My last issue had 5 out of the first pages as advertisements - it's my only gripe.
This has been a nice publication for many years.  I have found it very useful, both as a ood source of tips and  as a reference.
I got hooked on this magazine by one of its non-subscription publications.  It prints a conglomeration of all the tips for the year or more in one magazine.  I bought that issue, then I bought the regular subscription.  I like the tips and hints they put in the magazine.  The color pictures are great.  As with every do-it-yourself publication, the directions are easier said than done.  I like it as an idea mill and a way to see what's new in the home improvement world.  There are also selection guides for home-improvement products and instructions on home maintenance issues.
Great source of information.
I look forward for this magazine to arrive each months.  Articles are informative and most of the time pretty interesting!
It was a gift but this is a good catalog I would recommend this and I will renew for a gift.
Excellent sporting magazine featuring great hunting and fishing stories along with reviews of new equipment that has been tested in the field.
I bought this as a gift for my nephew and he loves it. It keeps him connected to the sport he loves
If you can't get out yourself it's sometimes nice to read about others accounts of their adventures.  F&S is good Magazine, has some good articles, great illustrations and artwork, don't see that anywhere else these days.
I enjoy reading it. It has articles about Field & Stream which are interesting. Good articles about hunting and fishing.
This magazine used to be my favorite till I realized some of the writers have never been outdoors.  To many mistakes on tips and firearm information for my tastes now that I have some wisdom.
If your looking for a degree in Wildlife management go to college and spend a bunch of money! If your looking for interesting reading material I would say this is my favorite outdoor magazine. By the way I am a student in Wildlife managemet and 99% of the time what they say is true. And the way they write it makes it so much nicer to read than text book!
I do travel consulting with my husband at our startup firm and we get a lot of older clients in our office. I got turned onto Amazon for buying our reading materials: it&#8217;s so much cheaper than going into Wal-Mart or any other store to get the magazines directly off their shelves. Field & Stream is a big hit with our clients, and it&#8217;s a steal at this price for a year&#8217;s subscription.
I really like the magazine and I purchased it for my 12 year old son.  I do have to rip out some of the add pages from the back that are adult in nature.  I wish I didn't have to do this because I occasionally have to loose some information that I want.
I am a fan of fishing, but do not do much hunting. It is well diversified in that it has to do with both. There are great articles to read. I would recommend it to hunters and fishers.
This is a good outdoor magazine! Every issue has something I am interested in. It is easy to recommend subscribing to this publication.
This is a great magazine that arrived quickly. Has good articles about hunting tips and practices. As of course with every magazine it seems like there are more advertisements than anything else, hence the 4 instead of 5.
Its a good magazine.  I get them monthly, and get some bathroom reading done.  4 stars given because i dont absolutely need this magazine, but it was cheap and has some good articles.
Magazine is always a hit and I buy it as a gift for my boyfriend and all his buddies. The only disappointment was the auto-renewal. Last issue of the initial subscription came and then the same issue arrived as the 1st issue of the renewal subscription. No big deal and I am sure if I whined, Amazon would fix it.
Good magazine - we were looking for more animals from wisconsin - liked outdoor wisconsin better - if you hunt out west - you would probably like this magazine better
I am fortunate enoguht not to have to spend too much time in doctor or dentist waiting rooms, but when I do I always reach for F&S. Love the stories about near brushes with death - makes waiting for a cavity filling less scary!
I really enjoy most of the content in Field and Stream and would reccomend it if you are interested in hunting and fishing and like to read about it.My only real gripe is the speed of delivery, and I REALLY get impatient waiting for the November issue. (Deer hunters best days of the rut feature of course!)When I am at a grocery store and I see the magazine I am subscribing to sitting on the shelf SEVERAL DAYS before I recieve my copy in the mail,(for the last 3 years) it is more than aggravating and in my opinion gives a little insight into how much they value their customers.I don't know if this is some shipping in bulk to a store by whatever method is faster than to your mailbox and is unavoidable issue or not, and I really don't care. When you subscribe to a magazine it should arrive at the very latest, the same day your local store has it.In fact it should arrive sooner. Just my 2 cents.
THIS MAGAZINE HAS BEEN AROUND LONGER THAN I HAVE. GOOD OUTDOOR ARTICLES. AMUSING SHORT STORIES,AND OUTDOOR LIVING INFORMATION. FISHING, HUNTING, CAMPING, OR JUST ENJOYING WHAT GOD HAS CREATED.
better than store price and it comes to your house. after the first issue they come on time and good deal. not much to say its a mag. lol
I do really enjoy this magazine. It is filled with good stories, field instructions/tips, and pictures. My only complaint is that I would like it to cover more salt water fishing.
I find the magazine thought provoking.  Editor-in-chief Forbes and Publisher Karlgaard normally provide some interesting opinions and insights, as do many of the other regular and guest columnists.
If you are sensative about your politics then this magazine will have a profound effect upon you.  Liberal?  You'll hate it - and miss its more subtle and profound insights into raw capitalism.  Conservative? You'll love it - and miss its more subtle and profound insights into raw capitalism.Forbes must be read with an open mind.  It is unabashedly capitalist, boldly conservative, and stunningly pro-business.  But it's editorial arguments (the various editorals are its best feature) are always intelligently written and very effectively made.  Regardless of your personal views you will find the opinions compelling.  This magazine will make you think and, as a result, you'll get more than your money's worth from your subscription.Each issue also offers a variety of thoroughly explained investment recommendations, analysis of current economic and business conditions, extended articles on major topics of the day.  Most fun, however, are the periodic 'annual issues' such as "The Forbes 400" (Fascinating.  Again, regardless of your personal views you won't be able to put this issue down).Forbes' unapologetic focus on wealth and profits will irritate some, inspire others, and fascinate all.
Interesting, well written articles.If you have the money (no pun intended), then you ought to get it
This is a good magazine, basically, just like it has been for years!  I probably won't renew, mainly, because I just don't seem to have time to read it.  It does have some good ideas!
I have been a great fan of this magazine for over three years. It has wonderful storys and fashion tips.
Lots of ads to sift through before getting to the articles.  I like how they recommend particular products, but they feel biased as if the manufacturer paid for them.  I would have given this 3 stars because it's pretty average, but I subscribed when Amazon ran a great sale.  The savings bumped it up an extra star.
After having subscribed at various times to everything from Martha Stewart's &#34;Real Simple&#34; to &#34;Family Circle,&#34; I find that Good Housekeeping remains my favorite.  Here are the features that make it shine above its competitors1) Real, scientific product reviews of practical items from knives to pillows to wrinkle treatments2) Featured clothing styles, while still averaging above my Target and Ross budget, tend to be significantly more approachable than most magazines which seem to consider it normal to pay three figures for a pair of pants.3) Recipes tend towards the practical and relatively achievable even on a weeknight.  There are some semi-exotic options, but in general they don't call for terribly expensive ingredients. I appreciate their &#34;Triple Test&#34; methodology on said recipes, where several different cooks from their test kitchen make the dish, varying equipment and ingredient brands.While I have little use for celebrity interviews, everyone's got them and I won't make an issue of them.  I almost always enjoy their essay or book excerpts, their cleaning and organizational tips, and most of their other repeating features.
I recently order the Good Housekeeping for such a low price I couldn't resist it. I had never really looked thru this magazine before but I really love it. Has good articles and the recipes are very good.
I enjoy the magazine and the price. Also how you automatically  set it up for renewal. Thank you so much.
I have been reading GH since I was 18 (now 72 and still clicking!)  The ads are geared to skinny girls barely into their 20s.  Phooey!  The stories can appeal to all ages.  And I really enjoy the informational articles.  I have learned to trust GH's evaluation of products and services.  And the recipes are usually worth trying.
This was sent to my mailbox, instead of to the intended recipient, even though it was purchased from her Amazon Wish List.
Good Housekeeping has long been a favorite of mine for household tips, remedies, articles and recipes.  I always find helpful hints, and I enjoy the heartwarming stories.  I just don't appreciate auto-renewal.
Have enjoyed Good Housekeeping Magazine for many years and still find it a good read.  Would recommend to others as the articles and home tips are very interesting.
I read the reviews for this mag and saw a few friends with it and thought I'd try it. I'm so pleased I did! what an excellent resource as a newly wed like my self,there is a wealth of useful info related to house care,child care,marriage care along with beauty and fashion. I love the tips on organising,these have been especially helpful as I am now developing a household routine while juggling a demanding career. I haven't been blessed with kids yet but I've found the child care articles very insightful and I'm sure to be appling some of this knowledge when I do have kids.
I enjoy this magazine.  It has many good &#34;tested&#34; recipes; good stories and real life happenings to real about that keep you looking forward to the next issue.
Great buy for the price.Does have lots of ads but makes upwith good enough content.
I always enjoy looking through this magazine.  It has some good health articles and recipes.  Some of the craft ideas are fun but tend to be a little expensive as are the fashion and home improvements.  Lovely to see but too expensive for the average person.  I wish there was a little more information geared to seniors.
Ok, so you wrote in forever ago and will probably not see this...  Size 8-16 in USA clothing is equivalent to about size 16-32 in the UK.  As you can see, this magazine targets the average American woman.
Ok, Amazon has it at 10.00 as of Feb 2004, and the cover price is 2.50 Enough said right there. But let me inspire you further, Amazon's price is even cheaper than directly from the publisher!!! OK, as for the magazine itself, this is another one my mom likes to read and which I find myself checking out from time to time. Good Housekeeping has existed for many years and is ranked 5th in the USA for sales! It has a circulation of over 4,000,000. It covers an array of topics including: food, fitness, beauty, child care, money management, health news, travel, and human interest stories. This is a magazine that would be great for any homemaker (is that one word or two?) If you are a parent or someone who has their own place, this magazine could be a big benefit to you. It's main aim is at women, though many men read it for its insightful articles.
Love this magazine. It is one of my favorite magazines and I subscribe to quite a few. Would order again
I enjoy the fiction in the magazine each month and the recipes and home care suggestions are excellent.  I order this magazine for a daughter inlaw as well.
This one is an old favorite and one I find myself saving articles and recipes from all the time. I gave it four stars only because of the intrusive advertising!
I renewed my subscription through this method.  Unfortunately, I amreceiving 2 magazines.  I have contacted GH 2x, but still receiveduplicates.  I will be complaining further if this continues, or ifmy subscription is lessened by the duplicates.
I have always subscribed to good housekeeping and this is a good way to get a good price and its an easier way to renew it!
Took one month to start coming in the mail.  Very good price for a 1 yr. subscription.
I subscribe to Good Housekeeping because the magazine is full of consumer advice and tips, that alone has saved me well over the cost of the magazine.Good Housekeeping is a trusted name that tests and reviews products making their own suggestions, giving them the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval.I have received so many good savings websites and tips that I keep subscribing just to save money.
Good Housekeeping Magazine was not only full of recipes but it had a few good coupons as well!  I was really happy when I received it came so quickly. The best part was that it full of so much information. I am really glad I ordered it. I received the one with Paula Deen on the cover and it was chock full of Thanksgiving recipes. I am still tweaking my recipes and am coming up with ideas. This will provide more informaton and help.
Of the myriad of womens' magazines on American newsstands, Good Housekeeping stands out for many reasons, the main one of which is that the products they endorse are backed up by a three-year (!) refund promise from the magazine should a consumer find the product defective in any way (as in the magazine's endorsement didn't match what the product really does).  I don't know of any other magazine that offers such a guarantee to the public.  Such sincerity and professionalism mean a lot in this day and age!Also their recipes are triple-tested and they have the courtesy (and, again, professionalism) to let their readers know exactly how they go about testing recipes before they hit print. I can only imagine all the pots, pans, utensils, stoves, and ingredients - not to mention the time - that are used to try every recipe.  They remind me of the folks at America's Test Kitchen who do the same thing.  Anyone or any entity that takes that much time to perfect their product gets two enthusiastic thumbs up from me.I also like the various features of Good Housekeeping: Ask Heloise, the cover stories (most of the time), and how to use and reuse household products creatively.  One feature I'm not thrilled about is the so-called "happiness" column.  I don't see what the writer is accomplishing and, truth be told, it's unrealistic (and not human) to be happy all the time.  Yes, it's okay to be sad and depressed.  That's what being human is all about.One thing I do wish G.H. would cut down on are the articles about losing weight and how to "beat" aging.  Folks, how about the monthly articles touting how natural it is to age (and how none of us humans have a choice in the matter) or how being a little overweight is nothing to beat ourselves up about?  We can't all be model-thin, and the skinny and anorexic folks don't have perfect lives, either.  I expected *much* more from G.H. in those departments (and figure how much they can change the cultural attitude about aging in women and weight issues given their influence!).In all, Good Housekeeping is the best of the magazine market for women.  I would like to see more features or coverage geared towards us folks in the city or who don't have families.  We like the magazine, too.  - Donna Di Giacomo
I like the good housekeeping magazine, theprice was unbeatable, and the subscrptionwas started very fast.
The first magazine arrived quickly, but just not my favorite magazine.  I bought it for the coupons, but there has only been 1 in each of the first 2 issues.
The service was quick and accurate except......the gift card made no mention that the gift given was a magazine subscription. The person receiving it had no idea what was given.
I have been a subscriber for almost 50 years and still enjoy the magazine.  Yes. it has changed a lot over the years (so have I).  But it still appeals to my homey, haus frau side.  I see old recipes and they are like old friends.  I see new ideas and they inspre me.  What do I truly miss?  All the gingerbread houses from the contests of the olden days.  My son and I would go over them and see what you could use to as the components.  It was an experience each November.  I used the recipe and the templates one year and really created the HOUSE.  It was so time consuming but still so satisfying.Long live Good Housekeeping!
WHEN AND WHERE I GET THIS MAGAZINE MY WIFE WILL TELL ME HOW TAUGHTFUL I WAS SO DON'T FAIL SENDING THIS.IT WAS EASY TO ORDER.
I like the magazine, but for the second year in a row, after Amazon automatically renewed it, and I was charged, I got an issue from GH with a note that it would be my last issue unless I sent payment. Seems to be a lag in communication.
Filled with  articles that are up to date in fashion and new products.  It also has great recipes.
I have received "ladies'magazines" for many years and keep coming back to GH. I am 57, single, have little reading time for pleasure and little interest in or time for walking through stores to keep  up with products, new ideas, etc for women. I don't' even spend much time on the net for this information. I like GH's reputation for quality (GH Seal of Approval and assessment of products), the price (it requires ads to sell the magazine at this low price in today's market; GH passes some on to the customer by keeping the subscription cost low), and the timeliness and the variety of topics interesting women.  And I enjoy the tidbits of celebrity information without excessively intimate details of their personal lives that have no impact on the reason I enjoy their performances/talent. It's the only "overall" magazine of this kind that addresses things I want to know about on a consistent basis without becoming the same every month, which is something I don't like about many other periodicals.  I also enjoy the ads; otherwise, I would never know of foods, beauty aids, cooking techniques and equipment, fashions, shoes, books, etc.  I look forward to getting my GH. When topics greatly interest me, I cut and file them. Also, when I finish with one while flying, I can always find another woman who is happy to take it on their flight.As some of the youngsters say today, "It's all good!"
I haven&#8217;t paid for a magazine subscription in quite a few years although I&#8217;m usually picking up Good Housekeeping at the stores for the recipes and thoughtful little tips they share. I finally took the plunge and got a two-year subscription from here. I felt as though I was literally spending NOTHING. Definitely going to get more subscriptions here.
Wonderful magazine I have enjoyed for thirty five years. It spans the years as I grow older and enter retirement.
Always bought this and women's day at the checkout counter always had good articles in it to read and up to date ads
was given as a gift and they were pleased.. I forget that magazine subscriptions make very good gifts that continue to give
I have been getting it for years, but soon magazines may be a thing of the past. I never have time to read it.
Interest in this magazine, good coverage of day to day living and very good presentation.I like to receive it at home
Have subscribed to this magazine for many many years. Lots of good information & great stories. Cannot go wrong with this all around womens magazine
Great magazine, lots of ideas and comments about everyday matters.  The recipes are simple which is a help for non original cooks like me.
Really good articles and the best part is that they usually have coupons in them so it's like getting the magazine for free if you use the coupons.
It was a gift and the receiver is so pleased.  She has her 12 yr old daughter pick out a recipe and then they make it together while teaching cooking and kitchen skills.
Although my subscription has not started yet, I have been a subscriber in the past.  Good Housekeeping covers a broad range of subjects pertinent to the busy working woman who is also responsible for being a homemaker.The information is dependable and practical.
I have had a subscription for over 25 years, off and on.  It is a great magazine with a variety of articles, menus, and helpful hints.  I especially like the fact that the magazine isn't 80% advertisements, like some magazines that we all know.
The price was right for a monthly magazine. I love the sections on housecleaning tips and anything on home decor.
I have read Good Housekeeping for over 30 years and have had a subscription for most of that time.  It almost always has topics I can relate to.  My favorite magazine.
I would recommend this magazine to anyone as it is worth the price. All issues are filled with invaluable information for all aspects of life.I have tried countless tips, recipes and even household gadgets with 100% satisfaction.
Lots of interesting articles that are useful in everyday life.  Don't have anything more to say.  Sorry about that. Grrr!
I enjoy this magazine but feel it is more so for an older female crowd. Despite the awesome prices, it still rings to me as a housewife type of magazine which is fine if you enjoy working in the home. It has useful tips but I was overwhelmed by all the ads. The content is a little weak for me and does not expand beyond the kitchen and the dish washing and the cooking really- in my opinion. I wish the content was more gender equal- the magazine is for sure geared toward the older married perhaps with children woman. Or single lady working in the home. I will not be subscribing to this magazine again due to personal taste. I bought it because it was so cheap but all my issues have only been laying around unread after reading the first two I received. The content needs to be more rich. The ads less.
This is a good magazine to have around your house not only for yourself but guests. It has interesting articles.
I enjoyed this magazine. I do have a problem of losing interest after getting a magazine for a length of time, though. It's probably just me, and not the magazine.
Great deal for the yearly subscription.  Enjoying reading the various articles on housekeeping tips, the seasonal decorations, as well as trying some of the many recipes.
Good Housekeeping is a memory from my youth. Good recipes and home recommendations. Wish they still had the stories they used to have
Fun variety of healthy, delicious recipes and house tips. Always new ideas and interesting suggestions to spiff up your house in a modern, inexpensive way,
I was already receiving Good Housekeeping and my subscription was nearly over.  This was a good renewal price/ and offer.
Love the magazine.  A fun read. Lots of good info and articles to read.  Love the food section for recipes.
Good Housekeeping is one of the better magazines I turn to for ideas. If you are looking for an easy read  that will help you around the house (even if you are not a stay at home mom or a desperate housewife), full of ideas from cleaning the drapes to what to have for dinner, then this the right magazine for you.  I placed the order in the beginning of April and I got my first issue (which I was not expecting until June ) at the end of April (May issue).  What more can you ask of a magazine Subscription.
This is pretty good magazine and for the price of a $8 it is a steal.  I give the magazine itself 3.5 stars and the price with it 4 stars.  There are many good ideas in this magazine and one of the only magazines besides my favorite (All You) that offers normal clothes and normal stores.  The past months articles on saving money were well thought out and were easy things to try.  The idea of putting a filled bottle water in the back of your toilet to decrease how much water needed per flush was a great idea!  The one reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the constant need to have celebrities on the front cover while the articles about them aren't direct interviews - just some statements made to other people here and there.  Seems lame.  Otherwise this is one of the better mom magazines out there.
Seems like every magazine is the same. Someone losing weight, a few recipes, and few product reviews. Nothing really great.
GH is a known quantity. No surprises here. Got a great deal (sub $2.50 after a coupon).
This is overall a good magazine.  I like the reviews and have tried a few of their recipes with much success.
It is always nice to have variety of ideas for decorating, holidays, food, money management, beauty tips, and home projects.
See wife reading it pretty often so it must be good. I am a straight man so I don't read it.
I have gotten this magazine since I was young, I love the layout of the sections and of course the articles! This magazine remains relevant to any age and I have been receiving this magazine for about 40 years.
I love this magazine which is why I chose to "renew" my subscription through Amazon.com.  However, in the process of ordering there was never a chance to renew a subscription as the copy stated, so I now have 2 copies of the magazine coming to my house and costing me double each month as I now have 2 subscriptions.
I bought this for my aunt and she loves it.  The price for the year subscription did not change, so i renewed it for her!
This is a very good magazine for daily life. It has lots of tips for finances, relationships, organizational skills, cooking, almost anything. What it DOESN'T have is how to hook up in 5 minutes or less, what a great idea non committment sex is and so on. There are a few magazines like that which is sad that they are still in print. It used to be that type of garbage was found i Playboy and Playgirl which was not displayed. Now these other women's magazines (usually bought by the twenty or thirty-somethings) are displayed where young children can see them.
am pleased that this is a upbeat, encouraging periodical for family and friends.  have sent to an incarcerated person and am hoping it will give some positive help to him.
We have had a subscription for several years. Each month we enjoy reading the various stories of how God worked in the lives of individuals. It is non-sectarian, which makes it useful for people from a variety of faith traditions.
My wife got we started on this one during our nightly bedtime reading.  She'd say "here's a good one" and read it to me.  The nice thing about this publication is that it doesn't cram religion down your throat.  Every piece is concise and spiritually uplifting without being preachy.  I give it 4 stars only because it's a little too sappy for me sometimes, kind of like watching 7th Heaven, but if you want something that for a few minutes of time can leave you in a much more spiritual frame of mind, this is it.
This has to be one of the better magazines that feature spiritual and uplifting messages.  This magazine is perfect for a source of interfaith Christian articles that are uplighting and inspirational.  Often there are articles on famous people who discuss their spiritual life.  They have some excellent columns and stories from other readers.  Stories aren't too long, and great for a morning devotional.
I highly recommend Guideposts Magazine.  It makes a great gift for the hard-to-buy type, and it is a magazine that comes across as open and honest, without being "preachy."  I say it's an interfaith magazine, however it's rare to see articles about Muslims, who certainly must have uplifting stories of their own to tell.  Nevertheless, it's a great little magagzine to read when you want to read a little something while in bed, when you have a little break from the kids, or when you need something a little more positive in your life.
I've subscribed to GP and/or Guitar World off and on for probably 25 years, and I've bought numerous copies of other guitar mags through the years, as well.To me the most "serious minded" have always been GP and GW, but something about GP always appealed to me more.  They've changed the format here and there over the years, of course, but overall I think they've settled into a nice little niche.I love discovering new music, and they have numerous articles each month about players I've never heard of, or haven't thought about in awhile.  I see the mag in three different sections:  articles, lessons & reviews.Their articles tend to be pretty good, although more depth would be nice in some of the features (but that's always the case with U.S. magazines, for the most part).  The lessons in general are ok.  It's always hit or miss as to whether you'll actually find something you can use.  A few years ago their lesson section was a few pages of little micro-lessons, which appealed to me more.  I'm not one to sit down and absorb the entire magazine in the course of a month.  Overall, there's a lot to learn.  Some of the stuff they present assumes too much knowledge of theory, however.  Their recent feature on Jim Herring sort of made sense in places, but much of it was far too advanced for me.  (I've been playing a long time, but I don't know much technical theory - though I'm always trying to learn).Then we get to the gear reviews.  I love to read about gear, and see what's new.  Guitar magazines, or even just magazines in general, often get the "payola" tag thrown at them.  If PRS advertises every month, can GP give their gear an objective review?  Meh.  Probably not, but all reviews everywhere should be taken with a grain of salt.  Last year they reviewed a very limited PRS guitar that cost something like $8k, and they listed nothing under concerns.  To me there's a bit of disconnect from reality there.  How many people can afford a guitar that expensive?  Would anyone expect an $8k guitar to be anything but excellent?  So to me it was a bit of a knob-polishing for PRS and served no real purpose.  Oh well.  Certain manufacturers will always get mostly positive reviews.  Then they'll nitpick something by a smaller manufacturer - the G string caught in the nut a bit in one review and it was mentioned under "concerns".  To me those sorts of things are irrelevant to a guitar "off the rack" because once you buy something you'll set it up to your tastes.Anyway, I enjoy getting GP, it's a decent read, and pretty much delivers what I expect.  As others have mentioned I also appreciate that they're trying to get away from the ubiquitous Hendrix/SRV/Page/Beck/whoever tribute issue syndrome and are making a point of focusing on players across the spectrum, for the most part.FYI: in my current stint I've been subscribing for probably 4-5 years without a break and I've never had problems getting my monthly issues.
I've subscribed to Guitar Player for a little over a year now.  It seems like a great magazine that attempts to cover all of the bases of guitar playing. It has reviews and interviews with everyone from pretentious guitar heros to down-to-earth acoustic players and punk rockers. There are quite a lot of ads but they are expected for such a magazine. There are CD reviews based off of the guitarist's aspect also.Although there are not complete song tabs there is a section that aims to improve aspects of guitar playing taught by acomplished musicians (Rusty Cooley, Robben ford, and some more). I personally prefer this over full song transcriptions because these improve personal playing instead of simply copying what some other muscian has done; thereby leaving room for innovation instead of emulation.This magazine has a lot to cover, so it tries to be eclectic and thorough.  It interviews and examines classic rock, jazz, acoustic, classical and metal guitarists.This is great for those that are serious about guitar playing. For the casual, MTV based guitar player, Guitar World is probably a better magazine for you.If you are truely serious about a specific type of guitar playing. You would do better to pick up a magazine solely about your style of guitar playing (ex. Acoustic Guitar magazine).Pros: A thorough magazine that covers most if not all aspects of guitar playing.Cons: There are too many ads and the products that are reviewed are generally too expensive for the average guitarist (it's at least too much for me to care)
I think they liked it second best to Guitar World.  None the less, it came on time and they were glad to try a new magazine.
I thought this magazine was going to talk about individual styles more and present more sheet music but it's a little bit more of a filler than what I was expecting.
Having played on and off for over 35 years, this is a great magazine if you're heavily in the "on" mode but is very high end if you're trying to make your way back from "off" to "on".  I tend to prefer "Guitar for the Practicing Musician" but that reflects my rock orientation and need for simpler explanations even after all these years.
I've been reading Guitar Player since it's inception, through some great times and some not so great, the magazine has changed with the times. Today, many of the featured players are new to me, and I find that stimulating. I've been a guitarist for 48 years now, and I enjoy the lesson material as well as the equipment reviews.
Guitar Player has been my favorite guitar magazine for years.  They always deliver the goods.  As years go on formatting has changed, some good some not so good.  Overall it is a good solid magazine.
I've been subscribing for a couple of years now.  The quick laundry list:1. My favorite bit is there tends to be a diverse selection of guitar players and lessons.  One month may be jazz heavy, another may be blues heavy, and sometimes there is even some punk/metal stuff thrown in.  As a player I enjoy blues and metal, but I enjoy the diversity as it spawns ideas.  Also note that while there are main stream guitarists covered there are also a lot of more obscure folks covered as well.2. Yes there are a lot of ads.  Show me a magazine that isn't loaded with ads these days tho'.3. Yes there are a lot of gear reviews.  Great if you're a gear head - not so good if you could care less.  Usually at least 50% reviews 50% lessons, sometimes more on the review side.4. I've been playing for a few years now and find most of the lessons are generally intermediate to advanced and assume you are fairly well versed in music theory.  I don't count myself as an extraordinary guitar player though.  I ended up buying a few music theory books to help me understand the lessons after a few issues.  Frustrating but a great challenge!5. No there are no tabs of the latest or oldest hits out there. Everything in this magazine revolves around learning to make music, not copy somebody else note for note.All in all a decent enough magazine.  I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 just because I'm a bit against all the gear reviews and the lessons are sometimes too brief or vague to be useful for me.
Not sure why anyone would rate this less than 3 stars. If I could've figured out how to give the extra half star, it would've been 4 1/2 stars. It's not a perfect mag (what is?), but what I like is that it covers different styles and eras, not just any one. While it doesn't come with a cd, it offers extra on-line stuff. It has decent gear reviews, interviews, reader feedback - both good & critical. At this price point, can't see how you can go wrong....
Let me say at the outset that I'm not a big fan of tab. Figuring out songs on your own provides a greater lesson than simply following along with tabs. Besides, there are scores of free tab sites on the web, so if you really need to know how to play a song and can't figure it out on your own or simply don't have the time, get to surfing.That brings me to one of the reasons I subscribe to this magazine - e.g. the absence of pages and pages of song tabs. In addition to the lack of clutter that comes with tab, I also like the buzz section, the album reviews are excellent, the gear stuff gets a bit much, but what else would a guitar playing magazine feature? Most of all, the articles/interviews are better than the others because they don't seem as juvenile. I get the feeling that Guitar One et al are going for the teen player audience (if you need evidence, check out the Top 200 Guitar Albums issue) and, while GP has altered it's look/feel a bit towards that end, they still remain faithful to their roots. They do have transcriptions, but they are generally single page specifics, not scores of newspaper print pages detailing the latest popular songs.GP is the best cross-genre guitar magazine on the market for my buck.  It could be better, but in order to appeal to a large market, it's impossible to make everyone completely happy.
I think that this is a much superior magazine to Guitar One because wheras Guitar One almost exclusively writes about the latest nu-metal band or whatever other crap that happens to be on the top of the charts, Guitar Player will have at least two or three out of, say, five articles on bands that the average guitar player hasn't heard of or at least isn't totally sick of hearing of. The reasonI gave it 4 stars is that they do have too much on reviewing equipment which can be kind of boring as none of their "reviews" are what I'd call reviews. For example, in their last issue I don't think they gave one bad review. They're almost as bad as Ebert & Roeper!
Interviews, tips on playing and gear, lessons. all around great.
I've subscribed to Bazaar on/off for 20 years... In terms of these kind of fashion mags, I find this one to be the best... For me. I like the articles and the quality of the photos, etc.  Something about this mag that I can relate to vs the others.
I love the fact that Bazaar is the fashion magazine for every woman. From your 20s to 70s, Bazaar helps you create looks that you will love, but that are also age relevant. How many fashion magazines go beyond 21? This is probably the only glossy that appeals to gen X and baby boomers. Bazaar is a classy fashion magazine that I would highly recommend!
really enjoy the latest in fashion from Bazaar.  Their articles are also worth a word about fashion advice and skincare.
I enjoy Bazaar Mag because it does cater to the &#34;older&#34; woman! I would like to see more in the way of articles concentrating on the latest techniques, products for women.
I used to read this magazine many years ago and re-subscribed late last fall in large part due to a five dollar a year subscription price. After receiving my first issue I was very pleased that I ordered this title; having live 30 minutes from Manhattan most of my life and now residing in the high desert plains, this is defintely my Zsa-Zsa/Green Acres fix for the month!I like how they always apply the fashion trends for women of any age - 20's to 70's.This issue had generous articles about Patti Hansen and Madonna - whether you care for them or not I think they are real legends as opposed to the various Kardashians that always seem to be on every other cover these days. They do give a nod to up-and-comers by including features like the one with model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley.I don't mind the many ads since they keep the publishing costs low.A little talk of everything current - art, movies, books and of course the fashion....While it is mostly high end couture that is beyond my budget, it is beautifully photographed and the trends are a treat to admire - I think of this as sort of long distance window shopping.
The clean, color-themed pages are easy on the eyes.  The Lists, Chic on the Street, Gift Guide, Work the Look, Extras accessories, and Fabulous at Every Age are all artistically presented and united by colors, metals, and gems.  Although I don't like most of the individual pieces, I thoroughly enjoy looking at the way Harper's talented staff juxtapose and arrange them so delightfully. The Beauty section names reasonably priced skin and hair products as well as new spa and exercise ideas for health.I find Vogue's ugly and decadent look in editorial and advertising pages repulsive and boring, with only occasional great photos. W wallows in kinky deviance. Lucky features inelegant, garish clothes that look like like a catalog of what clothing manufacturers have sent to be photographed.Uniquely, Harper's Bazaar is a delightful monthly guide to current fashion.  Thank you, Harper's!
Unlike some magazine readers, I get this magazine for the pictures only. I love looking at the new collections, and I'm excited for the upcoming Fashion Week.  Although I just got my fall issue in the mail, I actually read and love some of the articles.  The Stress-Free Living article even came with app (for iPhone) recommendations that were FREE.  I can't wait to try them out.
My friends and I read a lot of magazines and most of us agree that Harper's Bazaar and Allure are the best fashion mags. Its basically beautiful pictorials/ads that you can look at over and over again. I also like their beauty section. Its a perfect magazine for people who have difficulty reading articles in really busy atmospheres and basically just want something to look at.
I actually just picked up my first issue out of my mailbox today, so I was pleased with the timely delivery.  I purchased this product w/a gift card for $10. The next day, Amazon sends me an email saying that the magazine was now $5, along w/a few other titles. I felt it to be bad customer service because I should've been told about the price difference and allowed the special price to order two titles. But I am happy to receive one of my faves!!
I ordered this on Aug 31 and my subscription started almost immediately.  Harper's Bazaar is a great magazine to keep up with the latest styles but what I really like are the articles on uptodate topics.  A really good purchase.
I've always preferred Bazzar over Vogue magazine. I subscribed for several years....dropped it, but then was offered a deal I couldn't refuse...and my fashion knowledge was slipping! I think though, that where I used to think that Bazzar's layouts and style overall was classier design wise than Vogue...lt's somewhat different now, and not as simple as it was, more congested. I was a little surprised. Can't say I was floored by the fashion in the layouts either, but that's no fault of the magazine. I still prefer it over Vogue.
Harper's is easily my second favorite fashion magazine, second only to InStyle.  It is great and packed with great fashion.  It actually does have some good articles too that I thoroughly enjoy reading.  (The articles are MUCH better than the ones in Elle.)  If you can only get one sub, get InStyle.  If you can get two, get InStyle and Harper's Bazaar.  It is well-worth the money.
The new modern, minimalist design of the magazine is a welcome change.  The format is perfect with great photography and well-written articles.  It's a montly treat I look forward to!
I've always loved this magazine to get fashion inspiration, and they continually have interesting people on the cover. I got a great Amazon deal for a one-year subscription - totally worth it.
I have been taking Harper's Bazaar for a couple of years and really like their style. It isn't as pretentious as Vogue and is written for a wide age range of women, rather than being a strictly teens and early 20's age group. They have some good interviews and great fashion and beauty tips/styles. It's a great magazine, especially considering the price!
Agree with most of the reviews. This is my fave for fashion. Hard hitting and getz to the point. Not too overly sexy?? If you know what I mean.
Great magazine for fashion ideas and I have looked at their sources to find different clothing, and cologne items shown in the magazine. Great value and Amazon keeps the subscription rates low so it is very affordable too.
Harper's always takes chances to get noticed. This can be good or bad depending on your tolerance for shock factor i.e. Britney Spears naked, pregnant and with black hair. It's worth a salon read.
I like the magazine. They have good fashion articles and all the latest bags and accessories. The articles do not directly pertain to me but I like the way they showcase all the new fashion.
When funds were tight I had a difficult time deciding which magazine subscriptions to keep.  Each women's magazine has a slightly different feel in the writing, though with increased competition, these styles seem to be in flux.  I finally decided that I  preferred the writing in Bazaar and was getting tired of what I felt was Vogue's Cosmopolitan attempt to catch a larger readership (if I want to subscribe to Cosmo, I'll bloody well subscribe).  The featured designers are more cutting edge and less mainstream than what is found in Vogue.  It's a bit snottier (though there are far snottier magazines if you are looking for extreme fashions).  Among my complaints: Bazaar is an obviously thinner magazine, and while most of Vogue's content is adverts, it does seem to have more articles.  Another item that I find highly irritating, is Bazaar's society items.  I really don't give a ---- who is wearing what at what charity gala, especially when I don't play footsies with these people.  Those complaints aside, this is still my favorite fashion magazine.
Let me start by saying that fashion is ageless, and Harper's Bazaar does a decent job of highlighting the notable runway pieces. That being said:-Almost all the editorials are geared towards much older women: girls in their teens and twenties can flip through runway summaries, but countless articles on why they should botox the crap out of their face isn't really useful.(funny--there's always some "beauty is ageless! celebrate older women!" articles along with the "your lips are gone, puff them up you silly old woman! inject that Restylane! you need 4 IPL treatments!" advice)-About 70% of the magazine is pure advertisements. Which is fine, because most contribute to a greater aesthetic. There are, however, a lot of oddball outfits (mm I didn't know bedazzling with rhinestones was stylish, Saks Fifth Avenue!). Oh, and the ever so classy Palladium jewelry ads.-The "fashion" advice is somewhat contradictory. For example, one column advised you to "store away" a type of shoe which was featured literally the page before, and maybe 30 other times throughout the magazine. The shoe they recommended instead, I did not see at all.So if you  take away all the anti-aging botox promotions and the ads, you're left with maybe 10 pages of runway highlights; this is of course, including the contradictory fashion advice you might not care to take. If this magazine is worth all the paper, then you'll be happy. If you thought you'd be getting more for 250 pages a month, you should look elsewhere. I didn't pay that much for this magazine, and it is fun to flip through, but I don't know if I would renew it.(also.. I don't think it's fair to give Harper's Bazaar 1/5 stars because the vender didn't supply you--there's a separate company/delivery feedback. I purchased my subscription through amazon and it arrived in a timely fashion)
It did take a little while to get to me, but still happy with the experience.
After reading my first issue of Harper's, I felt like I had just spent time with some very intelligent people  ... excellent writing.
I like HARPER'S and have subscribed to it for most of the past 35 years.  Unlike some magazines that offer insight, commentary and in-depth analysis, the magazine has not shrunk greatly over the intervening years, nor have the subject matter and writing style been appreciably "dumbed down."  Not all articles will appeal to all readers, but even the mix is invigorating.  Recent articles from the past several months include "The Case Against Algebra II," "A Kangaroo in Obama's Court (Will the Guantanamo Tribunal Execute a Man We Tortured?)," and "Emptying the World's Aquarium (The Dismal Future of the Global Fishery)."  Every other month or so HARPER's surveys a group of savants to sound off on some social or economic ill; the one for August was "Are You Sleeping? (In Search of a Good Night's Rest)," with nine participants.  The first thing I do with each new issue is open it right to the "Harper's Index," a long list of humorous, appalling, and often contrapuntal statistics compiled by the staff:  ("Average amount a Water Valley, Mississippi hospital bills Medicare for treating pneumonia with no complications: $4,552 / Average amount a Philadelphia hospital does: $79,007.")  Poetry and short fiction also have a place.  If you sense a lack of "meat" in your journalism, whether print or online, I recommend a subscription to HARPER'S as a corrective.  The current price is quite attractive.
i subscribed to Harper's for about four years. The reason I cancelled my subscription was because the magazine ripped into Israel AND Jews. Unlike some other liberal publications who might pretend that criticism of Israel isn't anti-semitic, Harper's would talk about the "Jews" influence in DC. The magazine would go so far as to accuse American Jews of formenting and starting wars in the Middle East. Anyone who is educated knows this is garbage, as the vast majority of American Jews are liberal, vote Democrat, and oppose most of Israel's contemporary policies. If you are going to stand by your reputation as a magazine with 100% integrity, you have to be willing to explore BOTH sides of EVERY issue. Even if Israel and the Jews are the one group you demonize, that is one group too many. Considering the history of the Jewish people, it seems like a cop-out. I should note that other than the anti-semitism this is a top-notch magazine. It is written for intelligent people. Anyone who gets their information from "articles on the internet" should stick to Time or Newsweek.
Harper's has been in business since 1850 and has published some of the greatest American- writers , from Mark Twain on down. Its editor and tone- setter is the veteran journalist Lewis Lapham. It publishes fiction, and articles including interesting symposia on many aspects of American economic, political and cultural life. It attracts the big - names in all areas, and also provides a lot of human - interest material, statistical curiosities, historical information and stories.For some reason which I do not fully understand it has never been my great favorite. And in the old days I preferred 'the Atlantic' and the 'Saturday Review of Literature ' to it. Of course one of the features of 'Harper's is its book- reviews done by among others today, John Leonard.I suppose what has soured me a bit on 'Harper's' is its bias to the political left.But that withstanding it still provides a rich mix of articles of high quality.
This is a good magazine, perhaps the most progressive out there, that I'm aware of anyway. There are a lot of interesting stories and book reviews. I'm not especially prone to the layout of the magazine. It's different than anything I've ever seen, and at times a little confusing. The other thing is, is the fact that I'm not a brilliant man. And many of these writers do indeed appear to be brilliant. Therefore, some of the stories are a bit over my head. That being said, I'd recommend the magazine if you're interested in this kind of thing.
I loved the book. I have a custom window treatment workroom business and I am always looking for books for inspiration.  This book is great for that.  I can take it with me to my clients and just show them a few pages and my job is half done.
It's a nice magazine but not enough in them these days to warrant a renewal.  If cheap enough, it is worthwhile.
House Beautiful is always a good read. I have been getting this magazine for years. There are good decorating ideas and yummy recipes to try as well. Always a lot of good information here!!
I remember this magazine from the past as more of a ladies journal, with cute decorating tips and recipes.  Since subscribing a year ago,  I am very pleased to see how much more sophisticated and informed it has become, and quite in line with other prestigious decorating magazines.  Subscription prices on offer make it a real treasure.
Great interior design magazine which features a variety of styles each month.  Amazon offers magazines at great prices, including this one.
I faithfully read almost all of the home magazines every month. House Beautiful, an old favorite, is better than ever today. More in tune with current looks without being too trendy --showcasing a broad range of personal styles and locations, in recent months I can hardly wait for the next issue!
Every so often I enjoy reading a magazine and House Beautiful has many good ideas. This is a magazine that I keep andlike to go back to for new ideas.
Answers a lot of questions around the household and provided some good solutions for home decor.Great value for money.
I anticipate loving this magazine as I always have...only problem being I've yet to receive my subscription in the mail  :(
This magazine is a good flip-through. Some informative articles, but mostly I look at it for the pictures & project ideas. Great photography & some really nice design style. Recommend to new home owners or anyone big into decorating and DIY.
Works great on Kindle Fire and the content is timeless and helpful.  The only thing that would make it better is to have some sort of index available across all owned volumes.
There are always good articles of interest in this magazine! I especially appreciate those ideas that can help new homeowners personalize their homes without a large outlay of cash.
I LOVE this magazine.  Yes, a lot of what they show is quite expensive, but it is just chock full of inspiration, from paint colors to furniture to full-on rooms.  My tastes tend to run on the more colorful and modern side, so magazines that just feature neutrals and shabby chic and country-style are totally not my thing, which knocks out a lot of shelter magazines.  They have a little bit for everyone, style-wise, and the modern styles that they show tend to be much more accessible than what other magazines feature (Dwell, I'm looking at you).I tried to let my subscription expire, just to save some money, but I couldn't go one month without it, so I subscribed again via Amazon.  And this is where it loses a star: I subscribed to HB a couple of days ago, and then today decided to buy the current issue off the newsstand so I wouldn't miss an issue.  I get it home, one of the tear cards falls out...a one-year subscription through HB is only $12 for a year or $22 for 2 years.  I paid $15 for a 1-year subscription through Amazon.  I find that normally the subscriptions through Amazon are a good deal, so of course I am disappointed by the price difference!So, love the magazine, but, I hate to say, don't buy it through Amazon).
House beautiful has wonderful ideas for every room in the house big or small. They also present a variety of designs for different tastes
I enjoy looking at this magazine, but prefer Country Living for a more casual style.  But I got this on a $5 deal.
Like most decor magazines, it is filled with ads and photos. This one in particular is one of my favorites. It is a fun decor magazine to browse. It not only has beautiful spreads of well decorated homes in a variety of styles, it has photo samples of the latest home decorating products and focus areas of interest...such as a photo collage of mirrors above a bathroom sink.
I have always liked House Beautiful. I got it for a good price so was really happy with this purchase.
My wife wanted a magazine for ideas around the house. She got several and we did some sprucing up around the house but we did not renew the subscription as we did not need it anymore.
This is a very helpful mag. Alot of interesting ideas and tips. Even the ads are good for ideas
There is always something new in here. I don't go for every room pictured but I find myself getting ideas and motivation from every issue.
I have only just started to receive this magazine but I find it very helpful when I am attempting to decorate my own home.
I received my first 2 issues and the subscription price was great. I wouldn't have subscribe if it was more than $5 dollars.
I really enjoy this magazine and find many things to refer back to over and over. It's great for a versatile design novice, like myself. I like mixing classic with contemporary and can find a little of everything in this. I've only liked one design mag better than House Beautiful(Domino).
My enjoyment of this magazine started with the Spring colour issue.  I am a home stager/re-designer and this issue has proven to be an amazing reference for me to use with clients.I'm hooked now.
I REALLY ENJOY THIS MAGAZINE.  IT HAS GREAT DECORATING IDEAS AND TIPS THAT COULD EASILY BE COPIED AND IT'S INEXPENSIVE.
I got this magazine and "Dwell" after buying a new-to-me house and needing ideas. What a contrast! This magazine has lots of useful ideas: most of the furniture is not outrageously expensive, and for many of the paint jobs they give you the details on the paint so you could walk into the paint store and buy exactly the same paint they used. I actually prefer the aesthetics of "Dwell" (mid-century modern is my heroin) but their ideas are completely unachievable, expensive, and vague. HB is a refreshing contrast. I've already applied some of their ideas to my own home.
Superb magazine with beautiful ideas for decorating your home. Application and selection of colors bring out the best in design features.
Beautiful photos and articles, I was so excited when it arrived. Can't wait until the next one.
I sent this as a gift to a cousin that just bought her first home.  it has lots of great ideas in it and is just pretty to look at.
I originally got a subscription to Islands on a whim as I hibernated through a cold Chicago winter. I was pleasantly surprised by the stunning depictions of different islands as well as the diversity of articles and islands they chose to feature. Some articles talked about local food, others discussed culture etc. One of my favorite articles in particular was about a European island where people typically lived to be over 100. It not only showed pictures of the island but also had some wonderful writing about the lifestyle, people and history of it.
Islands Magazine is a must for the travel lover. Each issue features stunning photography, articles from people who have visited various world islands, and advertisements on popular travel destinations around the globe.The articles covered in this magazine usually focus on popular islands for travelers, like the Caribbean, South Pacific Islands, Hawaii, etc. But on occassion, the magazine features other islands, too, including those that are not as popular as tourist destinations like the Balearic Islands, Ceylon, Madagascar, and others.There are LOTS of advertisements in this magazine, and that might not sit well with some readers who prefer more articles and less selling. But the ads are helpful to the reader because they often include bargain prices. There are also classified ads from other readers who have island vacation property to rent.If you like to travel and you love water, then Islands magazine is a great publication to read. The photography alone makes it worth while. It will tempt you to head to the nearest travel agency and book your tropical beach vacation asap!
I'm a canadian girl (picture snow-filled childhood) currently living in Seattle (picture gloomy, dark, rain filled days --10 months of the year). Until 3 years ago, my husband and I were living in the virgin islands, and before that, I spent several years in Trinidad. Imagine my sunshine withdrawl. Sometimes I think we truly must be crazy to have left. This magazine is a regular fixture in our bathroom, and I practically stalk the mail man, waiting for it's arrival each month. While I can't afford a real tropical vacation every time I need one, Islands gives me a great quick-fix, allowing me a glimpe of the island life I dream of one day returning to. With stunning photography and wonderfully written island profiles covering every corner of the globe, this is the best subscription I've ever ordered. I'm hooked for life.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because there are (in my econo-travelers opinion) too many advertisements for high-priced resorts.
This helps me fantasize. Thank you for showing me the possiblities. I need to find 9 more words to fulfill the requirement for this review so here I go. I do like this magazine very much and will continue my subscription until I move to the place of my dreams and no longer need it.
Got a year sub to this magazine as a year to Caribbean, the later is a better buy... for me anyways. One month Islands would be great the next month id have a hard time finding something of interest to read. The pictures are always great, i love to travel. I might try this one out for another year. Tahiti and Bora Bora are our next stop i think so id hate to miss out on some more info. If anything try it out for a year.
As avid travelers (and lover of islands, specifically), my husband & I love getting our Islands.  Sometimes it gives us great ideas as a jumping off point for our next vacation... other times, well-written articles accompanied by beautiful photography makes us book a vacation to that spot.  Yes, there are helpful articles about the big islands: Hawaii, Fiji, Bali, Society Islands (Tahiti, Moorea, Bora Bora)... but this is the magazine to turn to if you're going to Aitutaki, or one of the many islands in Southeast Asia.I wouldn't really rely on Islands as a budget travel guide, but more of an inspiration as to which island to head to next.
I had been subscribing to Money magazine for the past 14 years. At some point I wanted a change so I try Kiplinger's. I'd say comparing between the two Money seems to target more on upper income readers whereas Kiplinger's middle to lower. Money's written style is more technical whereas Kiplinger's is less.Overall I'd say Kiplinger's content seems more fundamental than Money.
I received my first issue of Kiplinger's and I have to say very informative.  Lots of good advice and very descriptive. Very resourceful, a magazine to keep on the book shelf for future reference.