Reason is one of the best magazines out there, hands down. Origionally just a libertarian political magazine, Reason has spread to cover politics, culture, the environment, economics, and social issues. The libertarian perspective is a breath of fresh air in a market dominated by liberal and conservative viewpoints. A must read for anyone who considers themselves braod-minded.
I love reason,  on my 3rd year.  lots of great articles that you simply wont find any were else.  about 5% of the articles are just two in depth and complex for me but the vast majority of the articles i follow and understand.
I used to read the online content for this magazine (I still check out the blog), but I have to say that there is even more content in the magazine than there is online, and it's really worth subscribing.  The articles are well written and usually change my mind on issues I may not have realized I had a mind to change on.  I would recommend this magazine to anyone.
I just started getting Reason in the mail and have to agree that it is significantly superior to merely downloading the articles online. "Brickbats" is probably my favorite section as most of us instinctively like short articles that convey a significant amount of information. Perhaps some of you are like me in that you are predominantly conservative but have now become alienated by the habits of the Grand Old Spending Party and seek a level of ideological purity that cannot be found within Republican sources. If so, you'll be attracted to Reason as well. Its uniqueness is what makes preferrable to the rest of the stuff out there. The truth of the matter is that the statists, rather than the Democrats alone, are the true enemy of the people of the United States.
There are not many magazines specializing in political commentary that are really any good these days. So many of them are geared toward a political party, instead of concentrating on the issues that are most important. "Reason" magazine is the exception, and with its motto that a "free mind implies a free market" and vice versa, it has proven to be a publication that one can count on for objective analysis under the umbrella of that motto. The authors who write for it definitely have their biases, but they are attentive to these biases, and usually anticipate and answer objections to the ideas on which they expound.Many times this reviewer heard that the authors and editors of Reason are "socially liberal" but "fiscally conservative." This kind of description almost implies that their thinking is a mere hybrid of liberalism and conservatism. But this description is incorrect, for the content of the articles in Reason is a consequence of the general belief among its authors and editors that freedom, and that means first freedom of the mind, is a moral universal, regardless of the place and context in which one finds oneself. The `social liberalism' of Reason, if one is to call it that, manifests itself in the tolerance of ideas that one finds repugnant. The `fiscal conservatism' of Reason manifests itself in the belief that freedom is to be not subject to an arbitrary and coercive government that has no qualms about using deception or actual force to collect taxes, impose censorship, or generally violate individual rights.There are always many fine articles written in Reason on a diversity of topics. The advocacy of biotechnology is refreshing and reflects a common sense attitude that is very rare in political debate on this branch of technology. One will also find commentary on government waste, propaganda, torture, and the "war" on drugs. In addition, many book reviews are included on books that are relevant to the issues that the magazine wants to address. One can only hope that Reason stays afloat and delivers many more insights in the years to come. The magazine is both a barometer of freedom of thought as well as its creation.
If your look for a magazine with critical thinking this would be one to get. Had my subscription for two years, and don't think I'm going to cancel anytime in next few years at lest.
Reason is a good magazine for your smart friends.  It makes you think and it is actually very well written.
Never before or since have I encountered a magazine consistently worth reading cover to cover.  But I've been doing that with Reason for 11 years now.  Reason examines current events from a perspective that's generally libertarian, as evinced by the &quot;Free Minds and Free Markets&quot; tag line.  Among mainstream publications, Reason provides a unique and refreshing difference in a market dominated by liberal publications with a smattering of conservative &quot;opposition.&quot;  At the same time, Reason manages to avoid the preoccupation with philosophical and ideological minutia that plagues most other libertarian periodicals.
For a Libertarian like myself this is a great magazine.  Most likely one of the best out there today.  Libertarians should remember however that Libertarianism is both a "tool" and a means to measure everything relating to personal freedom.
This magazine dares to say what everyone is already thinking about lots of issues:  Politics, economics, culture, etc.  It's hard-hitting and so much more refreshing than the standard media fare.  Love it!
This is by far my favorite news/politics magazine. I don't agree with everything in any issue but I always find something that makes me think, and it usually inspires me to research and discuss more. Articles range from tiny news blips to lengthy articles about everything from (in this last issue) global warming to Starbucks. Always fascinating.
Reason magazine has the tag-line &quot;free minds and free markets&quot; and lives up to its promise.  It's always interesting, provacative, and even if you don't agree, you'll always learn something.  Part culture, part public policy, part current events, Reason looks at everything from an unconventional viewpoint.  It's not liberal or conservative ... it's libertarian without being strident or cultish. I'd recommend it to anyone who is bored with the old, recycled left/right points of view.
Reason is never afraid to show opposing views.  It allows you to see things in a different light.  It is also nice to be able to read a magazine with articles that are greater than 3 pages!
Expert writing, profound commentary and completely in step with the times. A must read every month, talking heads will be making reference to it from the time of publication. Buy it!
Tired of Republicans and Democrats? Dislike excessive government?Most Americans fall into both of the above categories.I guarantee you won't agree with everything you read in Reason, but if you approve of less government in your bedroom, in your bag of weed if that's your thing, or regulating your business, this is worth a read.If you are an entrepreneur or small business owner and tired of regulations and government posing a barrier to entry than is higher than your capital start up costs, read Reason.And even if you don't agree with most of what you read within the paper or digital pages, if you believe government must first prove they have some real, compelling interest to get involved in any political issue, Reason will help you find your anchor.
I've been a Libertarian for some time.  I find the magazine brings up new and relevant topics with each issue.The articles seem balanced.  Each issue so far has been informative.
With all of the garbage journalism out there, and the political money-mongering, it's refreshing to read a magazine that is chock full of good solid common sense (when common sense is at a premium).Here's a magazine that's not afraid to call a spade a spade. There's no blue or red slant here. Reason cuts through the liberal nonsense and the conservative blather to find real answers to real problems (and most of then involve NOT spending money on the problem and putting more money in your pocket). Interviews are published with politicians on both sides of the fence; no one is spared the cutting criticism that politicians so often deserve.If you're the kind of person that can't stand the constant insanity of congress, or the random presidential edicts, or the judicial activism so rampantly present in our slowly dying country, then this is the magazine for you. If you're tired of the federal government stomping all over your personal and economic freedoms, then Reason is for you.
This monthly magazine is an opinionated breath of fresh air. It's philosophically allied with Libertarianism, but it is not extreme or strident. Reason is more mainstream and moderate than the left or the right; it's really about political common sense. I don't always agree with the articles, but I rarely object to the reasoning that supports them. For a point of view that isn't beholden to agendas or special interests, read Reason.
I've been a Reason subscriber forever. If you want the news that no other source provides, this is for you. As the title suggests, it's all presented in a very reasonable way.
Reason cannot be labeled conservative or leftist.  Nor is it an extremist libertarian magazine like Liberty, fawning over Ayn Rand.  It bases its commentary on the assumption that, if we have some faith, our chaotic culture will lead somewhere good.  But if we try to monitor and control it excessively, we will dampen human creativity and end up muddled and conflicted.  Reason takes on all aspects of culture and assumes an international perspective.  Its arguments are laid out carefully but contain a percolating sense of indignation at our increasingly repressive environment.  At the same time, they are more informative than polemical; each report is grounded in specifics - quotes, anecdotes, studies.  This is the most intelligent and inquiring "political" journal available.  If only it came out more often!
Why should you get this magazine? If you are lacking in news regarding ALL of the tours (literally): PGA, LPGA, Senior, European, Asian tours, Buy.com and the mini circuits - they cover every tour event every week.If you want rankings of every player worldwide, the money list and the weekly top finishers of every professional golf event from the televised tour events to the Greater Podunk Open with a top prize of $1,500 dollars, it's listed here. This is the only place that covers the college golf season in great detail.While it's technically not a trade magazine, they cover new equipment announcements in a trade magazine manner - cost, distribution and advertising plans.If you combined "Fortune" with "The Sporting News" - that's basically GolfWeek. They basically approach it as "the business of golf."Which might sound like faint praise but it is actually a high compliment - they approach everything with a objective distance even when they are doing feature stories on golfers. They are sometimes harsh but always honest & fair. While some golf writers dance around an issue of a Sunday collapse, they are honest and forthright enough to address the issue without getting personal or vindictive. This is not the magazine on trying to knock 2 strokes off your game, that's what the other magazines are for.Just like "Fortune" for golf, it's on the business of golf: the people, the tours, the equipment and what's going on. It is a lot of info, news, analyses and statistics. It's not for everyone but if you or the intended reader is someone who tries to figure out on Thursday which channel has opening round coverage or watches the Golf Channel regularly, this is one of the best magazines in America right now, not just on golf (and I read about 85 magazines a month). Get it. It's great. (you can also check out their website to get an idea of the excellent writing but amazon.com is a much more inexpensive subscription).
Interview is a small magazine with big ambitions. All the latest news in entertainment, fashion, and politics can be found within it's colorful pages. The photography is amazing, and grand in scale, although the magazine is packed full of ads (which are equally as colorful I might add). This is NOT entertainment weekly- Interview is the indi-film of magazines, and the people and films it covers are not usually those found in typical magazines. Instead of focusing on the actor du jour, Interview covers the up & coming, the soon to be, and the undiscovered. The interview formats are fascenating and unique, as most are done by celebrities, of celebrities. If one is looking for typical hollywood gossip, Warhol's masterpiece is not for them. At such a cheap price, Interview is a gem that is yet undiscovered by many. I highly recommend it!
how can i contact this magazine? need to know which magazine i m getting. that's the only thing bad i found out.
Interview is quite possibly the best magazine in terms of nag-for-your-quality-for-your-buck-for-your-time  for fashion photographers, or any in the fashion industry.
OK. For those of you who continue to believe that New York is the center of the United States, Hell, the world, who forgot the map CNN kept flashing with the two different colors after the election that MIGHT infer there are several schools of thought about the polycentric views of the US, for those of you who can take a little criticism from the midwest, the dark states, middle earth, the Elba of the 21st century, you're not.There's a whole world out here. People have jobs. Yes, it's true. We work, send our kids to school, even go to church on Sundays. And on other days too. We vote. Oh, yeah, you already know that.So having an interview with an actor who goes on about how he meditates, is a vegan and thinks about trees and birds when he has a particularly stressful scene with Ashley or Uma or Diane, you know, it just doesn't carry a lot of weight with the serfs. But . . . .It's a great magazine. Andy lives. Photography is tight and realistic. The ads are sexy and provocative. The sidebars interesting and insightful. It's wordly. It covers music as well as RS. It's (don't get all riled up now) a fun magazine to read.However, the interviews which we are led to believe are the heart and soul of the magazine, seem to be along the lines of 'damn, it's so good to be me and I guess you're OK too.' Or, 'I see you're wearing a $15,000 Versace with a plunging neckline and . . . you've selected old, black, Converse All Stars to wear with it! How Noveau! How tasteful!'Come on. Where's the bite? Where's the interview with Alex Rodriguez that says 'how come you went to therapy . . . it's only New York?' or with Marv Alpert 'hey what's on your fashion agenda now?'Chris Berman from ESPN says he was on Maui a couple of years back and he was walking with his kids one dawn and he ran into Steven Stills with his kids. Now that's a conversation I would have liked to hear, not one that ends up with me thinking the two parties to the conversation (it sure isn't an interview - see Columbia University's Interviewing 101 in their School of Journalism) are off to pick out furniture.It's New York. Show your teeth. Flex. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
I love the interview format, which is stars interviewing other stars. I particularly liked Gladys Knight and Alicia Keyes. How cool! Beware, it's not a slick glossy, but is finished with matte, if you care. The spreads are still gorgeous in sort of a smoke-filled-room kind of way. Aside from getting interviews with big time stars, they seem to spot and interview people who are on their way up and get to them well before the mainstream media does. Prepare to be way ahead of the gossip curve. This is an Andy Warhol pub and it's always far ahead of the times.
This magazine is like no other. The interviews are fantastic, the pictures are great, and it's very original. I can understand people not liking it if they're used to and prefer the typical, predictable magazine format.It's not for everyone, but for people of a certain people, it's heaven.
Interview Magazine is an expensive magazine to buy at the news stand, but it is well worth the money. The photography and writing are superb! I really can't say enough about the photography, and the pictures are large enough for people with vision problems to see. Buying it through Amazon is a tremendous saving over the news stand price.
If you're an avid snowmobiler, SnowGoer is one of the best!  Especially like the issue about snowmobiling destinations.Thanks SnowGoer!
For the type of riding the majority of people do, Rider magazine can't be beat.  From Sport touring to scooters, the coverage is excellent.  In-depth equipment reviews, ride reports, maintenance how-to's, and motorcycle reviews round out it's offerings.Highly recommended for the beginner and the experienced.
This magazine is one of my favorites and getting it through Amazon was one of the best things I've done. Renewal is conveniently easy. I recommend this magazine to motorcycle riders interested in the latest and progressive trends in motorcycling. Various technical subjects and rider equipment and safety are professionally covered.
All seemed to go well. I'm now waiting for the first Issue to arrive.
Been riding for over 20 years and this is the best biker read out there.  The articles are well researched and informative.  The opinions and human interest stories are incredibly interesting and written better than many business mag's I read.
The best motorcycling magazine on the market. Top quality with great articles and layout . Look forward to every new edition.
This is a very informative magazine.  It covers the bikes and the driver.Its well worth the price. It keeps you informed.
I enjoy this magazine because it is geared toward the typical everyday motorcycle owner.  It's a mix of naked street bikes, cruisers, sport-touring, touring, and dual purpose that are reflective of those who just enjoy the ride.  It's not about racing on crotch rockets or tattoos and leather, it's not loaded up with pictures of girls in bikinis either.  It's a quality magazine about motorcycles and enjoying the ride.
Kelly-K of Shiftn Steel Sport Riderz says its a magazine for folks like myself who love to ride! [...] check it out!
Largely geared towards the rider attracted to the larger bikes capable of logging lots of miles. Seems to feature a smattering of sport bikes, sport-tourers as well as touring rigs, the larger touring cruisers and liter sized open-bikes. The commentary is often based on longer rides, as well as long-term tests, and they occasionally dig up stuff on the classic bikes of the 50-70s, for those senior riders who want a trip down memory lane. They do not always have the most technical of write-ups, but feature good useful information for the enthusiast who wants to keep abreast of what's happening... Not a squid or scene mag.
This magazine is for people that like to combine motorcycles with travel. It's for guys/gals that ride bikes to enjoy new places, find new twisties, and just plain put mileage on their machines.  Flip through the pages and you don't see Super Sport/Nitro or V-Twin Ultra-Customs with zero miles on the odometer.  Writers don't really care whether a bike does a 11 second quarter mile (don't get me wrong, more HP is better than less!).  What you do get are stories about weekend and week-long rides in places like the Grand Canyon, the Pyrenee Mountains, or the Dakotas.  Bike reviews are mostly on machines like the BMW K1200 GT (a sport tourer) or Yamaha Silverado (cruiser with bags/windshield).  Columnists concentrate on riding skills, what to pack for the road, and gadgets that can make riding more fun.  It's practical and entertaining info.  It's my personal favorite magazine.
I've been a Rider reader for a few years and have been continually impressed by the magazine.  I can't say that every issue is like getting a moto magazine dream come true when it arrives each month.  But the depth & breadth of content always has something intriguing every month for a magazine in this price range.  I particularly like the no nonsense reviews of bikes & gear, especially when comparing one vs another.  I also appreciate the spread of comparison from hard-edged race replica bikes to big, laid back touring rigs & everything in between.  I appreciate knowing what I'm looking at when I'm out on the road and seeing these bikes in person.
Love the magazine.  Love the articles and what is new that they feature.  I would recommend this magazine to anyone.
The thing I like about "Rider" is that it's more real world related that other magazines like "Motorcyclist" and "Cycle World." It focuses more on the ride rather than plugging the latest and greatest cutting edge motorcycles. It's very well rounded. If I could only subscribe to one Motorcycle magazine this would probably be the one I'd choose.
This the one magazine that I read cover to cover. It has a great variety of articles from travel to tech help.
I love this magazine!  I have ridden for over 40 years, a lot of different bikes, and experiences, and that is what this magazine addresses.  Also I like the apparel and accessories reviews that they give in the magazine.  I don't have a lot of time to read, so I don't spend much money on magazines.  I get 3 magazines, and this is one of them.  Money well spent. Great price thru Amazon!
This ranks up there as one of the best all around motorcycle magazines that are on the market. I have had a subscription for years and just love it and usually read it cover to cover. Full of helpful hints and stories, reviews of every kind of bike and interesting stories about travel, saftey and also great editorials. If you are into motorcycles this magazine is for you.
I've subscribed to Flight Journal since it first came out years ago. It is my all time favorite aviation magazine.  They do lots of first hand account type stories and have a great variety of articles covering wide range of aviation.
I have been a subscriber for over a year now, and this relatively new periodical is one of the best aviation publications I have ever read.  There are some very big aviaiton writers behind this magazine, and it shows.  Each issue covers many facets of the world of flight, with a definite bend towrds military avaition.  There are often wonderfull and riveting first-hand accounts from WWI, WWII, Veitnam, Korea, the Gulf War, and the war in the Balkans.  Each issue features a &quot;gallery&quot; which is simply a photo essay profile of a given aircraft, usually current front line military hardware, that is always stunning.  Some of the articles that I have really enjoyed include a comprehensive history of the military leather flying jacket, a first hand account by a Black Widow pilot in WWII who had to shoot down a B-29 after the crew bailed out and the autopliot flew on, and a great first-hand account by an A-10 pilot about a mission in Kosovo.  If you love flying, civil or military, warbirds or jet fighters, or even &quot;aerial oddities&quot; you will love this magazine!
This magazine I have been reading since it's original release.Enjoy the historic perspective and the information on current restoration projects.This I will continue to read.Doug
"Flight Journal" is a first rate aviation magazine which features well written articles on a wide range of aviation issues ranging from civil to military aircraft, aviation history and art, latest aircraft technology and vintage types, safety issues, among several other subjects. This makes the journal very appealing to a wide readership. Aviation enthusiasts will always look forward to the next issue of the journal as it is bound to come up with something new and enlightening, whether it is reports of restorations, some rare photographs or a feature on the latest jet fighter aircraft.However, some readers with only specialised areas of interest in aviation may not find this journal appealing. Such readers could include those only interested in aircraft maintenance, or just regional airlines or airline fleet and network planning etc. For me, however, I love anything to do with aviation and thus this journal was produced for the likes of me.
I agree with the previous review.  High quality articles and photos of restored or found vintage aircraft.  This magazine covers a wide  range of aviation subjects.  I love them all!  Great read every month.
Its a very good magazine, but I will not get it in the mail.  I am just guessing because it has been a few months now, so by the time it gets here I would probably dont want to read it anymore.  But its all good
FLIGHT JOURNAL is America's top aviation history magazine and in the top five internationally. Each month FJ features an interesting, well-illustrated collection of articles on a variety of subjects, living up to its subtitle: THE AVIATION ADVENTURE - PAST, PRESENT & FUTURE.One of FJ's biggest selling points is the outstanding stable of writers editor Budd Davisson has assembled. When your masthead includes the likes of Barrett Tillman, Bob Dorr, Warren Thompson, James Busha, 'Corky' Meyer and David Truby, you know it's a first-class operation.The June 2010 issue illustrates FJ's smorgasbord nature. Articles includes "Postwar Flying in the RN," Barrett Tillman's "Defending the Japanese Homeland," a four-page F-15 photo gallery, a bio of WWI pilot and soldier-of-fortune Bert Hall, an F-106 pilot's account of a test flight that went all wrong and the reminiscences of a WWII VT-19 torpecker pilot along with the usual aviation news column, book reviews, letters to the editor, etc.FLIGHT JOURNAL goes for $6.99 a pop so take out a subscription. If you love aviation history, it will be money well spent. Highly recommended.
I first started reading this magazine about three years ago and it is, without a doubt, the best of any type I have ever read.  A couple of years ago, they printed an interview with a living witness to the crash of the Hindenburg.  He had been a 17 year old Sailor (it was at the Navy's Lakehurst Airfield), holding onto one of the ropes, connected to the dirigible, when it exploded into flames.  He and another Sailor ran into the burning gondola and dragged out the Captain of the airship.  The Captain was alive when he was pulled from the gondola, but died a few minutes later.  The two Sailors ran back into the burning gondola and pulled out the unconscious executive officer, thus saving his life.  That would be like interviewing one of the Indians who had fought at the Little Bighorn, 50 years after the battle.  The magazine also published an interview with the rear gunner of the radar plane that was directing the night-fighters off an aircraft carrier, which included BUTCH O'HARE.  No one had EVER interviewed this man until Flight Journal did it , over 50 years after Butch went missing.  Butch's fate has finally been determined:  he was shot down by the nose gunner of a Betty bomber.  This is a cosmic irony, as the only type of plane that Butch ever shot down was the Betty.  Best aviation magazine?  No, it's the best magazine, period.  P.S.  Check out my letter to the editor of Flight Journal, in the current (April, 2014) issue.
I love this magazine. It covers historical planes, pilots and their adventures. Well written, great photographs and always interesting. Worth trying if you like aviation history.
This magazine was for my husband.  He loves it!  He will read each one cover to cover and back again, several times!
Great magazine that applies more to US interests. Other popular MUCH more expensive magazines like this feature more foreign planes. Great magazine for the price.
i have always loved looking at this mag only thing that could make it better would be to have a crawler section in each issue.
I bought this as another gift for my boyfriend, who is an RC Car fanatic.  It is a great publication for the latest in the hobby and for generating ideas for those who build and /or paint their own cars, as my guy does.  We will be renewing this subscription!
THIS IS THE BEST RC CAR MAG OUT THERE. IT'S BEEN AROUND FOR OVER 25 YEARS. IT HAS GREAT PIC'S, ARTICLES, HOW TO'S, AND NEW PRODUCT REVIEWS. ITS FOR EVERYONE FROM BEGINERS TO PROS!
This magazine is a must for any RC Car Enthusiast.  This magazine will keep you in the know for all things RC Car.  I find that this magazine introduces me to new products and cars that I must have!
It is wonderful to see a magazine that focuses on the acoustic guitar player.  So many magazines seem to zero in primarily on the electric guitarist and rock/metal artists.  This magazine has a bit of everything.  Interviews with musicians of various genres, music with notation and tabs, and tips on different guitar techniques.  It's a great way to get to know artists whom I've never heard of before and seek out their music to listen to.I don't subscribe to this magazine (I'm a coffee shop magazine buyer), but I do buy it frequently.  I'm a new guitarist who owns two acoustic guitars.
I have been buying this mag since its inception, I have saved many of the issues because the info has been extremely helpful for my guitar playing and being able to read about the pros that i listen to , how they write, play,what they use for equipment has been intertaining and informative. they have recently made changes in format and writing mostly for the better.I espeally apreceate their having more on song writing. as far as i'm concerned this is the best guitar mag out there and i'm a guitar magazine junky enjoy. John M. Eadie
Most guitar magazines are about mainly equipment and to a lesser extent, the thrash/metal/punk/whatever hero of the moment. &quot;Acoustic Guitar&quot; is different. It does talk about equipment, sure, but the primary focus has always been the music and the artists.I have a couple years' worth of &quot;Acoustic Guitar&quot; on my bookshelves, unlike another popular magazine that gets read and tossed or given away. I don't save every issue, but I save a lot, as there's so much timeless information and good music to be found.  In the few issues withing arm's reach I see a story on the music of &quot;O Brother Where Are Thou?&quot; with an arrangment of &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot;. Here's an article on Jazz Manouche and Django Reinhardt, with a tutorial written by John Jorgenson. Another issue spotlights the then-new MTV Unplugged phenomenon, and has a transcription of Clapton's unplugged &quot;Layla&quot;.Issues have covered contemporary singer-songwriters, Cuban &quot;Son&quot; music, African music, 1920s American Jazz guitarists... just about anything that can be played on a guitar. Evry issue is a surprise, and even if it doesn't have one of your favorites it'll have something you'll find interesting and useful.
Just to balance out the one star reviews I read here, I must say that this is a first rate publication, really outstanding, and that I've never had any problems with my subscriptions. I've been a loyal and avid reader for over six years. Give it a try. It will inspire on many levels.
I have been reading this magazine for 3 years, it is one of the most well written history magazines I have been able to get my hands on. My fiance ordered my subscription as a surprise and I loved it.  I still look forward to receiving ever issue.  This is a great magazine for people who love American history.
I am really enjoying this magazine.  The stories are interesting with lots of details and human interest.  I was not sure if I would like this magazine but I really enjoy reading well researched articles that are not college treatises.  Sometimes I just want to absorb and enjoy and if the article really interests me I will do additional research on my own.
My dad is a big history buff and I bought him this magazine as a gift last year and he loved it and decided to renew it for him this year.
I am very happy with this magazine.  It is as good as the &#34;American Heritage&#34; magazine, which is no longer in print.  I would definitely recommend this magazine to anyone who loves reading about American history.
I'm a history buff and anthropologist and have subscribed to American History for over 10 years. Very concise and insightful publication.
This is a great magazine! The topics are well chosen and the perspectives are diverse and balanced. Events and people are covered in a very factual and interesting presentation. This magazine is tough on the environment - you will not want to dispose of a single issue for their entertaiment value is timeless.
I bought this for my mom for Christmas about four years ago.  She loves history and loves the magazine (tho she did say she wished it was monthly).  She has asked me to renew every year for her Christmas gift.  When she finishes she passes her copies to my brother, then me, then my uncle.  We all enjoy them.
This magazine is GREAT.  It covers the things you may know in history, but also tells the 'whole story'.  The stories cover from 1492 to Post WWII.  This magazine is the only one I have found that tells the full whole history in a easy to read interesting format.  I would reccomend it for all Americans who want to know the true interesting history of America and not the shallow 3 minute news driven or HollyWood slanted history.
This is my favorite magazine.  I read it cover to cover.  No politics, no revisionist history, just authentic facts.  A great opportunity to learn from history and not repeat some of it.  All politicians should subscribe to it.
This is an excellent magazine about American History.  The magazine provides a wide range of stories on a bi-monthly basis.  It doesn't repeat the same stories that most people know but it tries to tell instances that are not as well-known.  In some cases it is little known stories about significant events and other times they have stories about little known pieces of American History.  I only wish the magazine had a monthly publication.
Great magazine for any history buff on your list.  We ordered it for my brother-in-law for the 2012 Christmas and not only did he want us to renew it for the 2013 Christmas, but I know that the magazine gets passed along to others in the house, and then onto my sister-in-law!  My husband and son also have a subscription and love it.
i enjoy reading about history and this magazine fits nicely into a history buffs hobby the articles are stimulating as well as eclectic i have only received one issue but if that one issue is any hint of whats in store for me i am one happy subscriber
This is a great magazine for people interested in history.  It does a good job putting together a varied collection of topics in each issue.
This is a subscription for my mother. She and my sister who lives with my mother both love and look forward to each issue. When asked if we should renew the subscription, they both said absolutely.
I have subscibed to Antiques for years. It is the best of the kind and this offer is the best I have seen.CR, Cincinnati
I love Antiques magazine because it combines history and art.  The illustrations are wonderful, and the information is accurate and first rate.
Enjoying the magazine overall. Very nice transaction. The photographs are lovely. I would recommend this to anyone interested in art, antiques, or even household design.
This beautiful magazine is in itself a work of art. The quality of every page and bits of information is fascinating.I see the art, the homes and read every word including the ads. I first discovered this gem in London many years ago and now it is in my home and very welcome at that.
If you really want to know what fine antiques look like, learn from this book!You won't see them anywhere else except in a museum or wealthy homes.
This is an informative magazine for antiquarians and persons interested in interior design and Decorative Arts.  The articles are well-written and accompanied by good photographs and illustrations.  It is a pleasure to read and you will come away from it each time learning something new that is worth remembering.
AQUARIUM FISH, an AMERICAN publication is  done well. Yes after reading the reviews here I can say the ads are abundent as the articles also are repetitive. But  helping people learn more is a vital part of any hobby.I also wish there were more fresh water and pond articles in it. But  a mixture can never please everyone.Having a forum in it would be a great addition as would an online  one.We have a few tanks of different sizes of freshwater so my opinion is skewed for that.I will resubscribe at an extreme discount but why do they not have a multi year one???
I really enjoy reading this magazine.  It has frequent profiles of common fish, a kids section(Hey! Your never too old to act like a kid!), and interesting articles.  I'd recommend this magazine for beginners, as well as the expert.  It's a great way to learn about our finned friends, and if your ready for an aquarium in your home.
I would highly recommend this magazine to anyone interested in the aquaria hobby.  However, I've just been notified that they are stopping publication of this magazine and that my remaining issues will be fulfilled with issues of Dog Fancy, which is a bit depressing.
I find this magazine to be interesting and very informative. I also subscribe to Tropical Fish Hobbyist magazine (TFH). By comparison, Aquarium Fish is easier to understand and more for the beginner to intermediate hobbyist. TFH discusses issues that are more technical and many of the articles may appeal to more advanced hobbyists. I highly recommend Aquarium Fish Magazine because each issue covers many of the issues/problems that all hobbyists face (whether beginner or advanced). It explores many of the popular saltwater and freshwater species that are found in households. I read the magazine from cover to cover as it contains many interesting and educational articles. The color pictures are plentiful and pleasing to the eye. I recommend subscribing to both TFH and Aquarium Fish as each magazine has something new and different to offer. Two very excellent magazines!
I bought this for my stepson who just started with aquariums.  He loves it.Can't make a better recomendation.Recommended for people with aquariums.Gunner December, 2007
I love it! It has all of the resent info for fish tanks world wide!! Would recomend to any1!
This is a very nice magazine full of very good information.  Sorry to say that we have lost interest in our fish tank and decided to discontinue our subscription.
I really enjoy this magazine.  I have 3 aquariums (55 gal., 20 gal., 10 gal.) at present (have had many more in the past) and have enjoyed tropical fish for years.  This magazine has helpful hints for keeping fish healthy as well as really good ideas on how to set up an aquarium and "decorating" ideas.  The articles about the fish are interesting and helpful in determining whether or not that would be a fish for me!
Great magazine for the fish enthusiast . . beautiful photographs of exotic and common fish....great articles
As an experienced aquarist, I can't be more satisfied with an aquatics magazine! This is a great item, with interesting articles and then some. I highly recommend it!
I purchased a one year subscription of this magazine for my brother as a birthday gift. He loves it - and the first issue arrived within 3 weeks!  Absolutely a great gift for anyone who enjoys taking care of fish as a hobby.
i love this magizene allways read it tells you a ton i like this and i have the magizene for the picture up front for every fish aquairst this magizene got me interested in fish in the first place if your allready keeping fish or goging to get it very informative
very inforative and best fis mag on market. I get alot of helpful tips and ideas from this mag
I recently got back into freshwater aquariums and got an inkling the art and science of managing this had advanced since my absence (27yrs).  This publication fills that void perfectly.  The very first article I found interesting involved "CO2 Injection", another concerned "Cycling an aquarium".  Those two articles alone changed my techniques profoundly.  Added to the ease at which the information is made available is the 'AFI' website.This magazine rates 5 stars and I  highly recommend it!
This was the first fish magazine I ever subscribed to. I'm sorry they couldn't keep it going any longer, I enjoyed reading it!
Usually when I order a subscription via internet, it takes 3 months to get the first issue - I recieved two issues the first month.  Nice magazine with a great price. Highly recommended!
This is with a doubt one of the best fish magazines available. Each monthly issue is packed with great articles and excellent monthly columns.Topics range from ponds to cichlids to saltwater and virtually everything in between.The magazine features many monthly sections including Freshwater and Saltwater question/answer sections, book reviews, online reviews, and feature articles by the biggest names in the Aquarium hobby.I've tried almost every fish magazine available and this is the one that I've been subscribed to even as others came and went.Subscribe today you won't be sorry.
covers a lot of topics and adverts are helpful as well. not a bad mag for the price. get it!
Love this magazine! Informative and has great photo work also. They just had an issue on polychaete worms that was great (especially since I have them in my tank) AND you can't beat the price!
I am inspired by the designers and their recent work. This is my go to read when I am looking for an idea.....
I love this magazine.  Some reviewers have stated that they disliked some of the interiors.  That's fine and fun!  I show my husband some of the things (he's a graphic designer) and we have a great time laughing at some of the designs.  Other times it's absolutely great.  The latest issue (Aug. 2004) is one of the best and the theme is Exotic Homes Around The World, and they are all fantastic.Of course I wish I could afford a lovely home such one of these in the magazine (maybe one day?) but in the meantime I can look at these homes and dream and also get great design ideas.  This magazine is wonderful and relaxing to look at and read.
i am not an architecture expert nor a designer but this magazine did give me a lot of ideas as well as some inspiration. I like to see how things should be done so when I am doing any sort of decorating,building ,etc. I look at this for inspiration from people who know a lot more than I do. this magazine is a nice collection of what to do and what works so if you just need a little input when it comes to your own personal style this one may be for you.
This is a fantastic Magazine, and it was offered at a great price.  I highly recommend it.
I have continued this subscription for several years as a gift....never a problem...everyone enjoys it and the delivery is just the way you expect it to be.....excellent.
Architectural Digest is awesome. Not only does it exhibit nice photos of homes and other architectural designs , it also encourage a reader like me to impose some of its decoration tips to my own house.  I always pick up new ideas for every copy I received.
What better way to see the homes of people you like and admire. Loved the recent tour of Ralph Lauren.
This is a gift for my daughter, and I don't (yet) have HER review of it, so I'm assuming that it is right up her alley.
One of my most favored magazines came up on AMAZON at such a good price I could not pass it up. I absolutely love this magazine as it has such a variety of gorgeous homes and lots of information on art,  home design, architects, fashion, people of interest in the arts, etc. The photos are so beautiful and everything about this magazine is outstanding.PS Could you tell I love every copy of this magazine...
I have been subscribing to Architectural Digest for many years and this was a great opportunity to extend my subscription at a great price.
My wife and I elected to start taking Architectural Digest for research as we were contemplating building another custom home. It has given us several good ideas on on which to incorporate into our new home plan designs. Well worth the investment. We enjoy seeing the new design concepts and technological advances available today.
It was on a lightning deal for $24 or something so, I was pretty excited.  I love looking at beautifully balanced, decorated & designed homes.  At least I can have peace & harmony somewhere in my life, if not in my actual surroundings.
Perfect!
I have been an Architectural Digest for many years.  It has help me with ideas on how to design my apartment, plus all the usefull information that it offers.
This magazine is on my must read list.  It's full of great photos of the work of some of the finest designers out there.  It's a fantastic source of ideas and trends for my own business and home.
I have seen the 60's to the present homes and they have one thing in common, something to aspire for even if many are beyond the reach of the masses.
This magazine has been an inspiration for decorating ideas for me.  No, I can't afford a million dollars for a remodel.  What I get most out of this publication is not only ideas on decorating but also different perspectives, the wonderful education I'm getting on antiques, personal views (you will be missing a lot if you don't read the visiting editorial pieces) and until recently WEB topics.  This magazine is NOT just for looking at the &quot;pretty pictures&quot;.  It deserves to be read in a much fuller context.
Architectural Digest is the best magazine for design.  The rooms and  items they select are  timelessand will still be stylish in 10 years.
I have been a subscriber to this magazine through Amazon for the last two years and have just renewed for another two.  The best part is you get the physical magazine and I can also get to see it on my Ipad through my magazine app.
Architectural Digest is fantastic.  I look forward to receiving it each month to peruse all the beautiful estates, homes, gardens, furniture, art, history, and designs presented that are available not only in all areas of the United States, but also around the globe.
I have always loved AD and was happy that I could buy it at a discount through Amazon. The magazine is informative and has lots of wonderful pictures and interesting articles. Great for anybody that loves to travel and also enjoys interior/exterior design
I received my first copy of the Architectural Digest this week.  I enjoyed every page, even the advertising!  Great photos and diversity of ideas for all areas of the home.  Thanks for sending the magazine.
Great magazine  if you are interested in Architecture, this is a good one.  Gets better, 3 year ago it wasn't as good as it is now.  Amazon was a good place to buy it.
She enjoys this magazine very much and helps her with her decorating. The magazine is very well edited and provides interesting articles and pictures.
This is a wonderful magazine and I have been receiving for at least 10 years.  I enjoy decorating and architecture although it is not my profession.  I have used expensive ideas from the magazine with a much much lower budget for decorating and received numerous comments from guests how beautiful our home is. I would feel lost without it and look forward to receiving it every month.
Received the first issue in good time.  Magazine wonderful.  It was as easy to do as they said it was.
For those with exquisite style and taste, this magazine is made for you. Homes, furnishings, clothing, food, vacation spots, and much more.
One of my favorite magazines. Love the pictures, articles & the beautiful homes featured every month.Would highly recommend it.
I was VERY happy to be able to suscribe to this high-quality magazine for such a wonderful savings!I have read random issues for a long time, but I had a tough time with the suscription price - VERY spendy!  Through Amazon, I was actually able to afford it!Thanks again!Ruth Aydelott
Great magazine--beautiful pics and interesting topics every issue. Keep renewing subscription----you won't be sorry and always have something worth while to read.
Every issue brings more interesting ideas and give inside view on some houses I've never dreamed to see. Thank you.
I dont live on an estate,or anything close,but I enjoy the fabulous photographs and wonderful Ideas through out this magazine. I have subscribed to it for years.
Received the magazine promptly.  Many ideas for interior design.  As I am just getting started with interior design, I find this magazine most helpful.
There is nothing more to say about this wonderful magazine.I have a new home and have found the Digest to be a marvelous source of ideas and products that I would have never had or found otherwise
AD speaks for itself.  It is the core of good design and as well current design.  If your looking for a magazine that has both, then this is it.
For many years, I've subscribed to Architectural Digest. This magazine has provided me with a visual buffet of extraordinary homes and landmark buildings from around the world. Four years ago, while planning the interiors of a home I was building, one of the best resources for design came from the pages of Architectural Digest. Despite the magazine's inclusion of expensive, high end interiors, I was able to draw many ideas from the magazine for my limited budget. In the past, I've paid the subscription price directly to the magazine's corporate billing address. However, after having read an article in AARP mentioning that Amazon offers magazine subscriptions at a discounted price, I was able to renew Architectural Digest for two years for less than the usual  cost of a one year subscription. My thanks for the opportunity to continue my subscription to this magazine of superior content at a price which I could afford!
Very Convient, good price!  My sons favorite publication and this is the most economical place to buy it. A great Christmas gift!
The subject at hand: a 2-year subscription. The question being: should you or shouldn't you?This is surely a personal decision and no one can tell you what to do. However, if it nurtures the mind it is worth the money; if it doesn't do that it's called "wasteful spending". Reminiscent of an old English mariner's poem, it goes, "... that which nurtures the mind and soothes the soul, 'Tis worth all my dressings from cap down to sole. Tho if upon uncharted reef it should founder, Wiser to gift it to mackerel and flounder. Chase it no more, chase it no more. Chase it no more, my fine stepping chums...."One consistent complaint about this magazine is that it highlights an array of beautiful homes, all of them financially out of reach of the majority. This, of course, is absolutely true, and I, for one, hope it stays that way. I'm not interested in seeing Archie Bunker's abode. That's why I buy ARCHITECTURAL DIGEST.Another complaint is that "there are too many advertisements." This is elemental, but let me say it anyway: Paid subscriptions and newsstand sales play second fiddle to advertising revenue. Magazines need advertising revenue to survive. Their main source of income is ADVERTISING REVENUE.Anyway, if you can sit through a few minutes of tv commercials you should be able to turn a few pages of advertising. Personally, I happen to like looking at the ads: the photography, typography, art and design. As a thirteen year veteran of the graphic design trade I know and appreciate the "behind-the-scenes" efforts.We learn, in the course of time, that change is inevitable. I remember when Bob Dylan first went electric. He was booed and the audience chanted, "We want Dylan, we want Dylan...." Well, I see a similarity with Architectural Digest. If the magazine has strayed from its architectural roots, don't feel betrayed. Change is inevitable. And after all, there ARE a few other magazines out there for you. "Chase it no more, my fine stepping chums...."Architectural Digest is alive and well, unlike a host of other magazines. If its name, "Architectural Digest," has become a misnomer, it is not unlike anything else that has "transitionalized" and continues to retain its original name. In New York there's The New School For Social Research. The school was founded in 1919. Must it now be renamed The "Old" School For Social Research?I enjoy browsing through furniture showrooms in search of exotic furniture and accessories. Architectural Digest is my showroom at home. I put on Tony Bennett or my "Zen Garden" album. Sometimes I program my player to repeat "You Only Live Twice" or "We Have All The Time In The World," both from "The Essential James Bond" album. Slowly, the pages turn. Sometimes, but not often, I may read an article. Mostly I ponder the photos and graphics. I gaze at the ocean from my 23rd floor balcony. This is my happiness. This is my peace. Especially knowing that my AD subscription is in place.
Thick full color glossy pages, well written articles, amazing designs....l enjoy seeing homes of the rich and famous and reading about today's top designers and architects. Called AD customer service to download to my Kindle Fire--friendly and knowledgeable staff. Highly recommend.Print subscribers get the digital version free..at a lower price than the stand alone digital subscription. Great value. All magazine publishers should take note. Why do digital magazines cost more??? I enjoy reading magazines on my Kindle Fire. I'd purchase more subscriptions if the price was right.
Love the family friendly cover! Beautiful room and beautiful family! The eye is attracted to the rustic atmosphere counterbalanced with stylish feel.
This periodical is not only an investment purchase (save 'em and sell 'em on eBay), it is wonderful architectural and design training for your eye. My DH stacks it in the smallest room in the house, since it's always interesting while you wait.This is a painless way to develop good taste. The only problem is to figure out how to copy your favorite idea for your own home on a reasonable budget. Some people also like reading about the celebs, who show off the homes they don't really live in, so their architect and interior designer can get good PR.
Thank you for a great magazine.  This subscription is for my niece that is studying interior and architectural design.It is her 22nd birthday and she is very but very happy.Thank you
I have always enjoyed architectural digest seeing homes all around the world being decorated so beautifully.  Some rooms are afordable and others are not.
VERY NICE - FOUND THE MAGAZINE FULL OF BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS OF ART WORK.  A LOT OF INFORMATION AND LOOKING FORWARD TO RECEIVING THE MAGAZINE FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS.
Very few of the artists and their work in ARTnews speak to me, a traditional classicist whose interests end in 1910; but that doesn't mean I like to be ignorant about contemporary art. And so I plow through their monthly magazine and read their articles appreciative that they don't push pretty or precious paintings. But (yes, another one), the best contemporary prose writing I've read is found in its &#34;Reviews&#34; section in the back of the magazine. I read those reviews for their language alone.I.e., Feb 2014 issue, Lilly Wei's observation of Penner's paintings of landscape with neon signs titled &#34;Gas&#34; or &#34;Pray for Rain.&#34; Wei says of American neon signs, &#34;[it's] a kind of heartland haiku, &#8230;&#34; Now that's just lovely.Or, Alfred Mac Adam's comments on Solano and her rattan/wicker baskets, &#34;&#8230; her works' essential conceit reprises Dante's idea of a world within a world: God surrounds the human universe, while within the Earth lies the complex structure of Hell. &#8230; In short, the interior of a structure is a world unto itself.&#34;ARTnews' reviews and articles encourage me to see the &#34;samo samo&#34; in new metaphorical ways.
Up to date . Great reporting and full of interesting articles.Would recommend as a gift!  A not miss for an up and coming artist.
It gives you a real picture of what's going on in the world of art.I think it's very helpfull for person who love arts.
As an artist and a museum docent, I look forward to each issue, and have done so for years. Thanks
If you are a bassist and you even need to read a review to figure out if this is the right mag for you, best get your head checked! I have subscribed to Bass Player since 1992 and will keep renewing my subcription until I am so old I have to have my assistant read me all the features by my craftmatic lounger. Forget Fox news, Bass Player is fair and balanced, covering everyone from the sad passing of NHOP (greatest upright player of all time) to all the standards like Jaco and Vic.  Dont think that you little mall-core kids are not rep'd...all the nu-metal low enders are there as well, even though they suck the rust from under my fretwire.  I have always respected this magazine and the writers seem like family...go get this now fool! word.
I love this mag.  I wish it came out twice a month!  I am not a professional bassman and some of it is beyond me, but that leaves room for me to grow with my instrument.  If you are a bassplayer you should get this magazine.
I let my subscription go for awhile and I'm so glad to be back.  The feature artist interviews are great and it is always cool to hear what other gear others are using.  The staff does a great job reviewing various equipment as well.GLAD TO BE BACK!
I order this magazine for my husband who has been a bass player for more than 40 years.  He really enjoys the articles, advertisements for new equipment, and the tips & tricks, as well as the charts.  Through this magazine he has discovered bassplayer TV on the web, which evidently is addictive if you're a bass player.
I'm a bass player and it has a lot of pictures so it's good for me....no big words either. Did I mention the pictures?
The best bass magazine out there!You `ll find anything you need every month...famous artists,gear reviews,lessons...everything!!!I `ve been reading this mag` from age 14 (10 years of bass playing)and it helped me in my playing in many ways.It`s simply the ultumate magazine of bass guitar.Nuff said!
While many music rags limit their coverage to new and hip artists, while providing lots of song transcriptions, Bass Player is focused on teaching. The artists surveyed are always eclectic and exciting, and the lessons challenging and intriguing. In all, the focus of the magazine seems to me to be the philosophy of music, and is consistently intelligent and articulate. Every serious bass player would benefit from a couple of copies of this magazine.
I have always enjoyed the Articles&Interviews with many Bass Players featured in this Magazine.Stanley Clarke had quite a few Interviews I have enjoyed over the years.Marcus Miller as well.great stories on Jaco as well.good reflections on James Jamerson,good stories on Larry Graham,Verdine White,John Patitucci,Louis Johnson,Flea,Bootsy Collins,Charles Mingus,etc... they have covered a wide range of Players&Topics.
This is an excellent resource for all bass players and musicians. The reviews are good, the products reviewed are probally tied into ad layouts but are helpful. The product reviews are fair and usually truthful. The only draw back is the price of the book. The high end is probably a result of the lower subscription level, however your prices here help us that want to continue to get this great piece of reading...do it. They need the support and we need more good reading at reasonable rates.
Although I wouldn't call this mag a bassists' bible, but I think it's a thought provocative piece of writing. Yes, this mag offers bass lines to learn from popular and influential songs, but more importantly, it offers great articles. These articles are great insight into the minds of great bass minds.
Great magazine!  Great recipes and tips for anyone.  I look forward to my issue every month.  My favorite part are the easy recipes.
I purchased the subscription for my wife since she generally picks Better Homes and Gardens up at the grocery store when shopping. She likes the magazine and I like the subscripition price through Amazon.
I absolutely love this magazine!  They have great tips and tricks about everything.  I refer back to past issues all the time.  I couldn't live without them!
I loved the low price! So far, I am enjoying the magazine and articles. I'm looking forward to the next issue.
While waiting for spring, and caring for home and children, a cup of tea and 15 minutes with BH&G provides a spot of sunshine in any monotonous day :-)
I got this for like five dollars. It was too good of a deal to pass up. This magazine is full of great recipes and decorating advice.
I am unhappy that I ordered this in November and I am still not receiving the subscription.
I have always like BH&G but never had a subscription. Now I do and at such a good price plus it's always nice to get something in the mail that's full of great ideas and recipes rather than bills or junk mail.
Great magazine...I enjoy reading and getting the magazine monthly...it's a bonus to be able to subscribe to the magazine via Amazon.com...subscribing was very easy via Amazon.com.Better Homes & Gardens  (1-year auto-renewal)
Have always liked BH&G; magazine. So many clever ideas that are not costly. Innovative delicious recipes. Something for everyone.The price-saving cost for a subscription through Amazon was the best!
love better homes and gardens. easy steps in redecorating. informative, great pictures, receipts. been a reader of bh&g for over 30 years now.
always filled with ideas for the home decor and for delightful meals, snacks and desserts. Seasonal tips/ideas are always of interest
When I was in my 20's I do not think these magazine would have been for me.  But now that I am a home owner with a family I love to look through it!  I guess different things are exciting now:)  What I like about the magazine is that it has a lot of areas they cover, from recipes, to crafting, to everything for the home.  It is not quite Martha Stuart fancy,more like "the real woman's Martha Stuart!).Voice Lessons To Go v.1-4 The Complete Set
I received a two year subscription for 10 bucks. Magazine is beautiful on the Kindle Fire. Nice household tips for everyday use. Get it now!
Great magazine, reminds me of my Motherr, it was her favorite.
Even though I eat Gluten Free, there are still many recipes that I use or convert. I'm making a pasta with sweet potatoes tonight! love the decorating tips and have utilized many in my home.
Bought for my Mom.  She loves to read Better Homes mag.  For the same price she pays for 2 issues off the store shelf I bought her a 1 year subscription.  Great price.Thanks Amazon
My wife loves it and she always finds a new project in each of your magazines. It helps our great home to become even better!
I bought magazines for almost everyone this year for Christmas.  The shipping is covered and instead of getting one gift at Christmas, they get 12 gifts (one each month)!  What's not to love about that?  Better Homes Magazine is a no brainer for every household.  It covers everything from cooking to housekeeping, decorating, organizing and family.  Love it!
I received my first issue of Better Home & Garden yesterday 3/23/13 just as promised when I purchased  it.  I love this magazineit covers the home, garden, recipes and style and no one can beat the price.Thanks AmazonPeggy in TX
BH&G is the best.  I bought a fixer upper home and used a color pallet I found in there and it turned out wonderful!  I've cooked a lot of the recipes they've had in there as well.  This magazine doesn't talk down to you or appeal to the lowest common denominator like a lot of the other home and housekeeping rags out there.  You also don't need to be a stay at home Mom or even a female to enjoy it!
I like to download the room decorating and recipe photos so that I can take the tablet with me when I am shopping for supplies and ingredients.
Better homes & garden has great information and stunning room staging for decorating ideas. Brilliant photos will rich bright colors.
This is a great price for a good magazine.  Delivery was very quick after I placed my order.
This has always been a favorite magazine because of it's beautiful photography, good recipes, and decorating ideas.  (Stay away from auto-renewal if you don't like surprises! ) Highly recommended
I order this magazine for me and one of my daughter-inlaws.  We both enjoy the recipes and the decorating tips.  I pass mine along to a friend when I finish and she gives it to a group once she reads it.
I have to admit, I'm more into BH&G; for the &#34;gardening&#34; end of things, but I always find something in every issue that makes me rethink my aversion to redecorating/renovating my house in a huge way. The magazine is mostly ads, but the content is always interesting, the photos are always beautiful, and there really is *so* much to every issue- everything from home decor to gardening basics and beyond to day-to-day life.It's one of my favorite magazines, I just wish they had less ads (and pesky inserts- I have to shake the magazine as soon as I get it to get all the inserts out) and MORE of their fabulous content.
I love interior decorating, and this is absolutely my favorite magazine.  Last year I subscribed to approximately 15-20 different magazines - fashion, makeup, decorating, etc.  This is one that I kept every issue (in file) because there were so many great ideas in each and every issue.  I look forward to getting the new issue each month!
I really enjoy the magazine because of the interesting decorating, recipes and items that are new and you may want.
Love how cheap and easy this is. One of my favorite maZgines. Didn't want service to stop. Annoyed amazon is making me type more.
This magazine came from Amazon for a one year subscription for my dear Mother who is 90yrs. old. The magazine has been in American homes for many years and is a favorite of my family.  I can take the world to Mother via this magazine as it arrives in her mailbox every month to delight her senses.  This is a perfect Christmas gift from Santa that keeps giving all year long.  I know MOther will be tickled pink.  (Better HOmes and Gardens 1 yr subscription)
I have had a subscription to this magazine for many years. Although the longer I live in AZ, the less interesting the gardening sections are, there are still an abundant of excellent ideas to use in your home & recipes to try. Will continue to re-new (as long as the price is right!)
Yesterday we dined at Ruby Tuesday and used a coupon from BH&G current issue.  It was for buy one, get one entree free.  We enjoyed two $14.99 meals for the price of one--Thanks RT & BH&G! That more than pays for the $5.99 subscription for the year!  And that doesn't even count the wonderful reading and ideas in the magazine.  Diane Clark
This is a terrific magazine to thumb through on a lazy day. I like the feel of the print between my fingers and so watch for the frequent specials run on Amazon. You should be able to pick up a 1-year subscription for $5!
I enjoy the articles, recipes that I would actually make and at least one great gardening idea that I could make.
Great magazine at a great price lots of inspiration for do it yourself enthusiasts! Delivery was timely will order again if the price is right
Have subscribed to this magazine for years.  Now that my vision is poor, I order it for my daughter in law and she looks forward to it's arrival each month.
I was surprised to find that I really like this mag- I decided to subscribe after constantly reading others copies....the WalMart product affiliation had turned me off in the past, however this mag is very &#34;new&#34; and &#34;fresh&#34; feeling.
I have had this magazine for over 20 years and love it.  I even painted my back doors one of the colors suggested in the magazine and ordered rugs froma website that was recommended and loved both.
One of my favorite magazines. Expectantly waiting for the first issue to arrive. Cant wait. My daughter is furnishing a new apartment and expect to get the first issue so I can get ideas.
This book has style and beauiful things inside. Well worth the subscription, plus you get ideas. It's a must have magazine.
Great Bargin price. Have read for years. Excellent content. Will renew subscription when this period is over.Recommend for everyone.
Wow, I am so surprised at the negative reviews here.  This is my favorite magazine currently and has been for the last 2-3 years.  Great, attainable decorating ideas.  Good recipes.  I enjoy it from cover to cover every month.  Everyone I know really likes the magazine since it has been modernized. Love it!
You know it. I love it. Value for the money with lots of tips for home, yard, food, and decorating.
I have always loved Better Homes  and Gardens.  It has always been helpful and timely.  A complete asset to your reading material.
I love this magazine! It has really great ideas for the home and many great recipes as well. In the summer there is so much great garden info too!
This took only a couple of weeks to get on the mailing list and receive the next issue.
I really liked it. It was very convenient. Made renewing fast and simple. Would do it again when my subscription is done.
"Better Homes and Gardens" has been a staple in our home for years. This essential magazine seems to always be there for you. When I think about it I would say that it has enriched our home and ultimately our lives. Its very visual style of lending ideas for enhancing our domicile and our surroundings has always been simple yet effectual in enriching our lives.
Just having this arrive in my mailbox instantly made my home nicer, brighter, and more beautiful...I love this magazine.  It is chock full of ideas, pictures, recommendations inside and out.  The pictures are so bright and the staging so cool, I have major &#34;home envy&#34;.
love the magazine, but Amazon unable to provide after I ordered it. I have yet to be reimbursed for the order that Amazon canceled
Great recipes, wonderful gardening and decorating ideas. I have enjoyed this magazine for most of my adult life and am always amazed and delighted.
I just checked with Better Homes and Gardens and my subscription was extended a year based on my order with you.
Loads of ideas, interesting reading.  I love this magazine, love to look at all the different ideas and suggestions and how to's
This was an excellent price for a two year subscription.  It was not long from the purchase date to the first issue
Wonderful decorating, baking and recipes ever. Color schemes for updating your home. Good decorating and recipes for Thanksgiving and Christmas !
Great magazine for women of all ages. Good recipes and ideas and articles. This was a gift and they loved it.
I was very happy to get this year's subscription at a great price.  Better Homes and Gardens is always a fine magazine.  As an older person on a fixed income, the prices offered at AMAZON are just a blessing!!!
Bought this subscription for my wife as a Christmas stocking stuffer 12/12/2008.  She received the first issue today 2/19/2009. It was a good deal, just do not expect it to appear in your mailbox anytime soon after purchase.
Better Homes and Gardens is the vibrant, down-to-earth guide for the woman who is passionate about her home and garden and all that they encompass.Product DescriptionBetter Homes and Gardens is the vibrant, down-to-earth guide for the woman who is passionate about her home and garden and all that they encompass
Really like the magazine and it came with a little reciepe book. very cool and the price was great for a 1 year subscription
First, wanted to comment on the fact that i didn't know amazon.com had magazines. it was a nice surprise and i will use them again.  Secondly, Better homes and Garden consistently has great issues with information that everyone can use.  I love the recipes and the creative ideas.
very enjoyable reading ,  good articles and photo displays and seasonal articles pertaining to current seasons. eagerly await each issue.
A friend would always share her copy with me and I always enjoyed it.When she no longer had her subscription I decided to subscribe.I receive my subscriptions monthly.  I love reading the magazine and getting new ideas.
It's always a pleasure to get a new month's magazine. I read from cover to cover usually several times and there is always an article or two I tear out for future reference. I let my subscription expire once and found myself going through it at the news stand each month. There were always articles I wanted to keep so I would buy it. Needless to say- I now keep up my subscription!
...have read it for years, never disappointed.  The price was right.  I find when I don't have it coming every month I miss it!!
I enjoy looking through each month's issue at all the gardening ideas, organizational ideas and great recipes!!  Keep up the great info.
I just received my first issue of this magazine and I was very excited with all the ideas that are in it! Everything seems very easy to try and the pictures are great visuals. I would recommend to anyone.
Gift for my Mom for Christmas, a gift that keeps on giving.  She loved it and it is full of useful health, decorating and food articles.
I love this magazine, especially for this price. Always has good decorating ideas and good recipes to try. This is a subscription I can't live without!
Great - exactly what I thought it would be! The magazines are fun to read and I think this is a really good deal!
I gave 5 stars because the magazine is exactly what I ordered (Better Homes and Garden) and the price was great! It took a while for delivery to begin but I knew that before I placed my order. I ordered on October 31, 2012 and I received my first copy at the end of December.
Great magazine...but they are not kidding when they say it will start arriving in 6 weeks!  That was a long wait. Then I got the next issue 1 week later.
This was a very easy way to renew my subscription to a wonderful magazine that I've enjoyed for many years.
This magazine is the best of the best for people that love making their house more of a beautiful home.
I've read this magazine for years. Can't beat the price!
Love it! Even the recipes are good, though I wish they'd stick to HOMES and GARDENS. I can look up food anywhere. Their photo shoots are stupendous, and I love the &#34;found and repurposed&#34; items the best!
Great publication. Always current if not a bit cutting edge especially when it c I mes to color in the home.My go-to for design.
Very good recipes and wonderful home renovation ideas that can be accomplished with just a few dollars. The price of the magazine is very reasonable.
I love to go to bed a little earlier and very peacefully start reading the magazine . I look for the next oneThank youLourdes
I like all of the articles and ideas in BH&G. There are always beautiful pictures and descriptive articles as well as resources. I also like that they feature many of my favorite bloggers and some new ones for me to check out.
I enjoy the quality of Better Homes and Gardens. Always a nice variety of articles/topics and photos. It always seems to have things in each issue that I can use.
I like the article on this magazine.  Very good because I like to read and put on practice the recipe that are on this.
Love this mag .Love the room deco, the patio furniture the food display. If you like DIY there are lots in this mag.
Want good decorating tips and recipes, subscribe to Better Homes and Gardens.  This monthly magazine is fun to read with a lot of good articles on decorating your home, your garden.  Beautiful pictures. and less advertising than other magazines.  A nice way to spend a quiet afternoon, reading the latest issue.
love b h and g.  great price, though did take awhile to get subscription started, but no longer than ordering direct from Meredith.
Bought this as a gift, shipped quickly and my aunt loved it, would buy this again it's a great magazine.
I always enjoy each month of my Better Homes and Gardens  magazine!! It is a good &#34;all around&#34; magazine for tips and advice for every day needs! The price is excellent too!!
Great magazine with ideas and sources galore! I have already looked up several things online and am getting excited to do some projects!!
This is a great magazine full of helpful projects and great hints for everyday updates in every room of the house.
I love this magazine. They have simple affordable decorating ideas. Living at the beach gives me the opportunity to put these ideas to good use. Love the cottage style looks. I also wanted to say they are a very nice company to order through.
I loved it and it was very interesting. It had a lot of great ideas that helped me out a lot. I always pass them along to Dr.'s offices so other people can enjoy them.
I like this magazine and I am a guy! It gives me just enough tips and ideas to keep the place looking good. I don't use any cooking or recipe ideas as I cannot cook! I love the Amazon auto renewal because I can ignore all the renewal notices that come in the mail.
I have always loved B H & G and the deal I got on the subscription just added to that.
It's safe to say the price for this subscription is looooow and therefore I am happy with this purchase. 5 bucks a year is ok with me :)
I always get a good deal on subscriptions to BH & G.  Although there is a lot of advertising, I find it comparable to other magazines in that way.  There are tons of ideas in here and it's a great magazine to peruse before redecorating a room or even a house.I always love looking at different people's homes and gardens.  The gardens are absolutely beautiful and although I can't use too many of their ideas (I'm in zone 10), I can get ideas on garden structures and design.Lots of great recipes and ideas on entertaining as well.
Yes, Beter Homes and Gardens has a lot of ads but it's still a great little magazine.  Excellent and practical indoor and outdoor home interior design tips, great style tips (which are affordable),and wonderful straightforward recipes.  It's worth the subscription.
I love this magazine, from decorating to garden tips, I savor each & every issue!
I've been getting BH&G Magazine for many years and find it a wonderful &#34;home&#34; periodical.  The magazine has decorating tips, recipes, garden ideas and other valuable information such as various websites and blogs relating to home and garden issues.  I am happy with the subscription price given through Amazon which provides 2 years of service for only $10.00!  If you get the magazine, renew your subscription now--if not, it's an extremely reasonable way to try the magazine.
Love this magazine and for the price, why not? You won't be disappointed. Great garden and home ideas and sometimes even a good coupon!
Always loved this magazine.  Have been a Better Home and Garden fan for years.  Love the receipts, decorating and of course the gardens.
Wow - you can't beat a deal like this. A full year practically free. There was an option to receive the download version too, but I love flipping the pages of a magazine.
I bought this magazine on a whim, figuring that I might or might not read it, but the price was too good to pass up.  Now, every month, I look forward to getting it in the mail.  It has great recipes (I have tried a few new meals, and they have turned out great), and has really good decorating ideas.  I like that when they show paint colors, or a room with paint, they give you the name of the paint company, the color name, and the color number, so if you want to get the same color, you know exactly what it is.  The articles are not too long so it makes for an easy, no-brainer read when lounging on a lazy Sunday afternoon.
Love this magazine!  Great photos, great ideas, great articles!  While I don't like advertising in magazines, I realize that they are necessary, and the ones in BH&G are usually well-placed and pertinent.  It helps make for an appearance of a well laid-out magazine that is a pleasure to look at.  I always renew for another year when I see a great deal come up, and Amazon offers a great deal.  I've received this magazine probably for 10 or more years, I think I've got 2-3 years on my renewal so far, and have no intention of ever letting it lapse.
I have been a subscriber for over 20 years and love, love, love this magazine.  Can't beat the value by ordering from here!
Wonderful ideas, good recipes, and easy reading.  What more could I ask for?  I look forward to getting this each month!
The pictures are really nice to look at.  When you think of remodeling your home or landscaping your yard, this publication gives you a good visual on what you might consider doing. Professionally done.Peace and Happiness,Patrick Leonardi
Love this magazine, got it as a gift from a friend...the articles about gardening and decorating are doable, not outrageous.... and I just renewed the subscription....
Magazine has a wide range of topics related to in and outside the home. Great recipes. Advertising related to home/garden. I have subscribed for 5 years and renewed for 2 more years.
My mother used to get Better Homes and Gardens and now it's one of my favorite magazines, too.  I look forward to the decorating tips, recipes and articles in each issue!
Absolutely love Better Home and Gardens magazine and some of their other specialty publications - enjoy wonderful recipes and interior decorating ideas.
The electronic subscription is very good and easy to use. So many more ways to read BHG than written version. Takes a while to down load. But very good.
This magazine never fails.  Never has.  Ads, well like taxes, some things just must happen.  It has always been a favoritie.
Having the honor of being one of those people that subscribe to numerous magazines, I find that I am the perfect person to review the subscriptions because I was getting such a large amount to my door.I have kept Better Homes and Garden because it is consistent with it's articles, gardening hints and recipes (both pratical and precise). This one is well worth the money, and I know it isn't as expenisive as some of the others that I subscribe to.I also would recommend &quot;Country Living&quot; and &quot;House &amp; Garden&quot; in addition to this one.Happy Reading
Its a great magazine, my mother always had them around the house when I was a youngster, so I figured it was only right to carry on the tradition.It's great if you want to see what your house could look like if no one actually lived in it....
Had to make a decision on this magazine or a competitor and it all came down to value for what I was paying, The other one may have more recipes but this one has more guts! Highly recommend!
Love the beautiful pictures and recipes and the best part is most of them are easy enough that I will actually make them.  They do a fantastic job of highlighting the current seasonal trends in a way that is more relateable than other magazines.  Highly recommend.
If you are looking for ideas for that next decorating project, more than likely you can find at least one article each month to inspire you. With a focus on friends and family, gardening, interior design, building, family matters, flood, good health and shopping, you can't go wrong!I like the "Yours for the Asking" section where you can send away a postcard for more information instead of contacting each company.For mom's, the "kids project" section will be amusing and your kids will love the ideas.The cartoons are also cute and I had to laugh at the one that said: "Of course I love you. Didn't you get my fax?"Something about the pictures in this magazine always remind me of a bright sunny day. The open kitchens and lush gardens are just a treat to see.The recipe section really has a personality all of its own. The "Petite Caramel Apple" recipe they had in the September 2001 issue was so adorable!I look forward to every issue!~The Rebecca Review
Better Homes and Gardens is really about easy living. Each issue includes articles about friends and family, gardening, interior design, building, family matters, food, health, and shopping. This is the magazine I reach for between work and errands because the articles are easy to read and brief yet interesting and inspiring. A few feature examples: window box herbs, dieting myths, cooking scones, what's new in family cars, and more. Better Homes also emphasizes family by incorporating activities for children or for the whole family from season to season. Better Homes is a good magazine for holiday ideas, too, with recipes and crafts to decorate your home and enjoy with your children. Although there are more sophisticated home magazines out there, I'm glad I have Better Homes lying around when I have a minute to relax.
I have not received my first issue yet, but as I like Better Homes & Garden magazine, I'm sure I will like it when my subscription begins.
My favorite magazine for several years.  Its very reasonably priced.  I enjoy it so much I usually read it all in one sitting.
I love the tons of ideas they give you especially as I so not have a &#34;Creativity&#34; bone in my body!!
Enjoying, its a magazine what's there to say. Probably won't renew, but has had a few good articles. Alot of ads that take up space.
I subscribed to the print copy so I could get it on my Kindle.  This is my favorite kindle magazine.
This is a great magazine.  I get so many good ideas and recipes from this magazine.My children read it too.
I love BHG and prefer to look at it in a magazine rather than online. There is nothing better than sitting back at the pool or ocean with a BHG magazine while my family plays.
I love everything about this magazine.  It's priced so reasonably that you can't lose!  I'd also recommend getting on their email list at [...] because they send out emails with great ideas (decorating, crafts, recipes, etc) as well.
A great women's magazine.  So many interesting articles. Can't wait to receive it each month. I love the garden articles.
I recommend this magazine. It has a variety of articles. Anything you need from decorating, to cooking, to cleaning, and crafts. Very reasonable price.
Enjoy every issue and use the decorating tips and love trying out the various recipes.  Have not been disappointed in the magazine.
I subscribed to the magazine on Amazon and save money by subscribing.  Better Homes and Gardens has a wonderful reputation as a great magazine for those who love beautiful designs and enjoy cooking.  The recipes that I have tried were delicious!
I don't read many magazines with the internet, pinterest, etc, but this on is worth subscribing to.  Good ideas, great recipes
Always and enjoyable magazine.  Enjoy all their money saving ideas. The price was good. I hope magazines don't become a thing of the past.
Inexpensive subscription, enjoy looking at full-size pictures instead of digital for a change,and like the subject matter; would recommed this magazine to all ages of women
I always enjoy BH&G.;  It did take longer than expected to arrive.  BH&G; provides a variety  of interesting articles.  I recommend itto everyone.
Received in a timely manner - great so far -  think I will enjoy  this magazine. I was tired of fashion ONLY magazines and wanted to try some with decorating ideas  and recipes.
This is one of three different magazines I ordered.  I received my first copy of this one.
I absolutely love this magazine, and this price was too good to pass up. Especially whenever I was able to purchase it using Amazon credits! It took a little over a month from the time I ordered it until I received my first issue, but I've been receiving them pretty much about the time I see them appear in stores. Will definitely renew!
I like to keep my house up to date with decorating styles. BHG gives me ideas for keeping it that way. I love to see what people do with old houses too.
I subscribed before and stopped because I didnt have time to read it.  Now I have the time.  Glad this offer came along
I'm very please with my subscription.  Every issue is on time and filled with all kinds of ideas!  Thank you!
Love the Better Homes and Gardens magazine. Makes me wish I owned a house with a nice garden. But reading this mag lets me dream.
Better Homes has up to date, yet practical ideas for the home: decorating, family living, food preparation, gardening, and easy on the budget projects.
I always liked this magazine so when I saw this great offer I was very happy to subscribe.  My only complaint is I received my first issue the other day (1/28) and its the January issue.  I just hope that the remaining issues come earlier in the month like most subscriptions do.
Wonderful magazine! Thank you for the opportunity to purchase at a great price!Brenda Cooper
We love getting all the new recipes and home decorating ideas every month. Gave my wife a subscription to this magazine last year for Christmas and she loves it.
I love the different aspects of Better Homes and Garden and have it renewed until 2015!  This is a class magazine.
very good magazine!I have always loved it.Lots of helpful information in it,for men and women.good recipes.the subscription price is good also.
Been reading this magazine for a while.  It contains articles on specific concerns for, and methods of dealing with anything from avian diet, behavioral problems, species-specific care, choosing a bird, avian hygiene, emotional problems, outdoor and indoor enclosures, toy ideas, treats, and laws for bird owners to be aware of.  This magazine is not only for parrot owners, but finch and canary enthusiasts as well.
This is a great magazine for those of us who have and love birds at an absolutely GREAT price.
very informative info on taking care of my conure and lovebirds.  love the articles provided!!!  audra
This is a great magazine for bird owners and those thinking about purchasing birds for the first time.  It has informative and insightful articles.  It also has beautiful pictures.  I love it.  I think you will too.
I look forward to this magazine every month because it always has something interesting, something new to learn about my bird's behavior a new food for him to try or some foods that would be dangerous for me to feed him.  JUST A GREAT place for me to learn from.
Great magazine; been a subscriber for many years.Noticed that it's gotten thinner, and thinner ...Unfortunately, publication ceased with the September 2012 issue.Darn!
If you have birds or just love birds this magazine is a must.  BirdTalk is the ultimate monthly source of accurate and current information for bird lovers.  Anyone who is owned by parrots will find this magazine invaluable and fun!
Oh my gosh, Bird Talk magazine is one of my favorite magazines, i am so careful with my mags that i cover each and everyone with a plastic cover and file them carefully, i love to occasionally pick out a copy and treat myself to the beautiful pictures and excellent articles, i am a serious bird lover, have a military macaw, a greenwing, a 35 year old blind mealy amazon, 2 eclectus parrots which were a gift for my birthday from my soldier daughter stationed in hawaii, matter of fact, my little daughter, alexis got me a subscription of this mag for Christmas, anyways, a 5 star mag and a must for every bird lover.  Thank You, Brigitt from Roseville, California.
I could not possibly overemphasize how great Bird Talk magazine is. Each issue contains articles ranging from avian medicine news to laugh-out-loud humor, written by many of the best people in the "parrot world." Informative, interesting, helpful, and fun.
This is "The Magazine" for anyone who loves pet birds. I've enjoyed it for years. The center-page pictures are beautiful.Sorry, this magazine has been discontinued.
I have really enjoyed this magazine.  The articles are informative and interesting. The pictures of the birds are beautiful.  I would definitely reccommend this book to all bird lovers.
I have been receiving Bird Talk Magazine for some time now and have so enjoyed it.  It's not something you "outgrow" as a bird owner, because there are many fine books and publications out there to supplement your knowledge.  I'm so disheartened by the sudden notice of termination of this magazine.  It was a bright spot in the day to see it arrive in my mailbox.  The publication rightly gave the smaller birds (cockatiels and budgies, etc.) the attention they deserve, instead of being overshadowed by the large parrots who tend to be more noticed by most people.  The personal stories from companion bird owners were marvelous, and Bird Talk encouraged children's involvement with their pet birds.  Photos were beautiful.  It's a very sad day to see this magazine cease to exist.
I think all parrot owners and lovers should get this magazine.  It has beautiful full color photos of different species of parrots every month, as well as very informative articles written by the most experienced parrot keepers, breeders and trainers.  It is just a wonderful magazine for parrot people.  I will never do without it as long as I own parrots.Also, I got this renewal for less than anywhere else I had access to it.
We've had a subscription to BIRD TALK magazine for two years, and I just renewed for a third.  BT is the magazine to read if you want to go beyond books. Articles in BT are written by various bird lovers, many of whom, like Mattie Sue Athan, have also written book or two.  Many of the BT authors are avian veterinarians and many like Athan breed and raise and/or rehabilitate parrots or are simply extremely knowledgeable about companion birds. I find the monthly collection of articles very diverse-important to me as I have 18 companion birds, of 8 different kinds.BT carries plenty of information about excellent bird resources- suppliers, breeders, avian vets, etc. as well as toy makers and food suppliers). I found an advertisement for a small mom and pop organization in California that manufactures play gyms and stands using old grape vines from the vineyards.  These vines are harvested as the vineyards are replenished with new plants. Grape vine play gyms are wonderful fun for the birds-exercising bars as well as chewing toys-and great for giving the old beak a workout on something other than your ear or hand.Every month a different bird is featured on the cover, and in the lead article and centerfold. I saved the Senegal centerfold to hang in my office and remind me of my own little `Bertie' the Senegal when I am at work. I hand my copies of BT to my granddaughters after I have read them cover to cover and they have used the centerfolds to decorate their room. BT recently carried an article on feather-plucking and we all read it as one of the Cockatiels had developed this bad habit.  Following the advice in the article, we had the vet check Quincy out and when she pronounced him disease free, we began to examine factors in his environment.  We were able to get to the root of the problem and now Quincy is his old self.  Thanks BIRD TALK, keep up the great work.Periodically, the book includes a feature article on an endangered species, environmentally sensitive bird habitat and/or and Ecotour. Bird companions are often also avian conservationists.
I do not read magazines until a friend shared bird talk with me and now I try to wait patiently for the next issue! Fantasticmagazine for all bird owners.
I love your magazine! I recently subscribed to this year's subscription. I don't think I have or ever will read a better magazine. I just wanted to thank you for your logo (which is true), this is a magazine for better care for your pet bird! My bird is now living healthier than ever before. Now, after reading more and more, I've thought of buying another bird and possibly breeding it! Anyway, thanks again and I certainly look forward to recieving the next issue!
This is an excellent publication.  Information, products, groups and personal stories.  It's a pleasure for a dedicated bird lover to read.  I do recommend it.
Have read this mag for years and is one of the best.  5 stars
If you own any type of parrot, this magazine is for you.  It has very informative articles every month, you always learn something.  Recommend this to any parrot owner.
Loved this magazine, however, it is no longer in print for current issues. it is available for viewing on line only. Not as good but still an informative  e-magazine.
Have own birds for many years and enjoy reading and keeping up to date with avian information.
This magazine is a great source of information.It is very informative and just a lot of fun to read.It always has good information on birds and also on bird related products.
I love this magazine. It has very informative articles. There are also cute pictures and each month they have a focus on a different breed of bird. This magazine is a must for any bird owner.
Great magazine, offers lots of tips on health, training and general info on birds. I look forward to it every month.
We have a baby Hahn's Mini Macaw.  The articles in Bird Talk are really helpful in learning about behavior and diet which we are still learning a lot about.  I clip the most relevant articles and share them with the rest of the "flock".  The pictures are fun to look at too.  I would recommend this magazine if you have a bird or are considering getting one.  It covers many different types of birds so that you get to learn about them too.
I think that this magazine is a great magazine for all ages.  It give lots of information about your birds.  It has other stuff that you can buy online for your birds.  I t is great for bird owners or kids with lots of pictures for parrots and other birds.
The magazine is a great resource for bird owners and auto-renew is very easy.  Reminders are sent out so there are no surprises.  Unfortunately, the request for review of a recently purchased product is annoying and stupidly requires 20 words.
I am a bird owner, and this magazine is wonderful in the health care, maintence and training of birds.  I absolutely love all the cute pictures, health tips, and really helpful articles (like: Is Your Bird Too Fat).  This magazine is important in me keeping my birds healthy, safe and happy.  Every bird owner should get it for at least a year!!!!!!  I strongly recommend this fabulous, fun and interesting magazine.
I am a proud owner of a 5 year old African Gray Parrot. This magazine not only has great educational material on all species of birds but there are inspirational stories of parrot saviors, funny pictures and great offers. If you own a bird then you should treat yourself to this wonderful magazine
I have two cockatiels and find Bird Talk magazine to be very helpful in telling me information on how to best care for them.
When you have parrots, you can never have too much information. Especially new parrot owners should have at least one year of this magazine. It's full of articles on behavior, medical issues, fun stories, and serious conservation issues. I especially like the behavior articles. They have excellent authors like Mattie Sue Athan, Bobbi Brinker and a host of other well known authors, breeders and bird owners. I have a Macaw, Cockatoo and African Grey - and I have pulled back issues of Bird Talk many a time to find things out like "why is he doing that?" or "should he be doing this?" It especially helped when my parrot was beginning to act aggressive, I found out from Bird Talk that this tends to happen when they are moulting. So make sure you get your info, you won't be sorry.
Bird Talk is a great magazine for the Bird Lover.  It's informative and entertaining.  It has great articles on different types of birds.  The only drawback is that it's gotten a little thin lately though.
It has been awhile since I had a subscription to BirdTalk, so the opportunity to get it from Amazon at a very reasonable price during these stressful financial times was too good to pass up.  The info in BirdTalk is probably the best one can get consistently in a monthly periodical.  We really rely on it for care of our cockatiel, Kasey, who runs our home!
Bird Talk is full of what you need to know to raise a companion bird. The magazine keep you updated on new products for your special friend. There are always articles on different birds, safety warnings and personal stories about what's happening with a pet bird.  I like the articles about different companion birds in other countries or areas. You can't miss with this magazine.
Love this magazine and it came in a few weeks. I expected it to take much longer then it did. I am very happy with the subscription.  The magazine offers a lot of good information for any bird lover, from small parakeets to the larger Macaws. I recommend this magazine to any one who loves there companion birds.
I love getting Bird Talk each month as I have an Umbrella Cockatoo parrot, whom I've had since he was 3 months old, and he will be 10 yrs old in Feb. Joshua is my companion parrot, very lovable, he talks some but these birds are known for being the best parrots if you interact with them on a daily basis. Some call them "Velcro Birds" as they love to cuddle and be with their owner. Bird Talk has great articles about parrots and I would highly recommend this magazine to parrot owners.
Bird Talk is my favorite Bird Magazine. I always enjoy reading about Parker and Pepper.  Birdtalk always gives me great insite on all avenues of bird care, food, toys etc. I have several species of parrots, but it is also good to read about the other species.Thank You Bird Talk MagazineCheryl Sterner
If you have a pet bird you must get a subscription to Bird Talk. It's simply the best (and only) monthly magazine out there for our feathered babies. I started reading it when I had my parakeet and now I have a conure too. The articles and photos are amazing! I always learn something new. They also have some fun photo contests - my bird Rocky was in the April issue :-) Bird Talk is a hard magazine to find in stores so make sure you get a subscription.
I have enjoyed receiving Bird Talk magazine.  It is very informative  and I love all the pictures and stories.
This is a good magazine even for people who already know alot about birds, nice pictures, new articles, some heartwarming stories, I like it.
A must have for all Bird lovers. Very cheap price too. Very informative and 2 page posters inside every issue!
This is a wonderful resource for any exotic bird owner.  I love the articles and the advertisements are a great way to find discounted toys and bird-needs both locally and online.  The only thing I find fault with in the magazine is the blatant spelling errors that are peppered throughout the magazine.  However, this should not deter you from buying this great resource!
Bought this for my Mom for her Birthday and it turns out its her favorite magazine of all that shes gets.  She just loves it, so I give it 5 stars for that.
Many years ago I subscribed to Bird Talk for my Cockatiel that I had for 25 years. Recently I purchased a new Green Cheek Conure and wanted to learn more information about the caring and raising of a Conure and birds in general. I started last july y subscription to Bird Talk and read everything. It is an excellent source of information for every current and possible new bird owner. Each and very issue is a pleasure to read and I highly recommend it to everyone.
I feel that the magazine is very informative, and has a lot a great articles.  Good magazine for someone who has a bird or is thinking about getting one.  Good research tool.
Even though I have parakeets, the whole magazine is really interesting.  My little parakeets are somewhat like the larger birds.  I haven't had the budgies all that long and I'm interested in what makes them tick.
I have been a reader for a few years.  The pictures alone are worth the price.  I always learn something new.
This was given as a gift to a first time bird owner.  She is thrilled with the magazine and learning from it daily.  Every novice bird owner should have this magazine on hand!
I love this magazine. It is so helpful with lots of information. My baby Rosie and I read it together every time we get it. I read the articles and she sits on my hand shredding the edges of the pages as I read.
My heart is broken, since this magazine stopped publishing!The only publication I read cover to cover every issue!My parrots (4 of 'em) even liked the pictures, and showed they knew what they saw in the centerfold pictures.Will someone PLEASE bring this publication back??????
For pet bird lovers, this magazine is the best.  I recommend it highly ESPECIALLY for those who've never owned a bird before.
Birdtalk is one of my favorite magazines, I like all birds there are in the world, I like the great picture in the middle of the magazine and the questions much people have, also the drawings from children all over the US.
This magazine is not for everyone - not everyone wants to build a $6000 Dream Machine PC, or cares what the absolute most powerful PC components are but for thos of us who do - this is our bible.  An established perioudical, MaximumPC has a great staff and are the masters at what they do - make people drool after technology month after month.
This magazine is unfortunately very slim and I am able to finish reading it much quicker than I wish.  Forunately, though, the content that is included is some of the most trusted PC review content I have ever encountered.  Other PC magazines just feel like thick advertisements.  I rarely trust the reviews found in other magazines because they seem suspiciously biased towards particular manufacturers.  Not so with this magazine.When this magazine says a particular product is good, I pay attention.As proof of the magazines impartiality, I have seen more than once a case where a product prominently advertised in the magazine actually receives a poor review within the content of the magazine.  That kind of credibility is worth its weight in gold and is the reason I continue to get this magazine.I don't necessarily buy the products they talk about, but I use this magazine to at least keep my finger on the pulse of the cutting edge in PC computer hardware.There are a lot of ads, but they are mostly gathered together at the end of the magazine.  They are actually the only PC ads I pay attention to.  You will find a wide assortment of products listed for sale and in a way it is like looking at a catalog of products.  When I am done reading the magazine, I always spend a good amount of time browsing through the ads getting ideas on new hardware purchases to consider.
Maximum PC is one of the best PC magazines out there.  The reading content is great, it's not one of those magazines were you already know everything you read in the newest issue.  What you'll find in this magazine you won't find online, great reviews and other great stories.I think the best part of the Maximum PC are the CD's the I get with it every month, I've found a TON of GREAT free games on those CD's along with very useful applications.If your looking for a PC Magazine this one is for you!!
I've been reading this magazine for about 2 years (front-to-back) and it is absolutely the best pc magazine out there. The reviews are so well done that I often refer to old issues; something I can't say about competing magazines.The articles are useful and succinct, usually covering issues well ahead of other publications. It is well organized and allows you to glance through it with their summarizing "Verdict" boxes on each review. The editors are very good about keeping with their readers, effectively relating to them.A flagship occurance, as many other readers will tell you, that sets this magazine apart is that you might find a review telling you how horrible the product is on one page and on the next see an advertisement for that same product. I build many computers and I rarely disagree with their reviews. Another useful item is the benchmark, which lets you compare system and laptop performance to others they have reviewed as well as to your own.For hardcore users, the magazine provides dependable, in-depth reviews. For beginners, it might be very intimidating, but after a couple issues, you should catch on to the style and humor enough to know more than the average person.A con not mentioned in other reviews is that their web-site isn't all that spectacular. However, they finally hired someone to work on it, so it should improve.
just got my frist iss-u -nice reviews and product previews on PC's and other PC related items - got the mag in the past - and it's still good today - i would order it for the lates updates on the computer world out there
This is my first time subscribing  to a pc magazine and I have not regretted.I did alot of research and read many reviews before making a decision.It provides good insight on the ever changing world of technology, not only computer hardware and software.I fine that its rather intuitive and I am also impressed with the authors on their continued support in providing self help techniques for troublshooting or enhancing  a computers performance.
One of the truly beautiful things about Maximum PC is the fact that they cover so many computer-related topics.  Many PC magazines have evolved into field-specific narrow-ranged reads, but this one stays true.  It covers software, hardware, modding, gaming, and so much more.  It features content appropriate for all levels of computer users, and its reviewers are phenomenally in-depth.  Not only is the content great, but reading it proves to be remarkably enjoyable.  The magazine's staff succeeds in making it seem very personal, to such a level that you feel like you know everyone there. It has a great attitude too (how can you go wrong with a magazine entitled "Maximum PC, Minimum BS"?) If you're looking for a PC mag that covers a wide-range of interests and is still greatly enjoyable, this is the one.
It's not often you find something that is both a reliable resource and and entertaining read at the same time, but Maximum PC nails it on both fronts.  Despite the constantly evolving state of computer technology, back issues of this mag have reserved space on my bookshelf for those times when I run into a problem I can't immediately solve or am looking for a free app or website to suit a certain need.Each issue contains a plethora of reviews, news, tips, and how-tos.  Whether you're building from scratch on a budget, want a review of the latest and greatest ready-made system, or trying to plan an upgrade, they have something for you.  In addition you might find an article on the latest, most-addicting games on the web; a round-up of the best free anti-virus programs available for download; a layman-friendly summary of current legal issues in regards to file sharing; or the results of a test to see just how physically durable today's hard drives are.  Which they really did, by the way - the cover picture was epic.Meanwhile, all of this is done with a sense of humor, a strong eye for the end-user (with a care towards varying levels of experience), and not a hint of condescension.
I've been a subscriber for over a year now, and consistently read each issue cover to cover the day it arrives in the mail.  It's the must read journal for the PC enthusiast, even if you don't overclock or watercool your CPU.  The reviews and feature articles are helpful, relevant, and entertaining.  It isn't simply a vehicle for full page glossy ads, unlike many of the gamer magazines.  Furthermore, the magazine staff has a real interest in listening to its readers.  On top of that, it's a mere buck per issue!  If only all my subscriptions were this valuable.
MaximumPC wasn't my choice. It was sent to me uninvited to complete a subscription I had for a magazine that went defunct. On top of that, I have only a passing interest in PC's; I am certainly not a technician, nor am I an avid gamer. To complete the disconnect, I am 59 years old. With that background, you might be surprised to learn that I look forward to receiving each issue. So was I.It's hard to put a finger on what makes this magazine so appealing to someone like me.  First I like the style.  Other reviewrs have described it as edgy, but I think of it as fun and accessible.  I have ever read any other PC book or magazine that I would describe as anything even close to fun, but this one definately is.  Secondly, it has fascinating hardware articles that are incredibly clear and understandable.  I have learned more about video cards, memory types, and processors than I ever thought I would want to learn, all while being entertained.  I have to admit that the article on building your own super PC made me want to do just that, although I would opt for the budget version, which they also included in the article. Finally, the software reviews are first class, honest, and hardhitting.  They are written by avid, unabashed gamers, and they are not shy about calling a toad a toad.  I have used their reviews to buy christmas and birthday gifts and have never been disappointed.This magazine is one of those rare combinations of information and entertainment.  I read it cover to cover each month, usually smiling most of the way.  Needless to say, I renewed my subscription.
Max PC has the most current info and reviews on the newstands, and is geared towards real power users. For anyone into building and upgrading their super-systems, this magazine has great advice and the best information for keeping you current.
I know for the most part magazines are dead, but I still like to hold one in my hand at times.In particular, you don't have to wait till 10k feet to open a magazine on the plane.This magazine is always packed with up to date information on PC computing and is by far the best magazine on the subject.  Articles are always informative and to the point.A few times a year the create well defined builds that will help you to build your own PC instead of buying a disposable from one of the box stores.  These PC's will out perform and out last those other computers, and are upgradeable.  Best yet because they can be upgraded they won't end up in the land fill as quickly.In addition to the build articles they provide upgrade articles from time to time.  These will help you update if you used one of the previous builds and the time has come.Information ranges from the basic to the cutting edge of performance, as do the computer builds.  Quality analysis of the components available is provided.Many issues have excellent tips on how to get the most out of the current version of Windows.This is a great magazine and I definitely recommend it.
The title says it all. I have been a reader of PC Mag, Electronic Games, PC Zone, PC Gamer, PC world etc in the past. The reason I prefer Max PC over the above is that it contains just the right amount of information about hardware, software, technical details and games. I ordered the CD version from the maximum pc's website. The CD contains some cool applications, graphics drivers and game demos / mods. It will save you some time in finding and downloading the apps (especially for non-broadband users).
Doesn't spend time explaining all of their terminology and articles are actually related to PCs (unlike other "PC" magazines in which "PC" appears to stand for Politically Correct)! Reviews are hard-hitting and, from what I could perceive, very fair. The magazine also manages to stay away from politics, instead of others I've read in which they're constantly going on about philosophy. There is a column on "Game Theory" I'm not to fond of, but I've read and enjoyed almost every article in the magazine. I'm very excited when it arrives in the mail.
I can recommend Maximum PC for computer user/builder (who's not?). Once I got it I still keep my subscription.It's not expensive, but every issue has a lot of valuable information.
A must have magazine for anyone into windows computers and do it yourself computer building (the real way to do it ;))
This is my favorite magazine. Comes on time and always excited to see it in the mailbox. Definatly a must read for anyone interested in computers.
I'm very happy my first Maximum PC came in the mail the other day! I thought it would be at least another month until my first magazine would arrive.  I love reading all the product tests and about the latest computer components and accessories, etc. I look forward to the arrival of Maximum PC every month! It's very informative with great pictures, prices, etc. - it makes me dream of my next computer build or upgrade. I've been reading Max PC for years, and now with my subscription I'm saving money on the mag,and from having to run around from store to store to get the latest copy! I'm glad I checked out Amazon.com and ordered from them, I am ordering computer speakers from them also. I've done my window shopping and Amazon has awesome prices and a wide selection of the things I want and need. Thanks Amazon!
At one time, this was my least favorite computer magazine. As more and more computer magazines discontinued the print editions (which i prefer), this and one other remained. When renewal time came, I asked myself, &#34;do I really need two ccomputer magazines&#34;. No. One will be suficient. I decided that page for page, Maximum PC offered more useful content per page. A bonus is that if you are a 'computer geek', you'll simply 'droll' over some of the 'dream machines' Maximum PC reviews. Highly recommended.
Being an early 20's college student I can say that I've been reading this magazine consistently since I was 17.  I love it.  They're in depth reviews rock, and the fact that they aren't afraid to dive into accessories and other technology.  The articles on a specific technology, like oled for example are fantastic as well as their help section.  I've tried a few other computer / technology magazines but nothing comes close to MaximumPC.
Maximum PC is a no BS magazine.  Whether you're interested in hardware, software, computer tips and tweaks, they have the cutting edge information.  I have been a subscriber from the beginning when they were &quot;Boot&quot; magazine and it gets better with each issue.  Although some games are reviewed, this is NOT a gaming magazine.  There is something in this mag for everyone.  Definitely worth the 12 bucks!
I have been a subscriber to this magazine for many years and I love it.  It has really good information in it, upcoming technology, and cool ideas.  It's well written and an easy read.  It's a great source to follow if you have questions are thinking of a DIY project.
This is a fantastic magazine. Maximum PC is one of the few computer magazines that doesn't seem like its catered towards 60 year old network admins. Maximum PC covers a lot of the latest technology, latest computer parts and builds, and 95% of the articles each month are very interesting/actually worth reading.I really look forward to receiving my Maximum PC each month. I've tried reading nearly every other computer magazine to find one that is similarly interesting each month and they are all so dull. Maximum PC does a great job at covering things that are actually interesting and relevant to the average power user. In addition, the Maximum PC No-BS podcast is very entertaining and worth listening to, and their website is constantly covering the latest and greatest in tech news and devices.I would highly recommend this magazine to any gamer, person younger than 60 thats into computers, or anyone looking to learn more about computers in an interesting way. If I have one complaint about this magazine, its that its only 100 pages and I finish reading it about 2 hours after it gets to my house and it leaves me in an "I can't wait for the next issue to arrive" mood the rest of the month!
I recieved a recent copy of Maximum PC as a gift and I have to say I'm quite happy with it.  The reviews are in depth, and mostly feature length instead of short half page reviews.  The hardware reviews are interesting and benchmarked well, and the editors appear to know what they're talking about.  The taglines they give to their pros and cons are also entertaining.  I'd highly recommend this magazine for people interested in PCs.
If you are really into building computers and keeping them up to date with the latest parts/mods, this is the magazine for you.  If you buy your computer from corporations (Dell, Compaq, HP), and do not build your own machines.  Then this magazine isn't 100% for you.Their reviews are highly informative and loaded with benchmarks.  After reading 1-3 magazines you will have the best computer money can buy.ProsThe best ArticlesAwesome Reviews on software/hardwareAlways have the scoop on the latest computer partsConsThe Magazine is geared towards people who build computers
I started buying this in Sept of '03 because of the short blurb on the cover (of every issue) "Maximum PC - Minimum BS".I have never seen that proved wrong.  Every issue is crammed full of articles that bring maximum PC goodness right to your mailbox.There are articles about building and modifying your own PC, reviews of PC's and PC components, a "Watchdog" column that keeps readers abreast of problems in the industry (and attempts to find solutions for readers, too - a nice touch), a head-to-head article that compares one similar product to another, an "Ask the Doctor" column that provides answers to both simple and very complex computer questions, and many others.My favorite is the how-to's in just about every issue.  All of the how-to's show even neophytes how to get down and get dirty with mods (modifications) to their machine.  But, the articles take neither a "write down to the lowest level" nor a "technogeek know-it-all" approach - they tell you what to do and how to do it simply, and reveal many "secrets" you won't read in mainstream computer magazines.And the reviews.  I love the "Kick-A**" award - you know that product is good.  And when a product doesn't meet their standards they simply come right out and tell you it sucks - saving people lots of money in the bargain, I suspect.This product is managed by the same people who do "PC Gamer" and it shows.  Many games =require= the latest and greatest machines in order to run well.  And the few game reviews shows that they know games just as well as they know computers.Their writing style isn't for everyone, but I really enjoy the almost in-your-face attitude that they project.  This is the kind of person I want standing behind me when I make expensive modifications to my computer system - keeping me from making mistakes before I start to turn a single screw.Recommended to anyone who has ever thought of opening the cover of their computer and doing thier own upgrades and modifications.  Highly recommended to any person who builds and modifies computers - especially highly recommended to any people who do this for computers that are virtually dedicated to gaming.  Well worth reading and keeping.
This is what i wake up and think about every day. I wasn't thinking clearly by buying them in the stores so i ordered it off amazon.Bryan
Got hooked by the price, needed to renew any way, did the auto renewal to get the best price. Can still cancell at any time, but I like the tech mag. so I would buy it again and again anyway. Amazon makes it easy to extend your subscription, so go ahead and sign up.
I have been reading this magazine for years and I feel it is one of the best technical sources on the market.  It provides detailed product reviews and system tuning advice.  Most magazines of this type are 60% advertising and 40% content.  MaximumPC has fewer ads and the quality of the content is far superior to others.  MaximumPC also  includes a CD with every issue that has all kinds of open source utilities and freeware applications.  The advantage of the CD is you do not have to search the web for content and the CD is virus free.  I build 3 to 4 PC a year and never miss an issue.Caution: Pay attention to what you order on Amazon.  I renewed my subscription for a great $14 price only to discover with my first issue that it did not include the CD.  A little deceptive because they show it with the CD on their site.
What a great magazine.  I usually check Google news everyday to find out the latest in technology.  But Maximum PC magazine delivers the best objective reviews on everything that I seem to miss.  The "how to install" articles are very illustrative for even the newbie computer builder.  I'm thinking about purchasing a new computer, and this magazine helps me determine what products to purchase and not to purchase.  This magazine is directed towards a computer user that will need a fast computer to do video editing, gaming and other resource heavy requirement.  If you want a serious review on the latest technology, this is your magazine.  When I say objective, the last issue had a great article on why you may want to wait to purchase Windows Vista.  Made me think twice on rushing out there to buy it.
This magazine is an excellent source for what's hot in the PC field today.Gives reviews of new and upcoming products and lots of hands on stuff to help improve a users knowledge in performance tuning and general use of their PC.Lots of articles on setting up and building new rigs!!Good stuff!
This is the best computer magazine out there, bar none, and I say this for many reasons, most of have already been stated.  Most PC magazines cover what the masses are buying, but its largely useless information on stuff no one wants to read about over and over again.  Buy one at the news stand if you're in the market for a normal pre-built and sign up for the PC World news letter.  That way you can learn about all the new advances for a lot less money (free.)Max PC doesn't talk about run-of-the-mill stuff, it talks about the cutting edge of what is available NOW.  Not what is being developed, not what has been out long enough to be affordable to everyone, but what is brand-spanking new.  This is what the people that subscribe to computer magizines are looking for.They also have the most useful, complete, to the point reviews I have ever seen.  And most importantly, they have lots of information about what any true computer enthusiest either does, or wants to do: build your own machine.  This is agumented by a very good segment called "Ask the Doctor" that answers questions about computers, much like most good car mags.In short, they have about everything the non-business computer fiend would want, and almost nothing they wouldn't.
This is by far the best PC magazine out there. They offer legit reviews, nice walk troughs and also explain what's upcoming in terms that you can understand while not talking to you like you're an idiot. Lots of benchmarks and a really good amount of content in each issue. This is the way a PC magazine should be done, not garbage like the other mags they sell on here. Highly recommended.
I've been looking for a great PC hobbyist magazine for a while and Maximum PC fits the bill nicely.  While other so-called PC magazines are focusing more and more on consumer electronics, Maximum PC provides in-depth reporting on cutting-edge PC tech for the hobbyist trying to get the most out of their PC.  It's not just for gamers, either.  I look forward to my issue every month.
I hate to spend money on information and news magazines. Why do that when I can just read stuff online? This magazine is why. It is the ONLY magazine I have subscribed to in at least 10 years and it's the only one I will always keep. I get giddy when I open the mailbox and see it sitting there. i take it out and make sure the mail carrier took good care of it.The information is current and somehow, in some cases, ahead of the curve. I read this thing cover to cover more than once. The articles are informative. The reviews are honest and current.I can't tell you how many times I've got up from the couch while reading this mag and took it to my computer because there were just too many things I had to look at online that this mag suggested. I sit at my PC with it open and check out all this cool stuff like websites, tweaks, guides, suggestions. It's awesome!PS: No, I don't work for Maximum PC. I just love them! lol
Best magazine for technology news, custom builds and how-tos.  My only complaint is that Amazon does not offer this as a 1year auto renewal.  If they did, I would buy it immediately.
Even when you think you know about something, you might learn something new. For example, I did not know that burning a CD at lower speeds increases compatibility. And each issue comes with a CD full of anything from utilities to game demos. $25 for a one year, 12-issue subscription is a steal.
Maximum PC is an interesting well written magazine. It is  also loaded with information about new technology and hardware not yet on the market. I love this magazine.
I LOVE Maximum PC and have been getting subscriptions for quite a few years now. It just ended and I went to renew and they don't list prices, and have a "be contacted by email when this is available". I am hoping it comes back soon. I love Amazon's service where all my magazines are listed as to when they expire and they are easy to manage.
Okay, if you're a hardware power-junkie, this is your mag. Max PC rips on those who disappoint (should have seen the slamming report on K-mart's &quot;Blue-light special&quot; PC awhile back) and give out the coveted Kick-a** award to only those deserving few. It covers specialized PC modifications (Specialty paint jobs, lights, windows, panels, conversions, etc), hardware issues, love/hate issues with new PCs and products on the market and so much more!This magazine is also a lot more easy-going on a language level than a lot of other PC magazines. They don't say things &quot;We believe this to be an inferior product&quot;. They say &quot;This thing sucks!&quot;. It makes it a little easier to read than the standard, overly serious PC-mag.Also, once a year, the folks at Max PC put together the ultimate PC of the year. This is a PC builder's midnight fantasy full of the latest (most expensive) hardware. Then they give you a run-down on it's scores.I've recommended this mag to everyone I know who is even slightly interested in computers.They've also saved me much headaches (and a lot of cash) from their &quot;Watchdog&quot; column, which monitors a vendor's customer service, and/or financial problems with refunds/ returns or patches.I'd say get signed up, this mag is worth the cash!
I won't repeat what others already said.  Instead let me add that this is the only magazine that I don't throw out.  Each issue has a &quot;How to...&quot; guide.  It can be anything from &quot;Windows XP Secret Tools&quot; to &quot;How to overclock your PC.&quot;  As I get each issue, I save it and build my own library of guides.  If I ever need to know how to do something, I just go back to my Maximum PC library and select the issue that covers that topic.Also each issue has a section where the PC techies take a new product and test it under hazardous conditions to see whether it survives or not.  3 issues ago, techies took 4 USB &quot;keychain&quot; drives and tested them in 4 ways:  Dropped them from a 5-story building, put each one in a block of ice, in a clothes drier and put each one under the tires of a semi-truck.  At the end, they let you know which usb drive survived and which didn't.This magazine covers much, much more.  However, I do not want to repeat other reviewers.  Great magazine!
I just recently got into "real" computers, something powerful enough to run todays demanding games. MaximumPC is the perfect magazine for hardware that is above and beyond the everyday Dells and HPs. Great reviews and articles about some of the latest and most powerful components and software out there. Would definitely recommend to anyone interested in computers.
its got some great product reviews, some cool diy,etci liked it a lot, but would not recomend it for newbs
I was not sure as a young kid I had saw them all watching after school. Now after watching all the disc I saw every episode.. Great TV wish it included the three movies.
We ordered this magazine for our grandson (then 7 going on 30) who was/is deploy into technology. He really enjoyed every issue.
I am not a gamer or power user (which are the target markets for _Maximum PC_), but I still really enjoy reading it. My only complaint, which is one that I would bring against almost all computer magazines nowadays, is that a lot of each issue is devoted to electronics that are not PC's--smart phones, televisions, etc.
The best tech magazine out there. I've been a subscriber for years.They have a great website to supplement the magazine too.Amazon has great deals on this magazine too.
A fun read encompassing nearly every important facet of the PC with an emphasis on performance and gaming. Yes the information they provide can be found on the internet, but the simplicity and no-nonsense approach of their reviews makes getting the information a pleasure rather than an arduous task leading to more questions than answers.
MAXIMUMPC IS MY ONLY PC MAG AT PRESENT; IT HAS EVERYTHING I AM INTERESTED IN: NEW PRODUCTS, PRODUCT EVAL AND COMPARISONS, AND NEW TECHNOLOGIES. HOWEVER, I RECEIVED MY FIRST MAGAZINW SANS CD-ROM; I ENJOY THESE FOR THE DRIVER UPDATES AND UTILITIES. DO THE DISCOUNTED SUBSCRIPTIONS COME WITHOUT THE CDs? IF SO, IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN REPRESENTED AS SUCH IN THE AMAZON DESCRIPTION!! SUCH INFORMATION GOVERNS WHETHER OR NOT I AM WILLING TO GIVE UP A FEATURE FOR A DOLLAR SAVINGS; I RESENT NOT HAVING SUCH A CHOICE. THIS OCCURRED WITH MY LAST RENEWAL AS WELL! PERHAPS THE PUBLISHERS OF MAXIMUMPC ARE PLAYING THIS GAME!!
If you are the type of computer user that likes to have a state of the art system every few years then this magazine is for you.  After reading the magazine for a while you get an idea of the components and brands you would like in your next system.  You will be able tell the fads from the trends in new hardware.  While it probably isn't cost effective to build your own system other than to impress your friends you can compare your list of components with those of the smaller computer manufacturers and come pretty close for a lot lower price.  This magazine is for someone who isn't afraid to open the case and change boards or to buy a computer from someone other than the big boys with their prepackaged systems.  You might consider this magazine if you are asking yourself why do I have to buy an extra monitor, mouse, keyboard and floppy drive with a new system?The magazine does describe in fairly good detail how to modify your system to make it what you want.  This month they even discussed what you can and can't do in upgrading a laptop including the reasons why.What don't I like about the magazine?  Being a few years past a 20 year old gamer I have to look past some of the glitz and language like Kick A** reviews.  I realize that gaming is driving the leading edge of the sound, video and computer speed advancments and that digital music is driving R/W CD's so the magazine is geared to those interests.All in all it is a good magazine to keep you current with the trends.
If you do PC Upgrades this is a must!!Lots of reviews...A good magazine..
Lots of practical stuff, good content, though sometimes too focused on the (expensive) high end.
I started reading this magazine from the very beginning. It was in its second year of publication, and I was, and still am, a very big Power User. I got this magazine, and it encoruaged me to buy PC Gamer as well. I have had lots of fun with this magazine:To begin, this mag is funny. Just like PC Gamer, you get the same, funny, and high spirited reviews. They are all very helpful, and like others have mentioned, this is the only hardcore PC magazine around. I have written reviews about PC World, giving it bad reviews because the fact is, it won't give the content that MaxPC will. Will you EVER see an article about WATER COOLING in a PC World mag? No way! But in MaxPC, that was what the cover story was for its last issue. This mag actually TELLS YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOUR COMPUTER! You will see motherboard reviews, CPU reviews, graphics card reviews, case modding guides, PC fix-it guides, overclocking guides, the information is endless and informative. Forget PC World. They are dumb and they can't produce ANYTHING that MaxPC can!
Hands down, MaximumPC blows away all competition, particularly for gamers andvideo editing freaks.Way ahead of the pack on new developments by Intel, AMD, and Nvidia with all the benchmarksyou ever hoped and prayed for. If you want to know whats next and who is the King of the Hillthis is the best reference point in the industry. However, their customer service SUCKS! Irecently moved and sent in a change of address, I was told it would take THREE MONTHS tomake the change but I raised so much hell that I got my next issue in the mail about 20 dayslater. 5 GigaschnitzlesBTW, this price is for the magazine ONLY! You don't get the free CD's for a dollar a month OK?!?If you want the "free" CD's go to the newsstand and pay $9 for this months issue. They don't comewith a regular subscription.
Been a subscriber to this magazine for years and got an awesome deal purchasing the two year package. Great price and first issues showed up earlier than expected! Would renew when the time comes.
Excellent product! I love reading through the magazine and learning about the cool new products out there and the cool programs!
This is by far the best PC magazine I have ever owned. It provides great reviews of the latest products out on the market. Before building your PC make sure you check this magazine first. I love the layout and the great looking design. I highly recommend this magazine.
I have subscribed off and on since 2006.  Great articles, accurate reviews, hilarious editorials...very informative and always a great read.  I wish it were as hilarious as PC Accelerator (God Bless and Rest that wonderful Magazine).... but nothing will beat it...ever.... so this I give the second best PC Mag ever, with varied content and honest reviews/articles.  If you want the scoop and don't mind waiting for a magazine, this is your answer.  The new editor-in-chief knows his stuff very well, and is always entertaining to read. Great PC Journalism.
i used to subscribe to pc gamer but i cant find it anywhere these days, i guess it got pulled from production... amazon doesnt sell it anymore anyway... but yeah maximum pc looks to be cool anyway cause i was wanting more pc info rather then just game info all the time.
Great magazine for anyone interested in tips on the latest hardware and software performance tips.  Certainly worth the price.
This is without a doubt the best PC coverage magazine you can get. I have read this magazine for years & find you can truly trust what they say. The reviews are excellent & the articles are written where anyone can understand them.
I am not a computer geek.  I know how to turn the computer on and move the mouse.  I know very little else about computers and find their tech jargon confusing.  If you are like me then this is the magazine for you!  This magazine takes complicated jargon and makes it easy to understand.  They have indepth articles that are written in laymans terms.  I have received one issue so far and read it from cover to cover.  It contained feature articles on various systems, components, pc games and upgrades-all written with layman in mind.  This is one computer magazine you don't need a phd in order to understand what they are talking about.  If they can give me confidence and think about upgrades and how to install them then they can do it for anybody.
Ok, lets review... honest reviews of cutting edge computing with witty comments.  Not only is Maximum PC smart and fun to read, but it very informative.  The topics range for "all" types of computer user readers.  I have been a reader/subscriber since it was "Boot" magazine back in the 1990's!  Keep up the great work!
I have been referring to MaximumPC for many years now, and always enjoy the reviews and guides. This is an excellent resource for PC builders and modifiers, or people just interested in getting the most bang for their buck. Highly recommended read!
Pretty much the best magazine as far as computer hardware is concerned. Always has dependable and accurate reviews that show little bias, besides possibly some Intel bias. Of course, this is because the magazine focuses on raw performance and not necessarily price per dollar, but it does mention when certain hardware is a great deal. It also periodically does a build on "under x dollars" which is nice if you are on a budget close to what they are using. The magazine always contains a good mix of content such as news, reviews, stories, and writings from the team. Overall, a great magazine that I have subscribed to for years and plan to keep subscribing to.
I used to subscribe to the Ziff Davis mags, PC World, PC Magazine... but I got really tired of those because they were turning in to an electronics magazine and not a PC mag. I want Magazines that has articles about PC's, their hardware and software, not cell phones and Home Theaters...This magazine does have an article or two about electronics but they are far and few in between. The articles they do have range from simple newbie articles to advanced reviews on Raid controllers.I will keep this magazine and have already dumped the Ziff Davis ones.
I have been a subscriber to PC magazine for over ten years and watched in dismay as slowly but surely the magazine has become painfully boring.  Max PC may not have the erudite vocabulary, it may not have the latest outlook or word-processing tips, but it has FUN.  The joy of doing something faster and better is back.  I read Max PC and it takes me back to the seventies when computing power hitherto available only to businesses started to leak down to the public.Most of the other magazines have lost the hardware angle completely.  Max PC is for those who take pride in the hardware.  Forget the corporate drones who are forced to review the best mini-mouse for cramming work in coach class--instead, read about how to make a PC case shine like a Ferrari.  Learn how to overclock a processor with liquid cooling (who would have thought?).  It is simply fascinating and has taken me back to the days when new developments were fast and furious.  Worth every penny--heck, I may even get back into computer games.
I have received this publication over the past 2 years and have never been able to put it down until I had read all the articles that I could.  It is very rewarding to see how many people like me that are computer curious but not a real pro.  Some of them even ask real questions that they get answers for.  The ads and alike tell the story to us that one can't dig up on their own.  It informs us of where to look and who to get help from.  I am 70 years old and most of what I have learned has been from my son and from publications.  I have a very good working knowledge of computers and am not afraid to look into things on the web.  After all we all share in the knowledge base at one time or another.  I have friends who won't even go near a computer and wish to stay ignorant of them.  Sorry for them but as long as my mind keeps sharp I will seek the knowledge that interest me.Jim
I have read them all, and for me, this is the best one.  I look so forward to it coming in the mail, that I end up reading it in one sitting when it finally arrives.  Then I spend the rest of the month rereading it & wishing that the next month's would get here sooner.  Great compaisons & reviews that are concise & to the point.  If I want more info, I can go to their website & get more in-depth.  And then there is the disk with programs to try.  Yes, I could download the files on my own, but the convenience of having the collection at my fingertips is very valuable to me.
I've not had my subscription to Maximum PC for all that long, but already it's become my most valuable publication, including the digital ones that I get. While some have argued that it focuses too much on gaming and gaming technology, I've got a bit of a different opinion. Maximum PC has had a plethora of useful articles that I have seen, recommendations on many small apps and programs to use to make your computing experience better, articles geared towards streamlining the day to day experience of a pc tech, articles on world technology, and yes, articles on gaming machines. And guess what? Even for those who do not game, learning about cutting edge gaming technology can be applicable, because more often than not, that processor, GPU, or other piece of hardware has dozens, hundreds, or more uses besides merely gaming. I myself only game on occasion, and nothing that is demanding. However, while I am planning my new PC build - I will be ordering parts and building my PC, and I have a budget and cannot afford to waste - Maximum PC was invaluable in providing parts suggestions - as well as being a springboard for thought - they recommend one thing, which leads me to think of another... etc.All in all, well done, and this will be the one magazine I always have in my bag/briefcase for spare time reading.
GREAT PRODUCT FOR A GREAT PRICEHOWEVER, I NEED TO CHANGE THE SHIPPING ADDRESS FOR FUTURE PUBLICATIONS....I INADVERTNETLY SELECTED MY NAME AND ADDRESS WHEN I PURCHASED IT AND I SHOULD REALLY HAVE PUT THE RECIPIENTS.
This magazine is suitable for the most elite of hardware computers and beginners alike. It reviews recent hardware, and in every issue there are some special things, this months was a dream machine where they go over how to build a blazing fast computer and they take you through it step by step. Also, they aren't biased, they speak objectively. You will find all kinds of information, from windows linux and other operating systems to hardware and much more. i have tried pc world, and pc magazine, and they don't even compare to maxpc. both of them are filled with a ton of junk while maxpc is brief and to the point.  besides having a wonderful magazine, they have a dedicated reader audience who literally live in the forums and they will be glad to help you with your problems. this is Definitely the best out there.
Excellent price for a 2-year renewal/subscription.  There are some cheaper options out there but they do not come with the CD.
I've been a PC user and builder for more years than I care to admit. This is THE ONLY RESOURCE worth reading.  The other big names, who I will not mention, but you know them, are hopelessly  biased by big advertizers.  I find them of little use, for that reason and because they simply lack substance.  Maximum PC reviews the latest and greatest equipment and software, and does it in language we can all understand.  PC Upgrade is also a good publication.  It provides examples of systems you can build with step by step instructions on how to do it.
Love the magazine.  The price through Amazon is well worth it for the knowledge recieved and the subscription process is painless
I started off in the early days with a "Boot" subscription that eventually morphed itself into Maximum PC. The magazine's writing and tone always felt just about right and in the days before Internet, was the only way to actually get good information about hardware. Maximum PC, PC Gamer and Computer Shopper were required reading for me in my early years of computer building and upgrading.Fast forward many years later and I finally let me subscription lapse and never renewed. Chalk it up to the immediacy of the Internet and all the new hardware sites that left me wondering why I would need to read information 2-3 months out of date.However, on a recent business trip I picked up a newsstand copy for the flight and was struck at how much I enjoyed reading good content again. And to the writers credit, they have changed content slightly to highlight articles that do not suffer from a few months delay.I work in a circulation department for another magazine and I get all the frustration magazine customers have at slow delivery, fulfillment of old issues and all those many many ads. My only defense is where else can you get an hour (or so) entertainment for 42 cents a month? Even double that price is still an insanely low price for such quality content.I'm glad I'm back on board after all these years. Sure I have the Internet for the day 1 reviews of new hardware launches and 10 page articles on tweaks to get 1 FPS more out of Skyrim but truthfully my patience for that type of involvement with my computer has dropped considerably. As I get older, I'm more appreciative of concisely written material that's both entertaining and informative ... and it's dirt cheap to boot.
I have been subscribing to this magazine for about a year now and I totally love all the articles in this magizine.  Think of this as your PC technology monthly update.  I am a Network Administrator for a Fortune 500 company and this magazine is extremely relavent to my desktop duties.
These periodicals keep me up to date on everything from Foreign Affairs to Fashion to IT. I Gotta know whatup.
My husband likes this magaize alot.  It lets him know what is new out there, for when he builds a new pc.
If you are a PC Power user, this mag is for you. Comes with a CD loaded with Demos and Freeware. Real Kick A**! Great product reviews, and honest opinions. You need this magazine!!!
If you want the latest news and tips about computer technology, MaximumPC is the ticket! Highly recommend this for the pc novice looking to gain hardware and software knowledge!
I used to read the PC magazines with their reviews on the latest family software packages and their wishy-washy hardware reviews, but I can't stand them anymore.  MaximumPC is the most concentrated dosage of high-end hardware and app reviews a person can get.  MaxPC is not afraid to tell its readers which hardware and software to absolutely avoid, and I can't stand reading reviews in the other magazines who tell me &quot;this product might work for some users, but is not for everyone.&quot;  Just tell me it's bad if it's bad!Try it.  You'll never go back.Please note:  the one-star reviews listed here had to do with delivery service, not magazine content!  Take it for what it is.
I love this magazine and couldn't see myself not subscribing.  Great deal through Amazon too.  I love Gordan too.  Probably because he's Asian and we Asians have to stick together!
Once I finally got the magazine I was reaaly happy with the information inside. Every page has great information. I would recommend it.  If you do order expect to wait 6 to 8 weeks like they say,,I ordered on May 11 and finally got my first issue July 6.
Maxmimum PC is the best print source to keep up with the latest in PC technology. Pithy, easy to read, and smart...it's your wisecracking know-it-all friend. Sure, he may get on your nerves a little and it sometimes too cute, but you sure want him around when you need to make a buying decision.A fair bit of the emphasis is on games, which makes sense because that's where the bleeding edge of technology is. Even if you're only a sometime gamer, there's plenty here to keep you reading, though. Highly recommended.
I've built a number of PCs, so the basics are of no use to me, but I like articles that don't use too much jargon or writing that is for compsci experts.  This mag is a great fit for me.  The articles are smart and cover topics that I care about.Highly recommended for the PC builder!
I'v been taking this mag since it was called Boot. It still has the best overall info for builders, but they are starting to get a little trendy in their pages.
Been reading this magazine for years and have built 3 computers for myself over the last 5 years using product reviews and advice given by the writers of this magazine. I have found the contributors to be knowledgeable and thorough in their reviews and impartial in their findings. Best PC magazine by far!
I received two issues already as promised in excellent condition so far.  I like the articles.  They are always reviewing the latest greatest electronic products and I like the PC tips.  Good price and came in excellent condition. It's all I ask for.
This is without a doubt my favorite computer-related magazine. While many of the well-known players in this field (especially the ones with "PC" in their name) have dedicated increasing portions of their magazines to business-related topics, Maximum PC has stayed true to the cause of helping the individual home enthusiast or expert get the most from his machine. If you want to read about B2B apps, corporate firewalls, or XML, look elsewhere, but if you want comprehensive reviews of the latest hardware and software written for people who don't need a tutorial to rename a file on their PC or insert a chart into an Excel file, look no further.If you're the sort of person who builds his own machine or is thinking of doing so, Maximum PC will likely prove itself useful to you. Likewise for those planning to do their own hardware upgrades. And if you're like me and just like to stay aware of and knowledgeable about current products and technologies then this is still an excellent and informative read.To be fair, there are a few features that may be displeasing to some readers. The writing is occasionally glib with a tendency towards sophomoric humor. There's also a fair amount of focus on gaming, particularly 3D gaming technology. And the overriding theme of much of the magazine is maximizing the speed, power, and coolness of your machine. To me these aren't negative qualities, but this may not be of interest to some users.All in all this is still my favorite magazine and the one I most look forward to receiving each month. I have no plans to end my subscription.
Regarding PC there is so much info on net but problem is reliability and from where to start because of new generation of pc ,games,LCD era.Things are much changed then days of simple pentium and ATI video card.I did research before i decided to go with Maximum Pc.Other magazines in same categories are full of advertisements and when you have so much advertisement then offcourse reviews become biased favoring sponsors.Maximum PC also have adds but thet are not many and mainly of PC Sellers rather then indiviual products.If you looking to keep yourself updated in "timely manner" with cool gadgets -Highly Recommended.Don`t go for CD version you can download all stuff as links are given within magazine and amazon will give you extra $5 off or some special offer .Look for it before subscribing .
After going through pretty much all the PC type magazines out there I finally found what I consider the best one out there. I still have a PC gamer subscription but I generally skim through all but the few game types I like and the hardware sections. It seems like everything in this magazine is interesting to me every month. I have never found another magazine that I didn't skim through whole sections almost every monthThings you will see in this magazinehardware reviewssoftware reviews (games and productivity stuff)website reviews - It's nice to have a place that finds the cool websites that I just don't have time to find on my own.Scam information - Gives you some things to watch out for.PC build and configuration advice - Lots of articles on stuff like building PC's and fixing up Windows or even Linux.Technology advances - This is where I keep up on upcoming PC advances so I know if it's a good time to upgrade.Overall I just can't say enough about how relevant the information in this magazine is to my interests and a PC Enthusiast
The best magazine available for PC enthusiasts, very good info on overclocking, system optimizing, OS tweaks and excellent hardware and software reviews, I look forward to each issue.
I won't start getting the magazine until April which is a long time from when I ordered it.  But what are you gonna do?  Magazine subscriptions just take a long time.
WTH is going on with not being able to resubscribe? All my mags are on Amazon and this is one of my favorites. It's been dead for months and I keep waiting for it to go live again so I can resubscribe, just to avoid having to go through the publisher directly. This is the best PC magazine available, doesn't bother with fluff pieces, and is for the serious PC'er.
Came as described, within time frame A+ Great magazine with a load of information for computer tech savy people. I love reading this magazine when it comes and it hangs around on my coffee table for a while for further reading.
Simply said, I have never received a magazine so fast after ordering. I will order all my magazines from Amazon in the future.
I've been reading this magazine for years.  They are unbiased as they claim (note the editors themselves have no influence on the advertising put in the magazine).  They manage to be lighthearted and admit to their own mistakes.The articles are informational and suit a wide range of interests.  They do provide some great tutorials on how to install components, clean the PC, use software, etc from time to time.  They review some PC games, but they are definitely not a gamer magazine.I appreciate the low price of the no-CD subscription, as I found myself never using the CD while paying a premium for them.  I don't see a purpose in having the CD unless if you're too lazy to find the free/trial programs and download them yourself.I've subscribed to PCWorld and PCMagazine in the past, and MaximumPC is the best (IMO of course).
Thank god this is not a Ziff Davis publication.  MaxPC will actually tell you if a product is bad. They will print just what they think about something; no sugar coating. I would compare their style to Car and Driver. Technical, but they know how to have a good time.
I love this magazine.  I like the different articles they have and the reviews help guide my purchases.  I purchased my entire computer based upon recommended parts from this magazine last year and it is running great and all my games run at high or ultra.  I highly recommend this magazine for gamers that still like the PC over consoles and other devices!!
If you into gaming, into the latest PC tech info, like reviews of hardware rated 1 thru 10, chomp PC builds, get this rag. @ $12 bucks for 2 years its worth every penny
I've read Maximum PC (MPC) for many years. The articles in it are not too technical and are written with light humor. That makes it very easy to read while at the same time it is imparting in-depth technical know-how.If you are a newbie, in no time you possess expert knowledge of computers and, to an extent, of electronics.If you are already advanced, then you get even more advanced. Period.As an MPC reader you naturally become the PC nerd amongst your friends, family, and coworkers, that everybody keeps coming to for advise and requests for help.For instance at the launch of new operating system, such as with windows 8, and win 7, you'll get mobbed by confused hordes of PC users with a lost sense of direction.You become their sole bastion of hope standing solidly there in the middle, that they can hold on to for guidance.There are also little tid bits of information that can unexpectedly result in huge payoffs. In a little corner in one issue for example, they showed how to insert a check mark in my Utorrent software, that encrypted its outgoing traffic, so that my ISP couldn't invade my privacy anymore, and so had to stop bothering and threatening me about my sharing of copyrighted materials with my friends. That was a relief!I also like the fact that the magazine deals with both computer hardware, and software - though the emphasis is on hardware.There are also letters to the computer doctor who diagnoses and then gives good advice on a range of computer illnesses and hiccups.You also get the latest news taking place in the tech world and on copyright issues.Overall It is a well rounded publication with a little for everyone, young and old, great and small.I have the kindle for Ipad version, and it is the absolute best. Better than the Maximum PC app itself that doesn't really work.
When PC Magazine ceased publication of their paper magazine, I began to look for a replacement, and I found it in this magazine. This magazine covers the latest information in the field of computers and related technology. Some of my favorite sections are:White paper - In this section a technology is explained. For example, in the last issue I read how AES secures your data.Doctor - This section answers user questions. I always seem to find some very useful information here.Features - Presents feature articles on timely subjects.News - Presents the latest news in the field.Reviews - Here the magazine reviews various tech gear and rates them with a rating system from one to ten.Overall, I have been pleased with the coverage of the computer field that this magazine presents.
You can get plenty of information about computers on the internet minutes or hours after it is revealed but theres something about sitting down with a paper magazine to read that makes me enjoy the day I get this is the mail.
Computer magazines tend to fall into two types: the tech nerd hard for most of us to understand kind and the way too simplistic, not enough detail brand. Max PC bridges these genres. It provides useful reviews about salient aspects of the products but avoids the pitfalls of too much geek speak. Plus it has lots of neat web sites - or URL's.
In my opinion Maximum PC is the best PC magazine on the market. They are not sell-outs to their sponsors, unlike PC World and ZDNet in general. Maximum PC is not afraid to critique products that they do not like, so it's rare that products will get perfect 10's. I trust this magazine 100% with my computer hardware upgrades.
This is an excellent magazine! For cutting edge computer products and components,you cant find a better resource than Maximun PC.The one drawback to Maximun PC is that ,often,the products they review are high-end products that are typically priced out of the average readers range.The review are insightful,but the magazine would be alot better if they spent more time detailing products in the mid-price range.Its still a very good resource,and very informative! Definately the best computer magazine I know of.
Maximum PC is an interesting breed of magazine.  Unlike some of the other technology magazines, the guys who write this stuff are actually avid technology fans and they use their overpowered systems exactly as they describe inside.  There is a more personal touch with MPC then with other tech magazines like PC Magazine and PC World.  Sure, there is occasional juvenile humor, but for the demographic they write for (technology hobbyists) this is perfect.  IT people might want to stay away, but anyone who uses their PC for fun as well as work will love MPC's style, no-nonsense reviews and all around great hardware.Also worth noting is that this is by the same company that produces PC Gamer, Mac Addict, PSM and Xbox Magazine.  If you are familiar with any of these magazines then you know what to expect in terms of editorial style.
I've always enjoyed Maximum PC Mag, and the price was unbelievably inexpensive, so I ordered it.I did find out as the issues came that there is no included CD with this subscription. That is not mentioned anywhere in the offer.If you would enjoy the magazine without the disc, then this is a super deal.
I am not a computer whiz, but I enjoy building computers and using them.  This magazine has greatly improved my knowledge in computers, and for that I love it.  It always has interesting Do It Yourself articles, reviews of new computer products, and information on the latest technologies.  This magazine keeps me up to date.  For anyone who expresses an interest in computers, even if they are just novices, this magazine is perfect.
The magazine itself offers a lot of information on different computer components, product reviews, various how-to guides and other helpful information. The CD usually contains a game demo, freeware apps, and sometimes hardware driver updates. Yes, it is slightly biased toward gamers, but is still a very good magazine for non-gamers. I wish I'd read a couple of issues before I bought my PC. I recommend you subscribe elsewhere so you can get the CD with it.
As someone who was building his own computers since the Pentium 1 days (and overclocking them until I saw smoke), I can appreciate this magazine's writting, style, and lack of typical BS. So many times "good companies" seem to get a pass. So few times do people/writers actually understand the hardware better than most enthusasts. I love that they test their motherboards with ALL MEMORY full..... I mean, anyone who would want to read this magazine is aware of these types of issues commonly overlooked on most review sites.Also their podcast, while not very often, is hilarious.Support this print magazine. Releish in their "Builds" and careful consideration of parts. Take heart knowing they will actually say "don't buy this now, wait 2 months since Sandy Bridge is worth it" (as an example).
I have been subscribing to this magazine for the past 5 years and still read it cover to cover every month.  It's a must have for any die-hard computer guy.  You really aren't missing out by not getting the CDs--most of that stuff is availble as free downloads.
I have only been getting this magazine for three months and my computer knowledge has skyrocketed.  Much of the info goes over my head, but after reading the entire magazine, I find myself understanding much of the rest.This is a very thorough magazine covering a plethora of topics from Hardware to Software.  Head-to-head comparisons are very good, although I would like to see a brief summary at the end of every one.
for computer enthusiast, MaxPC is a welcome sight in your mailbox. i can remember for years savorying every page of &quot;boot&quot; (as it was called in beginning) as i was (and still am) obcessed with PC's. Anyone, from advanced users - to beginners looking for knowledge - can profit from every issue of MaxPC. the icing on the cake is the subscription that comes with a CD-ROM as it is packed with demos, utilities, and other useful apps (very helpful for those not blessed with broadband connections). Until I discovered the community of hardware enthusiast web sites, MaxPC, formerly &quot;boot&quot;, was my only really informative source for computing news and articles. To this day, i consider my subscription to it worth more than 10 subscriptions to most other computing mags. I can't wait until they merge with DVD media and maybe end up offering more info on Divx codecs, encoding your own movies, and best bang for the buck audio and video equipment. Try a few issues (with CD)and you may get hooked...
This magazine keep me inform with the new technologies that are in the works, and give me secrets on product that alright out now. This magazine has so much information that it can be use as resource in some cases. Overclocking,Recommendation for best computer parts(such as video cards,soundcard,memory)I recommend this magazine to anybody who plans to be computer professional or not.
It was inexpensive, but now I'm getting it as an e-subscription.  Would have kept it if it had stayed at $5 - hey, can't hope that a good thing will last.  :-)  Overall, great magazine that I've subscribed to for years.
If you like how-to's, reviews that really count, answers to questions, and all that's happening and new in computer land: get this mag!
The place for geeks.  I have subscribed for many years. This is a very well written magazine with much eye appeal. They dummy down some very technical aspects to where even readers like me can understand. That's probably why they are still around when others have dropped away.
The only thing wrong with this mag is:1. Several months ago, they cut down on the amount of content. 2. Also they began putting in reviews on [] like MP3Players. Hard core gamers could care less.3. They do not put as many "tweaking" tips as they did before.Instead, they put long articles on "How a CPU Works".4. They need to get back to basics. HCGs (Hard Core Gamers)want to know little secrets, like:a. How companies like Alienware tweak an OS, BIOS & other"tweakables" to get their PCs to SCREAM.5. They've began taking to much for granted, as far as the know-ledge of their average readers. For instance, they talkabout Raid 0 & Raid +0 and the benifits of running such asetup, but it would be nice if they would devote a section of"step-by-step" instructions on how to do a raid config, withnew HDs and installing a new OS, or if it can be done withyour current OS installed.6. Tweaks, tweaks and more tweaks. Simple (to them) the best wayto configure your cabling with IDE HDs, CD Roms, CD-RW, DVE+RWs, Zip drives, etc.7. How the heck to you get Advanced Power Management to workproperly? I've tried setting it up in the BIOS. If you don'tenable it in BIOS, before loading a "clean install" of yourOS some features are not available, when you try to configureit in Windows. For that matter, every time I try to set it upin Windows, then save the "profile" it tells me "one or moreof the settings are incompatible". I've never been able toget a PC to "hybrinate" or go to sleep, where all the fanspower down. Maybe I'm just dumb.8. THIS IS THE BIGGIE. I've talked to a lot of HCGs, and theyall (well all but one of 23) said they thought the inclusionof a monthly feature for "DUMMIES" would be a good choice.For example: Several people told me that when they run Si-Soft's Sandra, Win98se OS, they get a recommendation to "turnDouble Buffering off". Proble is, they cant find anyplace todo it. They looked in Win.ini, System.ini, Autoexec.bat,even the registry, but no DBLBUFF.SYS (SP?) exists. Theyfinally just remove the file from the "Windows\System"directory & upon re-booting, they get an error that it isn'tloaded because it's missing or corrupt. I could go on and on.9. I would be happy to write the article (for a probationaryperiod, to check reader response, then when Maximum PC getsoverwhelming positive responses and sales increase, we cantalk about some type of compensation that would be fair toall parties.In spite of all the "nit pickin" I listed, Maximum PC is still the most excitingly entertaining PC magazine there is. I get my monthly subscription and it is all I can do to (not drop everything I'm doing) to start reading. I usually save it for bedtime, because (if I've had a bad day) MaxPC immediatly makes everything better. It is definatly a "Kicka__ Magazine.I am curious as to why you don't offer the subscription with the CD. Becuase everyone I know gets the CD. Is it that the price would not be much better than the one offered in the mag?My worst nightmares are, they will discontinue Maxamum PC>
I have been a Maximum PC reader since its beginning and still read it cover to cover. Awesome magazine. Love it
There is always more than a few interesting items within the pages of this magazine.Good reviews of new hardware, and real world tests.
These are something like 8 bucks per issue in stores and about a dollar per if you subscribe. I consider it a must have to keep up with the computer world. I've actually built my own computer from scratch following this mags directions. I did not have it for awhile and made a mistake buying my last computer. After reading it for a couple of issues, I realized I'd have done a couple of things differently that matter to me. I've had the computer for less than 3 months and am already looking at upgrading. If I'd have been more well read at the time I bought the computer, that would not have happened. Their hardware recomendations are worth the price of the magazine.
This is a must-own magazine for anyone who (1) likes to be on the upper end of computing power, (2) frequently upgrades components, or (3) wants to keep abreast of latest computing technology.While you WILL learn from reading this magazine, it gives enough substance without going over-the-top geeky technical. The format is exceptional - perfectly sized articles and plenty of vignettes for the most likely short-attention-span audience it writes to.Maximum PC contains great tips, editorials, watch-outs, tutorials, and equipment reviews. Don't worry about not getting the disk. After buying a few newsstand issues with the disk, I decided that the magazine content was more valuable than the few demos or utilities you may get on the disk.My only complaint: It is too bad that they use a rather in-your-face style with "kick-a**" reviews, frequent talk of downloading porn, and other crudeness. This does nothing to enhance the magazine, and only detracts.
I think this magazine is the best computer magazine around. However, this magazine is more towards the gamers and the extreme PC enthusiasts (like me). I don't know why anybody would want the disk version because it just costs more and there's nothing really good on the disk. As for the magazine it reviews pretty much everything that you would want to know about, even a few things you don't really want to know about. A lot of people get mad at Maximum PC because of the way they put there reviews and everything. Some months it'll be focused on MP3 Players and other months Motherboards or CPU's or something like that. I don't know how many people like this type of magazine, but I sure do. If you have come from PC World or PC Magazine and are looking for a more entertaining magazine this is for you. If you like PC World and PC Magazine and are looking for an addition to these, do not get this magazine unless you are very sure that you are going to like reading about graphics cards and cpus. So all those people that don't like computers, don't like computer gaming upgrade advise, and don't like entertaining magazines stay away from this one and stop spamming amazon with reviews of the magazine that are bias.
I gave Boston Magazine as a gift. The recipient was very pleased and has remarked several times on their delight with receiving a magazine delivered to their home
I always enjoy my Boston Magazines
We live in Michigan and travel to Chicago a few times a year to enjoy a great hotel, great restaurants, shows, museums and shopping.  The Chicago magazine is our &#34;go to&#34; Chicago guide to figure out what to do each time we travel.  It has been invaluable with concerning to finding great (some new some old) restaurants and shows.  For the cost it's a bargain to us!
I find this magazine so interesting!  They test EVERYTHING and rate it, whether it be the best hospital for knee surgery or a toaster.  It's fun to look each copy over to see what you might be thinking about buying or what brand you're thinking of and its advantages or disadvantages.  It's a real help to know what to look for in a product.
I like to read this magazine and  often use  it when buying a product. Perhaps it's the &#34;discussions&#34; about  product features that I really appreciate, rather than the actual &#34;ratings&#34;.  It's nice to have help in knowing what's important (or not important!) when making buying decisions. In recent years they have added more practical tips or information on how to get the most out of what you purchase. It's about the only magazine I buy that I keep around for future reference. The subscription price seem to be pretty uniform and they seldom (never?) seem offer any special pricing. The subscription through Amazon started within a  month and the second months copy came soon afterwards. I think it more than pays for itself in helping to make better purchases.
Always helpful without any ax to grind. The detail of each review gives the reader insight into the products actual  suitability for purpose and their manufacturers corporate bent.
Very good information that I can use.  Especially regarding cars and home appliances. Love the information on safety for baby highchairs.
while I don't agree with some of their opinions 100% of the time, it's the best guide going.especially useful for appliances and big ticket items.
Consumer Reports is the main magazine of the largest and oldest consumer organization in the world.  They have other publications and a great (not free) website.  They don't accept advertising or allow companies to use their reviews to market their products.  It's a great magazine to read for fun, and I wouldn't think of buying anything significant without consulting it, as it educates about features and other issues about products.  They're particularly good on new and used cars, and take one through the whole purchasing process.  One aspect I really enjoy is the amazing charts and tables.  And the inside back cover has hysterically funny and ironic 'mistakes' made in companies' advertisements.  One isn't always going to agree with their reviews -- individuals may value aspects of a product that they consider trivial -- but not reading their reviews to learn about what's out there would be a big mistake.
I have bought this publication for many years and am never disappointed with the content.  I would never buy a product without consulting this organization.
We do like the Consumer Report Magazine. It is accurate, and has a lot of good information in it that we probably wouldn't be able to find elsewhere. It appears to be unbiased. However, we did not know that Amazon (not Consumers Digest) would be renewing this without our permission, from credit card info saved from last year when I originally ordered the subscription! Please don't renew it again without my permission. Barbara
I enjoy Consumer Reports.  The articles are informative and give good information about each product.  The only problem is that not all products in each category are reviewed.
If you are like me you get far too many magazine subscription letters in the mail and in many case months and months before the expiration of the magazine. Plus some want you to sign for automatic renewal and that is when they trap you into a high renewal price in the future. i find entering an order on Amazon the easiest and quickest.
I look forward to it every month and so do folks that visit us.  Very comprehensive, factual and interesting products that are reviewed.