This product never worked -- buttons were defective, it wouldn't stay on, it wouldn't calibrate. The seller - Sky Box USA - wouldn't exchange or refund because I was outside of the "30 day window" (this was a Christmas present, and a very disappointing one at that). You'll want to look elsewhere for technology that should be as reliable as a Casio watch.
Don't count on this compass or you will get lost. It is not the least bit accurate.
Minor changes in the temparature of your windshield are enough to send the compass flying off, usually while driving.  Additionally, it needs to be mounted at least 5 inches from a speaker or it wont work, which in my vehicle is nearly impossible.  Nice idea but not worth the effort...
I was bought this as a present. After spending some time getting it calibrated it worked for about a week, then went off the rails. Now, the odd times when it does actually display something, it doesn't provide any kind of useful information, with the direction displayed being completely inaccurate. DON&quot;T BUY THIS PRODUCT!
This was the first of three different PNI compass models I have bought through Amazon, and I would not recommend any of them.  If they worked right, I would love them.  But all three of them will not stay on.  It says they will stay on unless no change in the magnetic direction is for ten minutes.  This simply is not true as all three of mine that I have bought shut off all the time, even if I just drive around the block all day.
I have never received this item...and I can't find anyone to speak to at amazon about it.PLEASE CONTACT ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The motion sensor wouldn't turn it on.  It does not maintain calibration.  Cold weather numbs it. I'm tossing it out.
ADVICE: DON'T buy this thing!I bought this thing hoping that it would really &quot;navigate&quot;. It is definitely disappoining. I followed the instructions on the manual and calibrated it. It eventually got the right direction after several frustating calibration. The second day, it was totally off (indicating &quot;N&quot; while I was traving south). And now I just cannot get it work -- it is displaying &quot;E&quot; no matter where you are heanding, and no matter how you calibrate it.
The other three reviewers must be driving 1960's trucks or something. On a sedan you'll be *very* hard pressed to find a proper surface to attach this to.Mind you, it only has two degrees of freedom, and in the vertical one it only rotates 180 degrees or so. This is a major problem. Unless you have a vertical windshield, forget about attaching your gps to it. You'd only be able to rotate the gps screen downwards, so you won't be able to read it!The only alternative is to attach it to a horizontal surface. Good luck finding one. Garmin does a good job explaining what NOT to attach it to (air bags etc.), but there's hardly anything suitable left.Also, the sticky base needs a perfectly flat surface to attach to. Hard to find one in a modern car. In my Protege I attached it next to the base of stick. This puts my gps pretty much out of sight. I need look down whenever I get a beep from my 76 to read what turn I need to do next.
The predecessor to this PNI model permanently lost its compass reading every time you went under a freeway overpass, and thus was totally worthless. When the V6000 came out I decided I would try it. At last, the compass function worked just fine at first. The problem was with the outside thermometer. It bobbled all over the place reading 75 degrees one second and 91 degrees the next second. Poor placement you ask? No. I placed the sensor in the same car and exactly in the same place as the old model PNI. The old model PNI thermometer worked perfectly. I tried moving it to different places. No improvement.Then I noticed that although plugged into the cigarette lighter outlet with fresh batteries the V6000 turned itself off and on periodically. A punch on the on button would turn it on again, but is annoying to have to do this frequently. Then the barometer reading started staying on most of the time. You couldn't read the altimeter when this happened. Then, finally, the altimeter went crazy, and ceased working altogether.At this point the V6000 was thrown violently into a trash can. I never learn. I then tried the PNI system with the radar device. The compass wouldn't work no matter where I placed the system. I returned it.In my opinion this company does not make quality products. They are economically priced, but I would be willing to pay more to get something that works. Steer clear of these PNI lemons.
Attractive looking unit, but incredibly unstable readings under most conditions.  Better off buying an inexpensive GPS.  Similiar product sold by Sharper Image and Costco.
Sorry, I ordered the wrong item.  I thought this would fit my Garmin, but unfortunately, it would not, so I returned it.  I can't rate a product that I could not use.
Not impressed with the product.  It does not hold up the Garmin, it falls off the dash board.  I would not reccommend purchasing this product.
The Garmin Bean Bag Mount was not exactly what I expected.  Not sure if I will be able to use it much.
This product was a total waste of money for me.  The pictures do not adequately portray the construction or use for this product.  Don't waste your time or money on this product.
No instructions in the package and took me awhile to figure I needed to buy a Velcro strip to attach to the bottom of my GPS system in order to use it. It still does not work, so I upgraded and purchased a different one which works great!
A velcro strip has to be placed on the bottom of the GPS unit in order to stay upright in the bean bag. Had I known this I would not have purchased it.
When I ordered this item it was for use with the NUVI 360 and it isn't flor that use so I am not utilizing it and I discarded the shipping documents for it
An item that is one hundred percent unadulterated USELESS!  A total waste of money.It is much to small to be of any useful benefit.
This item came up in my search for a different holder for my GPS. This may work with a particular GPS Garmin model but is useless with regular GPS.  I was hoping for a true bean bag, not just flat surface.  Very disappointing
Once you buy this product and get the directions and applications - which aren't mentioned in the brief product description - you find that this was designed for the historic Garmins II and III.  Not designed for anything newer.  Has a handy pouch for storing extra alkaline batteries! Should not be recommended as a product to buy with a modern unit.
It was not clear that this unit needs another part to connect it to the unit.  There is a neck that snaps into the dash mount that is not included.  You cannot use the neck that comes with the garmin unit.  So fat the mount is useless.  i am trying to get a part from Garmin directly.
Not compatible with the Street Pilot c580 although the description recommends it for the GPS. The one that works with the GPS, also sold through Amazon is:Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Nuvi, StreetPilot I Series & C530, C550 (010-10908-00)Sold by: PC Universe
Garmin's web site lists this under accessories for Nuvi, but it WILL NOT WORK without another adapter.  You want their part number 010-10908-00 which works without an adapter.  Amazon's web site is pretty unclear on this also.  Wish I had read the reviews first!
I bought a GPS Street Pilot C340 and a garmin beanbag mount with a handle which does not fit. Now I have to return it but the problem is I want a friction beanbag mount for the dash but all this confusion about buying another parft??? can someone please help and advise the correct mount to buy for my unit. Do I need the beanbag with or without the handle or no handle and buy another part. This is very misleading. I bought mine from Bestbuy and the guy told me it was for all GPS units but clearly it is not as there is no hole in the back of my GPS for it to push through the handle on the beanbag?? So far, much to my surprise the suction mount works perfectly but its a pain having to take it on and off every time you leave the vehicle and in the dark it doersnt clip on very easily. Love the GPS, so far the beanbag is the problem??
Be very careful - this is just the bean bag (for those people who break into your car to steal the bean bag (leaving the mount and GPS unit behind?!?!)If you buy this Amazon will make you pay for shipping it back.Make sure you buy the unit with the mount included!!!!
Lies, Lies, Lies!  When purchasing said mount on Yahoo the description states this mount can be used with the Garmin Nuvi 350!!!!!!!!!  Lies, Lies, Lies!!!!!!!!!!!
Based on the product description and photos, I thought this beanbag would work with the suction cup mount that came with my Garmin GPS.  It does not.  The suction cup mount base is too thick and too big around.  You need to buy the beanbag with the mount, unless you already have a beanbag mount and only need the beanbag.
Do not waste your money on this item - even with the post mount.Mine ended up sliding left and right, back and forth on a clean flat dash.Plus the ball post head I guess was smaller than the original, since the c550 kept going into the down position.  Garmin has been unresponsive to my support/customer service emails.  So far the window suction cup works the best!
The "friction" foam slides after only 6 months. I don't use anything to clean the dash but windex. Poor design.
This product is not compatible with the larger Garmin GPS and was not described correctly.
I ordered the Garmin Beanbag assuming my Garmin NUVI 360 would attach to it. When I received the Beanbag I determined the GPS had no way of attaching the GPS unit. If YOUR COMPANY is going to sell the beanbag you should make everyone aware a "special" device is required. I had to contact Garmin with my problem and they had to research to find which "mount" was required and then they made me give my VISA card number so the could charge me .95 cents for the mount. It took another week to obtain the mount because it was shipped through UPS. All that could have been avoided had you told me initially that I needed a special mount in order to use the beanbag. I wouldn't be apprehensive in the future purchasing from you had you been more alert to my needs with the beanbag and sold me all necessary equipment first time around.
This mount doesn't work with the "C" series of GPS units.  There is provision for changing the mount, but it seems a lot easier to buy the 010-10908-00 the first time.
The product I was shipped is the wrong model and therefore incompatable with my GPS Unit.It took me several days to get through on the phone, only to be told to go to the web site for instructions on how to return the product.I did that, entered the information, and have been waiting for about a week for a reply/authorization.Can you help????
This version does not come with the mounting arm.  You have to buy the version that costs three dollars more to get the mounting arm.  The other complaint I have is that I originally bought the C330 and the tri-pod friction mount.  The C330 crapped out and, as a discontinued item, they replaced it with a Nuvi 260.  The tri-pod friction mount has the capacity to slide in a new arm, but Garmin doesn't make or sell one.  I may try to self fabricate one out of protest that they stranded my investment in what is now a useless  friction mount.Do they even sell the arms for these things separately?
This product was not compatible with my Garmin 350.  They need to specify exactly which models can be used with this mount.
This mount comes with no instructions or parts to attach your Garmin.  I ordered the first one and returned it due to lack of parts.  The second one came without parts as well.  Attempts to reach the Garmin help desk were futile, was always on perma hold.  Would be curious if others have had the same bad experience.
I have the Garmin Nuvi 350 device and ordered this mount thinking it would work with my device based on the Amazon description of the product. The first time I ordered this I received without the arm that attaches to the GPS unit. I returned it and had a replacement shipped. The replacement came with the same problem...only contained the bean bag base portion and again no arm. Apparently, this is for some other unit because it does not work as it is shipped. I will attempt to find this somewhere else. Fool me once...shame on you! Fool me twice...shame on me!
This Item is not described correctly. This ITEM is NOT for Garmin c550 or Any of the C line. I had to returned it at my OWN EXPENSE. AMAZON please correct the description of the ITEM.
Perhaps I'm just mixed up but I read the description to say it fits the StreetPilot so I bought it. But it doesn't. Either that or I'm a total dufus and can't figure it out.If I return it, I pay a 15% restocking fee. That's kind of a bummer. So what we did was modify our c550 suction mount to fit the portable mount. It's not perfect but it works. The suction of the c550 is a joke, even when using with the little stick on disk. It releases itself after a jolt or two. That's why I was so excited to see this portable thingamagig.Now, this thing can move around a bit also. So we put one small velcro circle on our dash (it's black like the dash) and the other side on the bottom of the portable thing. Keeps it from moving.
Amazon advertised it as working with the Garmin Nuvi series.  It doesn't work with all of them....at least not with the 350.  While the seller 17th St. Photo, said that they would exchange it for the appropriate one (for an additional $2.50 or so), I am still negotiating with Amazon to get back the $8.50 in extra shipping I had to pay to send back the wrong one. It has been very frustrating and time-consuming trying to make myself understood while speaking to the representative on the phone, and they still don't have it right.  Yikes!
The title pretty well says it all.  This mount simply will not fit the Garmin Nuvi 200.
This is the beanbag ONLY.  It does not include the necessary mounting arm and is useless without it.  If you just want to replace your beanbag, this is fine.  If you don't already have a mounting arm (your GPS unit does not come with the arm), you need to order the bean bag and arm together (part #10-10908-00).
The 530 and 550 have a round base. This unit has a slot that is oval.
I bought this for my Nuvi 360 and guess what, it doesn't fit. I thought I was safe in choosing this as I went from the accessory links provided on the product description page of Nuvi 360.So, I contacted the Amazon support and here is the lame response I received.------I am glad you thought of contacting us with this question. Howeveras a retailer I am not equipped to answer this question.I apologize but we do not have any specific information than what isprovided in our site.The only information we can give you about a particular item is whatwe display on the detail page for that item.Our Customer Service centers are not in the same location as ourfulfillment centers.  In addition, many of our fulfillment centerprocesses are automated and computerized.For these reasons, we are unable to check the physical details of anitem for you.  Our information is limited to what the publishers andmanufacturers supply to us; this information appears on our Web site.-----To display misleading information and then to shrug all responsibility is not something I expect of Amazon. I am very disappointed.
The product was sent with missing mount, so I can't use this...great job in making a $30.00 paper weight!!!!
The bean bag does not work without the mount that should be packaged with it.  We have a Nuvi 205 the mount that came with this Garmin does not fit onto the bean bag.  Be sure you purchase this item with the mount included, it is worth the few extra dollars.
My problem is with Amazon, not the product, and for the first time, as I purchase from Amazon frequently and always with good results.  I bought the "Garmin Beanbag for Portable Friction Mount for Garmin GPS Units - mount not included" in January for my son't birthday in March.  The description indicates it fits the Garmin nuvi's. I believed it.  The March birthday rolls around - too late for a return now - and I discover it does not fit the mount that came with the Garmin nuvi 255W that he has. It may well be a great product, but we will never know and I am out the amount I paid for it.
Listed as buy with NUVI 680- DON'T TOUCH THIS WITH A NUVI!!!  Amazon was told of this error.  They didn't correct it. Need to get ball joint unit.
Advertising for this product was misleading in thqat it did not clearly say the mount part was not included.  Had to return and order one with the mountn from another source.
Be careful which item you order.  This model does not include the mounting arm, and you cannot buy it separately.  There's another model (10-10908-00) that includes the mounting arm.Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Nuvi, StreetPilot I Series & C530, C550  (010-10908-00)Hopefully this will save you the trouble of returning your order like me!
I bought the mount for my c340 streepilot and it didn't work. Amazon please do something.
Garmin North America Auto Navigation Kit for Garmin Vista C and Legend C (010-10564-00)I returned my friction mount because I did not recieve all the necessary parts to use it.  There was no adaptor to attach the phone to the mount, only the bean bag part arrived.I am certain that I did not recieve what I needed because a friend of mine has the same item.  It was easier to return it than go through the hassle of trying to order the correct part...which is disappointing
This is a replacement part only - it is not the complete friction mount as advertised.  I bought this after its being offered as "better together" with a Nuvi 370 purchased at the same time.  The correct part number is 010-10908-00 and it costs less than $1 more.  Save yourself the double shipping time and order the correct part the first time!
THIS IS A GOOD MOUNT, BUT IT DOES NOT ADAPT TO THE STREET PILOT. i SENT THE FIRST ONE BACK AND THEY SENT ME A REPLACEMENT THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO WORK, BUT IT DID NOT. I AM STILL WAITING ON A CREDIT. MY SON HAS THIS FOR HIS MARINE UNIT AND IT WORKS GREAT
Amazon shows this as an accessory for the Garmin C340.  I bought the C340 and this dash mount relying on Amazon's representations. The mount does not fit the C series gps.  I tried to communicate the problem to Amazon and the third time they acknowledged indicating the proper department would be notified so the misleading representation could be reviewed.  The return was a problem and I had to complain to get the amount of purchase credited.  I'm out $8.00 return shipping plus the runaround, and it's Amazon's fault I got the wrong mount.  Guess what?  The page is still incorrect.  Don't buy this dash mount for the C series, it takes a special mount and you will pay for Amazon's mistake.
This product,The Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Garmin GPS Units (010-10306-00, is only suited for some of the small GPS systems.  It is lacking a part for any of the c5XX series and cannot be used.  Until such time as Amazon carries the other friction base (It comes with the curved arm and ball used to hold the GPS unit) the correct part can be ordered directly from Garmin.  It you intend to use this in more than one car the friction mount gives you an easy way to move the GPS system.
The items arrived quickly, but not as advvertised.  The "bean bag" came with a window mount and not with the mount needed for the bag.  I wrote to the company and they told me that the best I could do is get a refund.
Amazon recommended this mount for the Garmin 680 but it lacks a part to mount the GPS. I found out from Garmin that the mount is only a REPLACEMENT part and you cannot buy the other piece to mount the GPS. Amazon is recommending and selling a mount that does not work due to a missing part which you cannot buy separately. Found out from other reviews that they told Amazon and no results. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!
This product replaces the window mount for using a GPS in a car.  I needed this because the window mount kept falling off.  The description said that it would work with my GPS.  (IQueM5) When it arrived, it was clear that additional parts were needed to make it usable for my GPS and probably for all others.  I contacted the company that sold me the Mount and was told I would have to get the other parts from Garmin.  The Garmin website said that the Mount was only part of what I would need and I should contact the Garmin dealer to get the other parts.  I returned the Mount and got a refund.The design of the mount seems good but don't buy it unless you have the other parts you need to connect your GPS to it.
I was very disappointed that I needed another piece to attach my GPS unit to this device. This piece did not come with the unit nor could I purchase the it from the company. Thus, this product was useless to me and needed to be sent back.
It wasn't clear before the item arrived that it could not directly connect to the Garmin Nuvi. A piece was missing and I have not found anywhere to purchase it separately. Hence, the beanbag is useless.
This was the wrong item, it didn't have the mounting to attach the Navigational system.
Gave this item one star because of the following experience. The product was advertised to fit "Garmin GPS Units". When searching for a beanbag for a specific product (Garmin Nuvi 760), the search engine returned this item. I purchased this item and turned out it was been sold by ANTOnline. When inspecting product, I found that it had the mount and it wasn't removable! Returned product to ANTOnline which they gladdly got back but keeping the $10.95 shipping charges (they actually paid less than that for shipping!). Gave Amazon the OK to refund, however, Amazon did not credit me with the full charge of the product, they kept about 10% of the product total cost. Highway robbery. After many e-mails, never got a full explanation from Amazon as to why they took part of the refung. Will never again purchase anything from either ANTonline or Amazon.com
Still need some other adapter to get it to work.it is worthless to mewhat a rip off
when i bought this it did not say "MOUNT NOT INCLUDED"...like it does now!!!!! but amazon cust service was great and refunded full amount. ordered mount for 17.95 + ship from another company
I have a Garmin Nuvi GPS, and wanted a friction mount to make it easier to move from one car to another. This is NOT a usable part. I had even checked the Garmin site before buying to confirm the part number. After the mount arrived, and it was obvious that nothing in the Nuvi system mounting set would match it. Amazon provided the return authorization and credited my account promptly. I did go back to the Amazon listings before writing this, and found that they now list and stock 010-10908-00 which appears to be the correct part for use with the Nuvi series.
As others have noted (and I wish I read first) this is only the replacement bean bag for the friction mount and not the whole unit.  If you have the windshield mount, that only gives you one of two other pieces you need:  It gives the part that snaps to the unit itself and receives the ball arm, but the windshield ball arm does not fit this beanbag.  You need a separate ball arm piece. So buy the (010-10908-00)that is the whole thing you need (if you already have a dash or windshield mount).So on top of this I called Amazon- said I shouldn't be responsible for return cost if the product literature is in error-- noted that many other had complained as well and were told the literature would be updated........ he said he would send me a return label and when I got it the return reason stated: "I just don't want it anymore" and informed my I would hae return costs deducted from my refund since the "error was not their fault."  Sooooo another hour and 2 phone calls later -- including one return call from a supervisor at 10:40 at night (!)-- they processed my return in a way that I will not be charged.  I know my time and yours is more valuable than this.  I have had nothing but bad experiences with Amazon and its vendors so this is my last purchase.  Good luck.
THIS ITEM IS NOT FOR THE GARMIN NUVI!  ALTHOUGH THE WEBSITE LEADS YOU TO BELIEVE THAT IT'S GOOD FOR ALL GARMINS, THE ONE TO BUY FOR THE NUVI COSTS A MERE $1 MORE, AND INCLUDES THE ACTUAL MOUNT THAT YOU ATTACH THE GPS TO.(entitled Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Garmin Nuvi)THIS ONE IS ONLY THE BEAN BAG; WHAT GOOD IS THAT IF YOU CAN'T ATTACH IT?  LOTS OF CONFUSION HERE, EVEN AMONG THE AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE FOLKS. (YES, I HAD CALLED!) STILL WAITING TO SEE IF THEY CHARGE ME FOR THE RETURN SHIPPING OR NOT.
This unit would have solved an issue for me, but as advertised and received, it did not.  If you want to avoid mounting your garmin to the window, this solution would work if it contained the post that is needed to attach your garmin unit to.Don't buy this item unless it includes the mounting post required to use with your garmin.  I wasn't aware when I bought it, and I had to return for my money back.
Per the illustrations and description, it would seem the mount that comes with the Garmin unit would fit. However, it does not. Evidently it needs a specialized mount to be used as described. Such a mount does not seem to be available. The item description really needs to be clear and state this.
This item is not worth the money spent.  I was looking to replace a manufacturer installed compass when I got a new vehicle-I found the directions difficult and the unit way too sensitive to temperature changes-also the suction cup mount was constantly coming off, requiring recalibration. I don't know about most people, but I can't be bothered removing the unit each time the temperature fluctuates above or below the specs.  Save yourself the aggravation and pay considerably more for a GPS! (Which is what I currently use.)
Awful engineering, doesn't work as promised.  Stay away from the trash made by this company.
This item is a waste of money. You can get the same benifets by reading the elv. signs in the mountains.It will keep a good compas heading but that is all.
Bought this almost 2 years ago and it is still in my car but not for long!  The compass just went out, which was the only thing that worked reliably. Don't let the Temperature, Altimeter, Weather gauge features dazzle you into buying this one.  NONE OF THEM WORKED "ACCURATELY" AS ADVERTISED at the time with exception of the compass.  The notion of constantly having to "adjust" anything is ridiculous especially if the device supposedly was design and engineered for automotive use!  You should be able to set it one time and not have to worry about it unless the device loses power.  If you need a compass then get just that from PNI line of products.  The rest of the features are just a marketing ploy to get you to dish out more money.  This product was really not made for automotive use!
This might be a great gadget.  My husband wanted a compass for the car.  I found this digital one with a lot of added things to it but you have a wire hanging down to your ac adaptor in your car and it's hard to find a place to put it.  It has plungers to attach to the window.  Hard to find a place where it won't block your view.  If you want the outside temp you have to use the plunger on the window.  But if you have to put it where you can reach the buttons to use it.  It also has a wire that somehow goes out of your car and under the hood somewhere to tell you the outside temperature.  It was too much trouble.  So we'll return it.  Nice idea though.  There are some on the market that use batteries.  That's probably a better way to go.
Some of the most important info on this device is too small to read even up close and to take your eyes off the road its bad business then the back ground light went out so I finally gave up on it and bought a Garmin that had more than this in it sorry guys you loose out on this one for me.
As a compass, this unit appears to function properly.  The additional features are a waste of money.  The altimeter must constantly be adjusted (During the course of a drive from to NY to VT, it will be off by several hundred feet).  If the car is turned off, the altimeter must be recalibrated.  The Weather Predictor has always said SUN... never anything else.  I made the mistake of hardwiring the power cable to my 12Volt power port myself (not purchasing the PNI wiring kit).  This voided my warranty, and I could not return the unit.  I wired it 2 months after I bought the unit, the problems were always there.
This compass looks great,but thats about where it ends. I get tried driving around in circles recalibrating the compass. The temperture setting never did work properly.
this does not work with new computersthe box had a date on it from 2007,and it will crash your computer with a blue screen of death,
$52 for a $1 cable and software that should be included with the unit, hard to believe.
This item will not work on computers using Windows Vista 64 bit operating system. I called Garmin to confirm it.  Garmin has no plans to write new software for this item or upgrade the use of it for the older Rino's GPS. If you want to download geocaches, you will have to upgrade to a newer Garmin unit that uses an USB cable and is compatible with a Vista 64 bit system.
I tried everything I could think of and could find on the web to get it working.  I have a HP computer with Vista and it does not have a serial port.  I purchased the product to allow me to download my GPS tracks to the computer.  I went through all the steps that came with the DVD that came with the product.  When that did not work I looked on the web for help.  I downloaded new drivers, but it did not solve the problem.  I returned the product.
I purchased this WHAM mike and a Uniden Oceanus about 18 months ago. The radio works fine but the Wham microphone is worthless. I returned it to the manufacturer and was told it is working to specs. The Mike has a long lag time between the radio and the Mike.This makes it almost impossible to hear a conversation or even have one using the mike.The battery life is very low and will barely run 5 hours at best and often only 2. Many times the Microphone will not link to the radio at all. I have tried numerous locations on the boat for the sending unit to no avail. Uniden has been totally unresponsive to my complaint and I will avoid them in the future. Hope this helps someone avoid my grief....
I bought this to connect my hand held Garmin GPS to my laptop....it does not work!It is now on my Thumbs Down list
When I first heard about this product I was thrilled. The Forerunner promises the ability to help navigate through trails, maintaining accurate distance and speed, but it seems that if I run under 2 trees in a row I lose reception inmediately. I am in the military and I own various GPS systems so I can definetely appreciate the value of these devices.  Unfortunally the Forerunner did not  live up to its promises, and now Ive wasted valuable money on a bad piece of equipment.
I purchased the Garmin Forerunner 201 from Amazon, believing I was buying a reliable piece of gear. It doesn't work properly in any built up area, i.e. city, where most of us live, or areas with too many trees, i.e. where we city dwellers like to go when we leave the city. Basically it leaves stretches of your running route out, but the stop watch carries on ticking. So if you're like me, and take satisfaction in turning out fast-paced runs (or what passes for fast-paced for us amateurs), the 201 will only be a source of frustration. It'll time your run perfectly, just like any stop-watch (duh!), but then leave out some of the distance you ran, so that you get a mile for mile average that yo-yos in a very suspicious way. Particularly when you've put out a steady effort. And it'll miss out bits of your course in different places on a day-by-day basis. You'll find yourself "adapting" the info the device gives you: how's that for precision? The interval training feature is even worst. You dial in some mile repeats, with a timed interval, and set off at full blast. The minutes tick by and the mile never ends! That's when you find that there are gaps in the "mile" you're running, and you're killing yourself when you've actually done the mile, and should be in your rest period. I kid you not, I wouldn't dare sell a GPS device that works 70% of the time and I'm not speaking of heavily built up areas, I run in spaces where the closest buildings are at least 60-90 feet away...But this is not the worst of it. I though I was getting a well made piece of equipment. I live in Brazil, so I bought it off Amazon, and a friend kindly brought it over for me from the US. In less than 1 year, it started turning on/off by itself, in a crazy dysfunctional way, rendering it totally unusable. Currently it doesn't stay on for more than 1 minute at a time. It now runs it's battery flat by itself. Even though I'd been scrupulously careful w/ it, not taking it out in the rain, and drying off the moisture & sweat after every run religiously. Some of you may say I should have used the warranty, but when you have mailing costs Brazil-US, and if the thing's fixed or replaced, 100% customs duty when it gets sent back here, you'd give up, just as I did. I'm not paying twice for a piece of gear that never worked properly in the first place.My conclusion: try some other model, or even brand. I'd not lay my hard-earned cash on this gizmo again.
I received a Forerunner 201 for my birthday in August.  I have used it about a dozen times with worthless results.  It only registered accurately on one run and that was when I altered my course to run in the open (in the hot sun).  It is very easily tripped up by any shade which is where people should be running.  Hopefully, this will improve when the leaves fall.Also, I was disappointed by the computer interface which only works with a COM port.  These have been obsolete for years and an adapter to a USB port is quite pricey.  Garmin shouldn't be selling obsolete technology.  Even my older computer bought four years ago doesn't have a COM port.If you are interested in buying one of these, I would suggest you find somebody in your area who uses one to see if ir works with your local topography.  If you like running in the woods, forget about it.
I can not express how disappointed in the poor design of this item.  To charge the battery was an incredible hassle.  At least Amazon made iteasy to return when we weren't happy.
Don't normally post reviews, but would like to save anyone who purchases this the time/money that I lost out on.  If you live in Chicago area and run along the lake...have fun trying to connect to the GPS satellite.  I purchased the 201 and it NEVER calibrated,finally gave me the message "weak satellite signal".  A friend purchased the 301 and while it did calibrate when in the suburbs, it could not pick up a signal running on the lake as well. After reading others reviews, I don't doubt people have postitive experinces. However we both returned ours.
I purchased the Garmin Forerunner 201 but when I received the watch it would charge so I have not been able to use it and now it is back with the manufacturer.  Garmin warranty is for 1 year so everthing should work out but I have not received it back yet so I do not have too much to say.
I run the same distance every other day on the same trail.  The area is wide open and I get very good signal strength from the GPS unit.  The problem is every day I get a different reading on the distance run from the unit.  The margin of error is as much as 10%.  When I emailed the problem to Garmin I was told this "small" deviation is usual.  I also called and spoke to a representative and I was told that the difference was normal.Understand I'm not a great runner so when I run I try and measure my performance each and every time.  This unit is absolutely not worth the money.  It does act as a great stopwatch though.  However I think I can get a much cheaper stopwatch rather than spending 120+.I would sell the unit on eBay but I don't want to stick someone else with what I believe to be a big purchase mistake.Attached is the response I received from Garmin.  I hope this helps you make your purchase wisely.Thank you for contacting Garmin International.  The unit's accuracy levelcan have a tendency to vary.  Because the read on the satellites changes constantly, it can be typical to see slight variations when reading the same path repeatedly.  It should be close, but most likely won't be exact. You also might want to adjust your Pace Smoothing setting, this function inthe Setup menu is designed to help accuracy by reading your average speed over a period of distance and can help with the accuracy you are seeing when the unit records your workout.  I hope this will help you.
Worked fine, as advertised, for 3 months.  Then it quit cold, dead, no screen response despite thorough charging.  Everything was fine up to the time I tried to get through to Garmin Customer Service.  First I tried their website, left a message asking for a Return Authorization number.  Got no response from that.  Then I called their customer service number (800-800-1020) on a Monday morning and got a message, "Unfortunately due to the high volume of calls the wait time is over 30 minutes and blah blah blah and we're going to hang up on you now call back some other time."  They even had the gall to say, "The best time to call is in the morning."  IT WAS MORNING.The thing says it comes with a 1 year warranty.  Don't believe it.  As far as I'm concerned it has zero warranty.
My Garmin Forerunner lasted one day before it stopped working.  Now I have to go to the post office and pay to have it shipped back to Garmin, and wait to have them either repair or replace it. Next time I need to purchase an electronics item I'll go to a regular store where I can easily and immediately exchange a defective unit.
I live in New York City, and the Forerunner can't find a signal anywhere in the city.  Even in Central Park you get spotty results (around the reservoir it only found a singnal half the time).The device needs a view to the sky in order to operate properly, and with the high buildings in New York, it can't find the statellites.
we have had trouble from the beginning with this product. i got it to train for a marathon and it has not been accurate at all. the distance and pace per mile jumps all over the place from a 6 minute pace to an 11 minute pace when i know this cannot be the case. i am an established runner, the pace differenc is not accurate. i have the original box and need to speak to someone or send it back for a replacement.
I did not notice in the product description that this product interfaces to the SERIAL port on a computer.  Since most new computers use USB for serial interface, the usefulness of this unit is limited.  My two newly purchased HP computers do not have an interface that is compatible with this product.I would not have bought it had I known this.  I have not used the GPS since I bought it.  It will probably be tossed out.The serial cable is hidden behind cardboard in the clamshell package.  So you don't see it prior to opening the package.  Once the package is opened it is a mess that probably cannot be returned.Lastly, this is one of the worst packaging jobs I have seen.  The plastic clamshell is so hard to open that I think the customer is in danger being cut by the opening knife or scissors.  The cut plastic is also dangerous.
How many workouts is one supposed to waste getting this thing to work? I stopped at around a dozen. This GPS is just not ready for primetime; at least not within urban environments ( though one would have thought that nyc's Central Park might have provided sufficient open sitelines it apparently does not.) Wish the product specs did not overhype the product so much.
I bought the Garmin Forerunner 201 thinking that I could use it in the UK . Unfortunately it doesn't work here ... I'm a bit surprised that there wasn't any warning about not being able to work outside the USA.I would like to return it if possible .
I've had one for some 18 months. It has great functions, although I didn't try the Virtual Partner - I don't believe that will work well because it loses GPS signal too often. And I jog in a park! Someone jogging around tall buildings will probably have more trouble. BUT, after some 18 months of not very intensive use (I usually jog outdoors only twice a week, since it rains a lot where I live), the unit went hayware. It started turning itself on and off repeatedly. It started in the middle of a night, waking me up with its beeps and only stopped when it ran its battery out. I emailed Garmin about this - no answer. Then I tried calling then up, but "all our representatives are busy, expect to wait for 15 to 20 minutes" and the international call would fall before that. Disgusted, I threw it away and plan to try some other brand. If you think that something that costs around 150 bucks should last only 18 months, go ahead.
It just doesn't work.  Simple as that.  It loses satellite signal more than 50% of the time.  I tried it in a residential area with a few trees in Los Angeles, and it couldn't keep the signal.  I even tried running down the middle of the street - no overhead trees - and still didn't work.Interestingly, I read all the positive reviews before I bought it here.  Today after I shipped it back to Amazon, I found another page with the same product that has 7 reviews compared to the over 100 here.  Guess what?  The 7 reviews over there are all very negative.  That's my 2 cents  - I really wanted it to work, but it just doesn't.  In my web research it seems like the only alternative is the Timex GPS unit, but that seems to have the same problems.
This watch never seemed to locate its location. Worst of all, after swimming in the pool, water got into it and stopped working for good.  Stay away from it!!
I wish I could return it. was the worest purchase I have made
I would love to HAVE the product so I could write a review. I ordered this item on December 15th of last year, and as yet, all I've gotten from Amazon is form e-mails telling me that there has been a delay in shipping.  If this product is anything like Amazon's service, It's so bad that it causes cancer!
I am very dissatisfied with the Forerunner 201 from Garmin.  Since I turned it on the device never worked the way it supposed to.  I am returning the unit to a representative in Miami to check it, meanwhile, I am very unhappy with the unit especially because I live outside the US and it is very difficult sending back the unit.
I have owned one of these units for several weeks, and have used it about 10 times for determining distances while running. I am very disappointed.It does have a good clock, but the distance measuring function (GPS) and the derived pace information is just not accurate. The accuracy is far worse than the spec.The problem seems to be one of inadequate receiver sensitivity. It gets lost quite easily, and as a consequence tends to read high, indicating that you have travelled farther than you actually have. For example, a run over a 6 mile course measured with a wheel came out to be 6.4 miles on the Forerunner. Not what I should expect. On a clear day on the beach it works sometimes, but under clouds, in the woods, in the city, or in weather, it is quite useless.It also does not work in a crowd of sweaty bodies, as at the starting line of a road race.Save your money.J R Rudert
I am very disappointed Amazon's product service. I just got my Forerunner 201 but it is returned product (it even looks used) and AC desktop charger is missing. I don't think I can trust Amazon anymore.
I ordered it, it arrived, I charged it up, and after it was charged, I took it outside, turned it on and left it in a place with a clear view of the sky.  It's supposed to find the satellites in 15-30 minutes; after 2 hourss, nothing.  The unit had completely locked up; it would not respond to any of the buttons.  It would not turn off, or reset, or do anything.I'm sending it back.
can't you see people, what is staring you inna face?  This garmin thing is like strapping a hershey bar to your wrist.  and as for gps, this really violates the kiss principle.  you're relying on way too many things going smoothly.  isn't this obvious?  go for an inertial monitor like nike or polar.  these work.  garmin... even the name is a big turnoff.  can you imagine wearing running shorts with "garmin" on them?  and what kind of "long battery life" is fifteen hours?Allright, I notice that the pod people are starting to come out of the woodwork to spam this thing of mine with unhelpful votes.  Well I'm not gonna stoop to anything contentious.  All I will say is, take a look at the graphics on this thing.  Take a look at the "virtual partner" guy.  This thing looks like something out of the Berserker arcade video game circa one nine eight two.  This pixellated hunk of computerized rubbish is only fit for robot porn.  The first hideous stirrings of insect lust.update 2:  have you noticed that the positive reviews for this product are from people who either can't spell correctly or seem comfortable overlooking such "tweakable" "quirks" as wildly fluctuating pace information and mileage that is off by half a mile on a short run.  This is the pseudofitness crowd.  The kind of people who are not exact about anything.Update 3: The Nike v10 SDM is a far superior product.  Also, when I strap it on, I am dead sexy.  Women will approach me when they see me training for the Olympic games down at Muscle Beach.  So far I have embraced many American women.
This thing only works on clear days on open roads. If you plan on running on cloudy days or on paths with trees do not bother with this thing. I was very dissapointed.
I was very excited when I first heard of this product.  But after several workouts, I am only frustrated.  The unit loses GPS signal too often, even in moderately open areas.  If you live in the Northwest or workout in an urban area, forget this GPS.  Your distances will never match, your pace is not accurate so why would you use this?  I am very upset that such a product could ever be advertised this way.  I have never been more unsatisified buying a product than I have with the Forerunner.  If you live in a midwest rural area you will probably have no problems, but other than that, just stick with your stopwatch.
This device is not accurate.  If you want inaccurate times and distances, go ahead and buy this.  If you want to try to keep up with how fast you are running a distance, you can not depend on this device.  The first day I used the device I was running on a track so I know exactly how far I went. I ran 3.5 miles.  The device indicated I ran 3.83 miles.  I contacted Garmin and received some suggestions, but it did not get much better.  The device works better running on the road as compared to the track, but on a three to four mile run on the road, it can still be off .1 to .2, maybe more.  This may be the best a GPS can do, but to me, this is not very accurate and does not give one an accurate record of time and distance.  Just my viewpoint.
A word of caution.I bought this product in the US.Only to find out upon received it in Europe that it will not work w/the included power supply.So no option but to buy an extra power converted 220V at $ 30+.Is this what it's called a &quot;personal, portable device&quot;? if it will not work where is needed?Garmin take care of your customers, I for one will not return.
This GPS receiver simply does not work in urban areas. Perhaps Garmin could advise of this matter: this device is ok if you want to run in rural areas... An example: April, 2, Media Marathon of Madrid. Real distance: 21.097 m. Forerunner distance: 17.450 m.
I bought as a birthday present for my husband, product did not hold a charge, you finally sent me a return label, but I have yet to rec a refund, which I was told I would get.I am very unhappy about how amazon has treated this situation.Please refund me as soon as possible!!!
It doesn't work!It is very easily tripped up by any shade! Even in the Stadium it works rather bad! The Real Distance was 1000m, the forerunner calculatet 1190m!
The Garmin Forerunner 201 will lose the LOS (line of sight) GPS signal about 20-30% on a good day and about 70-80% on a bad day. It takes a while to initially find the GPS signal, and loses it often. Yesterday on a 2.5 mile run, it was inaccurate by about a half mile. I have the forerunner correctly setup, and I also have a degree in computer science, but I am convinced that the product simply does not work as advertised. This is a nice toy, but as a serious training aid it is worthless.
I went through three of these units--one was replaced after about 3 hours on the phone with technical assistance. That one broke shortly after warantee. On a Sunday day condensation appeared beneath the screen and hours later the screen went dead.  The new one suffered the the same fate after a rainy day. They're supposed to be waterproof to 10m.  A third was gifted to me and now that I'm two months past warantee it won't charge.  In all don't bother.
In spite of the reviews stating that the Forerunner has trouble with trees, clouds and tall buildings, I took a chance and bought it. I wanted the freedom to run where I wanted to run instead of having to stay on one of my many premeasured courses.  The Forerunner enticed me with the lure of freedom to run in an unconstrained way, to be a kid again.  At my age, it was a powerful and compelling message.Unfortunately, it was also a lie.  After 3 attempts to get this trinket to acquire and  hold a signal I gave up.  My  north suburban Houston neighborhood has a good number of trees and we have our share of cloudy days, but it's not as if I am trail running through a national forest.I'm a serious runner training to qualify for Boston and New York, so pace is important to me.  In spite of all the warnings, I  wasted three days playing around with the Forerunner instead of just getting down to work and grinding out my miles.  My mistake, but it doesn't have to be yours.Count me among the disappointed. I had high hopes for this product.  Garmin assured me that it would work. It didn't.  It's a great concept but it's not ready for prime time, at least not in my neck of the woods.
This damn thing just quit working in the middle of my runs.  Very frustrating.  Just outside the 1 year warranty period the damn thing just stopped working, or rather it worked but then would just quit at random intervals during my training runs.  For a runner it was not worth the hassle.
I have had the device for about seven months and I have used in about 12 runs. For all of them I got pretty inaccurate results (at least 10% off for long runs, and wildly off for short ones).  Now why have I used it only 12 times in six months? Well, rather than giving up, I sent it back to repair now twice. Garmin certainly takes its time sending it back to me. I sent it last about two months ago, and I haven't got the unit back yet. If you want to talk at anyone at Garmin, good luck! Whenever I tried to call technical service, they announced that I would have to wait for at least twenty minutes on the line.Just as a comparison, my $25 pedometer has been more accurate in every single run.
UPDATED SEE BELOW:This was a useful device but it broke within 3 months of my purchase.After 3 months the forerunner stopped working all together.  Reset, upgrade firmware, and other suggested fixes do nothing.I have emailed Garmin hoping for support, more than 2 weeks have passed with nary a response.Beware there seem to be a lot of faulty/poorly constructed units out there.  Going back to my timex GPS watch for now.UPDATE: Garmin contacted me and eventually replaced the unit.  The replacement has worked well for many hours of running.  I would now give the unit 5 stars.  It is great to have all of the data from all of my runs.  Plotting it on google maps is a neat feature.
I use all sorts of GPS's with my software, and I've had all sorts of issues with most of them. This one, however, takes the cake.Like all Garmin devices, Garmin doesn't supply driver software that actually works with anything but Garmin apps. I have no idea why Garmin keeps doing that. Garmin, you suck for that. But I digress. Back to the GPS-18...I use Franson GPSGate with my Garmin GPS's and that gets the translation job done, and most Garmin GPS's work great in that environment. But this little hockey puck just craps out after a short amount of time. Oh, and the Garmin part of the driver equation throws timeout errors all over the place for no good reason (it appears it doesn't honor any Read Timeout setting and/or is getting some other error and throwing it as a Timeout exception or something)Anyways, don't bother. As much as the Prolific chipset has issues (and hoo-boy, does it ever - suckiest drivers in the history of sucky drivers), I'd go with a Global-Sat USB GPS instead. (There are tradeoffs there, too. The S3 is a great little WAAS GPS, but the drivers don't work on Win8. The S4 doesn't appear to be as accurate, but the chipset and drivers appear to be rock solid on all platforms...decisions, decisions).Or, if you can, do Bluetooth in your app or device, grab Global-Sat's little Bluetooth unit (the 368i) - it seems to just rock in all my testing so far.
I spent a lot of time looking for a Bluetooth GPS unit for my T3 and ultimately settled on the TomTom.  The software took days of troubleshooting to install - not intuitive at all and constantly freezes the palm; actually had to go through several hard resets of the handheld!  I finally got everything in order and took my GPS for a test drive - it would not acquire a satellite signal.  After 2 hours of driving with it i called PalmOne (from whom i bought the device) - they refused to assist and referred me to Tom Tom.  Tom Tom tech support was unable to help and sent me to Palm... So i sent the device back, and decided to buy the Navman 4460.  It was a breeze to install and within 30 seconds acquired a satellite signal.  What a difference!
I bought this Rikaline GPS 6010 a month ago. I tried to make it work for hundreds times, but it only worked once. Evertime when I turned on the GPS, it was always telling me it was initializing and then it just stopped working.I hate this thing because it embarrassed me before my friends.
This gps receiver is horrible. It did not pick up any signals after driving around with it for 20 minutes with it on the roof of my car. I suggest not wasting your money.
The topo maps are fine on this product, but for hiking I wouldn't bother - there are no trails.  I searched around Jasper National Park and Cape Breton in Nova Scotia, and couldn't find *any* trails in this map set at any level of zoom or detail.  If you're used to the US Topo maps by Garmin, you'll be disappointed.  The disks I received from Amazon said "Version 2.0", which were ordered in August, 2007.
I shopped for a new Magellan GPS on their website and found one.  Under accessories was listed this Gilsson universal amplified antenna.  My new GPS was listed as working with antenna.It does not work with the 9055 Magellan GPS, and possibly a few other Magellan units.  THE MAGELLAN WEBSITE IS WRONG IN IT'S APPLICATION LIST.  CALL GILSSON BEFORE BUYING TO CONFIRM THE APPLICATION.Anyway, as usual, Amazon was the cheapest for the GPS and the antenna.  I have returned the antenna to Amazon for a refund.I cannot truly state that the antenna is defective in any way because it will not fit my GPS.
This is the type of case Garmin should have made for their units, and if they did I suspect it would be well made.  Unfortunately the Gilsson case is quite poorly made.  After 5 months of moderate use the stitching holding the screen window started to come apart.  Gilsson said this was normal wear and tear and would not honor their warranty (and didn't bother to send the case back to me).  Also the hole around the click stick was starting to tear and the velcro loop was starting to get warn.
The case is too small for the Garmin Vista Hcx.  The case fits so tightly over the unit that it causes buttons to activate without being pressed.  Additionally, the window does not align well with the Vista Hcx window.
I tried getting this cover on my unit Vista HCx three times...it took that many attempts to get the buttons and windows even close to lining up.  The lowest button on the left side doesn't even show up in the window.  When trying to get the unit out of the cover, I noticed the stick was being pulled way out of its socket, certainly leading to a button failure in the near future.  I won't put this thing on my unit again.  I won't even try it in the field.
Protect the GPS but will get in the way. The Carrying Case will move around making it difficult to access the button on the GPS. TRULY NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM.
I bought a fore runner 201 for my wife.  It takes over 20 minutes sometimes to lock on satilites.  My wife sets it on the car outside to get good satilite coverage. Then goes inside to strech out & half the time she leaves it because it is use less if not locked in. I sent it in to garmin They sent it back saying that it worked & that was normal. They failed big on this one DO NOT BUY YOU WILL BE SORRY!!!!  GARMIN IS VERY ARRIGANT IN CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Hold on for a little more longer in 2 years there will be way better products out there.  I was going to put them on you tube with there junk product.  Again don't buy & if you do make sure you test it right away so you can return it in time & get your money back.
The concept of the Garmin 301 is a slam-dunk. This is the setup everyone should want. To have the accuracy of a GPS with a host of computing power, and a good hart rate monitor. This configuration could provide everything folks could want with just two components. Unfortunately that's all the good news that their is. The fact is that the Garmin 301 does not work. I think Garmin has tried too hard to cost reduce the product and as a result nothing works very well and some things do not work at all. The hart rate monitor sometimes works and other times not at all or read rates that are way off. I found out from a tech. at Garmin that Garmin does not even make the hart rate monitor. They get an inexpensive one made for them by an over seas company. The GPS is so poor that I did not know anyone even makes one that is so inaccurate. I have a 5 year old hand held Garmin GPS that works much better then the new one in the 301! The software that comes with the unit is so lame that you can not even print your workout graph. The fact is that if you purchase this package you will get something that will not provide useful data. After getting my unit and seeing how bad the data was I started looking around in the forms on the web and sure enough I found lots and lots of people finding the same thing. Do not take my word for it, check around on the web yourself.Good idea but very poor implementation.Oh well.
I had trouble charging the unit from the start with the AC adapter.  I got it to charge twice through the computer.  Now it won't charge at all.  The two times I did get to use it were very cool.  It showed pace and mileage and when downloaded to the computer showed the route I ran.  But I cannot get the unit to turn on or charge again.  I'm very disappointed.
Two major problems with the Forerunner 301, which I notice have been mentioned several times in other reviews: 1) Poor GPS reception, and 2) Unreliable Heart Rate Monitor.I bought the 301 primarily for distance running, with a secondary use as a hiking companion.  As a hiking GPS it's of little value, which was expected.  I had thought that at the very least it would display lat/long coordinates, but in fact it doesn't do that unless you enter a waypoint.  Almost useless for navigation.  However, the 301 was designed to be a training aid, but it fails at that, too...1) One major asset of having a GPS for training is that you can measure your distance traveled over any course.  If I decide in the middle of a long run to take a spontaneous detour, I don't have to go out later using the car's odometer to measure how many miles I added.  This feature works OK, but the 301 frequently loses satellite lock.  It regains the lock within a minute or so, which usually isn't a problem unless you're running some winding trails.This biggest problem with the frequent loss of satellite lock is with the pace calculation.  I was really looking forward to knowing my running pace at any point during a run (it even displays pace in minutes/mile) but this calculation uses a rolling average.  Whenever the 301 loses a lock, your pace begins to slow down (since your distance traveled remains the same) until suddenly it regains lock and the pace shoots up.  As a result, whenever I look at the pace I can never be certain that I am actually running that pace!  A great feature rendered useless by the high frequency of losing satellite locks.2) The heart rate monitor (HRM) never worked.  I tried everything  - replaced the battery, wet the electrodes, wore it on my chest, wore it on my back, both running hard and standing still, and NEVER ever got the 301 to communicate with the HRM.  Is it too much to ask of Garmin to test their products before shipping them out?  I was extremely disappointed.Ultimately I returned my Forerunner 301 to Amazon for a full refund.  If I can't make use of the pace calculation and can't depend on the HRM, then I may as well buy a cheap ol' GPS for measuring distance and hiking, and do the pacing math in my head.  Hopefully their new Forerunner 205/305 can improve on these failings, but I'm not going to buy one anytime soon.
I'm an avid cyclist who loves gadgets.  I purchased the Forerunner 301 several months ago and overall I'm disappointed.  The Forerunner 301 is not particularly good at any of its tasks.  As a GPS it frequently looses its signal.  This may seem tolerable but if like me you like to keep records of your cycling performance (ie average speed, top speed, distance, etc) the 301 is mostly useless.  The signal drops will result in loss of top speeds and very erratic high speeds when you are standing still.  Mine has recorded speeds as high as 60 mph. The graphs indicate that I achieved this speed vertically while waiting for a traffic light.  To be fair, I tend to ride roads that often have a lot of tree cover but comparatively my Magellan Gold GPS generally will keep its signal much more solidly than the 301.  As a heart rate monitor... well read the other reviews - it too can be very erratic at times.  And last but not least - the software.  Garmin's Training Center software is woefully inadequate.  As a result I signed up for the MotionBased subscription service.  The folks at MotionBased are I believe truly dedicated to trying to provide a quality service.  It just isn't there yet.  Further, why do I want to upload my result sets to an internet based subscription service for analysis?  I'd rather purchase PC software that runs on my local PC and avoid the common upload and connectivity issues associated with MotionBased or any other WEB based service.  If you are looking for a great tool for recording and analyzing your cycling performance then buy a Polar.  I  own a Polar S720i and a Polar 725. Both have performed extremely well.  Polar's software, while not perfect, is light years ahead of Garmin's Training Center and well ahead of MotionBased.  So in short my recommendation is buy a Polar S725 for cycling and heartrate analysis.  For GPS capability, take a look at the Garmin eTrex series or the Magellan Meridian series.
As received, the unit would not connect with my PC until I downloaded a bunch of updates to the software off of the Garmin website. Finally, after all the initail problems, I used it for two sessions before the Garmin 301 would not upload the data to my PC. After trying everything that I could think of, wasting several days........I contacted Garmin via E-mail, (because the phones are always impossible)Garmin E-mailed me to return it to where I bought it. Amazon was great, and paid the postage for return and immediately sent a replacement (at no cost via UPS).The new replacement was set up, (after all the software updates)and it worked for exactly two sessions before the same problem reoccurred. I didn't waste any time and sent it right back to Amazon.Amazon admitted that all the unit were N.G. and that there were none left in stock to replace it.After about three weeks and ten E-mail inquiries, I was finally credited with a full refund. The Garmin 301 is a piece of junk as far as I am concerned. The concept is great but the items are seriously flawed and unusable. Two junked, out of two after two days use.I have now purchased a Garmin 305, and have used it for two days and it is still working. So far so good.I bought the new Garmin 305 from a dealer other than Amazon, because the price was about $100 less. Don't waste your time on Amazon's Garmin 301.
From the day one, heart rate monitor showed erratic number or won't show any number at all.  Sent back twice, each time unit passed their test.  I've tried everything from placement of chest strap to using gel on the sensor to no avail.  Last 2 years heart rate monitor works only 1/3 of the time.  I gave up.  But it's a good concept if they can make it work right.  Apparently this is a common problem by looking at the internet blogs/entries.  I'd imagine newer Forerunners solved this problem?  Be prepare to return the merchandise, but perhaps, it'll work for you?
Features aside, when all is said and done the performance of the GPS makes or breaks this device.  This GPS works poorly.  Mine is slow to acquire the satellites and loses them easily, resulting in inaccurate measurements.  After a run this morning, my 301 indicated 8.5 miles while a friend's 305 showed 9.37.  One might expect the GPS to drop out under a tree canopy (and this one certainly does) but it also drops out on city sidewalks and even in the shadow of a gymnasium alongside a high school running track.I wish I had not bought the Forerunner 301.
I was really excited to get this product as I was hoping to train for a triathlon and was pumped that it included a bike setting.  I had a forerunner 201 before which I loved.  However, I really dislike this model and I felt I needed to warn anyone looking to buy this model.  The satellite is CRAP.  I can run the same route 4 different times and get 4 different distances.  The satellite goes out - it doesn't matter if I am in the city, on a trail, or just main roads in the suburbs.  I have found when I have run races and brought my garmin the mileage is WAY OFF - I'm talking 3.7 according to Garmin for a 5.1.  Understandably it has a lot of great features, but not worth the price if it can't do the simple things it advertises.  Buyer beware!
This is a great product in just about every regard. I use it for biking and when I'm on the road I absolutely love it. I then come home and upload my ride into Sports Tracks and it's great.But... when you first start out (or after a long break), it will take anywhere from 5 to 15 (yes, 15!) minutes to sync with the satellites. This unfortunately makes the 301 frustrating and often useless.When I'm riding to work I don't want to wait for this stupid thing to sync. When I'm on a long weekend ride my buddies don't want to sit around waiting either. This just makes the thing useless. I am now shopping for another GPS system that doesn't have this problem.
This unit seemed to work OK for 6 months, then became very unreliable.When resetting the data the distance would inexplicably jump ahead, thus rendering all data inaccurate. Customer support was not helpful, so I would recommend trying another brand and model.
I bought it in dec 2005 for Xmas. I have been using it 3 to 4 times a week when paddling, ie 6 to 10 hours a week.It takes forever to acquire sattelites, whatever the weather is... The heart rate displayed is sometimes fuzzy.I never managed to use the trainig center software. It just doesn't detect the gps unit when it is plugged to the computer. I tried to install this software on 3 different PCs : one with Win98SE, the second with WinXPFamilySP2 and the other with WinXPProSP2. I installed the usb gps drivers updates, the new version of the Trainig Center and i even updated the unit sofware... When I mailed to Garmin to ask for help and/or info the only answer i got was "make sure the unit is connected to the computer when you run the software" !!! Do they really think their consumers are so stupid ?Today, my forerunner301, just six month old, is not working at all. Impossible to switch it on, and when i plug it to its charger, i don't get any message on the screen.I am very disapointed. Hope the 1 year warranty is not a lie...I sent an email to garmin, they answered me very kindly. All I had to do was to send the device with 25$, then they sent me a new unit. This new gps acquire sattelites faster than the precedent and the heart rate values are more accurate.Thank you Ms Sharon Tang (Garmin Taiwan)
Only time I used it for exercise, it registered my resting pulse at 202.  I could not get it to function, although it did well when I was at rest.  I returned it.  Hopefully the next generation of these will function better.
Bought my Forerunner 301 a few weeks ago and log about 10 or so miles per week. Coming back from my run tonight display froze up and would not function. Unit was able to turn off but would not turn back on. Connected to the computer and it would not recognize it. Hooked it up to the power supply and still nothing. Sent an e-mail to Garmin support and will wait on their reply. If they say to send in the whole thing for repairs only three weeks after using it, I am going to return the product.On another note the heart rate readings tend to be off, as high as 212 in the first 5 minutes of a run. Before you buy, read the one star reviews. It seems that the Garmin has had this problem in the past with the 301. It is a great GPS tracker, but seems to be a lousy heart rate monitor.
I liked the idea of the Forerunner because I am training for a marathon and wanted the combination of accurate distance, pace, and heart rate in order to plot my progress. Unfortunately I never once, in a two week span, got an accurate measurement of distance. Any time I went under trees or on trails I lost the signal. Additionally the heart rate monitor did not register accurately, with frequent spikes above or below my typical heart rate. I returned this and got the Polar S625X instead.
I got very disappointed with my Garmin 301. Although all of the features described (gps, heart rate monitor, etc) are amazing, I found the product so fragile!At the second time I was using my Garmin 301 (before that, I had used it only in the Buenos Aires marathon), its band just got broken!I was warming up when I suddenly saw it on the street! I'm completely sure that I didn't get any shock on it. The pins that kept the band tight to my Garmin just got broken!I couldn't believe. How is it possible, for a product designed for sports that involve **impact** to be so fragile?I was running one of the most important Brazilian races (Volta da Pampulha, 18 KM), and it was very frustrating for me not having my Garmin working as expected!I had to keep my Garmin into my short; for such reason, I was not able to monitor my running data so quick.This problem seems to be easy to resolve; however, I don't feel comfortable about running with my Garmin anymore: I can just lose an expensive product due to its fragile watch band.
The manual says THIS PRODUCT, ITS PACKAGING AND ITS COMPONENTS CONTAIN ONE OR MORE CHEMICALS KNOWN TO THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA TO CAUSE CANCER, BIRTH DEFECTS OR REPRODUCTIVE HARM.Garmin fails to advertise this on their website.  You gotta buy this product to find out afterwards.
I ordered this radio and when it arrived there was no free MB69 Flush Mount Kit and there was no 'offer' for one.  Boatersworld/eAngler said they new nothing about the free MB69 offer.  Of course after three days the listing is still here.  I'm sending mine back - what a waste of time!
I purchased my Midland radio from Boater's World. In 6 months the radio stopped working. It was send back for repair and I was told it was a bad connection, and the radio was returned, with the viewing crystal broken... useless. After 6 months of chasing Midland they sent me a new control head (front of the radio) and I was again pleased, problems happen and despite the long delay they company stood behind the product. Dissatisfying but acceptable. 6 months later the new radio 'lost its mind' and is now garbage.I would not buy a Midland Radio product on a bet! Bad workmanship, bad customer service = a waste of your money.Try another brand.
My email to Magellan describing my experience with the eXplorist 600 and Technical Support:I just received an Explorist 600 as a gift last week.  I like it, but I've had many problems so far.  At this time, it is useless.1.  I tried to save a region from Mapsend Topo 3D.  It asked me for my eXplorist serial #, which is 13 digits.  But it only allowed me to enter 11 digits.  The file was stored to my hard drive.  Magallen Conversion Manager didn't see it, but it was there.  So I transferred it using Windows.  Then I got a brief message on my eXplorist screen telling me I had an invalid file on it, with some kind of count down.  I hit enter and the screen said "Checking Media".  It stayed like that indefinetly.  All buttons were non-functioning.  I had to remove the battery to power it off.  Whenever I turn it on, I get the same error and have to remove the battery.2.  I called your Technical support.  All operators were busy.  I hit "1" to hear the answers to frequently asked questions.  The choices were:  "How water proof is it", and "Why is the time off by an hour".  Thats it.  Two FAQs?  I hit "2" to be called back and entered my phone number.  About a minute later my phone rang and I answered before the 2nd ring.  A familiar sounding recorded voice said, "It looks like no one's home.  Hang up and call the next number in the que."  But there was no one there, just me.  Now when I call back, I get a sort of busy signal.I got this thing to use on a trip to Utah.  I leave tomarrow night.  Is there any chance we can get this thing working before I go, or have we wasted $500?Since calling back, leaving another message, and sending another email, #2 has repeated itself twice.If you want to pay $350 for something that does nothing more than display "Checking Media", buy this, or better yet, buy mine.
Satellite search takes up to five times longer than Navman.  Controls don't work very well.  The unit frequently freezes.  Software is very dated (reminiscent of DOS).  Map sizes are tiny.  Screen clarity is very poor.  Software prices are uncompetitive.  If you connect a number of other devices to your computer, then you won't be able to connect the explorist without a significant workaround (if you can obtain support before you lose interest). The only thing going for this unit is that it has limited waterproofing
Let me share my NEW Experience. Software on this product is horible. It takes 4 hours to convert then download about 10 states worth of info. I have a 3.2 Pentium computer that is very fast. So forget the claims of High Speed. The complication of downloading maps into your GPS is insane. The owners manual is clueless. I had to call tech support just to decifer the poorly written owners manual, and word docs. If you follow it word for word you will get no where. They have 20 buttons to choose from to do one thing but unless tech support walks you through it you will never know what order or sequence to pursue. After 2 1/2 hours of being on hold finally someone answered just to tell me I need to speak to someone in customer support, and that someone will need to call you back. Tech support did return my phone call the same day. I've yet to use the product in real world because of all the time you must spend just setting this up. The temperture gauge is off by 10 degrees. None of the extra's I paid for seem to work. The connection via USB cable is very poorly designed and will not hold up very long. To say this product is rediculous is understated. If you don't mind spending about 30 hours to fill your 1 gig SD card with maps or mind holding for 3 hours for techinal support, or have physic abilites then you might want this.
After three months of using this unit my frustration has caused me to buy another unit. Very little about this unit is functional or intuative. Downloading maps from a computer has resulted in the unit permenantly freezing up. The temp gauge is totally inaccurate, the altitude is rarely correct and the unit takes up to 15 minutes to lock in on the satellites. I have kept the unit and will carry it with me in case I encounter a bear....in which case I will throw it at him, with little regret of lossing something valuable.
husband bought this & it didn't work!!! had a nice band though that I was able to use for another gps.  it was large & odd shaped.
I think that the person selling these Electric Chariot Transporters is a bit of a con. Yesterday they were advertised for $429.00 Now they are $699
This item has 4 wheels, not 2.  This means no gyros, no leaning, no self-balancing, none of the breakthrough engineering that makes the Segway the way of the future.How they can list this as "segway style" is beyond me.  If that is accurate than my car is Ferrari style in that it has a steering wheel, my wife is Pamela Anderson style in that she has two legs and some eyelashes and my cat is puma style in that he has some whiskers.  In short, the comparison is misleading and dishonest (sorry, honey).
This is a knock-off of a knock-off.  That's got to be a bad sign.  A company called Rad2Go makes a knock-off of the Segway HT called the Rad2Go Q Electric Chariot. I saw it on urbanscooters.com and hear it's pretty good.  This thing is a knock off of the Q.
Like other reviewers I've had 2 units as a result of warranty returns.  The units work for a while and then the Bluetooth begins to fail to connect on power up.  If you have multiple bluetooth receivers it will fail with all of them.  The built-in diagnostic light for Bluetooth is simply inaccurate.
I am an Air Force trained techie and have been for over 15 years.  I have a lot of experience with computers and electronics.  After a lot of research I went with the Hollux GPSlim236.  Initially I was very pleased with the device until it started having problems.At first it would never lock on with the satellites. (Yellow light stayed on) I found out the unit went into SIRF protocol mode.  I had to find a program called SIRF demo to get it out of SIRF protocol and placed it into the usable protocol of NMEA.Next the device started having problems with with the Blue tooth connection. (the blue light would never turn on).  I would have to turn the device on and off about 50 times before the magic blue light would turn on, and then sometimes it would only turn on constant and not blink.  I could bypass about 40 times turning it on and off by bouncing the device off my steering wheel.  This is a ridiculous thing to have to do to get it to work.  I emailed tech support and tried to call them all to no response.  Now it is the most finicky device I have ever had.  I am often tempted to throw this piece of junk out the window and be done with it.I must strongly recommend you stay away from this device and probably Hollux all together.  Now I will have to buy another GPS.
I've had this gps receiver for over two years. It worked well for about a year. Now the bluetooth transmitter in it doesn't work, and I cannot connect or pair any of my devices with it.The bluetooth blue LED doesn't light up, or stays continuously on, instead of flashing intermittently as it's supposed to. If I restart the unit several times, I can sometimes get it to work.Additionaly, the battery is sensitive to heat. I left it on the dash for a couple of days once, and the battery swelled up, and I could not close the battery lid since.I'm definitely not buying this unit again.
This item works great when it works.  I purchase this item and the Bluetooth transmitted ceased functioning in less than 30 days.  The company which I purchased it from replaced the unit and the new one stoppped functioning fot he same reason about 90 days later.  Akronics, the vendor, will not even answer emails.  Holux, who has a 0ne year warranty on these devices, does not respond to emails to its service center.  From what I have been able to find out is that the Bluetooth problem is a common occurance and the unit is temperature sensative.  This is odd in that it is a mobile unit intended for the car and dashboard positioning.  So if you want to throw away your money buy Holux or learn from my mistake.
Bluetooth stopped working shortly after purchasing. Holux's website is down and there is no way to contact them. You would be throwing your money away purchasing this device, find an alternative.
solo eso NO SIRVIO, lo recibi muy feliz lo9 encendi y la luz azul indicadora del BT no encendio, mi palm zire 72 como es obvio no lo reconocio. La luz naranja de los satelites si encendio sin ningun problema. Recargue la pila, prenda apague y nada de nada, el BT sin servir. Como soy terco le segui insistiendo hasta que una lucecita azul y listo la palm lo reconocio(ya era mas de media noche llevaba mas de un par de horas encienda apague y consulte en los foros de gps y palms.La dicha no duro mas de 2 minutos, se apago y no encendio mas.  en dias posteriores y consultando en los foros probe cuanto remedio me daban y al fin parecio que encontre el problema y la solucion tambien, era una falla de contacto de la pila la cual se soluciona con un papelito y tambien que la pila exige estar a full carga para funcionar. probe me trasnoche de nuevo y listo problema solucionado cogia satelites el Bt funcionando la palm la reconocio y ya me mostro posicion velocidad y etc.Listo para viajar de uan ciudad a otra, y aqui vino la decepcion total, trabajo 15 minutos bien y adios el BT. no trabajo m,as prenda apague y nada entonces tambien se apago la luz de satelites(la naranja).  Decepcion total.No Fue Posible Que Volviera A Funcionar Asi Que No Lo Recomiendo(en los foros esta la misma queja y es muy recurrente)
Doesn't work with TomTom Navigator 5 for PalmOS, the status always shows the dreaded "No GPS device!", even though the BT status light clearly shows connection, and the GPS status light shows GPS service is available. It's not my PDA's problem because the problem persists on my friend's PDA as well, while his DeLormie unit works fine on both.The manual is written with horrible English, and Holux doesn't offer technical support. It is a piece of junk.
Got one, Bluetooth didn't work unless unit was &lt;70 deg. F.Cheaply made; Holux has NO customer support - they just told me to contact the dealer, not even an apology. Check other online support forums -- the Bluetooth defect seems quite common. Instructions even state that unit won't work if it gets too warm.USB plug on unit is actually a serial port, so can't use it as a GPS mouse unless you buy the special Holux cable.Bottom line: when you're on unfamilar ground, who needs an unreliable GPS unit?
I have had this unit for a few years now and at first it was great, then the bluetooth started to go on the fritz. Some days it would work others it would not, sometimes I could coax it to work by turning it on and off several times. Now the bluetooth has quit completely. I would not recomend buying this product.
Very Flaky with bluetooth after few days, no support phone #, don't waste your $$$.
Such a promising device.  Worked great with Google Maps on my Blackberry right until the Bluetooth stopped working.  Many people seem to have this problem and Holux support is non existent.
I bought this device and it worked great for about 60 days.  It would connect to the satellites quickly and held a long charge.  After the first 60 days, the Bluetooth light barely ever comes on and if it does, it may never full initialize or turn back off within a few seconds.Buy something better.  This unit is not worth your time or money.
Easy to setup and use, but the sound quality is so poor it's almost unusable.  The wow and flutter is so bad, it makes your music sound like it's being played on a dirty old cassette deck.
Despite successfully pairing and configuring the device with my computer, I wasn't able to actually connect to it and use it. A call to their support line only added to my frustration after their automated system only asks for voice prompts but doesn't understand them. After my second attempt at calling them (I was disconnected the first time), the person insisted it was the computer and didn't want to help.Quite a disappointment. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this.
been using this for 1 year now, constantly disconnects, gets staticy then I restart then it wont connect, my computer is only ten feet away in plain view. this product has never been reliable...
The first one lasted one year and then stopped sticking to the windscreen. Instead of replacing only the suction piece, I had to replace the entire set (because Garmin will not provide pieces only). Spent $50 again and new set broke right where the mount sticks to the suction in less than a month.My new GPS is not going to be Garmin.
... it's called a leash. Or a fence. How about keeping your pet safe the responsible-- not to mention cheap-- way.I've been a volunteer at a no-kill animal shelter for 5 years, and I'm still amazed at the lack of guardianship people show for their pets. So your dog has this $350-dollar doodad on its neck. It's not going to keep it from running out into the street and getting hit by a car, or picked up by somebody who wants to use it for dog-fighting bait or sell it to a lab (yes, these things happen-- often).Have some sense, people. This is ridiculous.
This product is poorly made and has multiple manufacturing problems, which could have been avoided: The idea is to use a GPS transmitter to locate your lost dog. Here is why I returned mine:1. GPS transmitter is NOT waterproof. The grey plastic case has a 2 inch long gap that would easily allow water to get inside it and destroy the electronics. Even overnight condensation could damage the unit.2. GPS transmitter easily falls out of the cheap black plastic case that attaches to your dogs' collar. You could find the transmitter (assuming no exposure to moisture), but not your beloved dog, who could be long gone.3. Antenna was shipped quite loose.Company was unresponsive when I notified them of these problems. I even offered remedies/inexpensive fixes they could have used, which they did not.Wait until another company comes up with a quality GPS locator for your dog, then buy it.
Don't pay $350 for device that doesn't work.  GPS location at my house keeps changing addresses, none of which are my actual address.  So even if it were to actually text me that my dog is out of the fence (Which he is currently according to the command center) I would never really know where he is.  Bad product literature. You have to sign up for 2-3 year service cellular service plan that only gives you a certain number of "out of fence" alerts per month(3 on my plan and then additional charges for each alert) has yet to text me that my dog is out of the fence even though the web site clearly states he is out of fence.  Batteries only last a few hours when fully charged.  No piece of mind when out of town, or if he gets out and you were to actually know it, you would have very short amount of time to locate a dog that may be within a few blocks in any direction of the address it claims to be.
I bought this product with the hopes that it would resolve my worries about my dog getting out of the house without a leash. But this product did not help one bit. First it wouldn't let me login to the site, they had to do it because they said they had to many activations in one day and mine didn't go through. Ok, I went along with that as long as I can get to the site to get this up and running. Then it could not get a lock on a GPS signal, and I am on a complete green area of the coverage map. As for customer support, when I first received the gps, I e-mailed support I never received a response until 3 days later, but yet on the quick start guide it guarantees a response within 24 hours.  So After waiting two days I did call and no matter which option I choose I always got a voice mail, which I did leave a message for someone to please call, and no one ever called.  Once I did get a response they set it up so I could finally get my product activated, then the GPSA wasn't able to get a signal lock. So I emailed and once again didn't get a response until the 2nd day. So I followed what they told me to do and it still didn't work. So they said I would have to send the product back to them so they could set it up there.  This was a big sign to me that this product has many flaws still that need to be worked out; otherwise tech support should have been able to explain how to get this device working correctly. It was picking up a signal, but the device always had the address a block away than where it actually was and the house address always changed. That seemed odd that I could get a signal but yet the device never locked down a GPS signal or went out of setup mode.  I sent this product back because any product that has this many problems from the start is not going to be worth the money in the long run.  Besides you only have 15 days to send the product back for a full refund.  If I would have sent this product back to them to set it up "as they said", it would have ended up after the 15 days and I would never be able to get my money back with a fight.  This product sounds great, but it is not a good investment in my opinion, unless you like to hassle with a company and like to wonder if and when you will get an answer.  My pet is worth spending this kind of money, but not on a product that isn't going to work correctly.
This product keeps changing home addresses; none of which are the address I typed in the initial field. It does not stay charged so that it is actually able to function as advertised if you are gone from home any length of time and you put your dog in a yard.  Additionally, gravity takes it down to the lower neck area in common use so that when the dog is doing normal dog things, the device sinks downward so that the antenna is pointing toward the ground.  The pictures are misleading.  We tried all of the advise the company gave us. It's just not a device that works when and where you need it to work.  It was a lot to invest to have this many problems.
ALERT! ALERT!DON'T BUY.  COMPANY WENT OUT OF BUSINESS 31 AUGUST 2008.We purchased this item less than a year ago.  The batteries have never held a charge more than 24 hours in walk mode, vice the 4-5 days as advertised.  The companies website states that a text message will be sent when the batteries are low.  This has never happened.  We have received erroneous messages on heat conditions saying high heat when it was 45 degrees outside.  When a track was sent via the website it took over 45 minutes to receive a text message or for the website to give our pets location.  The home location changes and when the correct address is entered in, it shows the home location at about a block away.  Customer service is nonexistent.  After numerous phone calls (never got a person, only a voice mail) and emailing them they did not feel their customers were important enough to return the calls or emails.  We now sit here with a device that is locked in fence mode and won't change on the device or the website and is not receiving a signal.  For the same price there are much better products coming out on the market and some don't have service fees.  As soon as they are available, we are getting one.Global Pet Finder GPS Tracking Device for Pets
Just received package yesterday. According to the product information on the page, This was to be the entire mounting, swivel arm and laptop holder. My order was for RAM-VB-108-SW1. What I got:RAM-VB-108. This is just the base. Could have bought it direct from RAM mounting systems for less money if that was all I wanted.  BUYER BEWARE. Item description on AMAZON. NOT RIGHT. Picture is all you get.
Hello. I lost my charger Zire 72. I don't remember the voltage out (volts),current in and current out (Amperes). Can you tell me about these dates?Can you tell me if the Garmin AC could damage my zire 72?
PRO: Lightweight receiver-only connecting via bluetooth to anything. Great SirfIII picks up multiple birds. Fast warm, fairly fast cold. Accuracy good for driving purposes. Good battery life and can buy multiple batteries for walking use. Limited diagnostic software available from manufacturer for 32-bit and 64-bit Vista.Cons: Where to start? I use the BT338 (Black model) with a laptop and also Dell Axim x50v running Windows Mobile 5. Both connect via bluetooth. I use iGuidance, ESRI ARCPad, ESRI ARCInfo, and the manufacturer's own GPSInfo test software. I have re-paired the bluetooth connection on both the laptop and handheld and they pair with the BT338 and assign a COM port with a serial connection as required for the BT338. It no longer works. The GPS side has died. I have removed the battery for over twelve hours as customer support recommends to "reset the ROM." Google the read forums on this device and see what people are experiencing as they troubleshoot the same problems between themselves and the company in Taiwan that makes it.Bottom line: I use this device with different hardware platforms and different software and the GPS, not bluetooth, side of the BT338 has reliability issues. Don't buy it!
I concur with the previous reviewer.  This GPS is a piece of junk.  I received it as a gift for my birthday, and it never worked right.  Only about once in 50 tries does the Palm recognize the GPS, and even then, it "disappears" after about 5 minutes.  I even did a hard reset on my Palm Treo 700w and installed only the Street Atlas Handheld software and the GPS driver and that didn't work.Bottom line is this: If you're trying to get this device to work with your Treo 700w, forget it and look for a GPS that's (a) better built, (b) has better drivers, and (c) actually has a tech support dept that cares.Amazon really *does* need a 0 rating --- especially for this product.
Where's the zero star...?  I bought this to use with my new Palm Treo 700w with CoPilot Live 6 software.  After uninstalling, and playing with the thing for way to long I have come to the conclusion that the thing just doesn't work.  The SD card is very slow at accessing the information placed on it.  Can't even run the GPS software from it!  I can't even get a signal...The website doesn't have any troubleshooting and the CD it came with has no info what so ever!  Guess I'm going bluetooth for a GPS reciever, save yourself lots of time and aggrevation and DO NOT get this product!
The SD-502 seems to be a great product if it worked. I purchased itin October 2006 for about $145.00 and installed it on a Dell X3. The install was flawless and it latched onto satellites very quickly. I loved it. It was sooo easy. Then came the real test. I took it with me on a road trip from VA to FL (approx 16 hours). 6 hours into the trip the device failed. Although the GPS side of the product seemed to work (blinking light and all) the mapping software kept saying the map files (which I stored on the on board 512 MB memory) was corrupt. If I turned off the device and let it cool it would start working again for 5 minutes and die again. The unit was worthless for the trip and I had to revert to MapQuest..:( I came back and sent it back to Global Sat USA. They send me a wrong unit as a replacement (SD-501 with no on board memory). I called them and they promptly sent me a SD-502. I put it into my PDA and I got no light it was dead. I sent the second one back and explained the problem. The replacement they sent me turned out to be the same bad unit I had just sent them. The bottom line, the techs very very courteous to talk to and it seemed that they were supporting a really bad product. The product is really not built for long use. After spending money shipping back and forth three times and not seeing any hope for this product. I decided to cut my loses. I have thrown this unit out with 5 months of warranty still left and went out and purchased a Garmin Nuvi 350 (I should have done it in the first place). Anyway after wasting $250.00 on this flimsy product I decided to warn any user that wants an honest review to save their money. I never write reviews, but I do not want any one else to lose money on this product. I hope you don't waste your money like I did on this terrible product.
Most people experience serial number troubleshooting with this synth. At the very last stage of download. The price tells the true story of this software. Save your money and use it towards something that wont drive you nuts just to install.ps. The worst customer support ever. Impossible to contact anyone.
on the page the item number is  010-10517-01 but when i got it ..it had another number which is 0110095502 ,,it came 7.4 not 8.4finally it does not fit my device
The Mobile 20 is excellent at tracking to a destination.  The touch input is excellent.  However, there appears to be serious system fault, probably in the software, that results in major interference when voice directions are activated.  This renders the voice guidance useless.  Due to the small mapping screen, properly functioning voice guidance is critical to use of the Mobile 20.
This is a horrible product. The concept is great but the execution is horrible. It works great as a bluetooth speakerphone but I bought it as a GPS product for my Treo 700p. It looses satellites pretty often while driving and you should be very lucky to get the signals back. I called Garmin and they asked me to send the unit to them and they send me another one, but the behavior was exactly the same.
This product was supposed to be compatable with my AT&T 8525 phone but was not.  The data card included was an SD and not a micro SD as needed by the phone.  The customer service person at Garmin was completely unhelpful, especially when she found out that the product was purchased from Amazon and not directly from them.  This is not the usual experience I have when buying a Garmin product.
The software (on a mini SD card, with an adapter) wasn't readable at all on my Treo 700P, though the product is advertised as working with the Treo 700P.  I tried reading the card with a card reader, and it didn't work that way either.The Bluetooth hands-free speakerphone feature worked perfectly, but that isn't why I purchased it.I returned the product to Amazon.Added:  Over 10 days after I emailed Garmin, they replied suggesting that I download the Windows-compatible software (when I had clearly stated my computer was a Mac).  It confirmed my decision to return this product.
I have had a very poor experience with the GPS 20 and my 700W.  The handsfree calling and bluetooth for that works great, however the GPS (the main reason for buying) is non-functional.  If trying to start the program, it will endlessly seach for the software never to find it.  Even when working, it did not have enough memory to navigate a 5 mile route.  Just spend the money to get a GPS unit and a hands free bluetooth device and you will be much happier.
I used the Foodsaver 5-6 times, worked fine. Placed it on shelf for about 6 months and the pump no longer worked - It cannot be fixed and, naturally, the warranty ended the day before I called for service. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
The first unit I purchased was a replacement for an older model.  I had it for less than a year and it stopped working - i.e. it would vacuum out the air but never went to the sealing process.  It was replaced by the company.  Now, the second one is doing the same thing.  I used to really love this company but now I will really hesitate to replace it.  There is obviously a problem with this model but Tilla doesn't wish to recognize it.  The customer service rep I spoke with was very curt and didn't even offer to have me send it somewhere for a fix.  The comment was Sorry, it's out of warranty. That's all that was said.  I am NOT pleased at all.
Bought this phone months ago off amazon.  Activated it.  signed a one year contract.  Could not get the locator service to work.  After a zillion attempts to reach customer support i finally reached someone who said he would fix the issue.  He called me back a couple times for info and finally said it was fixed (weeks later).  But it still did not work.  By now, I had the rep's cell phone number (sounds like they outsource their customer service) so I called him again and again until I reached him... he said that there was nothing more he could do as he no longer worked for wherify.  However, he said that he talked to his supervisor and gave him my info.  He also said that Wherify would forgive my contract, refund the money I already paid for the service (several months worth by now)and refund my money for the phone purchase--since it had been months and I could no longer return the phone to the seller.  That was months ago and still, I have never heard from them.  Their customer support lines are fake---no one ever answers, voice mail full.  My emails to customer supports have never been answered.  I have spent hunderds of dollars for NOTHING.  I am having to dispute the charges to my credit card through my bank because they are still deducting money monthly.
This phone was a real disappointment.  We bought it so that we could find our child in the case of an emergency.  The day that we actually needed to find our child, the gps showed him in another town 5 miles from our house!!  He was in fact, 2 blocks away from our house.  Second, the battery for the phone only held it's charge for a few hours (this is brand new out of the box).  And third, it is extremely difficult to speak to someone in person at Wherify customer service.  This has been a real waste of money.
Rip off - The service you are suppose to use with this phone is out of business.  Then I checked with the major cell carriers and no one would/could service this phone.  They were all happy to sell me their own version and their own plans but I now own a completely unusable phone.
This is a great idea, too bad it doesn't work.There are now similar products out there that actually work, so buy one of them and not this product.Also, the reviews by Rosco C. Barnes sure look a lot like he works for the company that sells this POS.....
My son received a Wherifone from his grandparents. However, when we called to activate the phone all of the company's phone lines listed in the package literature and on their web site were not in service or disconnected.Sounds to me like they have gone belly up. We were very disappointed as we never even got a chance to use the device.
This is a great idea, especially for kids.  However, the company is selling the product before the wrinkles are smoothed out.  You are supposed to be able to do a "locate" in 3 ways:  from the web site, from your cell phone, or by calling Wherify.  It was not clear to me until I bought the phone that the "locate" by sending a text message from a cell isn't a functional feature yet... the company told me it will be at least 2 months.Locating from the web site has worked very poorly today.  (They told me they are working on their technology but even the company can't get signed in today.)Further, they only have customer support from 9 am until 7 pm.  So, since you can't locate from your cell phone yet, you better have a working internet connection when you want to find your kids... because they won't answer the phone outside of those hours.We also found that a fully-charged phone battery only lasted 7 hours, with the majority of that time on standby (actual talk time was about 5 min).Great idea, but I expect by the time they have a good product the regular cell phone companies will be offering the same technology.I am returning both of ours and getting out of the contract.
We saw this on the View, and thought what a terrific produt for our son.  Unfortunately, you can't reach the company to turn on the phone.  All you get is a message that repeats at 8am or 5 pm, what a rip off!  We returned to Amazon after spending a week calling them at all times of the day.
I bought a Wherify locater phone about 3 yrs. ago. Now that I do not use the phone and want to cancel the monthly credit card billing, Customer Service is NON-EXISTENT! They do not answer emails at the toll-free number except that a recording is re-played: "This mailbox is full". Nothing wrong with their automatic billing, but once you are in, you can't get out!
If I could give this a half star I would have. It cannot be activated and there is no support from the manufacturer. It was supposed to be new but it was used and clearly a defective product. It wS even the wrong color!!  This is all on the seller.. As for amazon they are the best. As soon as I realized thee was a problem they sent a shipping label for the return and I had my refund with in days. AMAZON ROCKS!
The seller send me a soft version of the case. Not the one advertised on the picture. I buy it to protect my Garmin gear but I get very disappointed to receive something different.
Look at the description and the pictures.  Notice how they don't match.  Both a subwoofer and an LCD are advertised here.  At least they are getting closer.  I thought I had ordered LCDs until subwoofers came in the mail.  Back then there was only one tiny place in the listing that mentioned a speaker.I have no idea if the problem is from Amazon or from their marketplace vendors.
The description of this item does not correspond with the product, if you order, you will receive a wrong item. I happened twice.
I bought this after spending months hesitating, reading reviews and researching, and more hesitating. My cat goes outside around the immediate area (within about a 250 metre radius of the house) and while he comes 9/10 times when I call him, sometimes I worry and I just wanted the extra piece of mind. Plus, he tends to lose his collar every 2-3 weeks and I figured being able to find it would save me money from collars and tags, making the cost of the unit worth it no matter what.This thing has a very short range, not nearly what it advertises, even with the Plus version. I walk outside around the yard and neighbourhood so that I'll pass near by wherever it is, but I get nothing. It might work if you're looking for something in your living room, but every time I've tried to use it, by the time it started beeping I could already seem him walking towards me anyway. This is without buildings or trees in the way, just in the garden.I was really excited about this, but now I really regret wasting the money, and knowing that I still don't have a decent way of finding my cat in case of emergency...
I bought a Canon S70 in May 2005 and thought it'll be a good idea to have a Warranty as a backup, since I use my camera a lot.Couple of months back the sliding shutter(also functions as on/off) for the camera broke - a fairly common problem for such a design.-I ship the camera to Mack.- 4 weeks go by, no answer.  I call them, they said they had to send the camera to Canon for repair.- Another 3 weeks go by.. I call them again.  Now the drama begins.  Mack sales guy (Rich) says Canon can't fix the camera so they'll give me an upgrade.  They'll give me a 'refurbished' Canon SD630.  If you do a search on this model, you'll find out this is a huge downgrade of a model.  Also I have bought an underwater housing for the S70 which will go to waste since they can't fix or replace my camera with the same model.- First of all after 7 weeks, I still don't have my camera.  Mack is placing the blame on Canon and trying to Cop out by offering me a refurbished downgraded camera!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I should have read the reviews about their horrible service elsewhere online.You'd think paying extra and buying a Warranty is peace of mind.. well Think again!
I purchased a Tomtom Navigator 6 with Navibe GPS receiver about 40 days ago. The feel of the navigator software is very nice. The Navibe GPS receiver is very nice too... However, the map accuracy is not as it is stated in the publicity. The maps may be good for the major cities of the US, but if you are to come to Canada with this Tomtom Navigator 6, you will find that they are decades behind with respect to their competitor (NAVTEQ, GARMIN) Also, be aware that the palm TX, Lifedrive, etc are not considered compatible by Tomtom and therefore free map updates are not available... I recommend to NOT purchase this item.
I would NOT recommend this product.  I bought a garmin nuvi 200, and it was great for the 1st year.  It is now conveniently out of warranty, has a firmware error, and Garmin's customer service is the most inconvenient and unfriendly that I have seen of any company.  Their contact us page should read in bold "we do not care about your problems".
Works about as well as any other brand on the market, but after using it for a year the unit is programmed to force a "Map Update Notice" screen to pop up each time the unit is turned on.. Very annoying because that screen stays on unless you acknowledge it by pushing "OK"! Who wnats to pay for a "tool" and then have it change its ease of use after a year. This "feature" was not part of the specs when I bought it!!!
We have used our Nuvi 200 for the past six months travelling in our motorhome and in our Jeep.  My wife (The Navigator) and I decided that on balance, the Nuvi has been a negative to helping us navigate.  Many times, the Nuvi is spot on, and we glide to our destination.  However, there have been enough ocassions where the gadget is wrong and misleading, delivering unwanted surprises and just plain erroneous information so that, at the end of the day, the negatives outweigh the positives.  We cannot trust it's route calculations without double checking with Microsoft Streets and Trips and with the Highway Atlas we got at Walmart.A good example was a recent trip thru Houston from a campground west of there.  The night before we left, the Nuvi said we should bypass Houston via the Sam Houston Toll Road.  The next morning, the Nuvi had changed it's mind and directed us to take I-10 through the middle of the city instead. We hadn't moved the motorhome during the nite, so we can only assume the Nuvi was suggesting the change in route because of the positioning of the stars, or maybe it knew something about gas prices that we did not, or maybe it just felt like seeing some different scenery along the way.The Nuvi has tried to send us down two track dirt roads without warning, which might be ok if we are travelling in the Jeep, but certainly not in a Motorhome, and I would not have wanted to go down those roads with a regular car either.  We have been led down narrow, winding streets in search of an address which turned out was a mile away on the opposite side of the Interstate.Perhaps other Garmin Navigators are better and more useful than this one, but based on our experience with the Nuvi 200, we aren't planning to spend the money any time soon to find out.
Compared to my 5 year old basic MIO GPS, I thought I was buying something at least marginally more advanced,  only to find that this product is missing some very basic things that I would expect on any GPS:I was disappointed for the following reasons:1 - No altitude data is available - Based on the way GPS works, this data is available once you see at least 4 satellites, so why the designers chose not to display it eludes me.2 - Its difficult to see the actual STREET ADDRESS once you assign a name to it.3 - Once you name a destination, it doesn't display the address as you approach the destination (I'm not even sure if it does even if you don't name it).  This is really annoying as you start approaching a dense neighborhood and start wondering what house number you were going to.4 - No option to search by ZIP code - I ran into some ambiguities which could have quickly been resolved by the ZIP code.5 - Complicated to change the screen layout (from 3D to 2D or Directional) - no quick keys to change the display.6 - If I choose to orient the display based on the direction of the car, one would think that at least somewhere on the map there should be an arrow pointing to North.If you've never owned a GPS you might not wonder about these things but if you have, you'll be disappointed with the nuvi 200.
I purchased this little device about 2 months ago and I have had nothing but problems with it. The biggest problem is that the charger doesn't work in my SUV in either power adapter. In my other car, it works, but if you bump it, the screen changes to a notice that it lost power and asks you to choose to stay on battery or turn off. Very inconvenient while driving. My cup holder in my car is right below the power adapter, so this happens all of the time. The connection is VERY tight and scratches the adapter every time I pull it out. I called Garmin about this.WOW. It takes no less than 30 minutes on hold to get to a human (I've done this 3 times now). On the first call, I was told that this is a known problem, he documented what types of vehicle(model and year) that I had, and sent me out another adapter to see if it made a difference. It didn't. I even went to a store and purchased a splitter (to turn 1 outlet into 2) and it wouldn't work with that either.So- I call in again to see there is any other option or if another model of Nuvi has a different adapter and another 30 min. on hold. I told them that I desperately wanted to make this work but without power, this will be useless. I offered to purchase an adapter to turn my car adapter into a regular wall-type outlet...the representative said "No- we don't want you to have to do that...we don't have them here, but I can go out and get one and send it to you, along with the adapter to connect the Nuvi to a wall outlet." WOW I'm thinking to myself. GREAT customer service, right? NO! Lies!2 weeks later and nothing in the mail. I call back. Again. 35 min. later I'm told that they have no record of me talking with the 2nd person (convenient!). The rep proceeds to tell me that they would never do something like that for a customer. SO I ask if he can at least send the power to wall adapter, and I'll get the one for turning the car outlet into a wall outlet. SURE he says. Guess what?? LIES again. Almost 2 weeks later and still nothing in the mail.OH- and I frequently sit on "Acquiring Satellites" for as long as 15 minutes (and I live in the metropolitain Washington DC area, have the GPS on the dash with no obstructions), so you need to make sure you have signal before you actually start driving. Garmin said that it shouldn't be doing that, but offered no solution or assistance on that either.OVERALL- I'd recommend buying a different brand. The customer service alone is worth avoiding this. Because I ordered online, I now (with all of the time elapsed in trying to work this out with Garmin) cannot return this. Beware.
My Nuvi 200 survived the initial 1-year warranty.  A few months later, the power started shorting out.  Evidently, the minor torque created by the cord is enough to break the internal connection between the power cord and the battery.  I opened the little bugger up and noticed that the only connection to the battery is through a small, metal cage which sits upon the charger.  This is connected to the main body on one side and not very well.  The single point of connection had been severed due to the simple swing of the power cord!I don't recommend this product.If you are looking for a GPS, please consider one of the products that has a much stronger power connection.  While this one should last the warranty, it will likely break soon after with limited usage.  The Garmin website allows people to ship an ensured package back to the dealer (shipping roughly $10-20) and have it repaired for $50.  Not worth it in my opinion.  I'm going to try some surgery on it, but will likely end up buying a different product.
I just returned my Garmin nuvi 200 after trying to drive to The Bronx from Manhattan and it many errors (almost sent me to NJ on the GWB coming back!). These days most digital products just work so I thought going with low-end model should be fine - I don't need fancy features, just a basic GPS that works.  Within half an hour out of the box the unit sent me the wrong way several times including telling me to stay in the left lane of a four-lane highway - then later saying get in the right lane to exit.  It also kept saying "recalculating route" even when I was following the route that it had me on. It might work fine for country roads but in NY this GPS did not meet my (basic) expectations.  I need to buy a new GPS but am hesitant to purchase another one from Garmin.
WARNING: Using this for navigation could be very dangerous!!! I just got this and after testing it to plan 2 routes over roads I know very well, I found I cannot trust the routes it chooses.  The first one told me to make an illegal left turn in front of 3 lanes of traffic.  The next one took me through terrible city traffic over a much longer distance, rather than use the Interstate.  It also labeled an Interstate with the wrong number.  Yes, I had it configured properly, and downloaded updated software as of Oct 16, 2008.  So, the only use for this is as a tiny (possibly inaccurate) map or for GPS coordinates, speed, and elapsed time.
I purchased this as a basic GPS need.  I don't need a lot of bells and whistles.  I am in the Oregon National Guard infantry and a hiker and a geocacher.  I own a couple of GPS and have used civilian and military models alike.  I am also very good at using map and compass.This GPS was okay in the first year.  It got me near where I wanted to go.  Then a few months ago it started to download some updates when I turned my truck on.  I also plugged it into the computer for updates as well.  It is current on everything save the maps.A few months ago it started to take a few minutes before finding the satellites.  Since it was winter I assumed that it was cloud or tree cover.  I've discovered this is not the case.  It occurs every time I turn on the vehicle now and it has taken up to twenty minutes for it to find the satellites.  Most of the time it takes ten minutes.Annoyances.I understand the desire to make money selling $70 maps every now and then.  But then again we use a lot of Department of Defense satellites, there are no real-time traffic updates on this model, and I just don't see why there is this need to do so.  Google Maps on my iPhone 3GS works better than this GPS does now.  It is faster, tells me which direction I am facing, and has regularly updated maps with satellite view.  So with all of this I don't see why Garmin wants to charge me for map updates.The start up screen.  I want to get in my truck and go.  I'd like the screen to go immediately to the map screen, not the menu screen.  Its a minor thing but it does get old after a while.They keypad is not QWERTY and because of this I am much slower in typing than I normally am.  There isn't an option that I can find to change this anywhere.The GPS has put me in neighborhoods that were not there.  Note... not a map issue... but the wrong neighborhood.  I was moving to a POI and had the route and then it blinked onto a different map area.  I just kept driving, ignoring the error, and then after I 'missed my turn' into a street that wasn't there, it blinked and went back to the section of the map that I really was in.The accuracy of the GPS varies.  I understand that there is this thing called drift in a GPS, but I also understand that something is off when I am driving at 30MPH on a street and it tells me to turn right 100' feet after I've passed the turn yet showing me that I'm arriving at the turn on the map.Could use a different turn-by-turn view where it lists the first three or four turns  coming up on the right hand side of the screen.  When navigating a freeway system in an urban area with lots of merge lanes I don't want to hear the voice telling me to turn left but want to see the bigger picture of the two four-way intersections I'm coming to and where I've got to be.  Context is important in maps.I wish there were more folders than just favorite.  Someone gets into a truck with me, I turn on the GPS and go to favorites and they see various locations listed that bring up questions, such as 'cancer clinic' or 'therapy'.  Also, I do geocache and have added some to the favorites and it's filled up the folder.  Would rather have a favorites category to be able to turn on and off.The interface is just too clunky, not streamlined, and needs some innovative thinking.I've tried going to the Garmin website to submit this review but the website always gives me an error or doesn't load.I used to be a huge Garmin guy, carried a model in Iraq that worked better than our military models.  I bought a Magellan and hated it and went back to Garmin.  When it came time to get a car model I never considered another brand.  However I am so disappointed and dissatisfied with this model that I would seriously look into another brand.  A shame too since there a lot of people locally that work for Garmin.
Received the Garmin 200 as a gift.  Within weeks it stopped working.  Apparently because it did not malfunction within the 30 day return period.  Amazon refused to issue a refund.  Now I am stuck with a non working GPS.
Very poor product.  The unit does not have enough memory for updated maps.  Buy a TomTom instead.
The Nuvi 200 is a great unit.  I purchased 3.  But here is the downside, vs purchasing a TomTom, you will pay through the nose for updated maps, and yes they definitely need updating.  You can pay [...]  per unit per year, [...] for lifetime updates.  What is lifetime, for the life of the unit.  Is that two years, three years? Is it transferable to a new Garmin unit you purchase? NO!  So what's with the word lifetime?  Sounds like it should be FLIMFLAM!Everyone has a multi-unit discount plan for software, but not Garmin.  TomTom on the other hand allows you to correct maps and routes that are in error.  From what I have read they also have the most up to date maps.I will give the TomTom a try, I originally chose Garmin because of the stellar reviews but the back end costs for correct map data seems to me to put TomTom ahead in that respect.Bottom line, I would have to pay more for maps then I paid for the units and that's just not happening.
The way the cord is routed (vertically), if the suction cup breaks loose from your windshield, it will impact the electrical input that powers the unit.  Despite your best efforts to angle the plug just right and secure it with duct or gaffer tape, it will not stay powered on.  Why these GPS companies designed their units this way I haven't a clue.  Instead of selling more units through self destruction, they simply force customers to other brands.  TomTom is more accurate, and doesn't have this inherent FAIL flaw.
I am VERY unhappy. I buy things online as I don't have time to run around to 'shop', so I don't have time to go somewhere to ship these TINY systems back to you. You should list the dimensions of the screen like they do for TV's. The screen is so SMALL that my elderly parents for whom I bought the 2 units, can not see the screen and drive at the same time. They do not talk loud enough for a person with hearing challenges. I feel I have spent $360.00 for useless equipment. I am NOT happy!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this GPS and while it works fine out of the box, it came with outdated maps. There is a nice road in the area that's existed for at least 4 years that is a quick way to get to the interstate and it wasn't on there. I got on Garmin's website to download an updated map. It took 4 HOURS to download the updated maps to my computer (I have DSL, not dialup!), and then when I tried to put the new maps on my Garmin it would not go. I spent 2 evenings after getting off from work and a total of another probably 8 hours trying to put the maps on and they not only didn't go, but the Garmin software deleted what was on it from the factory! I ended up with a nice, new GPS with NO maps whatsoever on it. Not very useful, huh? When I called Garmin to see what they would do they said that they would send me a disc of the maps or connect me with tech support to try to resolve the problem. By this time I had had enough of trying to fool around with it, so I ended up sending it back to Amazon for a refund and I've since bought a Tom Tom GPS. I won't buy a Garmin product again.
I am a newbie to this technology so maybe i was expecting too much or i just had a bum unit but i had significant problem with the battery.  The car charger that came with it apparently had a busted fuse to begin with.  no big deal but it seems that you cannot use the unit while charging it in the car charger.  Maybe just my bad luck or this is how all systems work.
I bought this because my eyes are going and I have a hard time reading street maps. Total disappointment. Started out putting in my home address from the Wal-Mart where I bought the Garmin. Guess what? Wrong directions. Never would have gotten home if I didn't know the way. The "voice" told me to turn right when it should have been left.Then I entered "OPRYLAND" in Nashville, TN. The Garmin wanted a street address. Duh. So much for that "point of interest."Battery life is short. The parts are cheesy (the rubber suction cup does not stick to the windshield. The disk for the dashboard is useless.I got stuck in Afrikaans language instead of American English and took 10 minutes for the Garmin rep to get me back to something I could read.Solution: Returned to Wal-Mart for full refund, bought reading glasses for my folding maps.
Bought both the Garmin Nuvi 200 and and the Magellan 3100 at the same time, but returned the Garmin as the Magellan includes many more choices for detours, adding trips with multiple destinations and it also allows you to optimize your trips and routes.  The Garmin wasn't as good with getting and keeping satellites.  The Magellan 3100 gets a quick lock on satellites and never loses them.  Always gets me to my destination and allows me to change in the middle of a trip with quick route recalculation.  Makes quick changes if I miss a turn also.  Gives many choices when creating a route like quickest route, shortest route, most use of freeways, least use of freeways, and whether or not to use toll roads.A quick tip and download I found on the web allowed me to get to 6 million poi's on the Magellan 3100.  I'm so impressed with the 3100.I'm glad I tried the Magellan instead of following the crowd and just settling for the Garmin.  Garmin needs to add some more features to their devices.  Magellan offers options in their low end gps's that Garmin doesn't even offer in their higher end models.
I'm very disappointed to find that the maps in my newly purchased Garmin nuvi are over a year old.  This is according to device itself, which informed me that new maps are available for purchase. Other than this huge disappointment, I love the device.
I recieved my used GPS Navagation system. It was missing all accessories instruction maunual cables etc. Then I went out and purchased the cable so I could charge the thing, to find out it was defective did not hold a charge at all. Very disapointed.
The digitizers on garmin products are fragile.  The section cup mount is not sufficient to mount the unit, it will release unexpectedly after long trips. For this reason a dash mount is preferable to the included windshield mount, unless you have quick reflexes.This is the second product from garmin I've owned where the digitizer has cracked in under a year. Customer service is terrible and the repair cost is nearly the price of a new unit.This unit suffers from frequent confusion and periodically recommends illegal U-turns in the middle of major intersections or old map data will recommend bad routes (new map upgrade is $69). Also periodically it will not recognize that you have passed your via point and will enter in to a verbal loop where is repeats the same direction until the unit is turned off and restarted.Don't waste your money.I've owned a few older LCD/digitizer touch screen or stylus type devices that ran flawlessly until obsolescence. I've never encountered such a fragile device, but as I have not had experience with tomtom or competitors. I don't know if this related to the glass digitizer or if it is specific to the garmin device's design (thin glass, lack of included screen protector).
I purchased my Garmin in November 2007. In September 2008, the Garmin completely stopped functioning and directed me to purchase a map update on their site. I went to the site and discovered that I needed to first purchase a USB cable to connect the device. $20 and two weeks later, the cable arrived.I logged onto the Garmin's website and went through an hour long product registration process to see if I qualified for a free map update. At the end of a frustrating hour long registration, I was told that I did not qualify for a free map update and got a 10% coupon for select products.The map update for this device is $70  and the 10% discount did not apply to this update. Since my Garmin is useless without this update, I decided purchase it. The download took 4 hours on a high speed connection. If you purchase this device, beware that annual updates will cost almost as much as the device.
I bought the Garmin Nuvi 200 for my wife for Christmas almost six months ago.  We are finding many of the newest roads, some even two and three years old are not in the software.  Also, we have had some of the older freeway intersections replaced over the last two years, and as they open up the new ramps the Nuvi "recalculates" all the while you try to stay in the correct lane, the Nuvi keeps trying to send you the wrong way (the old ramp direction).  I have missed the correct ramp a couple of times because of the incorrect map info. No problem.  Just update the maps, right?  Wrong.  My six month old Nuvi 200 will cost me about $45 to update one time, and if I want unlimited updates for the life of the unit, it will cost about $90.  Garmin determines the "life of the unit".  So when you see these for sale at $100 and below, remember, the Garmin will cost you double if you want to download and update the maps.  Be careful buying the used Nuvi, it will have the old maps that will just let you down when you depend on it to get you to your destination. In the computer age of today, updating your GPS mapping device should be a small cost if not free.  I upgraded my microsoft firewall on my laptop the other day for free, and it's five years old.  Garmin and TomTom both have the same scam. Updates cost as much as purchasing a new unit, and the new unit must be updated within 90 days of the first time it is activated, and you only get one update with a new unit.  Used units have already lost that 90 day update period, so you will not be satisfied with your final results.
Just talked to their customer service, they DON'T give free map upgrade to any previous purchase even within 1 day old. They just guarantee new maps when purchased, so be prepared to pay $69 for a map upgrade anytime. It should be zero star for that reason. If you are living in a fast road changing areas, this is a junk after 1 year.
I received this as a gift purchased at  Wal-Mart's Black Friday sale. It worked fine for about a month when it refused to re-boot after turning itself off when the car's ignition was turned off. Using the reset button seemed to restore its functioning. However, a week later the same thing happened. After using the reset button the unit booted but would not show detailed street maps. Another reset erased the maps entirely. Turning on the unit led to a screen that said the Nuvi couldn't detect any maps, and would not function without map data. Returned to Wal-Mart for exchange/refund. The clerk at the service desk seemed to know that they did not have the exact unit in stock any longer since it was a Black Friday Sale item. I suspect that these have been coming back like the swallows to Capistrano. Fortunately, the person who gave this to me purchased the "Extended Warranty" which was refunded along with the purchase price. Will replace this with another manufacturer's product.
This is a waste of time! I rated the seller very poor coz i did not received the item. I want a full refund of my money $49.99.
I've waited three months, using this device locally and on long trips, before writing this review. It is a very nice gadget, but of little help. Locally, it invariably wants me to follow a longer, convoluted route to my destination. On trips to distant locations, it offers no advantage over a printed map. And it is not that the local map is deficient. Once I turn onto the direct route to my destination, the program accepts my decision and reveals all of the streets correctly. But to enter a local address is entirely too difficult and time consuming, without being directed on an indirect, inefficient route to that address.
I originally ordered a nuvi 600 series, and I fell in love with the product for its bluetooth capability.  However, I recently changed careers and needed a treo phone for my work.  When I tried to sync the nuvi with the treo 700wx, I was unsuccessful.  In calling Garmin they said that if I was patient, they would probably be releasing some software to deal with the issue in the coming weeks.  Well, when spending that much money, I'm not that patient.  So, I purchased a car with bluetooth capabilty and decided instead to purchase the newest nuvi 200 for its simplicity and small design.  When I got the product, it worked well for the first 24 hours.  It then repeatedly locked up.  I spoke with Garmin, and they instructed me to do a hard reset, which I performed.  The product worked for about 2 hours until I parked in a parking garage.  When I left the garage, it took about 10-15minutes for the nuvi to find any satellites.  I have dealt with this same problem for the last two weeks.  I am now sending the nuvi back to purchase a better unit with an antenna, the most likely problem with this nuvi 200.  If you plan on using this nuvi for quickly accessing street navigation in a car, I highly discourage you.
This item came broken...with the serial number scratched off, so it had no maps. I guess I could have convinced my kid it was a smart phone and let her play with the screen. I guess if it had maps, it would have been great. Sorry nuvi, hate to say mean things about you.
This overpriced product suffers from an awkward interface, a dim screen, and a very limited feature set. I also find the routing capabilities far too limiting.I've traded in my 200 for a TomTom One and couldn't be more thrilled - it costs less (amazon running a blowout sale for $199), fits more easily in a pocket, and has bluetooth connectivity for handsfree calling. In addition it also has mapsharing capabilities which (theoretically) ensure that maps are constantly up to date, though I haven't had a chance to put that feature through its paces.
We bought our Nuvi 200 16 months ago and have had problems finding business addresses that were established 3 years ago. I checked for updates in the beginning of winter and couldn't find any on the Garmin website. Today I went back to their site and they have discontinued this particular model and there are no updates available. What a waste of money and I feel had by Garmin. We will not buy another product from them. They dumped all of these models on the market and now they are basically useless. It really ticks me off that we went out and bought the cable to download updates.... Garmin, SHAME ON YOU!!!
The device seems to work, however, it will not communicate with my Apple machine.  I was successful in getting it to work on my past laptop after 3-4 hours of experimentation.  This last device was loaned to me and I got it working.  So I bought one for myself, and have struggled with it for three days now.  The manufacturer is no help at all. They provided me with a new driver--which was the same as the one I was using.  The issue seems to be the OS X software and the method to link up for communications.  All the Mac software queries send you over to Windows configuration--which doesn't work on a MAC.So I don't recommend this product or this manufacturer for any Apple users.
This is an extremely frustrating little device.  The hardware itself is pretty good.  The GPS is extremely sensitive, it can store a lot of log data, and it is very gentle on the batteries.  The problem is getting the data off the device.  The instructions are pretty straightforward.  Install the drivers.  The device will show up as a serial device.  Launch the software, run the setup, and away you go.  The problem is that GlobalSat's software will not recognize the correct serial port.  Even if you open control panel, look at the port that has been assigned to the device, and manually configure the serial connection, the software won't communicate with the device the vast majority of the time.The software isn't completely broken.  I have managed to get tracks off of the device on occasion, but the vast majortiy of the time it simply will not work.  I purchased the device with the intention of carrying it in my pocket at all times and recording my location whenever I went out on photo-taking trips so that I could always have a track to geotag my pictures.  Unfortunatley, I haven't been able to successfuly connect to the device for about six months, so I've had to give up on it.  It's really a shame the device doesn't simply mount as a portable drive and let you copy tracks off.  That would have made it a 5 star device.
couldnt get this to work on not one of the 3 computers i own.  tried on windows xp, win 7 home premium, and win 7 pro x64.  would like to return this product but... ha... no contact information from seller.  waist of 80 bucks!
Simply stated:  GlobalSat owes me money for messing with their junky software without success.  I bought this product and the software does not work.  The software does not recognize the com port available for use.  The actual data logger might be good, but you can not use it without the software.
I had high expectations for anything with the Garmin name on it, but I was disappointed.- The suction device is very poor and falls off the windshield after a few miles.- The holder takes two hands to operate and is very awkward to use.  Makes taking the blackberry out of the holder or putting it in a real struggle.- I did not buy the charger cable, because I assumed it would a standard USB-type cable - it does not.- The Bluetooth device has no (or very poor) echo cancelling, so the person on the other end of your call hears their own voice transmitted back to them at a slight delay, making conversations nearly impossible.  The work-around is to turn the volume way down - but then you can't hear well.- All in all I think this was a very poor purchase decision.
I was amazed by how this works when I bought the whole package before. Lost the other homing tags so i bought these. It's either this one doesn't work or the main L8CATOR device. It doesn't get recognized by the main device. Contacted the manufacturer. No help at all... Very basic questions. No troubleshooting even or a courtesy check on the device to see what's wrong. Useless device, useless service!
Never worked properly, poor documentation, unreliable.Wish it had, it would have helped greatly in my project.
When I received this GPS for Christmas a couple years ago, I liked it quite a bit. The software is good, easy to use, and easy to get used to.In late 2007, I started to notice a lot of out-of-date maps. Roads missing, roads that used to be there, etc. It would quite often have no idea where we were, placing us out in the middle of a field. This makes a GPS useless if it happens a lot. I went to go look on the website for an update, and in late 2007, the site said the update would come soon for this device. 2 months later I checked again, and it said coming in Spring 2008. Then at the end of Spring I checked, it said coming Summer 2008.It's now Feb. 2009, and as of last week the website still said Summer 2008. Now it just says "Coming Soon." I called a local dealer, they had no clue. After searching thoroughly, I found a phone number for Clarion, who said it was coming soon and to check with local dealers although they had no clue. This is the WORST support I've ever dealt with, and I'm still without an updated map.I've been forced to completely stop using this $[...] GPS because it's so out of date (date of map is 2005.) 2005! A 4 year old map and still no updates.I will never ever ever buy anything from Clarion again, and will advise all family and friends against it. This is ridiculous.
The kickstand protrudes too far, it's impossible to move the i2 up or down stairs with the stand mounted!
I had to take it off. Makes it impossible to pull up and down stairs.
This item seems on the surface to be a very good product; it was very simple to get it working with my bluetooth device, it's small, apparently fairly durable, and it's quite inexpensive.  The only thing it doesn't do is actually receive GPS signals.I can only assume that the unit I received isn't defective, as it does occasionally get a position fix, but only once in a blue moon and even then only for a few seconds before losing the signal.When I first saw the price for this item, I thought it was too good to be true.  Now I know that for a fact.  You get what you pay for, which in this case is not much.
The Mouse in this pack stinks.  I use the wheel on the mouse to scroll through web sites.  When stopped the screen bounces back and forth because the wheel on the mouse is loose.
This keyboard is nothing like the older Microsoft Natural keyboards.  This keyboard is of VERY low quality.  Keys were sticking, especially the spacebar, right out of the box.  The ironic thing is that the ergonomic design is for people that frequently type.  If you frequently type you want to stay FAR away from this unit at any price....well maybe it is worth it for the Camera in this kit but nothing else.  I ordered an older refurb off ebay of the Natural keyboard design and am happy now.  Kudos to Amazon and this supplier taking back the return though!
From the minute we got this product the mouse and keyboard did not work properly.  We went through a pack of batteries just getting it to work for a short period of time.  This is definitely a DO NOT BUY!
This is yet another (not so) cheap Chinese knockoff that fails to deliver.  It seems to be a product that was made "good enough" to put in a box and sell, but the software on it is nowhere near what I would consider a complete, functional, product.  If the software was high quality things might be different, but it's not.  The company responsible is either gone or moved on to their next sub-par product, so what you get is what you get.  No fixes, no updates.  The company that did the GPS software won't acknowledge this things existence, so once again, no fixes, no updates.The user interface is balky and buggy.  Trying to drag the map around with your finger just causes it to jerk in different directions in a way that defies logic.  When you go into screen setup options, there is only a "calibrate" utility which locks up when you try to use it.  You'd expect there to be things like brightness and contrast settings, but there aren't.  The little window that looks like it was designed for a light sensor has nothing behind it.  The things that do work seem to do so in balky or non-intuitive ways.  No useful instructions come with it.  No explanation of things like how to download MP3s to it.  It's not that hard to figure out, but still...  There's a USB host port on it, but unless they happened to put some drivers in the Linux kernel, it's a useless port.  The 20GB hard drive... works.  That's about the only good thing I can say about it.  It appears all you can do with it is plop MP3s on it and play them.  The software to actually play them is very primitive.  I doubt Apple is worried about Ipod competition from this.The thing that should be a shining light is the 7" display.  Decent brightness and good resolution, but, and you knew there had to be a but, it flickers.  It appears the processor they used couldn't drive this resolution past 60Hz (or thereabouts).  There is noticeable flicker, especially when you aren't looking directly at it, which is precisely where this thing will be most of the time.  That's inexcusable for a product like this.  The 7" display also turns out to be too large for wind shield mounting.  It's hard to put it above the dash without blocking part of your view.The GPS part does seem to work, though I've had it report me a mile due east of where I actually am.  Dunno what was up with that.OK, I can think of one thing that's OK.  They used a RAM ball mount as the windshield mount, which is a common mount for assorted gadgets on motorcycles, so I might be able to use the windshield mount for something else.If someone had hacked it and found a path into the Linux OS, you might be able to figure out some useful things to do with it, but I don't think anyone has done that.I got it cheap ($199 shipped).  I'll probably figure out something to do with it, though I'm not sure what at the moment.  I see 'geeks has pumped the price up to $353.  Don't even give this thing a thought at that price.  Unless someone comes up with a way to add/upgrade the software, don't consider this at any price.  You won't like it.
This product is complete junk. It's so bad that the manufacturer (Nextar) has no evidence of there link to the product on thier website. They offer no software or map updates. I was going to use it as a digital juke box. However, the MP3 player will only play 1 song then stop. You cannot set up playlists, or play more than 1 song in a row without picking the next song and pressing play each time. Also, It typically will freeze up after playing 1 to 3 selections. The only usefull thing I can see for this is to use it as an expensive, but flickering night light. Run Away, run away!!!!!
I bought my unit from "Woot" (never again),,, the antenna wire broke off so I had to go internal and solder a permanent connection. The on/off button broke and I now use a toothpick to turn it on. All POI's are totally wrong and there is no "fix", the print on the screen is too small for even the youngest eyes, Nextar will not support it's product!!!Useful as a navigator but there are MUCH better GPS products out there!
It seemed like working ok in the begging but POI did not work.If you do not mind using POI then it is ok navigator.The screen is 7" but the letters and the contents are too small to view.Good luck.
I purchased the GPS at a clearance center (they do have lots of really good items there as well) thank goodness I took a guarantee because I am returning it, it's a piece of junk, unable to access anything for Canada, even if you type it in, but the most disappointing thing was that you can't upgrade the software. Looked into the original setup of it and it's 2003 with some setup from March 2008, refurbed I guess, although that's not how it was advertised.
the mio i purchased here for a very low price of 300, is awesome to look at,  easy to do and enter everything  but destination,,,,, MIO support is soo lame, it is the worst support of anyone,,,to this date  june 3rd 2010maps are not updated, AND ARE NOT FREE,  you must purchase maps,  camera is 2 mpx, which is ok,  but no price,  good for what its for,,,bluetooth was good,  screen is bright,  and  at night,  the night screen is bright,,dual screen is neat, but not helpful,,,,,,GPS is  almost exact,, very very close ;;;;;;i tried to get info from MIO,  they were not helpful whatsoever,,  their website is under construction  and  calling support is just as lame,,,,  i went for the 300 dollar MIO,  and  forgot about service,,,,im not unhappy with this purchase,(price)  but service/support from MIO,  anything,  anything  would improved it,, and  to charge me  for the map updates,  how greedy are they,,,, the c520 and  the garmin nuvi 660, were other choices,,,but  for the money, mio was the deal,,,wrenchman55 at gmail  the  upgrades will  turn  this lame mapped  GPS into a paperweight, and is irreverseable,  i suggest you do not buy mio,  nor magellan which is owned  by mio,,,,asus is garmin  but  asus  service stinks  tooo,,,,thumbs  down on mio anything,  finally got a call  from magellan,  (MIO)  and was offered a cheap  POSgps,,,,AND THEN WAS INFORMED  I WAS  s,o,l,....
This is the second Amcor GPS. I returned the first one AMCOR 3900, for poor, out of the way, navigation for a promise that the replacement AMCOR 4300B would be much improved.  NOT SO.  No matter what the settings are chosen, AMCOR 4300B, constantly recalculates, and misdirects to the intended final destination.  If I did not know the correct route, I would be spending useless hours getting to the final destination.  I have read the manual several times, reset the settings, alternated the settings with the same negative results.  I have made a poor choice and am stuck with the product.  If anyone has a a solution, I would like to hear from them.  [...]UPDATE: This is now the third Amcor GPS received two weeks ago.  There is no model number as it is a demo, not for sale 2008 model.  Finally the navigation works great, BUT, volume selections are non existent.  You can barely hear the voice directions, regardless of country or designated voice selected.  I phoned Amcor again and was told I would hear from them within 48 hours.  I was also told, by this tech that Amcor was new to the GPS industry and was having data base problems.  Seems to me, that Amcor should never have released  a product that was having problems, or recall the Amcor GPS products that are on the market.  Sorry aboutthis review, but it is what it is.To date, there is no communication from Amcor.
If you read what they answered me when I lost a small rubber cover for the thumb stick, I think YOU WILL NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM GARMIN with this kind of service.read it:HI I LOST MY THUMB STICK FOR MY EDGE 705 RIDING MY MOUNTAIN BIKE. HOW CAN I FIND A NEW THUMB STICKIt is not broken, actually its working I just lost the rubber cover of the stick,I just need to buy another rubber coverRe:Thanks for the clarification. unfortunately there is not just a replacement rubber cover that is available to be sent out for the thumbstick of the Edge 705. You would need to have the entire unit replaced.With Best Regards,James Mi.Product Support SpecialistGarmin International913-397-8200800-800-1020913-440-8280 (fax) Att: James Mi., Associate #5969[...]
Navigon advertises "fits 4.3" GPS units from all major brands". The case is .75 inch too wide, over 1.0 inch too tall, and .25 inch too deep. My Garmin Nuvi200w rattles around in this case. "Yes" its a Premimum Leather case, but "no" it does NOT fit my GPS Unit. I am returning this case, paying for postage, and taking a loss of 15% for a re-stocking fee.
I purchased this unit in Feb 2008.  The hardware works great (the GPS), uses a sensitive GPS chip, and the battery should last over a day trip.  However, I was disappointed that the included software does not directly Geotag the photos (ie insert the GPS coordinates into the EXIF data contained in the the JPG file.)  Also, although the software claims that it will output GPX files, I could not get the resulting GPX file to work in other Geotagging software.  Pharos responded to my query about Geotagging - that this capability should appear in the next release of their Trips & Pics software in a few months.The software WILL show your route on Google Earth and reference where your pictures were taken.  However, without actual Geotagging of the EXIF frame in the JPG, the system is of no use for actual Geotagging until Pharos updates their software.Pharos Trips and Pics
Based on a review from someone who bought this item, who said that the software did NOT add the GPS coordinates to the EXIF file for a .jpg image, I decided to remove this from my wish list and continue to use my Garmin GPS, which works just fine for recording the GPS coordinates and I can add the data to the EXIF file later.
This is for Windows machines only.  It doesn't work on a mac.  Their downloadable "mac os x driver" is an .exe file that might run on some version of windows but it's jibberish to a mac with OS 10.5.  I would be happy to just download raw data, but that's not possible.  And Google Earth no longer supports gps unless you get Google Earth Pro, which means you need to pay more $$ to subscribe to that.  If you search for "macintosh" or "mac" or "os x" on their website, you'll find zero entries.  Mac users don't exist to these people.What's the solution?  The GiSTEQ website describes how to get their GPS unit to work with your mac: find a windows machine and go through about 15 steps, then get a virtual vista machine going on your mac, and go through about 15 more steps, then go back to the regular mac os and in 15 more steps you're finished.  maybe.  Are they kidding?  That's like saying you can read Chinese, just find a guy who speaks it, get him to translate, and read what he wrote for you.  It looks like the iphone might be the only real gps option for mac users, thanks to lack of interest by other manufacturers, who frankly don't deserve our business if they can't be bothered to make their gadgets work for us.
Not the premium product I expected. Zipper was sewn in out of alignmentand difficult to get started. Another cheap, Made in China product. Ireturned it and TomTom tried to charge me 15% restocking fee, but afternotifying my credit card company, the 15% restocking fee was debited backto TomTom and credited back to my account. Another bad experience withTomTom.
I recieved this as a Christmas gift and it worked fine for the first couple of months.  It then started freezing every now and then.  Then the touch screen would not work, when tapped nothing would happen.  After about 3 months the it was totally inoperable.  The price is good but spend the money and get a name brand GPS that is reputable.  Omnitech is not.
We got this from Staples. In order to update this GPS you have to keep taking it back to Staples, leave it with them for the day (or 2) while they update it and even then it still doesn't work properly. Why the company doesn't issue a recall and remove these from shelves I don't know. At one point it kept telling me to make U-turns. It did this constantly for about a half hour. It froze while I was on a deserted highway and I didn't know whaere I was or what I should do. It takes forever to pick up a signal when you turn it on and it is constantly in "recalculation" mode. For no reason at all it will just start saying it's recalculating my route, even after I have arrived at my destination. it doesn't stay on the windshield so I started leaving it in my cup holder instead which is more stable anyway. I'm going to buy a TomTom and hopefully that works better but this machine is a big piece of crap! Don't buy it. It'll have you stranded in the middle of no where.
I received this unit for Christmas. I didn't start using it until April and after a month the touch screen went dead. I call support ang got this verified. They told me the only way I could have warranty work done was with the sales slip, which my brother threw away. The wouldn't warranty the item so now I have a great door stop! What piece of junk and so it the support system at Omnitech. The serial number is dated less then a year and still way they would give me a RMA number. The supervisor was away the person I talked was a jurk in every way. I will never buy any product from this manufacture ever again.
Had them all, from the $800 GPS to the $100 GPS. I don't advocate spending a lot of money on a GPS..Point A to Point B is all I look for. This seemed like a good deal, seemed being the key word. Spend a little more, and get one that works right out of the box....Every bad review you have read, is true...The firmware update did nothing....but add frustration.. Even on clearance, pass this one by...
when I bought this product I thought that it was a steal of a deal!!! now I know why... it is nothing more than a paperweight.  This product stopped working for a few weeks and if you tried to get any customer service about it you heard an explaination that you couldn't understand and a website that was horrible. I have since taken this product back got my money back and bought a garmin... yes a few extra bucks but so worth it.  To this day after I asked for someone to even personally respond to my simple questions I still haven't heard from them.  Trust me this is a waste of money .. go with a brand that you can trust and has quality customer service, OMNITECH IS NOT A TRUSTED PRODUCT. So BUYER BEWARE!
This GPS unit was only 110 bucks at Staples so I figured, for 110 bucks, I don't care what the problem is, I'll just work through it, it's soo cheap.  And now, well...I realize my cheapness is a huge flaw.  I've had a TomTom, this Omnitech, and a Magellan.  This Omnitech was hand down the worst I've had out of all three (granted, the tom and mag were more expensive, but NOT by that much).This GPS worked well the first day I used it, then i turned it off for the night and the next day when I went to use it, I turned it on and it took over 10 minutes to find a satellite signal.  I live in Bergen County, (Northern New Jersey), one of the busiest, most congested areas on the face of the planet, so there are absolutely no trees around tall enough to block a signal, and it's still suburban enough to not have ridiculously tall buildings.The second problem I had with this GPS was that every 2-4 minutes the entire screen would go black.  Another reviewer said he/she had the same problem, but that the GPS would still talk and give you directions.  He/she got lucky!  Because mine would absolutely not do anything, until you touch the screen to make it go back on, AND THEN after you touch the screen, you have to wait 10 minutes to get a GPS signal.  It's absolutely ridiculous.  This is the worst GPS I've EEEEEVER had.The third and last problem I had with this GPS was the customer service.  Oh my was it bad!  The english line would ALWAYS be busy.  I called every day, twice a day, for 1 week straight!  After that, I finally go through to someone on the Spanish line.  Of course, all they had to tell me was that i must have "mishandled" the GPS and that's why it was blacking out so in her opinion, it wasn't covered in the warranty.So a week after that of just telling myself "just deal with it", I returned it to Staples and they made not of the problem.  They were extremely nice about it and said it wasn't the first time someone has returned this model before.WOW!!!!!!STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HORRRIBLE UNIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought refurb on woot. Worked for about a month, then the touch screen stopped responding. Now it is a brightly lit brick. Will take it apart and investigate.
I just got this device. Usually I would wait for awhile before rating something, but it doesn't work. It freezes every time I turn it on. I can't even put in an address before it freezes. It's like vista on crack. The thing keeps clicking, but doesn't do anything if you touch it. Judging by the other reviews, I know I'm not alone here - it's not a faulty unit. I'm about to give up and return it to the seller. Spend the extra few bucks and get one that actually works.
We bought this unit two months ago from Staples for $100.  It worked some of the time at first, but in the last month we mostly get "Waiting for GPS signal."  Resetting the unit doesn't help and we can't contact customer service for Omnitech.  It's just become a time waster for us as we try to tweak any performance from it.  We've owned Magellan and other GPS/Nav units and now believe they're worth a few dollars more.
This is my third Garmin GPS.  All have performed adequately.  I would recommend their use to anyone.Installation of the MobilePC software on a new Lenovo S12 laptop the and USB receiver is straight forward....at first.When you try to register it at [...] for updates and "free" subscription service, the troubles begin.1) [...] helpfully offers to tell you where to find the serial number, but does not mention MobilePC.  The serial number is not in MobilePC or on the box, but is on the bottom of the USB receiver, starts with "19D", and you may need a magnifying glass to read it.  You have to hit continue to get from the "helpful" page to the next web page where the serial number can be entered.2) You will be given a product key which you should record and also ask for it to be emailed to you.  You will also be offered a map update.  This update is over 2GB in size and can take a very very long time to download-it's about three CDs worth of data.  You have thirty days to do this.3) When applied, the update can take up to two hours to install. The update will direct you to follow all instructions carefully.  This will be a mistake.  Do not attach the USB receiver to the computer during the installation of the update or at the end of the install it will fail, and you will have to start over.  If the update installation asks you if you if you want to restart your computer now, do **not** do this.  It will ask you before the installation is complete and you will have to start over, so wait until the update has asked for your product key and the installation is completed before you restart.4) The update is labeled 2010 update, but when you finally get it installed it will tell you it's the 2009 data.5) The free subscription to weather, hotels, fuel prices, flights in MobilePC will ask you for an activation number which you are to get from [...].  Ignore this.  Eventually MobilePC will connect with garmin server and automatically start the services after you have registered and submitted the serial number.  You may have to restart the MobilePC a few times and connect to the Garmin server.6) I telephoned customer service, and was told there was an expected 35 minute wait, so I passed on that.  E-mail support was slow, terse, unhelpful and uncongenial.  The only thing I learned form e-mail support was the location of the serial number, everything else was by trial and error and that took six emails.I was astounded by these difficulties, as I am used to excellent support from suppliers and at worst, confusing directions, not wrong like Garmin's.  I have no idea what these yahoos (after Swift, not Yang & Filo) were thinking when they designed this product, after all, a lot of aircraft depend on Garmin products for navigation.
I have used my PC for active routing with another company for a number of years.  This looked like a nice upgrade from a good name in the business.  Not so.  The gps is probably fine, but the mapping program is limited in use and very basic.  Not a good product in my estimation.
I've bought this GPS from Amazon on May 22, 2008.Today is September 6, and I didn't receive it after 3.5 months of waiting.So do not bother trying to buy it, Amazon does not have it, and they wouldn't substitute it with another GPS, at least CSR from India told me.Thanks for nothing, Amazon!After reading other people's reviews today, I'm glad that I do not own this unit, but what a waste of time and energy trying to resolve this issue.
I have used Zoombak off and on for a couple of years but the company has changed hands as of April, 2011. I friend need to track her husband, I told her to go buy one and I would set it up. Well the unit was bad. She went and exchanged the unit. It took 45 minutes to get customer service on the phone, and then they lied to her on how long it would take to get the unit activated. She turned this problem over to me since I have had dealings with them. WELL, this is terrible. In 4 days, WAY out side the time they said they would have the problem solved. NOT!!! Customer service is useless. It took 2 hours of WAITING, and getting the comment many computer voice comment," call back at a later time" and click nothing which resulted in not speaking to any of the people that they say are there to help.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THEM AT ALL, NEVER, HELL NO!!!!!THE COMPANY HAS GONE TO POT!
First of all, it doesn't work. I tested it out on my own car to start off with and when I was driving around town it would show me home and when I was in bed sleeping at night it would show me as leaving my house. Second, it came with adhesive that I used and it fell of the car and I don't even have it anymore. I called them to tell them this and they said they didn't send adhesive when clearly they did. Third, you have to sign up for a year contract even though and Indian woman that I could barely understand told me you could cancel after one month. I don't even have the product and they will not budge on the one year so now I am paying for a product that I don't even have.
Thought I would try this item out. Purchased the unit and put it on a month to month payment plan. After 2 months, decided to cut the service off. BEWARE- they sucker you into a $100.00 early termination fee if you try to cut the service off before one year! So you have to do your evail within the 30 days trial period, then it becomes a year long contract. I should have read all the details more closely, got burnt this time. I would never do business with this company again!
The Zoombak Locator is unreliable and does not perform as advertized. The customer service is broken English and very difficult to understand. They often do maintenance on their  system during the day (9-5)  and the system is completely unavailable during. I purchased the Zoombak Locator because it was reasonably priced, that goes to shoe that you do get what you pay for!
I canceled my Zookbak after eight months of (non)use and sold it to a friend for his dog to recover some of my money. Zoombak customer service told me that once the account is canceled the device CANNOT be turned on again and is useless. It can be thrown away, that is it, no refund, no sweet goodbye. I will NEVER buy a Zoombak product and will never recommend this product to anyone. This company has no regard for the customer in any way. Look elsewhere... You have been warned
FIRST OFF: I DON'T RIGHT MANY REVIEWS, BUT PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW MY EXPERIENCE WITH THIS COMPANY.UPDATE:  WELL, IF YOU DON'T READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE YOU BUY, YOU END UP IN THE SAME SITUATION AS OTHERS......I RETURNED THE DEVICE WITH NO ISSUES TO AMAZON, AND RECEIVED MY REFUND BY THE END OF THE WEEK.  I CANCELLED MY ACCOUNT WITH ZOOMBAK 2 DAYS AFTER OPENING IT. IT'S BEEN A MONTH AND 6 PHONE CALLS LATER, I STILL HAVEN'T RECEIVED MY REFUND.  I FINALLY LOST MY COOL, AND TOLD THEM HOW IT WAS AMAZING THEY DIDN'T HAVE ANY PROBLEM PROCESSING MY PAYMENT THE SAME DAY, BUT MY REFUND WAS TAKING AN ACT OF CONGRESS TO RECEIVE.  I WAS CALMLY TOLD ON ONE PHONE CALL, "I GUARANTEE YOU WILL HAVE IT BY TUE OR WED OF NEXT WEEK."  I CALLED ON THURSDAY, BECAUSE WHY? YOU GUESSED IT, STILL NO REFUND.  THE LAST PHONE CALL WAS WITH A SUPERVISOR THAT SAID I WOULD RECEIVE A PHONE CALL FROM SOMEONE FROM THE COMPANY, AND A REFUND WOULD BE PROCESSED IMMEDIATELY.  WELL, I KNOW YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENED NEXT--NO PHONE CALL, NO REFUND. HE TOLD ME THAT IT WAS A DIFFERENT SYSTEM THAT PROCESSED THE REFUNDS AND IT WAS BEING "WORKED ON".  SO NOW I HAVE TO GET MY CREDIT CARD COMPANY INVOLVED, AND POSSIBLY THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU.  IF THIS DEVICE WORKS FOR YOU GREAT, BUT DON'T EXPECT MUCH FROM ZOOMBAK IF IT DOESN'T.  THEY FARM OUT THERE SUPPORT TO SOME FOREIGN COUNTRY, JUST LIKE ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS.  PLEASE TAKE THIS REVIEW SERIOUSLY.  I'VE TRIED OTHER GPS LOCATORS AS WELL, THE FANATIC DIGITAL AND ESCORT ENTOURAGE.  THE FANATIC DIGITAL IS SKETCHY AT BEST AND I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT.THE ESCORT Entourage PS IS AWESOME!! (I guess I mentioned I might purchase it in my original review)Escort Entourage PS Kit-0019 GPS Vehicle Tracker (Black)No problems or complaints about THAT product.ORIGINAL REVIEW:You could pretty much copy and paste anybody else's review into this one.  I was never able to get connected.  I tried updating the software for 2 days.  Had it sitting on top of a post in the middle of a metropolitan suburb, with clear view to the sky--nothing.  Was really hoping this would work. Wanted to buy at least 1 more if it even worked a little, which it didn't.  I had also purchased a fanatic digital device, which I can at least communicate with.....but that's another story.Customer service: same response here--polite, overseas help from somewhere with scripted responses.Kudos to Zoombak on their marketing, tractor-beams, sucked me right in.....only to disappoint. Not only that, there is no way to determine whether there are actual differences in the models are just the accessories they ship with the unit.  Which, is vague at best, and caused me to unnecessarily purchase the another car installation kit--which was returned with the defective device.Would I recommend? After doing more research AFTER purchasing the device, I would say the bulk of indviduals seem to be disappointed with Zoombak in some way, shape or fashion.  So, no, I wouldn't recommend this product at this time.  I will however follow the reviews, and if they significantly improve, may have another go at it.I'm considering the Escort Entourage PS:Escort Entourage PS Kit-0019 GPS Vehicle Tracker (Black)It's quite a bit more money up front, but has a few more options.
Unit can be programmed to send text messages when it leaves a predefined zone.  Several times in the middle of the night I would receive an alert saying that my daughter had left home.  After a frantic check, both car and she were safely at home.  Locating unit via iPhone was slow, often taking several attempts to connect with device.  Despite these problems, I contracted for a second year of service, then two months into contract it stopped working altogether.  Could not be located; gave up after about 20 - 30 attempts over a few weeks.  This year, when I called to complain about and cancel my service, the agent was rude and passive-aggressive.
Before you buy any product, you should always read reviews.If you read the reviews for this product and still decide to purchase it then you deserve what you get.I've read them for the last half hour and couldn't imagine anyone willing to waste their money.
The site took my money (which is required to activate the device).  And after that, the web site locks up when you try to "locate" the device...Wow.. as bad as it gets...Update...It has been over 3 weeks since I first activated my ZoomBak device.  Originally it wouldn't do anything and I called support.  After waiting a while I got a live person, but they were of little help.  The first person told me that they had "website update problems" and the site was down, but would be back up soon and to keep checking back.When it still wasn't working, I called back several days later and the person on the phone told me that "their engineer" looked at it briefly and the problem was very simple, but it would take a while to get to it, as they had many customers with the problem and they needed to be fixed individualy.A few more days passed and it still didnt work, and I called back and sat on the phone for 1/2 hour and had to go to work, so I emailed them.  I got a response saying the "engineer" was going to "focus" on my account that night.  Given what I had heard before (it was a simple problem) I was feeling better about the prospects...24 hours passed and it still was not working.  48 hours passed and it still wasn't working.  The next day the site acted a "little" different and stopped locking up and timing out when I went to locate, but showed that I had not registered units, and instructed me to register my Zoombak.  As anyone that has bought one of these knows, to register you have to pay money, and I had already done that, but being fairly desperate to get this thing working, I headed down that path again.  when I entered the device ID though, the site said I couldn't register it, and it instructed me to call customer service.  After looking at the "account" section of the site, I confirmed that it showed the device as "registered" and I was stuck again...  It was Friday afternoon at this point and I am on the West coast, so I was stuck for the weekend, as they only provide service Mondy to Friday, 9 to 6 EST.  With time on my hands, and wanting to understand, I downloaded the IOS app and tried that.  I was able to get it to work, (sortof).  It is very limited in it's functions (no zones, no messages, no battery info, etc. etc.) and the actual Zoombak only reports on it about 1/3 of the time (even when the device is in the wide open and not moving) but I did get it to do something.  Things were looking up!!I REALLY wanting to make this work, so I called support Monday morning, and after waiting again, got the same customer service person I had spoken to all along, and explained that the IOS app was working (she was surprised, and asked me several questions about it) and I also explained what the website was doing, and that it instructed me to call.  She had me turn the unit off an on several times, move it, etc. then told me there was nothing she could do, and instruction fot me to call was actually an indication the "engineer" was working on my account.  I explained that it had gone on for several days, and she repeated that he was "working on it" I inquired about her previous statement that it was a "simple fix" and that he was going to "focus" on it, and she just repeated "All I can tell you is that he is working on it".At this point I started to smell something fishy...  I decided to go back and look on Forums and Facebbok and see what experience others were having.  What I found is that the website was down since early February.... a WHOPPING 2 MONTHS and that MANY people were screaming...  I called back to ask about what I had read, and (again) after waiting 30 minutes got another person that confirmed that the website had been down since early February.  I asked about what I had been told before, and she said "All I can tell you is that they are working on it"  Being a VERY technical person, I asked what could have happened that would keep their website (and the very service they provide) down for two months.  She said they had a fire, and that all thier servers "burned" and that it "ruined their software"  I explained that didn't make a lot of sense, since I could get new servers in a few days if needed, and be back upo in less than a week, even if I had made no disaster plans other than backups..  She of course was lost, and just repeated again "All I can tell you is that they are working on it".  She then exclaimed "the IOS app works, you should downlaod that!!"  *sigh*.I explained that something smelled very fishy at this point, and I didn't know what was going on, but that any company whose entire service is dependant on their website working could not have that site be down for two months unless something was terribly wrong, and that while I didn't know what exactly was going on behind the scenes... SOMETHING was, and that I would give them 48 more hours to make this work.They then offered to switch me over to a different hardware platform that was more expensive, and I declined stating, that based on the IOS app, I knew rthe hardware worked, and If I couldn't trust what they are saying on this one, I couldn't expect anything different on some other platform.Friday afternoon rolled around and I called back in and waited, and waited... and 6PM EST passed, and the phone hung up.  I called back and they were closed.  I emailed and got an auto response saying I would be contacted.  Over the weekend, the website changed (a little) again and now showed my unit, but indicated that the device needed a "software upgrade" and to make sure it was on, communicating etc. and then hit a button on the site to upgrade it.  I made sure it was on, and for good measure tested it with the IOS app, and hit the button...  Nothing...  I tried 20 or so times over the weekend, using different browsers (just in case) and only got combination of page reload, nothing, a small window saying the site was communicating with my device and then noting, and the occasional "null" error message.  The site said that if the locate button didn't arrive next to my unit in 4 hours to call support...  but of course you can't on the weekend.Meanwhile I had family over for the weekend (I have legal tyoes in my family) and brought up this subject explaining I was getting queesy about the company and that it didn't seem right that they were continuing to accept money when they knew their service didn't work.  I had also seen several posts where people had tried to get a refund and cancelation of a one or two year service contract and couldn't.  A relative looked it over and said flat out... If what you are saying is true, this is fraud, and given communications is involved, it is federal".  You need to get your money back NOW! (more on this later).  I thought about it, and started to reconcile that even though it was agift, and I asked for it, I was likely going to have to return it, and give up.I called back in (again) Monday, and after waiting again, I got the person I had spoken most with and explained what was happening and that it had told me (again) to call in.  She stated (again) that the IOS app worked and that I should use that.  I explained that I was the one that told her it worked, and I needed to use the "zones" "battery alert" and other features that weren't available on the IOS app.  She said they were "working on it" and I politely explained that I had heard that for 3 weeks, and that I was aware that it had gone on for 2 months and I demanded an ETA fo the "quick fix"  She of course couldn't give it...I then said, OK that is enough.  I need to get a refund and send this thing back before my 30 days are officially up.  She put me on hold, and came back after a few minutes and said that they could "prorate" me some of my money back, but couldn't cancell the contract.  I just about lost it... I exclaimed that the system had never worked for me and that SHE had told me earlier I could get 100% of my money back.  In the middle of talking, she put me on hold again, and after 5 minutes came back and said that she was going to return the year subscription fee, but could not refund the $30 "registration fee" and that wasn't up to her.  I explained what the attorney had told me about fraud over the weekend, and that I would report this along with her.  She said "It isn't me, I am only doing my job".  I explained that in my opinion, she was part of that fraud, and I had her name (from previous converstaions)and it would go in my written complaint along with everything that was said and promised.  She put me on hold again, and after 5 minutes came back and told me she had spoken to a supervisor (previously she was the supervisor???) and I would get a complete refund.  She gave ne a confirmation number, and told me the refund would take up to 10 days.  I asked for an email to confirm those things and she agreed.  I got an email that didn't confirm anything "the matter was solved over the phone" and replied asking for the confirmation # and 100% refund confirmation in the email. I haven't received anything back yet.  I will call again tomorrow if I don't recieve it.Summary:  I had asked for this unit as a birthday "wish" and got it. That complicated a return of the device itself.  I therefore spent far more time trying on this to make it work than I normally would have, in addition to really wanting to make this go.  I am a VERY technical person, and do similar things for a living, and generally if it can work, I stick with it, and I make it work.While the idea is good, and I will go through the process of getting something else (probably the Spot 3) This company is horrible, and is telling outright lies and stringing people along.  Given that they continue to take money from people when they know their system isn't working, really is fraud and has no excuse.  I am hopeful, but am getting an erie feeling (based on other reveiws and what I see directly) that I am being strung along to exceed some deadline, after which they will refuse to return my money.  I hope I am wrong...I would be very surprised if they are in business in a year.  I see they have been bought by securus, though they have different hardware and systems.  My bet is that anyone unfortunate enough to buy these units will just be out several hundred dollars and numerous hours of your time.  What is really amazing as that a company this bad can survive a week today...  I will consider myself lucky if I actually get my money back for the service, and the hardware, and am only left with the biggest waste of time in memory...As one other reveiwer put it... RUN!!!  Don't look back...  Just RUN from this device and the company.Update #2:  After many calls I was able to get my money back for the service.  The person that gave the device to me is sending it back.  I bought a spot Gen3, just registered and updated it, and it works flawlessly...
Service is awful. The maps on their ads are full page. In reality, they are tiny little things on the web sight. Device is flimsy. The device breaks very easly.... And if you decide to cancel they will charge you $100.Read the small print. Once this company has you they won't let go.The only reason there are good comments here on Amazon. Is because the company offered people a free months service if they left a good comment on here. That should tell you alot about these people.
Most undependable item I have every bought.........PERIOD!!!!They say about every day when I call it may be a satelite problem or etc..... this item is not worth the hassle...buy any thing but zoombak....I am stuck with it hope you dont get pinned to the wall with this same piece of PLAIN JUNK!
It's installed on my vehicle (plugged into the cigarette lighter) and I paid the subscription price for web access.  When I sign into the website and click the icon to find the unit/vehicle it sends up a box saying "do you want to display unsecure content?"  Whether you select no or yes it takes about another 3 minutes before it sends up another message saying "unable to find device" - even though I know the vehicle is out in the open and driving along local streets.  Then if you refresh the screen it will sometimes show a map that shows the location of the vehicle to within about 1/2 mile radius.  It won't show it with better accuracy than that.  Most of the time though it won't even show that.  It will show a completely bogus location that you know the car can't be near (off by 20 miles or more).  It's a waste of money and it's definitely not ready for retail sales.  They have A LOT of work to do on this thing before it's ready for sale.
Our goal was to use the Zoombak locator for our dog, but it never worked.  In the year we had it, she ran away 4 times with it on, but the device locator wouldn't show a location (online or when I called support).  I called customer support multiple times and was told we're receiving the signal but we can't tell you where she is.  When you call customer support, they don't give you ticket numbers nor will they call you back after troubleshooting.  Instead, you are asked to call them back in 2-3 business days.  They also refused to cancel my service without charging the cancellation fee, even though the product didn't work as advertised.  I strongly recommend to not waste your money with the Zoombak.  Find a company that cares about its customers' and ensuring they receive the service they paid for.
I have had a nightmare trying to get Zoombak to correct their billing error.  After paying for a yearly service, they started billing me monthly in addition to the annual fee.  I would never purchase ANYTHING Zoombak.  Double billing is illegal and they refuse to correct the situation.  Buyer BEWARE.  This is a Crooked company. NEVER give them ANY Account numbers to your charge cards, they use them freely without your consent in an illegal manner.  You will never see your money again... they promise but Never follow through with correcting the problem. Also we had it installed but it never worked properly.  Had to return two defective units all the time paying double.  Their tracking system was POOR and ineffective.Zoombak ZMBK200 Advanced GPS Car and Family LocatorZoombak 101213 Vehicle Installation Kit
My husband bought one of these in town for $100 but I made him return it and found it for $39 w/free shipping online. Boy, am I glad I did! We put this little piece of junk in the back window of my son's car, (within full view of the sky, as the instructions will tell you) and it hardly works. The site is very slow to show you the location of the device, has a hard time finding it at all, can't track in real time, is extremely slow sending email alerts. By the time I get an alert, my son has long since arrived at his destination and I've spent way too long wondering where he is. It's even supposed to tell you how fast the device is moving, (say, in a car), but if it displays this information, it's too old to do anything about and it really only gives you a snapshot of what's going on, not ongoing information. Don't be thinking you'll be able to find a lost dog with it. You might eventually be shown a general location but by then the dog would have moved on. And all this wondrous information can be had for a monthly subscription fee! Yay! Oh, and by the way, I live in Columbus, Ohio, not the middle of nowhere.Oh, and don't suppose you're going to buy one to give it a try, then sell to some other poor, unsuspecting sap. The only way to transfer it is to "authorize" someone to be a user on the account. THEY can then change the password and redirect the billing. But wait! What if they don't redirect it? Then you'll still get the bills AND be locked out of the account! Woo hoo! It had better be someone you really trust! So I guess this will go in the trash and be a $40 lesson.What a great idea this seemed at the outset. Too bad the execution is so poor at this point. A more expensive device is probably the best idea. I'm sure the technology COULD be had cheaply, but will not be for a while. The companies stand to make too much money right now. I'm completely and utterly disappointed. Give this one a pass.
Unfortunately, I've gone through two of these devices in the last 3 years -- and they just STOP working.  The company doesn't warranty the devices more than 12 months.  Even when they do work, it's unfortunate that the tracking only worked about 50% of the time.  Customer service (offshored, of course) was generally useless.
My first unit did not work at all.  After extensive customer support calls, I had to have the unit replaced.  Second unit just would not stay on, even when connected thru adapter all the time.Useless piece of junk.  Also beware of the $100 "early termination fee."
I purchased a Zoombak GPS dog locator from EBAY and it works wonderfully. Since we own multiple dogs we decided to order the next one from Amazon since the price was lower.  The first one from Amazon didn't work properly, sometimes it would locate my dog and sometimes it wouldn't, so I asked for a replacement. The second one is not working at all. The Zoombak help desk tells me that it's because these devices are old. If the device is not activated within 6 months it may not work.  I don't know if that is an excuse or not but I'm now asking Amazon for a refund.
I purchased the Zoombak vehicle tracker and it does not work.  When I attempted to charge the battery.... nothing.  I called Zoombak customer service (very polite, but not very helpful person in India) and was promised a replacement unit.When the replacement unit didn't arrive, I called again and spoke to another very polite man in India.  This time they actually sent a replacement unit, but it too doesn't work (the light turned on for a couple minutes while charging, then the light went off and the unit won't power on).  The unit was extremely hot after about 2 minutes of charging, then 100% dead.1 star is too generous.  This is really zero stars.  It does absolute nothing.
I purchased the Zoombak device about a year go for my teenage daughters automobile. I live in southern Ohio where the sky is partially obscured by cloud cover at least 50% of the time. During those periods I have found the device completely useless. During the clear skies (the other0 50% of the time) the unit is able to communicate with the system less that 50% of the time. That means that 75% of the time I am unable to locate the unit at all. If family security is an issue I recommend finding a more reliable unit. As of this month, when my year long contract expires I plan to do just that.Junk by any other name still ends up in the waste bin at the end of the day.
I couldn't activate the device.  I called Zoombak support and was told they were experiencing a failure with their activation system and hadn't been able to activate devices for a month now.  When I asked when they expected their system to be working again, they didn't know.  BUT they had no problem processing my credit card for the activation and subscription fees.  At least I got the activation/subscription fees refunded and will be sending the tracker back to Amazon.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT, Zoombak mislead you with the month to month deal, you are really in the hook for one year CONTRACT after the 30 days period ends and if you try to cancel the service they will bill your credit card for 100 dollars early termination fee, I asked specifically if there was any penalties for closing my account at any time and the said NO, but when I tried to do so they said there wasn't any record of my conversation and I had to paid for the 100 dollars don't matter what. BAD company.
This Zoombak Sucks...Need I say more..?I just purchased it this year... 2011.Never works, takes forever (just to find out that it's not working), and it's super unreliable.Sucks Sucks Sucks...
I did not purchase my device from Amazon but being an big Amazon shopper I wanted to warn everyone about this equipment.  I had device installed on Friday, March 7, 2014.  Logged on to purchase package I wanted.  Log in took new customer info and monies that it took to get GPS started.  Web site would not do anything else.  Called 800 number that was in the box - that number went to a travel agency.  Called 800 number on the web site was told yes system was down but will be back up.  Tried all day Saturday and Sunday. Still not able to get on and track GPS.  Called Monday morning, March 10, 2014 was told that yes the system is down and has been down for weeks.  Don't know when it will be back up.  I ask for a refund for the GPS tracking package that they accepted on Friday. Was given refund.  Now I have to return the GPS device and receive refund for device.  I do not recommend this company at all.
I ordered this product and it was sent to me without a wall charger in fact the charger that was sent was a car charger and the wrong size for the zoombak so regardless i would never had been able to use it.  I returned the product with the understanding it would be sent to me again with a WALL CHARGER, only it was not.  Again I received a car charger however this time the car charger fit the zoombak.  I did not want a car charger I wanted a wall charger (not on the product box it says a wall charger comes with it).  I have now sent this product back 2x.  I will not order it again from Amazon.  I will go straight to Zoombak if I decide to get it again.It as well should be noted that I received many emails reminding me to send back this product when in fact I was sent back the day I received it.  They can't get it packed correctly but they sure can send out the emails to get it back.
Good pricing and looks like a good product.  Reviewed their three pricing option for their service plan on the Zoombak web site.  Wrote down the pricing and then went to activate the unit.  During this process I see they have a higher pricing for the service plans.  Called them and told them I wanted the pricing they advertised on the web site.  They would not honor that pricing and said this was "new pricing".  I asked to speak to a supervisor - none available but stated supervisor would call me back in 1 hour.  No call back after 7 hours.  Packed up unit and returned to Amazon.  LOOKS LIKE "BAIT AND SWITCH" ON THEIR PRICING TO ME.
Your company is a disgrace as far as consumer relations. I spent hours trying to speak to someone from customer support without success. This was after lengthly waits in the phone que , an email to customer support and a fax. I still did not hear from anyone from Zoombak. Don't advertise prompt 24/7 customer service. Try a bit of honesty.This message is directed to Zoombak and not Amazon.com. I hope they stop cheating people, U$D 500 for 2 units is more than I win in the half of month!! For god! Please people from AMAZON do something!! Help us, they do not recognize the fault and will never give back the money!! Come on, you are leaving this people cheat us
Used Zoombak for 3 weeks, stopped working. Teck support was non responsive, I emailed, left VM messages NADA no reponse. I tried to return to store, before 30 day limit and they would not take it back telling me to call Zoombak. WHY you can't get to them.Zoombak is nothing but junk......What a waste of money and time.
I purchased a Zoombak locator and needed to activate and use it the day I purchased it as I was concerned for my daughters safety. Well, good luck! I followed the outlined steps and when it came to entering the device ID I was informed that "No device matched the ID # entered". I repeated this step four times and received the same message. I contacted customer service and was informed that I was not the only one having this problem. I was assured that the Zoombak "engineers" were working to correct the problem and that it would be resolved in a maximum of 48 hours. Well, that didn't sit to well with me but what could I do. Now, over 60 hours later the problem is still not resolved and I'm back to square one with having to send customer support an email and trying to explain the problem. I will be returning my Zoombak to my point of purchase today and do not recommend that anyone buy this device. Especially if you need it for someones safety.
I was never able to use it.  The company had a couple of weeks and who knows if they still do that their program with this zoombak in particular was not working for the customer who had it.  I had to return it after many promises that the problem would be fixed so I closed the account and returned the zoombak to Amazon
I've owned this for over 3 years and they have never updated the app for the iPhone. I have a simple tic-tac-toe app for my son that has had at least a couple updates! After the iOS 6 update, the app stopped working entirely. I contacted customer service but they had no idea when or if they'd ever have an update, so I cancelled my account. Essentially this has become a $200 failed experiment. Unbelievable, in this day and age, that a company would abandon such a huge part of their customer base over something so stupid. There are 12 year old kids writing apps for the iPhone. How hard could it be?
Yes, just as the title says....We bought two of these, I called to suspend the service for a few months, (We only need them for a Utah winter business) and just before I paid the INSANE $100.00 cancellation fee the rep informed me that as soon as I do this the devices WILL BECOME COMPLETELY WORTHLESS AND THAT I SHOULD JUST THROW THEM AWAY AND THAT IF I EVER WANT ZOOMBAK SERVICE IN THE FUTURE I HAVE TO SPEND THE $149.00 AGAIN AND BUY NEW DEVICES!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!  A $149.00 device that becomes worthless when you cancel or suspend the service!  She said it was because of the T-Mobile SIM card the service operates on.  I reminded her that MILLIONS OF CELL PHONES OPERATE ON T-Mobile SIM CARDS and they are all reusable even after you cancel the service...she said "sorry that's just the way it is..."  I READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND DO NOT REMEMBER READING ANYTHING LIKE THIS.  PAYING A FEE TO CANCEL AND MY DEVICE BECOMES WORTHLESS?!!! WTF!!!!!!!!!!!  I HATE ZOOMBAK!  SO BOTTOM LINE, IF YOU BUY ZOOMBAK, THE MONEY YOU PAY FOR THE DEVICE IS A DONATION TO ZOOMBAK...I USED TO LOVE ZOOMBAK, BUT NOW I HATE ZOOMBAK.  I HATE ZOOMBAK.  I HATE ZOOMBAK. I HATE ZOOMBAK.
Zoombak claims the battery lasts up to five days before recharging. The best I've been able to get is 69 hours (less than three days).  I have no use for something that needs constant attention.I have NEVER received an alert when the Zoombak leaves a zone that I have set.
I stopped the service from Zoombak.  Zoombak has good customer's service but very bad workmanship of their products.  Zoombak replaced four devices but all of them were defective.  By selecting a reliable manufecturer and by changing the design of the electrionic circuitry, the device may work better.  I will love to come back as a customer if the device is reliable.  Thanks.
Don't waste your money on this.  The customer service is terrible (the worst I have ever experienced).  The agreement terms are deceptive.  The thing doesn't work.  The website is alwsys down for maintenance.  The battery life on the device is terrible.  Don't be misled by the cheap cost.  You get what you pay for.
I bought this on Amazon so my wife can track me when I ride my motorcycle.  Got it, read the box, went to the website and whamo!!  It looks like a bunch of suits destroyed a really good product. Unless you are going to constantly  track something, this is very expensive.  If you track 10 times a month, it comes out to almost $1.50/ping!! Ouch, just carry a cell phone.  Hell a Sat-phone call is almost cheaper when you absolutely need it.  My rating: Good idea, great product design, good price for the device.  The monthly fees are in orbit.  Read other reviews, many are dis-satisfied!
We have had the zoombak for about three months. We have found it to be unreliable so far. We are taking it in tomorrow to have the installation checked. It is very spotty in any kind of bad weather and the continuos tracking does not work well.
Struggled to activate system, it took almost one week of switching off, resetting, putting the devise out under a clear sky. It probably had to do with the fact that the software was trying to update - Finally got it working (I have advanced computer skills, so not sure others would have persevered - it was  very difficult to activate).Have been testing the devise by carrying it in the car and the time taken to send notifications when dog "leaves home" is a minimum of 15 minutes. On receipt of the message if you request a "Find" the typical response is "can not locate at the moment - please try later". Have tried the Find at many locations well within the coverage area and over 50% of the requests resulted in "can not locate" yet I was next to the devise and tower signal was excellent.I would recommend not to purchase at this time, the web site is slick as are the promotional materials but the product clearly does not work as advertised.
product failed to work when placed any place in the car.  Had trouble getting connected in the open yard, put the item on the shelf basically  a bust
Product is nice, sleek and garbage. I tried everything and will not do initial set up. I am sending this back cause it is not even accurate. Will locate within a 4 mile radius. WTF! I got another one cheaper and that is actual REAL TIME. DO NOT GET THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!
When my 9 year old expressed a desire to explore our Chicago suburb with a bit more freedom, I admit I was hesitant. Times are different, but I want her to enjoy the confidence of being able to visit friends, walk to our small main street for hot chocolate with buddies, etc. The Zoombak was going to be my peace of mind as I loosened my grip on her supervision a little bit.Initially the purchase was quite affordable at $40. Imagine my shock when I then found that I then had to pay nearly another $40 for an activation fee AND $70 for 3 months of service. Ok...I could still hang in there if the device delivered on it's promises.Sadly, it did not. With the device in my purse on our dining room table, the map on the Zoombak website showed it over 5 blocks away. For a device marketed as a way to track the movement of your child, 5 blocks is literally the difference between life and death, between recovery and never seeing them again. It is an UNACCEPTABLE margin of error.I re-synced the device, sent notes to Zoombak with no response and no improvement. 3 messages to their customer service went without any response whatsoever. At this point, I am past the return period to get my money back for the device, but I have requested a full reimbursement of the activation and service fees.I will never purchase another product from this company and will insist on accuracy documentation for any similar product in the future.
i have used this for several months , it updates itsself every 48 hours and then you have to contact customer service for them to reset. works good for a day or so then same thing! if you dont contact customer service every other day , then you might as well forget the thing working like it says! see example below! left for work at 8;30 am, did not detect leaving till 10:59am, got home at 2:08 pm , did not detect it till 5:59 pm  thats 4 and half hours !!! and that is only after i clicked on find now!  how far can your kid drive in that time? i have made 100 mile round trips and it hasnt even shown i went anywhere!went to reno for 3 days ! did not even show me leaving town !!!!!!!!10/31/2009Saturday7:59:36 PM PDT Location CheckLat: 39.211457 Long: -121.07466810/31/2009Saturday6:59:30 PM PDT Location CheckLat: 39.211420 Long: -121.07450410/31/2009Saturday5:59:31 PM PDT Enter Safety Zone HomeLat: 39.211424 Long: -121.07461910/31/2009Saturday5:59:29 PM PDT Location CheckLat: 39.211424 Long: -121.07461910/31/2009Saturday1:29:12 PM PDT Location CheckLat: 39.202914 Long: -121.06599910/31/2009Saturday10:59:50 AM PDT Exit Safety Zone HomeLat: 39.202981 Long: -121.06602510/31/2009Saturday10:59:48 AM PDT Location CheckLat: 39.202981 Long: -121.06602510/30/2009Friday10:59:25 PM PDT Location CheckLat: 39.211491 Long: -121.074563
It has been a real challenge dealing with Zoombak. I was initially excited when I learned of their product. I am currently using TomTomWork for GPS tracking of our personal vehicles, which runs $500 per tracking unit, plus installation and $50.00 per month tracking fee, per unit, which adds up quickly.Zoombak's "claimed" capabilities along with lower month tracking fee prices ($14.99), seemed to be more cost effective then TomTomWork's program.I attempted to order from Zoombak directly via their website ($249 per unit). Their web site declined two (2) different credit cards. I called Zoombak directly (Daniel), they weren't able to authorize them either. I called my credit card companies, they never received any authorization request from Zoombak, they said that there should be no problem. I called Zoombak back, Anna the first agent that I spoke to did not speak English very well. I asked  to speak to her supervisor, the supervisor's English was worse than Anna's! She basically said the it was my problem not Zoombak's.So being discouraged but still wanting the device as any "early adapter" would, I searched the internet and found it on Amazon for $60.00 cheaper, I bought it, there was no problem with my credit card! It was delivered yesterday.I went to Zoombak's website, created my account, paid the activation fee.I charged up the device for 6 hours and turned it on. Zoombak's system was not able to connect to the device, after about 10 attempts of trying to connect to the device (the unit was placed out in the yard of my metropolitan city). I called Zoombak's tech support, Felipe (limited English) told me that new units are sometimes difficult the 1st time connecting. He suggested that I turn it off and back on and wait 30 minutes for the "Que" to clear out and try it again. If that doesn't work to call back. Well, it didn't work!I called Tech support again, I didn't get the girls name (limited English also). She told me that her supervisor would contact me within 24-48 hours! I tried to ask her some direct questions, she didn't understand me, she was defiantly reading from a script.Pros - nice looking unit, not sure if it works or not.Cons - their customer service leaves a lot to be desired, 5 phone calls, 1 person spoke English. 24 hours later and numerous attempts to connect and the unit still will not connect to their system.Hopefully Zoombak will get their bugs worked out and consider hiring a better talent pool of customer service agents that speak English.UPDATE 2 1/2 years later.After bitching in 2008, they sent me a new device which worked fine. My account has shown both devices listed in my account since 2008. The defective device had an X next to it and was listed as not active.Moving forward, September 29th 2010 - I get an email from Zoombak saying I owe them $75.00. I called them up to find out what this amount was for. They told it $60.00 for the 2nd unit (defective / returned device) and $15.00 for the monthly service. This made NO sense at all, I spent 30 minutes reexplaining the last 2 years events. I asked the rep, if I have been being billed for this 2nd (defective) device for the last 2 years, he told me that he would have to look into it. As for the $75.00, he said that I would have to pay the full amount and they would credit me back the $60.00 within 10 days. I told him that was BS, it's not my fault for their lack of systems and customer service tools. He told me that it would take 2-4 days for my account to be corrected. I told him that I would call back in a few days.Yesterday (10-06-10), I get a another email from ZoomBak saying that I still owe them $75.00 and they are going cancel my service and it would cost me $100 to get it reinstated! I called them back again, same story / same run around. The girl told me, that I only canceled the 2nd device on September 29th 2010, you idiot that is when I called in last week and wasted my time for your mistake 2 1/2 years ago! She asked for a few more days to correct it in the system.Very frustrating to say the least, I wonder how they have been billing me for a 2nd device and how many other people they have done this too.As for their service, the web interface search is VERY VERY slow, it takes 4-5 minutes on a high speed connection to locate the device. And that is if it finds it! 7 out of 10 times it doesn't. Their iPhone App is junk, it has NEVER worked (WiFI or 3G) in the 6 months that I have had it.BEWARE, you have been warned!
I would not give this junk 1/2 star I have had it for two months and it has been OFF LINE(ZOOMBAC) two times for more than a day at a time. SO lets not want to LOCATE something or SOMEONE LOST .It is NO GOOD.they told me( no Refund on the unit.)Zoombak ZMBK346 Advanced GPS Universal Locator
Below is the company's response to my BBB complaint. I can assure you they never fixed the problem and NO SUPERVISOR EVER CONTACTED ME. I assume i am out $450 for trying their product. I restarted the system SEVERAL times as instructed. These people are NUTS!Our Representatives have advised the Customer that our system shows the device is powered off. The Customer explained this device is installed in his vehicle via the auto installation kit. Our Representatives advised the Customer that he will need to remove the device from the power bracket in order to press the bower button because the bracket covers the power button. This does not require completely uninstalling the kit/wiring. The Customer refused to remove the device from the car to power it on and on 11/18/2013 he requested to speak with a Supervisor. A Supervisor contacted the Customer on 11/20/2013 at 10:38am ET and reiterated that the device needed to be removed from the power bracket and powered on in order to complete the restoration of service.
I purchased the Zoombak to allow people to track me when I'm out riding on my own.  I found that the coverage was spotty at best.  I was comparing it some software on a cheap boost mobile phone with free tracking software, and the tracking ability of the boost phone was significantly better than the more expensive Zoombak device.  The techincal support department was less than knowledgeable of how the devices actually worked, so were ineffective at finding a resolution.  I was told I would get a refund on the service.  (I guess that I should check and make sure that happened.)  I would not recommend this device.
Got the unit in April 09.  Installed on motorcycle under passager seat, label/LED facing up, direct-wired to battery. Works good as far as locating the device goes for a while(see below), but will not send alerts reliabily as programmed, only works maybe 20% of the time. (BTW, I never ride with a passager, so no heavy weight on the unit itself.)Talked to Zoombak, they reset it several times, but still works sparingly at best.  I figured no big deal, I'll just get on line and locate it from time to time as the bike is seldom out of view for long anyway.Now unit cannot communicate with system for about 2 weeks now.  Contacted Zoombak on several occasion, despite resetting the unit several times (took unit out, fully charged with home charger, unplug and plug power back in, etc) LED shows green (powered up), but still cannot communicate with system.  Unit defective?Will post further finding, at this point, I do not have much confidence with this unit at all.
I have spent over 3 hours on the phone with Zoombak technical support, to no avail. Do not be surprised if you end up returning your item to Amazon and cancelling your subscription.I was unable to activate my unit myself (The Activation page said "Server Problems, please try again later" for two days) and had to wait on hold for 30 minutes until their call system HUNG UP on me. I then waited another 20 minutes to speak with a rep who FAILED to activate my device (but of course you cannot find out if it's been activated because it may take 4 hours [by then, Customer Service had closed]). I then spent another 30 minutes on hold the next day only to have a Customer Support Rep "Upgrade" my device and again, fail to activate it.I emailed Zoombak Customer Support and my email was REJECTED (unauthorized sender). So I emailed SecureUS directly, who had purchased Zoombak in early 2011. Zoombak claims to be in the process of moving to a US-based support team, which is why their response and hold times are so long. They moved their call-center in MAY 2011 - This is OCTOBER. I'm willing to be that they are too cheap to hire more Call Center Reps and the few Reps that they do have are always tied-up since their products are so unreliable.I'm an engineer, so don't think I wasn't capable of setting this product up. When I finally had the device activated and upgraded, the locator page said "Locator requires initial setup. Click Connect to continue." Well I clicked on Connect and a message appeared after 30 seconds: "Your device is currently unavailable and may be OFF." I live in an area with full T-Mobile coverage.I received what the Rep told me was a 521 model, which is supposed to be more accurate. I can see this device working well for my purposes, but it's the long-wait times and terrible customer service that forced me to back-away and write this review. What a waste of time and energy. Don't make the same mistake that I did, thinking this company was legit because they have an iPhone & Android app. I'm just glad I had my bad experience before the "30-Day No-Risk Guarantee" ran out. Run. Run far away and quickly too. This company and it's products are garbage in my book.Zoombak (Secureus) - I hope you enjoy watching your competition overtake you. You're dead to me!CONSUMERS: Try calling their 800 number before you buy. Just dial, press 2 or 3 and put the phone on speaker phone while you do something else. If their choice of Hold Music doesn't kill you, their Customer Service will!
I purchased this device for my father who has dementia, as we were afraid he would get lost.  It didn't work well as we weren't able to track him when we went on a test walk.  My father became too ill to leave the house soon after we purchased the zoombak so we never really used it.  My mother set up a credit card for the montly fee.  My mother soon thereafter suffered a stroke and was unable to communicate.  The credit card continued to be charged until the credit card expired.  We were then sent a letter threating to turn us into collection and putting a negative report on their credit record.  I've tried to communicate with zoombak to clear this up and they won't help me since I am not the customer.  I have all the account information and passwords but they still won't help.  I've even given them a legal document that says I can represent my parents but they still won't work with me.  I think they want the monthly fees so bad that the don't care about our situation.  Pretty bad when a company contiues to press you for payments under these circumstances.  I would steer clear of zoombak!
product could never work.  Tried for 2 weeks.  The company's help desk was little help also.
I bought this product to monitor the whereabouts of my car (while it was being driven by my teenage son).  I had the device professionally mounted in the dash so it would be inconspicuous and could not be disabled.  It worked great for the first 24 hours after installation - a simply click on the internet and I could see the location of the car, which direction it was being driven and the speed.  However, the device stopped working entirely after the first 24 hrs and the text notification feature never worked at all. I called Zoombak support and was told they were working on their network and the device would be down for 24-48 hrs.  I waited... after two days, the device still wouldn't work.  Another call to Zoombak and they offered to "troubleshoot" remotely which would take another 24-48 hrs.  Needless to say, there is no point in having a GPS in the car if it is not functional a majority of the time.  Very disappointing - the cost (so far) has definitely not been worth it.  Good thing it has a 30 day money back guarantee - I think I'm going to need it.
I deal with many GPS products daily as a part of my business.  This one is POOR at best.  The online map is tiny and you can't resize it so you better be familiar with the area the GPS unit is located.  You can't resize the map or make it larger which doesn't make any sense.If you call support you will get people who understand VERY little English.  They might speak a bit of it but heck I can probably sign a song in a foreign language without knowing what it means myself.  Their support group can't even understand why you are calling.  I honestly thought I had the wrong number the English was so poor.  I am not sure it would be much worse if you dialed the wrong number as they would be just as confused only the English would be much better so at least you can communicate.Currently my unit which is under warranty has a loose connection in the mini USB port.  I have yet to reach anyone at support that understands what I am talking about or understands English.Don't buy this product unless you need limited and undependable GPS tracking that's slow and full of bugs to work out.  Wait for a competitor product with a company with U.S. based support
Needs Improvement, barely lasts 5 days without locating it. If you locate the unit your 5 days will shorten very fast. Takes 24 hours to re-charge fully otherwise you will end up with 3 days of standby mode. Great size, when zoombak is located inside the house the zoombak tracking system will not see it, so it is useless when the unit is indoors. Website software is confusing and slow. Other tracking devices will track indoors not this unit- I guess you get what you pay for. I would recommend staying away from this product as it is a sub-standard tracking device and the customers service is non existent. They do not honor what they say, they cannot answer anything in writing, if you email them they request you call them and never leave anything in writing. You are better off using the tracking service thru sprint it is more accurate.Product takes too long to track, sometimes the unit does not even work directly on top of a roof of a car without obstructions, poor quality build.You cannot sell it once you have activated it nor can you transfer it to someone else. Very bad for the environment.The unit uses a proprietary power cord to re-charge, which forces  one to use their power supply when they could have used a mini usb for re-charging.  Shame on Discovery Channel / zoombak /  for creating a non eco friendly unit.Look elsewhere...
I'm very disappointed with this product.  The interface is slow, and it's not clear what it is that you're supposed to do to track the device's location over time.  It feels like it was built in the 90's.I have to say that the product isn't worth the money.  I wish it was, because it's a great idea.
There were several times I took my dog outside her zone and I wouldn't get a notification.  I would have to call and after about an hour of working with them...and staying outside the zone, they would finally get it working.  What good is it if I can't depend on it telling me if she gets out of her zone.  Plus after about two months the battery would only stay charged for a little over a day.  So if she did get out, I better hope it was actually working, and I could find her within a few hours!  Not worth it.  There is no piece of mind.
Extremely disappointed in this product! I spent $200 ( $100 to buy the device without knowing i had to pay an activation fee + 6 months monthle fee up front + $15 for every month after that ).... only to have the device not be able to connect.The setup manual says to first "connect" the device and then select "Find now"... The only problem is there is no connect button anywhere on the device or the website that you track it from.I own a software company, so by no means am I a novice in configuring technology.  I highly recommend you avoid purchasing this product from a very shady company.
I bought this device hoping to use it for a very simple HS science experiment. However it has only given us one day or accurate data about to where its location is. Some days its even 2 miles off from what we need.. When I called the service people the miraculously made it work 20 mins later and then it went right back to not working again a few days later. When i asked for a refund they said I was already commited to a contract and would not give me my money back. Terrible.. Do not buy this product its a waste and the contract is ridiculous. I wish I would have read the small print before buying..
I have "paid" for 17 months of service on 2 devices.  They have actually worked about 6 months of that time.  I installed one in each of my children's cars for safety.  The car kit does not stay connected well.  Also ZB reset their whole system on August 1st and my devices never worked since.  Finally I asked for a full refund on my service fees and counted the equipment cost as a complete loss.  Good luck on trying to contact them by phone.  They make it all but impossible.  I am still waiting for my service fee refund.  It took me 5 calls to get someone who said they would send the refund.  The fourth person discontinued my accuont but sent no refund.  They have a good idea but the execution lacks much.Zoombak ZMBK200 Advanced GPS Car and Family Locator
It was offered in a package with the scanner and has no use with the scanner.Please do not group items that do not go together.
Perhaps if this was marketed with its own &#34;free&#34; software for google earth it would be usable. as it is i had a terrible time getting it to work and after I finally got it to get a fix it just did not last it defaults to 0,0 coordinates within minutes. over all i would say dont waste your money!
Im very familiar with computers, but for the life of me I could not get this GPS to work with Google earth or GRlevel3 a Meteorological Application.Maybe someone should explain how to use the item? It comes in a Garmin box with no instruction, no way to even identify the unit on COM1, nothing.Ive got to be missing something here...
It is well-made BUT it is made from vinyl not like advertised. Not from "Premium Leather". Hey, Amazon what are you doing to your customers???Who are other reviewers saying it is premium-leather made??
While this charger is plugged into my Nuvi it causes a high pitched noise to come from the speakers of my vehicle's stereo.  It will drive you to insanity.  Charge when not in the vehicle.  Other than that it does in fact charge the unit.
We charged our Tom tom GPS with this charger and within 3 min. It fried my entire GPS. Do NOT get this product.
Really disappointed with this charger.  It doesn't work with my Garmin Nuvi 1450T.  Normally, I have to plug my Garmin into my laptop to charge it and I was hoping this plug was alternative instead of always putting on my laptop to charge it.  The plug doesn't fit into this model so don't even waste your money on it.  I really wished it did fit...
I ordered this charger for a Garmin GPS 275T. The box states AC charger for Cell Phone and MP3 players. Doesn't even mention GPS. We have three Garmin GPS's in our family, and it doesn't even come close to fitting any of them. Cannot even be plugged into the GPS. Tn process of returning item.  This was a gift for my son and I am very disappointed.
DID NOT WORK.WOULD NOT CHARGED THE BATTERY AT ALL.  LIGHT ON CHARGER NEVER CAME ON.  FOUND OLD ONE AND USED IT
Yes it appears to charge but the minute u remove it from the wall it cuts off. I wish I could get a refund; it wasn't worth buying ugh.. I feel like my money went down the drain to charge my Garmin GPS
I made the mistake of purchasing a Zoombak gps tracker.  Unfortunately, it didn't work out of the box.  I called customer service (in India).  They were very polite and sent me a replacement unit.  But, the replacement unit also didn't work.There are gps tracking devices that actually work.  I ended up buying one and it has been working great.
I am in Southern California (San Diego County) and got this device to track our family minivan, but after doing all the initial setup, configuring my alert zones, etc, the Zoombak didn't perform well. It failed many time to notify me when we were entering or leaving a Zone. For me it worked only 50% of the time, and there were a lot of dead spots. Since it uses T-Mobile and A-GPS (needs the cell towers to relay information), the coverage is not as good as other larger service providers. After trying it for a couple weeks, I had to return it to the store. I don't recommend it at all.
V7 Has withdrawn from the US market and no longer support any of their GPS products.  I got this product from Amazon, but amazon had no bearing or fault because V7 with drew from the US market.
Impractical device with regret of the site specifically and sometimes stops at a particular place in the map, especially in the desert with a mobile phone towers.
Can anyone please tell me the username and password for the mini disc ?????This device is COMPLETELY USELESS,with no real troubleshooting page and no technical back up when help is needed.....BE WARNED....DO NOT BUY !!!Al.
This seems the same device I bought directly by a Chinese site. The previous review describes the same experience I had with it.Before the purchase, I asked a lot of detailed information by email and by live chat, but the "support service" replied with the same information that anybody can read in the on-line advertisement (that is very unaccurate).However I bought it because of its very discounted price. When I have received it, I have realized something strange, it looked like an imitation of another old device I still have got. I have tested it and its standby time is not more than 24 hours, that means its working time is not more than 12 hours, that is NOTHING for a serious use.Moreover the battery charger doesn't work properly in fact I had to charge its batteries by another old battery charger.Now I am looking for the same old device I still have got, but how to understand which (Chinese) device is good amid a jungle of its (Chinese) imitations???
This is the second one I ordered. I ordered the first one from a different vendor and it works fine. The second one from this vendor is junk. I have used different sim cards that worked from my first purchase and did not work. Will contact amazon for refund.
This is very bad item, charcher is not charging, cant found sattelites, cordinates is not really, this is a toy? its for 5 years old.  i want to say who want to buy this like a toy.
Needs a SIM card and only does texting of coordinates as a reply to an inquiry text. Does not actively emit a trackable signal.
Crappy documentation. Requires you to configure it through sms!!! Don't buy this device you'll just throw it away like I did.
Did not work well at all. Would not recommend it for anyone to use. Broke the first time we used it.
Not work at all regardless of times and effort ! Want the money back ! UnsuccessfulDon't even try even it is free ,
does not work, tried with tmobile and tracfone sims. don't even risk trying it.  order 'sunvalleytek' instead, confirmed that worked with tmobile.
not real time tracking you get what you pay for {you need a phone sims card in high sight I did use aat simsif I use some other cell phone co it might of work ok?]
this is garbage the battery is not taking more than 6 hours. .you will not have value of getting it
its real bad advice its give so far position than real position for one milethe sms for link going to small map that i should zoomin it to checking the wrong positionits real baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad, baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad, baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadhow i feel remorse for buying of this bad advice and all SMS operation doesnt work just begin SMSam strange why amazon accept such on their website
this product is utter garbage plain and simple! dont waste time and buy it. It does nothing that its supposed to do. tracking is intermittent, being able to hear whats going on??? Lies!
Lastimosamente es un producto de baja-mediana calidad, el cual requiere de un conocimiento relativamente complejo a la hora de configurarlo.En Ebay se encuentra el TK102 (Nombre Original) por casi la mitad del precio; aparentemente, y de acuerdo a varias fichas tecnicas el que aqui se vende NO ES ORIGINAL.Luego de un arduo trabajo de configuracion, se logra que funcione a traves de SMS. La configuracion sugerida para la WEB es confusa y no funciona.El vendedor evade responsabilidades a la hora de dar soporte.Recibi una caja bien presentada que contiene 2 baterias (la duracion de las mismas es de 8Hrs.), 2 tapas magneticas, un adaptador para automovil, una bolsa plastica de proteccion y un cargador de baterias de mesa SIN ADAPTADOR DE CORRIENTE (Un lindo pisapapel), y el articulo como tal que en terminos generales es de buena presentacion.Considero que deberia ser retirado de la pagina.
US BUYERS - DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! DON'T BUY!FIRST _ it DOES NOT come with a US Power Plug; but it is the round European Wall Power Jack!  You'll have to find or buy a compatible US Power Plug...  Luckily I had a old one and I see it DOES NOT Work or Charge the Battery!SECOND - you have to get a compatible computer to GPS connection cord.  They provide one, but its on the same wire as the European Power Plug, so this is also Incompatible to the US Market!THIRD - You have to Buy a Totally Seperate Cell Phone SIM Card!So for anyone in the US to even see if you can use this Garbage, you have to buy a US Wall Power Plug, GPS to Computer Cord, and a Cell Phone SIM card!  So anyone saying it works, you are being Fooled!  They clearly are NOT living in the US!This is Utter Garbage!  I highly suggest everyone buy something that is Complete, and you not having to spend another $40 just to see if it works.  So far, the power light doesn't recharge the Battery100% PURE JUNK!
I am dissatisfied with the product that has expired (IMEI), so does not meet the characteristics dimensioned in the information package you purchase. are fooling buyers by selling items that have expired codes for optimal performance.I demand my money back to pay for this article
Postscript, 9/10/2013: I am today returning this device, as it has stopped responding to SMS commands. While it is technically possible I sent it a wrong command, it isn't possible to reset this device - the manual mentions you can reload the firmware, but there is no way to do that, nor is the firmware available on the included CD, or at its website. While I originally got it to work in my SUV, it stopped handshaking with the GPS satellites completely a day or so ago, and as I mentioned, now I am no longer able to talk to it at all - that can only be done via SMS, anyway, so be aware you have to have a working cellphone, and additionally an available SIM card. The latter MUST have voicemail and no-answer-transfer completely disabled, which is not easy if you're using a prepaid card. So, it may be a fun toy, but it is too finicky for proper use, and you need to be aware some SMS commands in the manual simply do not work, and very few error codes are in the firmware.Original review: I am in process of testing this device, but I am afraid you're going to have to go to my blog to read my comments and review, including pictures that illustrate the mount, I can maintain my copyright there.As others have observed, this unit works as advertised, although there are discrepancies in the commands in the manual. Most importantly, though - this is NOT a car tracker, not designed nor intended to be - there is another version of this unit available here on Amazon that has external antennas:Real Time Mini GMS/GPS/GPRS Car Tracker(4-Frequency) New version TK106. Cars are largely made of metal, and that makes it hard for a GSM/GPS device as small as this to operate from inside one. I do have it working in my Durango, but those who experience performance problems simply bought the wrong device for their purpose. Battery driven and low power, putting this unit inside anything, from a car to a house, will drain the battery in no time, if it even works reliably. I've submitted a correction to Amazon, in terms of the description, that should help.Having said all that, this tiny little device works, which is pretty brilliant, and so far has maintained both GSM and GPS connections continually, with intermittent GPRS (the GSM base data protocol) for several days (powered by an external battery via the provided USB port). Be aware that when you first turn this device on, it should have an unobstructed view of the sky, even tall buildings near your location may make it harder for it to handshake with cell towers and satellites. If you have a GSM smartphone, check that it has good signal and that its GPS navigation works well in the exact location you're testing from - if your phone has problems, this tracker will do too. For the rest, please visit my blog.
I recently bought it and did not work, if you want to waste money and time try this, completely useless. I feel cheated.
The first problem is the battery, this is not enough to last for a day. The worst problem is that sometimes on and sometimes not. When he can turn, suddenly turns off after a while though the battery is fully charged.
China makes a lot of bad stuff but this would top the list of the worst. Why I say that? It's because  when you buy stuff that are simply bad you return them but this one wastes a lot of your time before you realize this does not qualify as a toy let alone a real product like Garmin, Magellan or  other GPSs. I really think there must be some kind of import restriction on the products imported into the USA. I am sure there is restriction on import but maybe for meat but not products made in a Garage somewhere in China otherwise how some garbage like this could end up in the USA.
They print em in china and never check quality - out of two units I purchased one worked and even though, I never got location out of it: text messages with requests went unanswered, and for the check status message it responded with GPS:NO. I mean, stop making crapgadjets!
I would rate the product as 0 (0 was not a choice) because it did not meet the expectations and service; besides, the product was not in perfect conditions because the batteries did not work, and they are difficult to find. So we haven't been able to use them.
It seems that the Real Time Portable Mini GMS/GPS/GPRS Tracker is not original I discover that after a bought it. I contact the Tracker company called Xexun and they checked the IMEI code and they told me it's a copy it's not the original.
When these units works they are great. However, I have went through 3 in the last 1 month and am now giving up and looking for an alternative. My failure mode is always the same. The LED on the unit will suddenly start staying on and even if you press the off switch, it stays on. When this happens the unit will not respond to texts or calls
The manual was written in broken English and none of the functionality worked.  The maps came back in text in Chinese.
Have to charge the battery every 2-3 days.  Completely worthless!  These are not worth the money what so ever do not buy!
I was initially impressed with the Bushnell Backtrack until I used it often enough to discover that it could be wildly inaccurate roughly 20% of the time. To be trustworthy,  a GPS must be reasonably accurate all the time, otherwise it is useless.On these occasions of inaccuracy when returning to a saved location (way point), the needle would bounce around in an area of 180 degrees while  I was moving. During these times, the electronic compass was also very inaccurate.What remained accurate during these occurrences was the countdown of the miles/yards/and then feet distant from the location. One could simply orient one's travel by observing the distance countdown, but this was unacceptable to me and could  result in a lot wasteful meandering.  Meanwhile, the arrow would point in the wrong direction by as much as 120 degrees as it bounced about erratically.Apparently, one cannot trust a GPS in this price range.
Item shipped was actually a Triton 300.This GPS does not have an SD card slot for the enclosed SD card!None of the enclosed software worked - at all!Computer (on Vista) says "unrecognized USB Device".DO NOT BUY!
Buyer beware. Don't purchase the Magellan with the National Geographic Adventurepack. We have returned multiple times and find the maps are not compatible. The version of TOPO packaged with the Magellan was 1.2.1.0. We have tried for three weeks to get tech support from National Geographic in Evergreen, Colorado. You will only get an email that says we are working on the problem. How can they ship out and sell a product that has not been tested prior to shipment. I talked to a friend that returned 2 of these packages back to Walmart where they indicated the product is coming back in droves. This is a highway robbery on the part of National Geographic TOPO and Magellan for letting it happen.
I bought a Visiontac GPS 900 unit - its new. Problem is it does not log gps coordinates most of the time. When it does, it is eratic, no speed is recorded, the altitute is wrong, etc.  Went to Visiontrac website to fing their email address for technical support is wrong.  Found an email address after searching on the net for customers with similar problems.  Sent them an email - no respone.  My problem is not unique as many Visiontac custmers complain about the same issues.
I bought this device so that I could take it with me on my trip to Peru (I am still on that trip).In non-mountanous areas it would have at best accuracy on the order of *miles* and would fail to log data for minutes at a time.  It often logs my altitude at 150m, which is simply wrong (altitude should range from 2800m-4000m).  The plot of my data on Lake Titicaca is horrendous, yet there was absolutely no sky abstruction.I am assuming right now that my device is messed up.  I have emailed Visiontac support twice so far with no response.I have a seperate Bluetooth GPS (Holux, the one that is just a receiver) which has not failed me yet, but it isn't a 'data logger'.I am very disappointed and rather pissed off!
I received this skin and noticed that it looked small.  I thought that it might only be intended to cover the viewable area of the screen, as opposed to the whole face, but after applying it I noticed that it doesn't even quite do that.I have reached out to ZAGG's and they have basically told me "tough luck, yeah it doesn't fit the 600".
Even following the directions, if you have not installed one before you will mess it up. These things are touchy.I got a very small hair under mine during install, no fingerprints, looked good other than that. I didn't know how good I had it. It was easy to do that so I figured I'd peel it up, wipe the hair away with the little applicator sponge and put it back on. Very bad idea, protector streteched, left lines under it at the limits of peeling, fingerprints in the adhesive/sticky part and where I wiped the hair off there was distortion in the adhesive. Looked like crap. Should come with at least two as they are so easy to screw up and have to cost almost nothing to produce. So that was $15 into the garbage, order two if your really want one.
I bought this screen protector for my Nuvi 370, unfortunately the screen protector is smaller than the Nuvi screen so it looks bad.
Unfortunately the screen protector is too small for the Garmin 360.  I should have read the reviews before I purchased the item.  I will say, the company ships very fast.  Too bad their ad is misleading.
The instructions were very complicated; you apparently need to be an engineer or computer guru to set this thing up. It is not designed for the average or above average computer wise person. A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT
We bought the product from Sam's Club for $79. Beacon works nicely software does not. Big F on customer service... & NO online support at all.We followed installation exactly as described. Nothing but error message saying not compatable ...Directions are on a small hard to read booklet, I have good vision but needed a magnifying glass to read it.  It has NO troubleshooting section nor does their website offer any.Again. Pass on it go with any other brand and AVOID wasting your money and your time!Anita from TN
Very poor precision GPS tracker.....returned it and purchased a much better live GPS tracker for $30 more and a small monthly fee.
I purchased this unit from Sams Club for $79.95. I found the instruction manual to be less than adequate for setting up the unit, so small you can not see it with 20/20 vision.  Had to contact customer service which took for ever with little results.  I returned this "piece ofr junk" back to Sams Club and purchased a TravelEyes on ebay.  Cost a little more, but much better unit.
The readings that my device produce are just not consistent. If I leave the receiver in one place, the elevation varies by about 20 meters from reading to reading and the location jumps a similar distance horizontally. The compass is similarly inconsistent. After calibrating it 3 times, I still get a reading that varies by about 30 degrees depending on my orientation.I am not impressed.Amazon claims that the list price is $159.99. Who's the jerk who paid that?Update: Now it thinks that I zip from California to India several times a day. This renders the tracking feature pretty much useless. What a piece of junk.
The unit went off and never start again after I use it few times, tried to charge it but never worke, not worth to send it back because the overseas shipping charges high, also the battery dose not last as long as they say.
After purchasing this product I updated once. The company conveniently lost all my information. When I contacted the company they wanted me to pay for another update. I was supposed to get 2 years of updates. They refused to honor my purchase. Coincidentally the company stopped dealing in North America.
I ordered this product for a Garmin 1350. But it isabout half the length of the device itself. It is wellconstructed, though without a belt loop or shoulderstrap. The case should be coordinated with the productit is advertised as holding. I want to add, though, thatAmazon handled the return in a completely simpleand efficient manner.
This case does not fit very well for the 4.3 screen.  It stretches the elastic and looks like it would break very easily.  It also doesn't protect the larger screen.  I think it would be perfect for the smaller GSP
The description is wrong.  It won't fit a 4.3" GPS.  It's only for smaller models.
this was way too small. I verily could get the GPS in it. It needs to be a lot bigger. Plus you can't put the wires and all with it.
I should have read the reviews that warned about how short, or small, this product is.I am extremely disappointed in this product and can't understand why it is marketed as a solution for a 4.3 inch device.
This carry case for the GPS is a waste of time. You are better off with a zippered case that can also include the charger.
Probably I read things wrong, but I thought this was supposed to fit my Garmin 1450LMT.  Not even close.  I sent it back.  No problem.
This case is to small for the Garmin 4.3 screen very tight fitting, string looks like it will tear.Sent this back right away.Look for something else for your 4.3 screen.
I like the physical feature of it. It is compact, and I also like the mounting device where removing and putting in are very easy. Unlike the other GPS by another manufacture, the body doesn't get hot as I use it for hours.However, I have problems with navigation. Since I haven't tried Tomtom's other products, I want to clarify that I am not writing about Tomtom's products in general. It's just this model 140 (not 140-S).When the vehicle is going very slow, the positioning gets quite off. It's like the unit is really drunk or something. And in some locations, even outdoor, the unit gives incorrect positions. It can be as off as 700 feet or so! This GPS is a positioning system with a poor sense of direction.On freeways or highways, the unite gave me a very good directing, even better than other more costly units by other company's. Since driving around in residential areas with this unit got me lost, I cannot recommend this to anyone.I give you an example of how bad it can get with this. As a test, I set a destination for only 10 blocks from where I was. I can physically get there very easily without violating traffic rules. But this GPS gave me a route that goes farther and goes around the town, totaling 1.5 miles of driving.When I put back to the factory setting and try the same thing, each time I reset the device the route is different. In order to go just 10 yards, this GPS makes me drive a few miles. What a waste of time, gas, and life!I ordered another GPS by a different manufacture with very good reputations, and as soon as I receive the new one I will be returning this GPS.Perhaps if you buy a TomTom product with good reviews, you may not have much of problems. Just don't get this one! Get something else.
I found this product very disapponting.  My husband and I both worked on the gps following the directions provided, but we could not get it to work.  Furthermore, when I went to return the product, I was very disappointed to find I was faced with a restocking charge, even though I felt the product was defective.  It was also difficult to return it to a post office box.  I finally had to get Amazon involved.  I feel it was unethical to have charged me both postage and restocking charges for a product that did not work!
The idea is a great one, but this product is lacking quality control.  I returned two of these..both with the same defect (screen problems).The unit appears cheaply made and will not last.I originally requested that Amazon send me a replacement when the first one stopped working after 3 days.  The second one had the same problem and I returned it for a refund.  Unfortunately, Amazon withheld $20 even though both units were defective.After this experience with ECCO, I started looking around and found the Bushnell "Back Track" which I love.  It is well made and works great.  It is a little larger than the ECCO, but about half the price and much better made.Also, I purchased the "Back Track" from Costco and their return policy is much better than Amazon's so I'm confident that this was a better choice.
Update!  05/04/12 (I'm listing the update first so you can see the manufacturers response!)I tried to contact the manufacturer to see if there is anything that can be done with the unit in an attempt to salvage the Trackstick Mini. All I did was to ask for an address, nothing more! This is the response I received (direct quotes)"STOP SENDING THESE EMAILS TO US!!!!!!!!!""the multiple emails that we have received from you which would blatantly show harassment""Review" - The Trackstick worked well for a short period of time. The unit now does not power up, and after taking it on a trip of several hundred miles recorded NOTHING! Tried re charging, powering off/on numerous times, all to no avail. Of course by now it's just out of warranty but besides that please be aware customer service from the manufacturer is non-existent to down right rude! I now own a $290 piece of plastic that lives in a drawer. As per the other reviewers that experienced the same problems, buyer be ware!
I bought the TrackStick Mini with great expectations. Since then I have spent several days experimenting with it and have found its performance to be less than spectacular.I found that it takes nearly 15 minutes in some cases to get a fix on enough GPS satellites. In some cases, such as when in my shirt pocket, it never does. Furthermore, if the device doesn't detect motion for five minutes, it powers down, after which it must have to reacquire satellite signals. As a result I have seen it go for a long time without making any measurements at all.I carried it with me all day, during which time I was in and out of buildings (much of it inside while I was at work). At no time while I was inside did it make any measurements. It seldom took measurements even when I was outside. My drive to and from work takes about 20 minutes and only occasionally did it take measurements while I was on the road. In contrast, my TomTom was easily able to acquire a GPS fix in less than a minute.I did find that when I left it out on the car seat next to me, it got a GPS fix in a few minutes. However, this isn't the way I wanted to use it. They advertize that it has a 360 degree antenna. Presumably, I should be able to carry it in my shirt pocket. However, when doing so, I found its operation was intermittent at best.I see other reviews refer to talking with tech support. I did not find a number to call, only an e-mail form to fill out. I filled out the form describing the performance issues and asking whether I was using it right. I have yet to hear back from them in over a week.So far, I don't think the Trackstick Mini lives up to the claims made in the advertizing on their website. I would like to see if there is some way to improve its performance. The idea behind it is great. It would be nice to see it live up to its intended use.5/28/11 Update: I hoped to use it day hiking in the Black Hills, planning to use it to tag my pictures from the hike. I turned it on in the morning and ran it all day, wearing it attached to a lanyard, like a pendant, just under my shirt. When we got back from the hike, I downloaded the pictures, then the contents of the Trackstick. It had recorded NOTHING!!!I think this thing is unusable. It is going on the shelf. When I get home I will try to get ahold of them (again) and find out whether they can replace it or refund my money.
I bought the Trackstick MINI for logging vehicle use in my company.However, despite the fact that I followed all the instructions, the product DOES NOT WORK AT ALL.I sent many emails to customer support but did not receive at least ONE REPLY !!!!!!Different from the add,  the light NEVER turned green, so it does not track anything EVER. The satellite signal is good, as , at the same time, my TomTom GPS is working perfectly.I want to get my money back.Hello manufacturer. I am waiting for your contact !
This tracker works very well- when it does work.  Excellent software, great reports, great tracking.  It broke within the first three months of usage, however.  I returned it directly to the manufacturer and they promptly replaced it with a new unit.  Six months later- it stopped working again.  The unit would again not take a charge or power up.  At this point, I was tired of the hassle and just went with a different brand of tracker.
I could not have been more disappointed with this product.  The Trackstick mini can record 16,000 data points.  I'm taking a week-long trip, so I set the unit to record 1 point per minute; default is 12 points per minute which wouldn't make it for a week before the memory filled up.  As a test I took it on a 12 mile canoe trip.  When I looked at the data, all the points it recorded were for the exact same location.  It looked like I was in the exact same place the whole time.  The trackstick was in my front pocket while in a canoe - no problem seeing GPS satellites in those conditions. I contacted trackstick support and this is what they told me: "Changing the record interval is not recommended since it will yield results exactly as you describe."I amazed for such an expensive device ($290), they can't get simple feature like this to work.  I'm going to return it.
another unordered thing coming from amazon. Killing the goose etc etc??? My responce is to never again order anything here ever, ever. Adios Amazon
I love GPS technology.  That said, this product comes up short.  It is only accurate to within 100 yards, and will actually point you in the wrong direction if you get to close to a stored coordinate.  Even with all the recalibration, it fails all but the living room recliner test.  You won't be able to find your car in the Walmart parking lot, and you won't be able to find your hotel in AC, if you depend soley on this product.  It fails to work at all in cities and other areas with anything that might be reception from above.  Save your money and skip this purchase.
This item is listed as a case for the Garmin 1390/1390 4.3 inch screen when in reality it is made for a Nintendo DSi and does not fit the Garmin and it's cables as described.
I bought this case in the checkered pattern.  It is about twice too big for the FLO TV and should not be held out as a case for that product.  To return, I have to pay a 15% restocking fee, return shipping and lose the original shipping costs.  DO NOT BUY THIS FOR FLO TV.
It looks like this case was made for another product and passed off as for FloTV.  It is too big for the product and the costs of returning it are too high to bother.
this product is bulky, too big for FLO, and generally ugly.  It does not seem to be made for FLO at all.  Worse than that, the service by the dealer was terrible.  It took FOREVER to receive the item. This case was to be the companion item to the FLO for a birthday gift.  There is nothing like being handed this crappy item over a month past the occasion.I have previously written a negative review of this item to the supplier, and was offered the item free IF i retracted the review.  I'll pay for the item simply for the satisfaction of publishing this review.  I don't respond well to BRIBES!
I bought this case in the checkered pattern for FLO TV. It is way too big for that product and should not be held out as a case for FLO TV.  I had to pay a 15% restocking fee, shipping charges to return and lost the original shipping charges.  Suggest instead the hoodie camera cases on Amazon, which fit much better.
This is being marketed as a case for FLO TV, but it is WAY bigger than it needs to be for FLO TV.  Keep looking for a smaller case.  I am sorry I bought this.
During my second use of this charger, the metal collar pulled out of the plastic plug, leaving it useless.  I was able to repair it with a little effort, only to have the same thing happen two more times.This charges does the job, but is very low-quality.  My recommendation is to spend a few bucks more on something that won't leave you stranded.
The description said that the device can change between Fahrenheit / Celsius and feet/ meters but did not actually work this way. I exchanged 5 emails with customer service ( and they did try and did respond quickly) but to no a avail, so the device is basically useless to me.
I bought this based on 15+ years of experience with Kenwood products, and expected a tough and reliable marine head unit for my pontoon boat.  This stereo didn't live up to any of my expectations.  It did sound good, but that's about as far as it goes.  The interface is counter intuitive and controls are clunky.  The unit is completely unreliable.  It failed after less than a year, and I had to fight tooth and nail with Kenwood to get them to honor the warranty.  It was the worst customer service experience of my life.  Four months later and I still haven't gotten it back.  Do yourself a favor and save your money to get a higher quality stereo.  This thing isn't even remotely close to being hardy enough to withstand the tough conditions that it will encounter on a boat.  You might as well take your money and throw it right into the lake.
This is one of the worst CD players I've ever had in any vehicle. Unit shuts off when touched or a bump is hit. I agree with the other guy, if you buy this you may as well throw your money in the lake. Unreliable and crap.
I have owned two Garmin Nuvis and one (late) Dash Express, and bought this to replace the Dash Express for its traffic capabilities.Unfortunately, this is a barely-usable device, and I am returning it.1. The processor is so slow that by the time you wait for it to figure (and recalculate) a route, you won't be any better off than if you just drove into a traffic jam. Is there a gerbil inside calculating routes by hand (paw)?2. At least on this unit, the screen sensitivity had some HUGE problems. You would tap on a letter, and nothing would appear. OK, then I would tap a second time, and the letter would be returned in triplicate! Fine, backspace. But now the backspace doesn't work. Oh wait, now it backspaced over the entire word! You get the idea.3. The traffic icons are so huge that they pretty much bury the road network; it's tough to see much, or make sense of anything.4. Want to pan the map? Good luck! See #2, above. Maybe it will pan, maybe it won't, maybe you'll end up in another state.5. Recalculating...recalculating...recalculating...recalculating...recalculating...recalculating...recalculating...recalculating...It's too bad about all this; it would be nice if Garmin had some serious competition in the stand-alone GPS market.
I don't write many reviews (the ones I have written, however, have been positive) however I must say I am very disappointed with this product. I had decided to "upgrade" my Garmin Nuvi 760 and had researched these units quite a bit and finally settled on the TT XL 340 Live (mainly for the continually updated maps and lifetime traffic).Problem 1: The lifetime maps/traffic code that was included with the unit DID NOT WORK. Several calls to tomtom customer service were required to finally get them to "approve" the code that was INCLUDED with the unit when purchased. I had to send photos of the receipt, the unit, and the documentation included with the unit. Took about 2.5 hours on the phone with them to sort all this out. Unfortunately, my case was not an isolated incident (which I found out later...many people with similar problems...)Problem 2 (which was the breaking point, and cause of return to Amazon): The unit continues to crash! I will be driving, when, randomly, the unit freezes and restarts. I then have to re-enter the destination address...Very bothersome. Spoke to TT tech support SIX times. I reinstalled the software so many time my head became numb. And, I hate to say it, I consider myself quite technically proficient, this was not a problem on the user's end. Tech support was useless. They gave me the same run around every time I called ("let's try the same thing again, maybe it will work this time...")That being said, the unit looks nice (except when it's bright outside), the traffic feature works well (albeit intermittently). The best (and most positive feature) is the map. Gorgeous. Very readable. Better than Garmin/Navigon hands down.I have requested a replacement, hopefully the new one will fix these issues.
As many others have noted if you update this Tomtom, you will not have a working GPS. When you turn your GPS back on it will show no maps found. I would look for another GPS until they decide to fix the problem.
I bought the tomtom 340tm live and have had nothing but nightmares.  After a week and a half of phone calls and waiting on hold while they helped other customers for 3-4 minutes at a time, they agreed it was broken and sent a label for me to return the item for replacement.  Waited for fedex.  Hooked up the new device, very excited.  No room for the map on the device.  15 minutes on hold.  Remove tomtom files from computer and reload.  Map downloading takes a couple of hours-you should be fine.  No dice, still no map.  Call back with reference number, wait on hold for 15 minutes.  Remove again.  Update.  Will take too long for me to stay on with you, call back if you have trouble.  An hour later everything appears to be working.  Get in car with shiny new device.  No live services.  Call again, wait on hold for 10 minutes.  One hour and 6 minutes later I am told that I can mail back the new device and they will send me a new one, but first I need to check how long you have had the device.  Five hours I answer and I spent most of that on hold with tomtom.  They will not give refund.  Never again.
PROS:  Navigates well (accurate streets and turn times) and I really like that it gives you the allowed speed, the speed you are going and a warning (if you choose this option) for a designated "miles over" mark...WHEN THE UNIT IS ACTUALLY WORKING.CONS:  Web-site updates are difficult to navigate and (in our case) did not ultimately update AT ALL.  The "Lifetime Traffic and Maps" was the very reason I chose this unit.  If something, heaven forbid, goes wrong...you will NOT RECIEVE HELP from Tom Tom support.  I have made at least five calls about our not being able to update our maps.  LONG story short, I received many of the standard "We are sorry you are having trouble" apologies in very broken English but NO RESOLUTION for the problem.  I never actually had our maps updated in the entire year and a half I have owned this unit.  I have made at least five phone calls about an error message that appears on the screen (our unit was never dropped or mistreated) and there has been NO RESOLUTION for this problem either.  Again, no one that can seem to understand and comprehend the problem but always a follow up e-mail saying that the "case will be closed" in three days if they don't hear back from me.Whatever Tom Tom VP oversees Customer Support needs to contact LL Bean or Land's End to find out how a company serves and retains customers.  I would NEVER EVER recommend a Tom Tom to anyone.  If something goes wrong, you are way up a $250 creek with no paddle at all.
Very good when it works, but suddenly shut down and restarted.Several ocaccions, in the middle of the highway is out and has lastedmore than an hour rebooting.Under these circumstances, I had no choice but to stop in the highwayand wait until the Tom Tom back to work.For this reason, I would not recommend to anyone.At the same time I feel cheated.Ah!. I want to clarify that only three months ago I boght it.
Please don't waste your money on any TomTom unit.  I have owned he the XL340 Live TM for just 2 years and have had major issues.  1st it takes 5 or 6 minutes to start up if you have just landed in another  city.  2nd, the touch screen is unresponsive and inconsistent; particularly when entering address information.  3rd the mount, while improved from older models comes apart easily when adjusting angle and tilt.  The unit unsnaps too easily for from the mounting ring. 4th despite the fact I paid for the "better" lifetime traffic system (that's right the free traffic system that comes with the unit is very limited) I continue to get anoying messages saying that my subscription is about to expire.  5th, the USB plug is very difficult to plug in the unit, and about as difficult to remove.  6th Live Update capability stopped working after a recent map update.  It says I have a bad SIM card.  7th, the map and unit update program, tomtom home often errors out on map updates.  (I use the Mac version).  It has not been uncommon to have start a download all over 2 to 3 times.  Last, you cannot download an address from Google maps using the "send" feature to this unit.  In short, the unit is a huge disappointment  compared to earlier TT units I have owned.
I received the TomTom XL 340TM LIVE today. I have navigation and SYNC in my Ford. My sons both have GPS units, so I am familiar with their use, but this is my first portable unit.In the box: the GPS unit, a mounting bracket for your windshield, a USB to mini USB cable to hook unit between your computer and unit, and 12 Volt car adapter unit to keep charged while in your car. There is also a card with the Promotion Code to activate your Lifetime map updates. More on that later.I turned the unit on (switch at top that you hold for a full second). I connected the unit to my computer (MacBook Pro) and found that the software in the unit is for Windows. So I downloaded the application (called TomTom Home) for the Mac from their website. After restarting the TomTom, everything worked fine. The software loaded and recognized my TomTom. Through this interface, you can update, download, etc. all kinds of stuff. One of the choices on the software interface is to enter your promotional code to get your lifetime maps. Entering this code many times failed every time, it kept coming up "Error, try again". I will have to contact TomTom to see what is going on. I will update this review tomorrow with my experience with their Customer Service.Using the software on my computer while hooked up to the TomTom, I easily navigated to the many choices and preferences. I deleted all the foreign voices, moving them to my computer in case I wanted them later, in order to free up more space on the TomTom. There was only 140 mb of space left out of less than 2 Gb. There seems to be no place to add memory to the unit. Not sure how this limited memory will affect me in the future when I do map updates, add voices, etc.I chose a different voice, and an icon for my vehicle in place of an arrow whenever the unit is navigating. I updated all of the maps (a one time feature unless you have lifetime map updates, which I presume I will have when I get the Promo code thing handled with customer service.The screen is very bright and clear, plenty big for my eyes. A slight negative is the slow response when you touch the screen. You must be somewhat deliberate when you choose or type.The mounting bracket includes a suction device that you rotate when it is against your windshield to create suction. There is a ball joint so you can rotate your TomTom unit to the best viewing angle. Out of the box, this ball joint was so tight you could barely move it. However, if you look very close you will see two rubber plugs that you can easily remove that expose the small phillips screws so that you can loosen it up a bit. After adjusting, the moveable ball joint works great.I noticed right away that my current location street name was not available, even though my street has existed for almost 7 years. Fortunately, you are able to actually rename the street, and even make it available to TomTom headquarters through the software/internet connection.Since my own in-car Ford navigation system is always screwing up the best way to get somewhere, I decided to test the TomTom against it by putting in my trip to work. The Tomtom will allow you to see a demo of your route, or you can see a text street by street directions. The TomTom perfectly navigated me to my work location the same way I go to work. I have many alternate routes, but TomTom truly picked the best one.There are so many cool features, like points of interest, emergency numbers for police, fire, hospital based upon where you are. The voice I chose is very clear. The touch screen controls are very intuitive and easy to learn.So far so good. I like the portability (use it in rental cars or when driving in someone else's car on a trip). The unit is very solid and seems well built.I will update this review as I get more experience, and after I deal with Customer Service regarding the Lifetime map updates promo code not working. The Lifetime map update feature is a must, as the cost of updates can quickly exceed the cost of the GPS unit itself.UPDATE: I contacted TomTom today and was told that they would fix the problem with the fact that my Promo code will not work. They set up an Incident order that I can access on their website. I had to submit proof of purchase and Promo code card (I sent as pdf files). Now have to wait two days and call them to let them know they have the documents. Yes, I HAVE TO CALL THEM AGAIN TO TELL THEM THEY HAVE AN UPDATE TO THE INCIDENT ORDER! They tell me that they will then manually enter my lifetime map update into my account. They told me that the lifetime map update system is new, and not working perfectly yet. We'll see.Also, I charged my TomTom via the computer last night. I used it today, and after 30 minutes, it says battery is low. I will charge all day again today and see what happens. Based on this, I will make sure I keep the car adapter with it at all times.UPDATE NO. 2: TOMTOM responded to my incident request by email and put in the lifetime maps into my account. I am downloading the updated maps now. It says 1 hour 45 minutes to download. VERY SLOW connection. Must be USB 1.1, and/or TomTom's website server is ridiculously slow.Also, I did fully charge the battery again, and sure enough, battery was low within an hour. I have no clue how you could use this for a walking trip, away from your car charger. I am wondering if the battery in this thing is defective. It says estimated autonomous battery life of 3 hours. Not my unit. Would have to purchase external battery pack for this thing if you are going to be using out of the car.I reduced my rating to 3 stars because of this and the map update issues.UPDATE NO. 3:  This unit is a nightmare. I had not updated for a while, so I hooked it up to download the update. Once again, it says it downloaded and installed, but it really did not install the current map. It shows that an old map is installed.  In fact, it now says my map needs to be activated again. Will not accept my activation code again. Now the unit is unable to be used. Cannot use the old map, cannot download the new map, cannot activate. I took out all maps and downloaded again. Doesn't work. TomTom support is worthless. On the phone again for an hour trying to get through. I have really needed this unit about 5 times since I bought it, and each time I had to go to mapquest because it wouldn't work.
I liked the XL 340TM in use, but updating the maps was a real chore one slip up and the GPS is worthless.  TomTom support is a matter of them instructing you to do this and that until eventually you give up.  I kept telling them that TomTom Home would not recognize the device, they would reply, try this and that then update the device with TomTom Home, as you know if the device is not recognized it sure will not be able to be updated.
I've used various GPS units over the years form every major manufacturer and this is my first (and last) tomtom product.  The first problem is that if you update it out of the box, it will lock up the system because there is insufficient memory to load the updated map set.  You must first delete some files you won't use to make room.  If you're very computer literate, you can work around it but if not, you'll basically have a dead unit on your hands.Once you get it all updated and ready to use be prepared for it to lead you onto "roads to nowhere".  On three different trips, it has taken me onto roads that either dead ended or led completely away from my destination.  This has never happened with any of my Garmin units.The POI database is woefully inadequate.  I often tow a 20' trailer and like to use the easy in/easy out feature of Interstate rest areas.  Well, according to the tomtom POI data base, there are only two rest areas from Maryland to Florida - worthless.The proprietary "HOME" interface is a cumbersome and archaic way to talk to the device and backups of the unit can take over an hour (you can do it in Windows in about five minutes).  Finally, tomtom must have the worse suction cup mounting system in the industry.  The unit pops out of its bracket way too easily and the "wheel" that tightens up the suction vibrates loose within a couple hundred miles of travel.Are there any good points?  Barely.  Lock on is quick, the unit is usually ready to go within thirty seconds.  Battery life seems good although the life indicator goes from fully charged to one bar within minutes.  It will stay on full charge for hours but when it drops, it drops fast.Fortunately, it's a relatively inexpensive unit and I do like lifetime maps and traffic but since Garmin has followed suit in that regard, I will be going back to them.  There is a reason they are the leader in the industry.
I've bought this for my ipod touch 4g and it had my hopes up but everything changed when i got it :1. it doesn't work with ipod touch 4g which wasn't mention at the beginning , actually even now they just say it works with ipod touch 1,2,3G but anyone who owns ipod touch 4g shouldn't buy this.2. the battery charging works really bad as it doesn't charge rather than it tries to keep the battery at its certain status e.g. : if the battery is at 50% it doesn't increase it but more likely it keeps it longer around 50% .3. i've tried it with an older version it worked fine but it runs out of battery very fast which is also weird as one of its main purposes is to charge the ipod !!so overall , it doesn't worth it.update :i've contacted the company and they told me to wait for an update ?!!so i've spent 200$ for nothing !!!
Okay Update: August 12 2010After I sent them two emails, I got a reply back that wasn't very helpful in my mind. Nothing about the coating peeling was said, but they did want to offer me a $50 gift card on the tunes store of which I don't think I will take. As if you try and remove Navatlas I am given a pop up saying that" Application Not InstalledThis accessory requires an applicationyou do not have installed.Would you like to install it from the App store? "So in my mind what's the point of having a app that does not work and if removed will always give me a pop up, this is using ISO 4.0.Honestly the company has some real problems with the app and gps cradle, even so that apple have removed there unit from the store page. If you want a GPS device for your touch, I would wait for them the gather there collective brains and fix there issues or buy another brand as I have wasted $200.Things that have gone wrong for me.Coating peeling from unit.12v cigarette adapter giving of interference to stereo receiver.
Stay away from this.  Took a chance and it was junk as described by others.  If you decide to ignore the bad reviews, buy from Amazon so you can return it hassle free, you'll probably need to.
This product doesn't work for crap, and this is the second one I've gotten of this model. The only time this GPS tells me where I am at is when I first turn it on and that's it. I am unable to create any kind of route with it and I"m using there own NAVATLAS app that is made for this model. In fact this GPS and mapping system is unable to find ANY address I type. Everyone needs to avoid this and buy a three buck map at a gas station, you get get further.
Biggest problem is that as a GPS, it often goes into a funk where it is on a 15-30 second delay.  In other words, it reports to you as if it were at the location you were 30 seconds ago.  When it is doing this, the turn by turn instructions are useless.  The company won't do anything about the problem, even though I have sent in tickets 3 times.  They have deleted two of the tickets without ever contacting me.
Needed this for my exer-walks. I am not pleased and will apply the "You get what you pay for" knowledge to this product. It was inexpensive (read: cheap).To get my iPhone 3Gs into it this is a struggle. also, for an armband designed (pink) for a woman, it doesn't fit around my upper arm, it's too big - I have been accused of many things, but skinny arms is not one of them!Unless this has been redesigned since I purchased it in 2010, and I'm sure it was a couple of years old then...don't bother with this item.
The pros: cute colorThe cons: The band is way too long - it is even too long for my thigh. Also, the cut-outs for the buttons do not line up so your "Home" button is going to be covered by the cloth unless you push your IPhone up so it sits higher. The screen cover is too thick, and therefore, not very sensitive to the touch so you have to press a few times for it to react.Depending on how much I'll lose on shipping it back, I will probably return it.
My dogs have been missing since January 3rd! Apparently when the unit sits on a shelf for a long time and then gets sold, you need to get online for software updates. No one told us this and the first week my husband had them he lost the dogs. Not happy with Garmin at all! No help from there tech support either!
I made the mistake of not reading the reviews on this product before I bought it.  I'm so glad I bought it on Amazon.com because their return policy is excellent.I bought this device to put on my son's car.  He is in college and so I still pay for a lot of his expenses, including gas, so I want to keep an eye on his driving habits, etc.Problem #1 is my son comes home on the weekends and sometime just to grab a quick dinner or use the washing machine for his laundry and then gone for another week.  So the first time I tried to use it I was unable to put it back into the car because I had to charge it for 4 hours.  Now, as I write this review, my son is back at school and I have a fully charged unit and not much use for it.#2 The software installation is the most unprofessional software installation I have ever seen.  There were so many misspelled words that I questioned where this device actually came from.  Then I looked at the label on the device: MADE IN TAIWAN.  They don't even try to hide it.  I'll give them some credit there.The software installation has you first run a program to install the USB driver, then the software.  Then you have to type in a long software key and activation key that you can barely read without reading glasses.  On top of that, it said I was not connected to the internet ( you have to be connected for it to work ) even though I just did a google search.  Finally after about 10 attempts the software figured out I was connected and I was able to proceed.#3 I could not get the software to download the data right away.  After messing around with the software I was finally able to download the data.  The way the software displays the routes travelled is awful.  You can't get a birds eye view of the entire trip, only segments.  Duration of stops is almost impossible to figure out.  After about 10 minutes of trying to figure out how to analyze the data, the program locked up and I had to shut down the computer and restart.  Then when I plugged the device back it, windows didn't recognize it and I had to install the drivers again!I will be sending this thing back to Amazon after writing this review and will be buying a different tracker.
Ditto to the other unfavorable reviews!  I bought this from another vendor and it did not work properly.  Sometimes it recorded data and sometimes it didn't.  After reading the instructions over and over I found that they say the tracker may need to be placed where it can see the sky even though they show it installed in hidden places in a vehicle.  When I tested the tracker by driving with it in the cup holder in my own car and it didn't record any data and when I tried to return it Brick House Security refused to take it back even though it was within the return period and not excluded in their policies.The software was very difficult to use with very little explanation or guidance.I will never buy anything from this company or Brick House Security again!
waitingI must be lost because this item has not been able to find me. I have been waiting for weeks for this item to ship.  Another week and I will be requesting a refund.
Can't really review unit as it hasn't arrived yet... ordered a month ago.... site did say it would be 1 - 2 months before it would be delivered; didn't think it would take that long, but guess it will.....I'm lost without it..........still wondering.....can't find my way back!
The warning on the box was correct. The bottom pad of the friction beanbag dash mount will discolor the dash from even minimal exposure to the sun. The material of the dash mount is stiff, and there is not much suction capability for the GPS unit to stick to the dash mount. My suggestion for any potential buyer is to navigate away from this product.
I bought this amp thinking it would be the best amp for the money. I have had nothing but problems with this amp! It was professionally installed & without a doubt is a horrible choice for a marine amp. Very Disappointed
The item is clearly marked "new" in the Amazon posting. But it is not! This is a bait and switch scam. You order and pay for a "new GPS, and they send you a refurbished unit. Yes, they will refund your money and even tell you they are doing you a favor by paying for the return shipping. They will also blame Amazon for misrepresenting their merchandise. The bottom line is that this is just plain false advertising. I wasted 2 weeks of my precious time, emailing Amazon and Tiger Direct. Do not waste your time. ZERO STARS.Garmin Nuvi 265T GPS (RB) and Accessories Bundle
do not by from this provideri have order for this device after 30 fay i revived itthey are very very bad serviceso please do not by from this provider
product is a pain to get to work , you need a sim card  (so basically a phone number ) to put in works horrible indoors and this thing keeps reading the coordinates of my house .  worst part about it isbecause its through a company called value link they seem to not take returns..
Even though I followed the directions, it was difficult to set up.  Finally I was able to get it to synch.  I took a drive, came home and tried to download the map.  After 3 attempts, it finally downloaded - the map was in Asia.  We live in the US.Even if it worked as intended, it would be substandard because it isn't real time.  The product is outdated.  The one good thing - Amazon gave me a 100% refund, which will keep me coming back to Amazon.
So disappointed in what just happened.  I cannot activate the software because the keys provided do not work.The hardware might be fine but the software is useless without activation and unlucky me, that did not work.Tried to get help and I don't think it exists.  The software will give you a little form to fill out but there is no company phone number.  The website has a customer support email address.  Used that and it bounced!  See below.I would not try this again given this is made in Taiwan and there is no customer support,  Software user guide is to simple to and gives the impression this is a rush to market device with no company standing behind it.I will add that Amazon refunded my purchase when I got them on the phone.  Well done Amazon!  Now I am purchasing a  TrackStick MINI GPS Tracker.  A little more money but they actually have a nice website and software that looks like they update and support it.Hi. This is the qmail-send program at yahoo.com.I'm afraid I wasn't able to deliver your message to the following addresses.This is a permanent error; I've given up. Sorry it didn't work out.&#60;support@myitrail.com&#62;:Sorry, I couldn't find a mail exchanger or IP address. (#5.4.4)To risky to try purchasing another iTrail.
I bought this item and it never worked. I contacted merchant to return item. Merchant instructed to ship item back.  Returning item is not worth it as I paid for the item and  paid the shipping, now I'm expected to pay to ship item back. What a joke. Threw item in garbage!!
After opening it out of its package, it didn't work at all.... that's what you get for buying something for $0.01.
I was disappointed that everything I needed was not included. When I got the box, it said it was a receiver (I bought 4)and would not work without the remote. Therefore, I went on my cruise for which I purchased the Soren Locators, without being able to use them. I therefore cannot rate them as I could not use the locators. Low and behold, we forgot to get all our luggage at the cruise terminal and had to pay $43 to have it delivered to our house.  Just what I was trying to avoid.
This was one of the biggest waste of $40 I ever made.  I purchased this based on other reviews.  One thing I discovered, it doesn't stop beeping.  If he is 10 ft away, the parent one beeps.  If he's around the corner, it beeps.  It's very annoying.Additionally, the arrow that is suppose to point what direction the child is in does not work properly at all.  He was 20 feet in front of me, and first it pointed towards myself, then it pointed in a completely different direction away from the child.The parent unit beeps louder than the childs unit.  If you're wanting to use this to locate the child, you're going to have to stuff it deep in your pockets to muffle the quiet beep the child's unit makes.  The parent unit beeps twice as loud as the child (Shouldn't it be the other way around??)As far as cuteness factor goes, you can't go wrong with the teddy bear.  He didn't mind using it.  He's been known to take off, which is why it was purchased.  He doesn't know that it doesn't work properly, only that it's to tell me if he's taken off when he isn't suppose to which keeps him where he is suppose to be.  I could have just as easily taken a rock and used some duct tape on some string and told him the same thing.  That would have been cheaper.This is not recommended at all based on this experience.  It's been hanging there for 2 months.  We stopped trying to use it after a week since it doesn't do at all what the purpose of it is suppose to be for.
This product did not work. It beeped when the units were next to each other. It didn't beep when separated. Then at other times it did the reverse. It was a total waste of money. Stay as far away from this as you can. It is a total rip off
The Software is much the same as I have in the 403.  But the battery in this used model lasts all of 2 minutes.  I haven't gone on any trips to high-traffic areas yet, but will in a couple of weeks.  That'll determine how well the Traffic alerts will work.  The larger screen is more attentive/sensitive to my fingers when spelling.
This gps offered terrible routing and useless options. No matter how I calculated the routes the gps always tried to take me on a horribly off course direction often going miles out of the way. I couldn't possibly ever use this gps it just made terrible decisions on how to get to my destination. My old mio worked way better. Would not recommend.
Works fine for a while until the gsm stops working unless I reset the power from the unit which makes it practically usesless.
Unless you have super pumped big arms, this is not for you. It did not fit me or my hubby.Waste of money...
I have a cat.  I have a 12 acre field.  The specs say 600 feet line of site, but I couldn't get much more than 350 feet.  In hedgerows this device cannot locate my cat within 100 feet.No on/off button.  I had to replace the batteries 3 times in 3 weeks in the controller.Device stops looking for transmitter about 1 minute after initiating find.  Need to look at device to see if you are just holding your arm and device in the air for no good reason ( because it is 'off').Need to create a waterproof situation for transmitter.  Mine never got wet, but only a matter of time until dew gets the better of the transmitter.It is small for sure, a positive thing, but if you can't locate your cat unless they are within earshot, then what's the point in spending the money for the device and batteries.Flimsy controller.  Only time until the sliding door breaks.As for the 'Child locator system' as indicated in the description and in pictures on the box, the manual has a very clear DISCLAIMER that the device is NOT to be used to locate people.  Something very odd or misleading about this aspect.An alternative is a very powerful 'locator' called 'thecatlocator'.  Google it.  I will be trying it out next.I returned the loc8tor.
I've been using this product since 2004. When it works, it's great, but it has lots of issues that are constantly frustrating.1) Cannot register more than 4 tags. If you do, it messes up the already registered tags and you start getting blank spaces for the names.2) The battery contact strip flattens out after a while so the button batteries don't make contact any more. The first sign of this is a intermittent but increasing beep as the batteries disconnect and reconnect. Replacing the batteries makes no difference. Only fix is to use two needle nose pliers and slightly bend the strip back. If you don't, the batteries eventually disconnect and the tag cannot be located.3) Occasional failures where the tag simply won't locate even when next to the locator unit. Unregistering and regestering the tag usually fixes it.4) Out right tag failures. I've just had another tag fail permanently.5) The product hasn't been updated in a decade. What's worse is there doesn't really seem to be any comptetors out there. Can't find a single rfid *directional* tracking solution that does what loc8tor does. Very annoying!!
Now that I've had this for a few months I sure wish I could return it. Batteries don't last in tags very long, and it sure as heck won't find things from anywhere near the 600 feet as advertised. Very disappointed.
This product failed in 2 weeks.  After attaching it to the cat's collars, both units stopped working.  I thought it was the battery so upon opening the units, I found that the insides were totally corroded and unuseable.  Now theses cats do not go swimming or wear their collars into the shower.  I do not understand how you can sell a product for use on cats that go outdoors that is not semi waterproof or at least moisture proof.  This product would be great for finging lost car keys but NOT for use with dogs or cats.
I think the title says it all.  It was extremely difficult to read.  Hard to tell what direction and I would not recommend this product at all
I thought this item was the answer to my prayers.  I own 8 dogs with a fenced in yard, almost an acre.  Three of our dogs like to find any spot in the fence that is weak near the bottom and get out.  They don't dig, our female pit bull just puts her head down and runs and pushes it up.  After they were gone for 7 hours one day with no sign of them anywhere I finally ordered this product.  The reviews for the Loc8tor Plus seemed better than the Loc8tor Pet and it has more options.  So I spent the extra money and got this one instead of the Loc8tor Pet.I put it on the 3 dogs that run away the most.  They got loose the next day. My husband tried to use the Loc8tor and got frustrated with it and told me it was junk and to send it back.  He hadn't read the directions or tested it like I had so I told him he just needed to be patient that he didn't know what he was doing with it. He found them in a neighbor&#8217;s yard before I could get a chance to use the Loc8tor myself.  Well one week later (today) two of them get out again.  I grabbed it and walked around with the hand unit within 2 minutes of them escaping with no luck.  I get ready and go out driving around looking and using the Loc8tor every few feet on the road.  No luck.  I was running low on gas so I ran to the gas station and get a call from a neighbor that she found them in the middle of the road a few blocks away and we agreed to meet in the parking lot of a local grocery store.  I am pulling into the grocery store parking lot and the Loc8tor still can't detect the tags and they are just inside a minivan.To top it all off one of the tags has come off my dog&#8217;s collar and is nowhere to be found, so I can't send it back.  Also the handheld had to have new batteries today before I went looking.  They have only been installed in the unit for 8 days and they are already dead?!?  This may be good for your keys, laptop, remotes and such that will obviously be inside your home somewhere, but I wouldn't trust it on anything that can move on its own.  The panic feature on one of the tags would be nice for an elderly family member or child, but if I am within distance for the handheld to pick up the panic signal then I can hear that person scream for help.  I was suggesting it to my neighbor who has an autistic son who tends to wander off in the grocery store.  But that was before I got it and used it.  This wouldn't even be able to locate her son if he had walked to the other side of the store.  Don't waste your money on this device if you are planning to tag anything or anyone that can move under its own power.  I was looking for an alternative that will work well and not cost me a huge monthly subscription fee, but unfortunately this wasn't it.
Useless product. Don't buy it. It only give you a roughly direction. The beep sound is very small. It is hardly to be heard when in noisy environment.
Very Disappointed, the product display at Amazon showed product button location and description different from product sent out after purchased.  The original display showed an &#34;PA Button&#34;  for External speaker function like most CB style radios.  Only after the purchase and calling into the manufactures engineers did I learn that the radio did not have this function.  I wish I had not purchased this item.  I wanted all that the radio offers with the addition to the &#34;PA&#34; System.Respectfully,Kevin L. Smith
First of all it took over a month to get the item.  I was not happy about the wait that it took to get it.The devices purpose is to provide a cleaner, better way to support a portable dvd player instead of the awkward and ugly looking bag option.  So, the Navitch dvd player holder became very attractive to me as a product.The review:1.  The product did clean up the look and appearance of the support system for the portable dvd player.2.  The product has a weak point that does not hold the weight of the dvd player.3.  I used it on one trip and I had to re-adjust it several times because the weight caused the dvd player to droop downward.4.  Good Idea5.  Not constructed to handle the weight of the player.6.  In order to keep using it, I am going to have to super glue the connection in place so it will not move or support it in some way.7.  The price point was very affordable.Over all, I gave the Navitech item a one star for providing a cleaner look to my car.  Functionaly, the item needs to be redesigned to handle the weight of the dvd player.  Please redisign the support connection for this item and you will have great product.Thanks,North Texas
I purchased THREE of these one after another...NONE of them worked? I had one for years that worked fine, then it stopped (yes I changed the batteries)? I tried to replace this but ALL three were NON FUNCTIONAL!
I purchased this item so when I went Disney I could be more at ease with my 5 year old son. It was small in size and good in price but it did not work as it intended. It was good for the first day or so but after that it worked opposite of how it was going to worked. So I did not even bother using if after that. So I must say I was disappointed.Clee
Bought this product -two sets for a trip to Disney World with 4 small children.  They did not work.  We could be carrying the child and the device beeped!!!  When one of the children was told to walk away, it did not beep!!!!  We practiced with them at home before we left for our trip so we know we set them properly.  A lot of wasted money!!!!!  Just assign one adult ,for one child and be responsible.  That's what we ended up doing.  These products do not work!!!!!!!!!!!
I was kinda disappointed that batteries were listed in the title, description, and pictured.  Alas I opened by Amazon envelope only to find the GPS unit. (Very shocked it wasn't in a typical oversized box). It would be nice if you could download the software from a website versus the disk.  I am using a netbook to download on and it was a pain to download the disk to a thumb drive just to put it on the netbook.  It would be cheaper for the company too.  I would rate higher but I can't do to the title blatantly lying about what you get.  I know, I know...it's 2 batteries.  I don't like being lied to.  I didn't lie on the last two digits on my credit card!  You can find this item cheaper on Amazon so buy it there.***UPDATE*** 2-26-14 the batteries came in the mail today. I received a call from the company about my low rating. I informed them of the reason. They asked if I would remove my comment if they sent the batteries. I informed them I would not but I would update the review. They did sweeten the pot by sending two packs of batteries. However, the oversight wouldn't have been corrected had I not said anything. Would I buy from them again...yes. They made good on the purchase and actually read the review. I would upgrade them to a 4 star review now. Would've been 5 stars from the get go had the order been correct originally. I have never removed or changed an initial star rating based on a companies follow up...I only update the original rating.
It worked well enough with my laptop for six months. And then it stopped. I reloaded drivers from both MS and the Pharos site, reinstalled Streets and Trips. Nothing. I purchased the GlobalSat Blu 353 unit and it worked out of the box!
-5 rating!  Paid for a &#34;new&#34;  receiver..  It was definitely used before.  It has wear and scuff marks on it.  Works fine,  but still do not like being told I'm paying for new and getting used.
The batteries won't take a charge.  I am an ex tech and tested my equipment.  I plan to return them.  PS.  the charger does work.
Batteries will not fit in the Talk About, though the specs said it was for the model I have. Very disappointed. Can't use.
The description claims it :Is ideal for smart phones with a 4- 4.3 " inch screen or bigger."  However, they need to remove the "or bigger" piece because it does NOT fit a larger phone like the Galaxy Nexus.
I bought this a little over one year ago for expeditions in the Canadian wilderness.  I needed to use it last week to tell someone to get a train to stop for me.  The two-way communicator, which was the entire purpose of my purchase and spending $800 (inReach, PN-60w & subscription), failed.  The GPS was showing that I could not send out messages, even though messages were being sent many times.  I could not receive messages.  Thinking I could not communicate, I tried using one of the pre-programmed messages (similar to a Spot), which confused and worried my friends and family a great deal.  I spoke with Delorme about how this unit failed me the only time I have ever needed it, and they basically said that they may not charge me to fix the problem, if I am lucky.  They took zero responsibility for the failure of the unit.  I feel like I wasted $800 on this product in order to try and avoid situations exactly like the one that this breakdown created - expensive and unnecessary rescues, and worrying my friends and family.If you need to communicate in the wilderness, I would recommend a satellite phone, as Delorme clearly does not have this product sorted out.  Otherwise, a SPOT would cost far less than this, and would be much less likely to break & cause confusion.  Or just get an SOS beacon.  Any ways, this product costs way too much for it to fail the only time I needed it.  Don't spend your money here.
I have nothing but horrible experiences with these guys.  First, I buy the product and sign up for their service.  There's no way to trial it so I spent a lot of time researching and thought they'd be worth it.What a mistake!I took this on numerous bike rides, weekend camping trips, etc in the wide open deserts of Utah.  I kept track points turned on so I could validate things were working.  HORRID!  It would only occasionally show the track points, stopped tracking and let me without the peace of mind it's supposed to provide.  I ended up taking it on a 7-day cruise.  We had a room with a balcony and I attached it to a chair outside so that it would have a clear view of the sky the entire time.  We were out for a week and yet only about 10 hours of the trip ended up having any track points at all.So if I'd have had an emergency, we'd have been totally up a creek.They sell this as though it's going to help, but we would have been worse off, thinking that we were monitored.So I cancelled.  What a headache!!!  Nobody in support would help, salespeople go silent.  I cancel the service and they continued to bill me.  I finally had to open a dispute with American Express.  Even after all that THEY STILL CONTINUE TO BILL ME!!  I keep receiving new statements, new billing charges and to make matters worse, today there's a new $200 charge for who-knows-what.Stay away from these people.  Regardless of the product and service (which is crappy) these people are the worst!If you want to have peace of mind and a decent emergency beacon, go with someone else.  If you want to keep your money, go with someone else.  Stay away from InReach!
I bought the basic spot tracker about 4 years ago for 150.00, and had an account for 100.00 a year.  I thought it would be nice to "upgrade" to the Delorme unit in order to have messaging capability.  The unit cost $280.00 after taxes, and requires a 150.00 annual minimum commitment.  The basic plan only allows 10 text messages per month, then 1.50 per additional message.  The tracking is .25 per point.  Then its more for the rescue service.  If you want 40 messages per month, then you have to upgrade to the next level at 25.00 a month (300.00 year).  Did I mention that Delorme allows you to move up and down the plans?  Sounds great, huh?  What they fail to mention is that after the 12.00 activation fee (not w/SPOT), you have to $25.00 EVERY time you move up and down the plans.  This really starts to add up, folks.Now on to the performance.  It took me at least 6 hours to get the unit registered, maps loaded to the Android phone (huge files), synched with the unit and phone, and online systems updated.  The process is not very user friendly.  Then using it on a trip provides several problems:1.  Satellite Coverage is poor in several places due to location or cloud cover, especially when you leave North America.2.  The devices require lots of extra batteries.  I could run for 4 or 5 days on my SPOT with tracking running on the same set of AA batteries.  Delorme sucks down the power.  I got about 45 hours off of the Lithium batteries on tracking, but the standard AA batteries will give you only 10-12 hours worth of juice.  BTW, if you want to use the text message or map function, you will need to figure out how to keep your Android phone charged up, which could be challenging on any trip over 2 or 3 nights.Rumor is that a real satellite phone system is in the works for the consumer market this summer, so I would consider waiting instead of buying this item, which seems to be the collaboration of lackluster technicians and very savvy marketers.
This product is a big mistake.  There is precious little tutorial material for setting up all of the phone/account/inReach interfaces.  Spot is child's play to this thing.  And it REALLY sucks batteries!  If you are going on an expedition (more than 60 hours)  good luck figuring out how to carry or create all of the charging stations you will need to keep your inreach and Android phone working.  Did I mention that Delorme wins no matter how bad their product is because you will need a one year contract of at least $120.00 to discover that this product needs more work.
Item does not work very well and the customer service stinks! We have been trying to resolve the issue with them for a couple of months now and are getting no where, so we have decided to return the item. Very disappointed.
I purchased the Delorme inreach to provide a reliable form of communication from a remote cabin in the forestsof northern California.When testing from the cabin location the Inreach stand alone messages and tracking eventually worked fine.My text messages sent from Android phone to the paired Inreach worked fairly well but took 5 to 10 minutes to go through.The problem was in the receiving of return text messages from the people I contacted.I received only 1 return text message of several sent.The Iridium satellites had to be "in view" because the unit worked fairly well in stand alone mode!The Inreach was a fairly good transmitter but a  very poor receiver of messages!The next problem was with pairing between android and Inreach unit which I found the solution with a "power start" by holdingpower and tracking buttons simultaneously.(not in owners manual).The inability of the Delorme Inreach to reliably receive text messages from my remote location was disappointing to say the least.I expected the inreach to work simply and reliably as does my spot messenger but I found it to be cumbersome and very finicky in actual use.I tired of solving a new issue each time I tested the unit.Delorme claims the unit sends and receives text messages but in reality my experience was negative on most all counts!Battery life was very poor using 4 sets of lithium batteries during my testing.Delorme tech support was very nice until they put me on hold for 14 minutes and never returned.I may now consider a Globalstar satellite phone for $39 per month for unlimited voice and data.I understand that Globalstarsservice is now returning to normal since recent satellite launches.(my reliable spot messenger is back in the saddle).I will return the Delorme Inreach!Update:I have returned the Delorme Inreach to Amazon for credit.I called Delorme customer service to discuss terminating service.I was told I would be required to pay the full year ofservice contract agreement despite Inreach flaws and 2 months service.I have now purchased a Globalstar satellite phone forslightly more than the Inreach.Works fairly well from remote location plus unlimited talk.(think  I've found solution).
All use to love Garmin but I had a big issue with this gadget, I Had an I phone 5 so I had to buy a converter for the adapter. Then I try it and it did not work after a week of calling and e-mailing I gave up. Lost 70 dollars.
First off, you have to buy Apple's Lightning - 30 PIN adapter.  Ok, I was willing to do that to pull ANT+ data from my Garmin 910XT and ANT+ sensors on my bike.Except the new version of Garmin Connect for iOS doesn't support their dongle.  You could try the older Garmin Fit app, but it hasn't been updated in years.  Next I tried the Wahoo Fitness App which I found right away doesn't support the Garmin key.So here you are with an ANT+ adapter that doesn't talk to anything.  Seriously, it's a paperweight.  Returned and purchased the Wahoo Fitness key.
I bought this and the heart rate transmitter thinking that since they are ANT+ devices they would work with the MapMyFitness+ iPhone app ... they don't. The MMF support site indicates that this is not changing anytime soon. So I bought the Garmin Fit app ... it is provides basic data and functionality and wasn't worth the $0.99
This ANT+ is ideal if you are always within 3 feet of the device placed on the shelf of the treadmill.  If you have any intention of keeping it on your body and moving, though, it will most surely lose contact with the iPod and have a gap in tracking.  It also doesn't work to leave it on the ground and work out around it, since it has a very short range and is eclipsed by gym benches and weights.
Thanks to the review from G Murray, I downloaded the Digifit App before I even bought the adapter so I could get a sneak preview of what to expect. When the adapter arrived I thought it wasn't working because nothing happened on my phone, no pop-up, no sync request not a peep. I went ahead and paired my footpod and that was it! I manually start the workout and all the data is right on the Digifit app which is linked to my fitbit account which adds the workout time and calories in my active minutes.Update:I decided to go further by getting theGarmin Premium Heart Rate Monitor (Soft Strap)and can't for the life of me pair it to the adapter. Digifit app wont do anything unless I buy the pro version. I did and still no success, the app keeps saying no sensors detected, it wont even let me pair to myGarmin Foot Pod [Retail Packaging] which makes me wonder if or how it was paired in the first place.Update:Since I was wondering, I left my footpod in the house and went for a walk. Sure enough the app used the gps in my phone and gave me map, elevation distance etc. same as usual. I WAS NEVER PAIRED TO THE FOOTPOD!! dropping to 2 stars till I figure this out.Update: I opened up my wallet once more and purchased aWahoo Fitness Key for iPod/iPhoneit paired immediately with the garmin footpod and the Garmin heartrate monitor. Wahoo is right! first workout today with it worked flawlessly, I'm dropping another star off this product : (
This key works fine with the Garmin Fit app.  But that app is not well designed, and while it lets you get cadence and heartrate from ant+ sensors, it insists on using gps for speed.  Gps speed measurement is extremely innacurate on this app.  For example you can stop, and it will say you are going over 5mph for at least 10 seconds.So the Garmin Fit app is not acceptable as a replacement for a bike computer.  But how about using other bike apps?  MapMyRide is pretty nice and allows recording of speed, cadence and heart rate from Ant+.  Also Strava is a great app.  But neither of those work with this device.  Is Garmin keeping the device proprietary or did the other apps just not bother to include the functionality?Anyway, I wish that they were upfront about the limitations of this device (no speed measurement, and not compatible with most apps).  Now I have to go out and buy the Wahoo Fitness key, which works with more apps.
Garmin's app is terrible as said by other reviewers. I tried using it with MapMyRun and it is not compatible, in fact its not compatible with any other app in the AppStore (except Garmin's). Buying the Wahoo ant+ adapter now for more compatibility with other apps.
Doesn't work with iPhone 5, even with an adapter. The Garmin website didn't seem to have an easily accessible place to submit questions about when an adapter would be available for the iPhone 5!
Garmin is the brand that syncs with my fitness app, so I purchased this adapter for my phone.  The first unit worked exactly three times before the adapter stopped connecting with the phone.  I returned it and got a replacement - that one too worked exactly three times.  The third unit after much restarting my phone and many failed attempts did pair with the heart rate monitor, but would never pair with the monitor during a workout.  After the third return, I am looking for plan b or maybe plan d.
I have Garmin road cycling monitors that rely on my a Heart Rate  monitor strap being able to communicate any specific  readout device.After reading the reviews of the Digifit App and concluding that the Garmin  ANT+ add to my iPhone would communicate! I bought the Garmin ANT+ to attach to the power intake port on my iPhone 4S.After repeated attempts of failure to get the Digifit App to pair/sync with my Garmin heart strap monitor, t decided to reach out to Digifit for assistance. We shared emails and then advised me that Garmin would support any Third Party Apps. Interestingly, this same problem exists with the heart rate monitors at my YMCA, they have State-of-the-Art machines on the floor and Garmin won't support their HR monitoring.Garmin is giving the Polar brand HR monitoring devices a wide door open because they are comparable with Third Part manufacturers.When a company prevents their products, in thi case Garmin, from adding additionan value to the use of the product they are turning customers away and saying &#34; we don't wan you to have this added benefit because we, Garmin, didn't design it. Very small minded.I will begin to search out added value companies like Polar that embrace maximizing the customers experience, even if a competitor was the one who created the add-on.
You would think that if you bought a GARMIN ANT+ watch and a GARMIN ANT+ adapter for iPhone that they would work together.  THIS IS NOT THE CASE! They are not compatible with each other.  How is it that the WAHOO ANT+ iPhone adapter is compatible with GARMIN ANT+ watches but the GARMIN ANT+ adapter isn't?  Come on Garmin!  Printing my Amazon return label now.
After taking this out of the package, I plugged it into my iPhone and it recognized the new sensor.  I was hoping to use this with Strava, but the app wouldn't recognize the ANT+ adapter.  The only app that would install with the sensor was Garminconnect, and it didn't seem to have any of the features I want.  It looks like this $40 piece of junk will sit in my desk drawer forever.  I just ordered the Wahoo ANT+ adapter for iPhone, which works with Strava.
Garmin Fit App: does not detect Footpod and Bike Sensor, only Heart RatemiCoach does not see the ANT accessory at all!
I purchased this to work with my Garmin heart rate monitor and use with the Digitfit app on my iphone.  It has been a completed disappointment.  It consistently loses connection with the device.  I ended up purchased a Wahoo ANT+ adapater and it works much better.  I would not recommend this device.
I have been a big fan of Garmin products for a long-time and I must say this is the first product that has truly let me down.  I am not sure if it is there software or the hardware.  I find that if I am sitting on the couch, it does a great job recording heart rate however as soon as I start running it doesn't record heart rate.  This item is also proprietary and only works with the garmin app.  I should have purchased the Wahoo Ant+ instead.  It gets strong reviews and works with a variety of different apps.