Nice idea and this is a good looking unit, and not terribly bad for the money, but its ability to maintain directional accuracy is of questionable quality.  Compass seems to drift regardless of where mounted and requires recalibration quite often.  I suspect compass has the same degree of accuracy as does the digital clock that loses 30 seconds per day.  Electronics today should be more dependable than this unit.
I am disappointed with this compass.  The directions for calibrating it are ambiguous, and it took me several tries to get it to agree that it was calibrated.  That having been done, it seems to display &quot;distortion&quot; and incorrect heading information about 20% of the time.  Further, even when it thinks it is accurate, it is often at odds with what I know to be the accurate direction -- not totally off, but showing W when we are going almost directly NW, for example.  And it has no provision for accuracy beyond the eight directions that it can show with two letters.  I will be replacing this with something else.
If I had seen the product first hand, I would not have bought it at all.  I do most of my driving on back country roads with lots of potholes and I dont feel that my Garmin 72 is really secured in it's mount because of all it's weight pivoting on that small piece of plastic.  Maybe for $10 I'll consider buying it again.
The part of this bracket that holds the GPS is terrific.  But the stick-on base is a joke.  If you have treated your mounting surface previously with any kind of cleaner, polish, or wax, you will find it nearly impossible to mount this bracket.  They supply cleaner and instructions, and on brand new surfaces I suspect it works better.  But beware, this thing will let your nice GPS go flying just when you can't afford it to...Buy the garmin Marine Mount for your GPSMap 76, drill a couple holes and hard-mount the unit - you won't regret it.  Alternatively, look at the various RAM mounts made for the GPSMap 76 series - they too have hard mount solutions that will secure your unit as it deserves to be.
This item is not well designed - the only place to put it is on your windshield and then to fully utilize all of its functionality, you need to have 2 cords dangling from it - 1 to a power source, the other out of your car to get the external temperature!
My foremost complaint on this product is it's frequent inablity to do simple math.  Go any direction, then turn and go the opposite direction.  Not sure where the designers of this product took their math classes, but my Boy Scout handbook says that's a change of 180 degrees.  Why does this compass say 160 or even 140 degree difference sometimes?  My magnetic compass, certainly a lot less expensive than this product, doesn't get confused.  Calibrating the product weekly helps, but not sure I want to spend each Saturday turning my car in circles for the benefit of my compass.  Finding my car 400-800 feet higher than where I parked it last night has always griped me as well.  But I guess you can't expect more out of an altimeter based on barometric pressure.  Otherwise, at least it seems to denote change in altitude fairly accurately.
Part was not exactly as I had expected.  It does not secure my GPS securely. I will probably have to obtain a different type of mounting to secure my GPS to the dash.  The picture online seem to indicate support on two side of the unit, but was not the case.
Yes, it holds a Garmin.  Not really the gadget that was expected.  Barely able to &#34;stick&#34; it to the unit.  Thought it would be better.
I went ahead and put the velcro strips on the back of my GPS unit and installed this in the car. It is just a holder now. I cannot see the screen. This is made for a triangular shaped GPS. The paper inside the box says it's for GPSII, GPSII Plus, GPS III, GPS III Pilot, GPS III Plus.If you have one of these I am sure you will love this mount.
I gave this product two stars instead of only one because I evidently misunderstood what I was ordering. I own a Nuvi 350 and this beanbag simply won't hold it in place. I change cars frequently and wanted a very portable mounting system to keep the GPS safe during use. I found that if I made a sudden stop, the Nuvi flew off the bag and clunked into the windshield. Save your money; do not buy this product if you want to use it with the Nuvi 350. Perhaps it's designed for use with some other Garmin GPS.
I suspect that this mount will work fine, once I get all the "additional parts" that I need for it. I bought a NUVI 660 here and wanted the dash friction mount for it. The Amazon advert said "this is alll you will need" however it isn't there is another mount part [Garmin Automotive Mount for Nuvi 660 (010-10823-02)] that is required. It's not that I have to pay for an additional part, it's just that I had to go through the entire process of ordering and such to get the other pieces I need. Seems sort of like buying a car and afterwards they tell you "oh, you wanted tires with that?"
If u want to use your GPS on different cars, u should buy Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Nuvi and StreetPilot C Series (010-10908-00) instead. Garmin doesn't show this information on their website, Garmin just tries to confuse the users, so that users would end up buying both Garmin Automotive Mount for Nuvi (010-10723-04) & Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Garmin GPS Units (010-10306-00), while 010-10908-00 alone could serve the same purpose.
The product works fine. It did not have the garmin logo on it like it shows in the picture.
The mount was missing a piece  which  holds the  gps  to the mount.  We will be  returning this  for  creditThank YouDarlene Shallcross
Garmin's friction dash mount is immensely convenient for quickly moving your GPS between cars without modifying the dash -- very nice for rental cars. However, I find I have to baby the car around turns to keep the mount from sliding. I spend way too much effort worrying over and watching it as I drive.While the friction surface and weighted bean bags are a very good implementation of the portability design requirement, it has a basic flaw with respect to automotive use. One will remember from basic physics that friction is the coefficient of friction multiplied by the normal force that pushes (downward in this case) the two sliding surfaces together. It works great on smooth streets and low-G turns. Occasionally, however, cars go over bumps. The movement alternately increases and decreases the normal force between the surfaces. Friction sharply increases and decreases and very little lateral force is needed for the unit to fall off the dash. Also consider the soft suspensions found in nearly all rental cars which allows the chassis to roll way over in hard turns. In the roll, the angle of the dash allows the lateral force to reduce the normal force another way and, thus, the unit falls off the dash.I have experimented with my iQue 3600 in a Mitsu Evo 8 with a very stiff suspension that corners very flatly, a VW Passat wagon and a couple rental cars. The dash material of all these is very receptive to the clever friction material on the bottom of the mount. In all cases I was able to cause the mount to come loose in mildly spirited driving. Trying harder, I can get the mount to move during braking, turning and even *accelerating* maneuvers *at will* on smooth streets. The mount is entirely incompatible with my Porsche 928 and 951 dashboards. In all these cases, the suction cup windshield mount of my Garmin eMap works without failure even in highly spirited driving.The no-dash-modification portability is great, but it doesn't stay put which is very distracting and dangerous. Perhaps more significantly, this mount becomes a projectile in a collision.
Well I bought this to go with my NUVI 260, I was assured it would do the job.I'm sure it would if I could attach the thing to my GPS.I was sold it and it doesn't have the correct fit.I guess I should have researched a bit more and not taken the sellers word.
I got my brand new nuvi 670 and a matching sandbag by Garmin. Within the first mile I drove, they just flew off the dashboard when I started at a traffic light. I guess I should have accelerated REALYYYY slow.
The base of the c530 mount is 2.5 inches.  The docking station of this beanbag is less than 2 inches.  Doesn't fit.  Now I notice that the description has changed...no longer mentions my garmin model.
The Friction Mount for My Garmin Gps unit 010-10306-00Will not work with the Mount that came with the Garmin 350
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005UK9X/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThe vendor was ok, just was missing the clip that I needed to install it onto the beanbag. I made the mistake just ordering one piece "assuming" it came together.
I suggest you don't even offer this item -- bean bag ONLY.  There is no way to get a mount by itself, so why even have this item. The required mount is NOT the one that comes with your GPS.  In fact, the bean bag with the mount is cheaper than the beanbag only.  Offering a "beanbag only" makes no sense to me.The item is fine and works well. . . if there were a way to attach a GPS to it.  The description in the display is misleading.  We already had a mount that came with the GPS, but we didn't know it was different than the one required for the beanbag.  We wanted a bean bag WITH the little post on which to mount the GPS.  We got the bean bag ONLY and could not mount the GPS.  When we phoned the help desk, we got someone who had such an accent we couldn't understand her and don't think she could understand well either, because I carefully described my problem and she assured we would get the right thing, but we didn't.  We got another bean bag ONLY on our re-order. I had to cancel the order and start all over again.Ozzie
Be sure you want only the beanbag without the mount-- Unless you've lost only the bag, this is not much use without the appropriate mount.
I have the arm mount (that goes on the window) that comes originally with the device.  I guess the arm mount that fits into this bean bag, is a different size arm because the one I have does not fit or slide into place.  It is really bad of the company to give a window mount that does not work but spend an extra thirty and Maybe the dash mount will work.... What you really need with this product is faith because you can not return the open package.
Made a mistake in ordering a REPLACEMENT beanbag portable friction mount for my Garmin GPS  order went throught with no problems  17th St Photo shipped the item no problem However there was a minor problem a replacement beanag is just that  beanbag only No Mount.  I wanted the whole unit. So I returned the item  and reordered the correct item.  My mistake  unit costed me an extra 20.00  postage and extra cost of the unit.!7th Street Photo treated me very fair and quickly.Other than that  it works fine
The problem with this portable deal is that it does not inlcude the attachment piece that goes onto the c330 unit (or any other unit) that is then used to attach to the mount. So, if you don't already know that there is "something else" that needs to be purchased, it is useless. I ended up returning this one.
I know that the add said mount not included.I just didn't know it would be almost impossible to find a mount for my 650 as of yet.So the bean bag sits here unused..Richard Garza
This item does not come with the mounting neck to attach your unit to the base.  Order Portable friction mount (no installation required) Part Number: 010-10908-00. This comes with the neck.
I found this item too unreliable for what I want, and had to constantly adjust it too.
I didn't find this compass difficult to set up.  All was fine until we had a cold winter day in Minnesota.  As soon as the temperature got below 10 degrees, the suction cups fell off the windshield.  I was very annoyed when the temperature readout flashed "below 0" instead of telling me how much below zero it was.  Living in a cold climate, it's important to know whether it is -1 or -25.
I found this compass disappointing. As a sailor I am use to the accuracy of Loran, GPS and marine compasses. I suspect that the problem is not the instrument itself, but the difficulty of compensating for the magnetic influences in a car. The PNI often gives erroneous directional information. My unit has developed a defect after less than 6 months of infrequent use. The 'off' button doesn't work.  The unit eventually turns itself off. It is an interesting gadget, but a good road map is a better value.
After reading the reviews, I decided to take the chance and purchase the above unit for my car. Unfortunately, after calibration and adjustment for local declination, the compass was off 45-60 degrees when compared to known reference points. Recalibration did not change the accuracy. Since then, I purchased a traditional spirit compass which after installing and compensating in the same vehicle performs accurately.
Works for Windows XP Pro but no drivers available for Vista or Windows 7!  This converter works great but why does Garmin make it so difficult and costly to keep the unit working with computer upgrades.  Won't be buying any Garmins in the future...
I am very disappointed in the Forerunner 201.  It loses GPS signal far too frequently.  I run in a golf course community with average to below average tree cover.  In a 7 mile run the Forerunner lost GPS 20 times, including at an open-grass field retention pond.  I checked one of my other GPS, a Garmin eMap, and it showed that there were 10 satellites available at the time.  So I rate the Forerunner as a very poor GPS.The most important feature to me was being able to see current pace.  It was displaying 8:41 pace all the time, and I knew I was doing my standard 6:45.  I imagine this error is due in part to losing GPS signal.  I changed the pace smoothing setting to &quot;least&quot; to get a more instant value, but it's still not matching up entirely.  7:10 displayed when I'm doing 6:45's.The autolap feature has been very buggy.  You will often hear it beep at an autolap, and within a minute you'll hear it beep an autolap again.  I left it at the default 1-mile setting, and the first day I used it it had autolapped 8 miles in a distance that it itself had measured to be only 3.3 miles!There is also a minor rounding bug.  If you set your training partner for 6:20/mile and later check this setting you'll see 6:19.  This is probably due to 6:20 being stored as 6.33333 internally, which converts back to 6:19 without rounding.The unit attaches to the wristband with short fabric.  There's too much play in this fabric, 3/8-inch, and the unit flops on your wrist when you run.  It would be better if there was 1/8 to 1/16-inch of play in the fabric.
Two complaints about the unit I own:First, battery life is very short.  When the unit says 10-11 hours of charge left, it needs to be recharged. I can onlt get three runs in on a charge. Second, the unit sometimes freezes up when acquiring the GPS signal. There is no way to turn it off or re-set it when this happens, so you just have to let the battery drain down all the way (which doesn't take long), and recharge it. Accuracy is good, probably +/- 5%.  Other products (eg. FitSense) seem more reliable.
I have started using the 201 to track both my bike riding and walking.  However, I can't get it to be recognized by the computer to use the tracking software.  Garmin so far has not been able to help, another phone call to customer service is in the future.  I really am satisfied with products that operate as they are advertised - I do not like to drag satisfaction out of a company.
Trust me, do not waste your money on this technology.  I've been running for over 20 years, all distance, so I have a fair idea of pace.The Gramin would bounce all over the place with pace speed.  I want to be able to look down, see my pace and keep going.  Whether in open areas or slight tree coverage, data wasn't reliable.  We'd be running at about a 8 minute pace, I'd look down and see 8:45, minute later, it was 8:15, then 8.Did not get to the track to play with as we running early AM and it's dark.  I got the unit for $99.00 which is a great price, but sent it back three weeks later.I'll wait another year or so until they refine the technology.  I do have a standard GPS which works OK, but arm mount units just aren't reliable.
I was very excited when I learned about this product, as I have been looking for a good way to get real-time running pace feedback.  Unfortunately, between buggy software and poor GPS reception, this Garmin unit was essentially useless to me.  In fact, I exchanged the first one I purchased because it worked so poorly, I assumed it was broken.  The second one behaved almost identically:  the display locked up on me when I first tried to initialize the device, and after hard rebooting and finally getting the GPS to lock on to a sufficient number of satellites (which took probably 30 minutes or more), the signal reception was intermittent, so I rarely had reliable pace data during my run.  I have other GPS devices, and this is by far the worst in terms of GPS signal reception.  Happily, I discovered the Polar S625X, which I heartily recommend.  (It's available at Amazon.)  The Polar uses a completely different technology to measure pace:  instead of GPS, it uses a small accelerometer that ties into the laces of one of your shoes.  It's extremely reliable and quite accurate -- it's been a game changer for my running.  The Polar watch also has a heart rate monitor, which the Garmin 201 does not.  (The Garmin 301 does.)
However much this device has to recommend it, it has a fatal flaw. Sweat corrodes the tiny connections through which the device recharges and downloads its data. This rot advances over some 6 months after which it becomes a paperweight.Otherwise, this is a fine runners tool, except:- it does not work under trees, period.- the free software is minimalist with no analysis whatsoever.Garmin, PLEASE fit decent connections, and put your software on sourceforge.net, where hordes of programmers will quickly add killer analysis features.
I had no complaints about my 201 until last week. I did my usual daily run with my (new, barely one month old) Forerunner, came home, turned it off, put it on the table, and that was that. A couple of hours later, I heard a bleep. Funny, I thought, that was the sound the Garmin makes when I power it up. Curious, I went to the table and sure enough, my Forerunner was on and searching for satellites. It had turned on by itself. Furthermore, none of the buttons responded when I tried to turn it back off or scroll through the different modes. The only button that worked was Reset--so the unit kept searching for satellites and then remaining frozen in Timer mode. It suddenly shut off when I was at UPS, preparing to send it back to Garmin for repairs. As I said, I had my 201 for about one month and I loved it. I never submerged the unit in water, and I cleaned it occasionally with a damp cloth; nothing more. I was very disappointed when it went on the fritz. I'm training for a marathon and kinda depended on it for measuring my distance and pace. It's a great training aid but it lost a lot of points with me when it suddenly (and weirdly) broke.Incidentally, I just got off the phone with Garmin and they're sending me a new one, no problem. That's good.
i hope garmin reads these reviews because it was clear talking to their technical support they did not have a clue. i have purchased about 15 of these units. of the 15 units three  of them arrived defective, one was completely DOA, one had lines through the display and the third had display artifacts. the power supplies are very fragile and the primary of the transformer will die with any kind of surge or minor over voltage. do not attempt to use this power supply overseas as the 50hz gives you about ten minutes before the tranformer primary goes away. so far in use i have had two of the remaining units just die for no apparent reason. taking them apart it appears part of the problem is simply the way these units are constructed. the boards in the unit do not use plugs/sockets for the interconnects, but use metal fingers and the pressure of the boards to make contact. this means any moisture or probably even a good shock could result in a lost connection. the bottom line is for a few more cents in construction the unit would probably be a lot more reliable. right now it is not so. i would not trust it for your primary GPS if you are going to use it to find your way back from somewhere.the unit itself is a good sensitive receiver and when it is working it is great. the form factor is very good and mounts nicely on a bike. the problem is do not be surprised if it dies on you.
After updating the software to the most current version I am still not getting accurate information.  My Forerunner is losing signal when others that I run with are not.  When the signal does come back the distance is way off, I mean WAY OFF, say 42 miles one time and 5 or six most times.  I have talked to the tech support and will end up sending this unit back.
It works, the directions are OK, but it really isn't worth the effort.
The 201 does all it says but loses signals in built up areas and therefore measures each run differently. I have had never had the same distance reading for the same run after months of use. Run distances vary by up to 1 mile in a 10 mile route measured by car and bike. Yor favourite 5 (you think) miler will be 5.29 one day and 4.76 another.Also turn it on at the same time as your trusted stopwatch. Again, I have never had the same reading as my stopwatch. The Garmin time is always less than the stopwatch because it loses the signal during the run and so has sleep periods.The pace counter is a joke. Tonight my run was 42 mins. My average pace was 7.27/mile. It said my fastest pace was 3.23/mile. Dream on! Sometimes the pace showed 14+ mins/mile! I can assure you I was never running that fast or that slow during the run.Get a Garmin if you run away from trees and buldings on the flat. Otherwise, if you buy it it will tell you a different story every time you go for that same run.Dont buy it if you think it will work out the exact distance of all your runs. It simply does not do this.In its favour its user friendly, has a fun training partner mode and it makes you look like a fast man even if you're not.
I was really excited about the features that this product has.  I was training for a half-marathon, and was really looking forward to the training buddy feature.  But when I tried to use it, it never found the satelite signal.  We live in an area where there are lots of trees.  I went down to the beach where it was a little more open, but it still wouldn't pick up a signal.  No matter where I tried, there was no signal.  So I wasn't even able to test it to see if it worked, or if it was what I really needed for training.  I still like the idea, and maybe when we move to some place with less trees, I might try buying it again.  So for anyone who lives in a wooded area, it's probably not for you.  If you don't, then it's probably great.
I have 4 other Garmin GPS systems, and have been running with the Timex Time+Distance system for about 6 months, so I was very excited about the Forerunner.  Unfortunately, it really is unusable due to is poor satellite tracking.  I run the same routes I've run with the Timex system, and the Forerunner consistently loses satellites, and that throws the whole pace and distance thing off.  I'm not running in the forest either, just some parks with light to medium tree cover.  I sent Garmin an e-mail about this, hoping they were planning on releasing some patch to fix it, and I got the form letter back about how GPS works (and I did already know what ephemeral data is).  I do like the form factor (but I think its placement on the wrist contributes to the poor tracking), and the interface is far superior to the Timex's.  But unless you run in a desert, I think this fails in its primary purpose: to give you accurate speed and distance feedback.  Stick with the Timex.
I have had fun playing with the Garmin 201 that I got but I am not all that impressed by it.  A couple things that I didn't like.1.  The pace display.  This seems to jump around too much.  On a  recent run with this I was going along a flat road in the country with no trees or anything else to block the sky.  I was running at a pretty steady rate, probably around 7:20 per mile, during a 30 seconds stretch the Garmin displayed my pace jumping around from 6:10 to 8:40, with lots of times in between.  The pace reading is totally useless and that was one of the main things I thought I might use the Garmin for.2.  I run the same route everyday, when I use the Garmin I always start it at the same spot on my driveway and I always run on the same part of the road, there is never any traffic I need to avoid, etc.  so my distance covered should not vary by much each run.  However the distance Garmin shows to the first intersection I get to has ranged from 1.98 miles to 2.17 miles.  This seems to be an awful large variablity, about 10% variation and I have only worn the Garmin about a half dozen times.It is a fun toy but its inaccuracy/inconsistency is far too great for it to be a useful training tool.
I bought my Forerunner about 3 months ago and have been very disappointed with it. The main problem is it's tendency to lose the satellite signal. If you intend to use this for trail runs....forget it. Even running along a road with trees next to the shoulder is enough to drop the signal. Once that happens, it tends to be wildly inaccurate. Eventually, I found that I was using it as a stopwatch with a large display.......until yesterday. I decided to mount it on the deck of my sea kayak and do a long paddle. THAT is what it's suited for. Terrific speed and distance accuracy because the sky is unobstructed.I don't know whether it is just the nature of a GPS to lose a signal with a tree canopy or that this particular model is not sensitive enough. In any case, if you intend to use it for running, think twice before plunking down your money.
I bought the Forerunner about a week ago and so far I am very dissapointed.  The areas where I am running are residential (1 and 2 story houses) with light treecover but the unit seems unable to maintain satellite reception for more than a couple hundred meters.  Once the reception is lost it does not recover even though the sky above is wide open.The other problem is the battery.  Even after charging overnight the battery display indicates 11 hours remaining even though the documentation indicates that it should be good for 15 hours.I called Garmin's customer support and they told me that I needed to understand more about GPS technology and the nature of &quot;ephemeral data&quot;  (not kidding, exact quote)  I tried to explain that I have tried wearing it in different positions and tried different routes without success.  He suggested that I need to wait in one position , outside, for 12 1/2 minutes before starting my run.  I tried to explain that this isn't realistic in Canada in the winter but he didn't seem to think that it should be a problem.I am not trying to trash this product , in fact I really want to like it but so far I haven't been able to get it do perform the way it is supposed to.
I have ordered two Garmins now and tried to put them to use for my runs. The first unit I ordered locked up right out of the box.  I returned it for a new one.  The second one was highly problematic right out of the box.  I upgraded the software for free on the Garmin website and it got much better.  However, after miles of experimentation, I've decided that the Forerunner is not the right device for me.  Really, it's because of the nature of GPS.  Any time I hit heavier shade along my favorite path, the signal goes out.  Smoothing helps me keep some of my assumed data, but I still lose more than I am comfortable with.  Second, I do not like how inaccurate the pace measurement is. I don't even know why they have the main screen, the "real time" pace is so inaccurate it's completely useless.  After way too many hours of online research, I finally found a way to get more accurate pace as I run. I had to set the custom screen for lap pace, average run pace and distance.  I then set the autolap for .25 miles. So the average lap pace recalculated every .25 miles and was the most accurate of any reading I obtained to date. But I still worried that if I ever ran fartlke or tempo or did varying speed work of any kind, I'd never really know at the moment how fast I was running.  That was very frustrating for me.  However, it's the nature of this unit, it only checks your position every 10 seconds or so and if the satellite signal is weak while it's checking, your pace data is basically junk.I'm sorry to return this item and sorry it isn't going to work for me. I have spent hours troubleshooting and now know more about GPS than I ever cared to!  The features on the Forerunner are very cool, but I think for my money, I would have preferred less features and a stronger antennae!Basically, if you like real time pace and you run in the shade (which really we should all be doing whenever possible!), this device isn't going to be nearly as accurate as advertised!
The 205 is $30 more than the 201, but is ten times the watch.  If you can afford to the extra dough, here is why it's worth it.I bought the 201 when it first came out (~7 years ago) It was head and shoulders above the Timex product with the remote arm pod and I would have rated it 5 stars back then because it was the best of it's kind. I even used it to go geocaching.The problem is, I have to strongly recommend against anyone buying it today - I was "lucky" to have lost this kayaking a couple of years ago at which point I upgraded to the 305. It is SOOOOO much better that I have to now rate the 201 as one star in comparison. The 205 is the same but without heart rate.First, the 101/201 have a very unusual shape. The 205/305 is a bulky watch but the looong 201 prevented you from wearing gloves - a real problem when skiing, cycling, etc.Second - and more importantly, the 205/305 have the SIRF Star III Chipset which means it can lock on and hold the lock better.Imagine if you will - you're all ready to run and pumped up - whoops, you now have to wait an extra few minutes to lock your position, otherwise it cannot tell you your speed, location, etc.My old 201 locked on far faster than my running partner's Timex (He had to hang it on a tree while he was getting ready since it often took 5 minutes or more to lock.) the 305 can lock in 5-10 seconds most days while the 201 would lock in ~2 minutes *most* of the time but occasionally would take up to 5 minutes. If you were ~100 miles away from your prior location, the 201 would take up to 10 minutes to get a new lock. ARRRGGGGHH.Also the 201 would lose lock all the time when running in even moderate tree cover or heavy clouds. With the 305 I can even get a lock in my house most of the time.Finally, the 101/201 cannot lock IF YOU ARE MOVING! The 305 can lock even if you're riding a bicycle. I think I've even gotten a lock while driving.Yes the 205 and 305 cost more but with the huge difference in functionality I find it astonishing that Garmin would continue to sell the 201 given how much better the 205 and 305 are.p.s. Don't bother with the 405. Interesting concept but not practical. Read the reviews.I use mine for cycling and running, the direct link to see your workouts mapped on GOOGLE EARTH is FANTASTIC!!!! (the included software is far more stable than the junk Polar included with their HRM's.Heart rate strap with replaceable battery is coded and comfortable. It's better in my opinion than the Polar products (of which I've owned three)I'd avoid the 405 unless you really want to use this watch as a normal day to day wristwatch (check out the 405 reviews)My only complaint is that it's easy to leave it on and run the battery down - which is a bummer if you're just about to work out. I wish there was an "auto off" feature which would shut it down if it detects no movement or heart rate within an hour or so. Fortunately, with Li-Ion batteries, as little as a 10 minute charge gives you enough juice for a 90 minute run.If you've found this review to be helpful, please let me know!
It took a lot of research for me to finally find a GPS CF bundle (hardware and software)for a Dell Axim X5. Some how just buying the one Dell pushes was not good enough and here some of what I have learned...The Pharos units covers the audio input on the top of the X5... why is that important? Well if you are using it in a car and what to use a device to boost the sound of your turn by turn directions (ie. a power PDA car holder) ... Well you would be out of luck.The product has a lot of kinks, it has trouble with re-routing and over all is a good start but for the same money you can get something that is much better. Look into a Haicom 303...As far as software a lot of it is personal preference - look at the website of the software makers and see if you like the look of the software.Call Pharos and talk to them... I think you will find that they are more about good marketing, slick name and packaging than a mature product. Like other reviewers I can not see any difference beteen the PF022 and the PFD22 (for Dell) other than something for Dell.Check 'Buy GPS Now com' for more in depth information about GPS and software products. Amazon has a good start but there is just not enough imformation - like EXACTLY what comes in the box and any thing else (ie cords) that you will need to make it work with your PDA. Since you can not return software once you have installed it - you need all the INFORMATION you can get to pick wisely.
I am checking if Garmin 010-10469-00 describes various versions like version 2 as well as version 4, but I was sold 010-10469-00 and the disk were version 2.  The software sold to me does not reference 010-10469-00 anywhere.  It shows 007-00564-00 Rev.B (southwest), 007-00565-00 Rev.B (South Central), 007-00566-00 Rev.A (Southeast), and 007-00567-00 Rev.A (North).  I'll probably be surprised that the 010-10469-00 is for the collection regardless of revision.  I meant to purchase an open copy of revision 4 that was discounted because it was opened.  Buyer beware I guess and I hope I don't get lost in during my 25 year anniversary to the Rockies in a couple of weeks.  The seller offered a "partial refund", but an unopened 2-cd version 1 sells in eBay for $39.  I searched and searched for a description of revision history but came up with nothing.
My garmin does not line up well in the case.  It is always off center.  since I often use the USB cable, it is a chore to take it the GPS out of the case all the time.  The front side thumb button doesn't like coming out of that hole.  I will probably end up getting a different case in the near future.
Item is well made, but it is far too large.  All I wanted to store was my GPS, car charger and suction cup mount.  That way, I could have one small bag to take along when traveling.  This bag is huge!  It could hold all of that and then probably another entire GPS.  It may be sturdy, but it is not a compact travel bag.
To assess if this GPS carrying case will suit your needs; make a box of 4"x4"x7", add a 7"x4" removable divider in the middle and what you can fit into that is what you will have.  The case is roomy enough that I fit a  1. Nuvi 360,  2. 120 GB Gen 6.5 Apple iPod Classic with its earphones,  3. Cable to connect Nuvi to auxiliary input of radio  4. Nuvi cradle  5. Beanbag  6. L Mount that fits on beanbag and  7. Nuvi cigarette lighter power Cable.However, for me the 4" width is a problem as it cannot fit into a briefcase.  Consequently, have I had the opportunity to inspect the case physically before the time I would not have bought it.  However, it is definitely useful if you intent to carry it separately like a camera case and, hence may rate it higher.  But, for my use I give it a two.
This soft unsupportive Case DOES NOT hold GPS, Friction Mat, Cord & Connector! The weight of the items causes the bottom of the case to protrude! The Friction Mat is squeezed and the wings will bend and Rip open! The expensive F.M. Cord is bent too much to fit properly into the case! Finally, the accessories merge into the GPS section, partitioned by a velcro-attached divider that sticks to very loose interior cloth! This is a dollar store case. I will promptly return this and get a larger camera case made of Codura material! Thank-You. J.
I just purchased a Garmin Nuvi 760 & friction dash mount!  Well this case is.. ok! has soft inside, good construction, yes you can fit your plug, gps & mount but cant really fit my friction mount inside also like was hoping! this is too small for what i want & too big for just the gps!  pretty much just 1 big bag with a Velcro divider in the center! i have a 4.3" screen & it will slide & i think the cables can jump around & scratch it! so i am about to go to the store to go buy a hard case to put inside here for my gps! & just carry my xm in here too!
I have had this device for a a little over a week, one of my favorite runs is around Lake Merrit in Oakland CA.  Running clockwise, the device reports 3.1mi while running counterclockwise, the device reports 2.7mi. I spoke with someone from Garmin at the Consumer Electronics Show who agreed that the 301 products are not very accurate but told me that the 305 product, which uses the SiRFStarIII chip is much more accurate.  I am returning my 301 and may buy a 305.
The GPS part of the Forerunner is good, it keeps satellite contact all but in the thickest woods.  I use on my bicycles, both road and mountain, mounted with the optional handlebar mounts.The problem is that the heart rate monitor is just plain junk, sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. I started using contact gel - no difference. Garmin sent me a new chest transmitter, this worked for a couple months, now back to sometime works sometimes doesn't. Change batteries, still no difference. No I've been using Polar HR monitors since 1988 and never had a problem.Don't waste money on the HR monitor style - they are junk
I have been using my 301 for 2 months now. At first the heart rate monitor worked fine, but lately it has not been giving a consistent reading. The monitor will work for a few mintues and then stop working completely. I've stopped my workout to tighten the strap, but it hasn't helped. The GPS unit works great, but the HRM is worthless.
Unit has a hard time acquiring, then is not accurate on distance or speed. Expensive heartrate monitor is what it is for me. Good for recording several workouts but nothing more.
The product seemed to have everything you would need in a GPS. The only con is that the watch was somewhat larger than expected.
When my old Forerunner 301 stopped sensing heartbeat and I checked to make sure it was not the chest strap, I purchased a new one.  Love the unit.  On my first ride it fell off the handlebar mount (after I checked it twice) and was run over.  No problem, just go to Garmin Customer Support, explain in an email what had happened and ask what their policy is.  HA!  Fill in all the REQUIRED information, press send and --- form goes blank in both Safari and Firefox.  I'll call tomorrow but if their website, and other reviews are any indication, I'm in for a rocky time.  Wonder if any Garmin folks actually check to see if their website works.Ok, about two weeks have passed.  Got on the phone with Garmin Customer Support.  Very pleasant young man took my information and credit card data and gave me directions on how to return my unit.  Cut me a deal for a replacement.  Got the replacement yesterday and charged it up.  Must be refurbished because it won't acquire a GPS signal to save itself.  Back on to customer service tomorrow.  Like I said, great unit, if it works.....
The HRM function works great, but the GPS is not very accurate.  Did a test run on track, and the distance measured was about 8% off.
Pros: GPS is decent, moderately accurateCons: Heart rate monitor unreliable!This product is a great idea; too bad it doesn't work as planned. The heart rate monitor (HRM) is the worst! My $50 Polar HRM works all the time, every time. The HRM on the 301 works about 50-60% of the time. The rest of the time it either cannot read the transmitter or provides a highly inaccurate reading. I've tried all the "fixes": cleaning the transmitter after every run, using electrode gel, wearing the transmitter on my back, etc. Nothing helps. I can't believe that a company such as Garmin would sell junk like this. The GPS functions work OK, with the exception of the pace function. It, like the HRM, is so unreliable as to be useless. In my experiences, it can fluctuate between 7:00 minute miles to 12:00 minute miles while I maintain basically the same pace. And the slow-pace alert will sound although I'm nowhere near the slow-pace limit. Oh, and every now and then - just to make things interesting - the unit freezes up and no buttons work, even the reset. Useless.I returned mine after a month and got a refund. The Forerunner 301 just doesn't work as advertised. Garmin should step up and recall these units. But don't hold your breath.
I have had my Garmin Forerunner 301 for about nine months. During that time I have seen it has some good points but it fails significantly in several ways.I'll start with the Garmin 301's best point(s): It is an excellent GPS device for a runner. I have done several organized races on certified courses which proved the Garmin GPS is an excellent distance gauge. Your stride length can vary greatly with no affect. I have not seen anyone run with a Polar foot pod and get nearly as precise measurements as I get from the Garmin. I just ran the California International Marathon with the Garmin. At the finish, it said 26.2 miles. Compare that to the Polar with foot pod my brother was wearing that said almost 28 miles. The only time I have found Garmin's GPS questionable has been on winding trail runs under trees.Coupled with its ability to measure distance is the Garmin's setting for automatically tagging and storing mile splits. I love this function. Often times after a really long run, it's difficult to remember how you felt over certain areas of the course. This function means you don't have to remember anything. It's there.I also like that it will tell me elevation, and even the steepness of the grade I am running up. This is especially nice if you are a trail runner. However, I don't like that it won't tally the total elevation change like a Polar will.The speed and pace measurements displayed while in motion are a valuable gauge. I know of no device that does it better for a runner. But the accuracy can vary widely depending upon your overhead view. Clear sky generates an accurate reading. Throw a tree or a building in the mix and forget it. I have accepted this for what it is, a relative gauge that requires me to factor in my own judgment.If you are a really serious athlete, you might want something that will run a little longer from a single charge. It isn't waterproof and it crashes periodically with no way to reset until the battery actually dies completely.The heart rate feature, the one thing that supposedly makes this device worth $100 more than the Garmin 201, is actually its least reliable feature!! They owe me a hundred bucks! The unreliability of the heart rate monitor on this device should be so embarrassing to Garmin, it warrants a recall. Search the web. It's horrible. I routinely see readings over 220BPM. There is less than a 50/50 chance it will even READ my heart rate through an entire workout. Between the CONSTANT spikes and signal drops, there is no such thing as really knowing your average heart rate. I have given up on the heart rate function. It's a negative distraction from my training. As a result, I would not buy another Garmin 301. I would not recommend one to my friend. I would even go out of my way to dissuade a casual acquaintance from buying one if I found out they were considering it!Customer service: I sent an eight-year old monitor back to Polar with a dead battery. For the cost of shipping they sent me a whole new monitor. I sent an email to Garmin telling them I thought their product had some strong points but could benefit from a few improvements. I offered specific suggestions about the software and offered to provide any additional necessary feedback. Garmin didn't even send an automated reply.With all these factors in mind, I bought my wife a Polar heart rate monitor and a Garmin 101 for Christmas. Together, they cost less than I spent on my Garmin 301, and the combination will provide the same information far more reliably.
I bought this unit two or three years ago and until recently used it very little.  I had to take a break from running for a while.  In any case, I think the GPS is very good.  I previously had a Timex GPS (with the separate unit on the upper arm).  The Garmin is more compact, loses signal less frequently and acquires the signal quicker.  I love the ability to program workouts.  I also like Garmin's software that tracks workout and even maps the routes you've run.However, the heart rate monitor is causing me no end of frustration.  I have tried changing batteries, using different liquids on the elctrodes, repositioning the strap, etc...  But, nothing makes for a consistent signal.  This really adversely impacts my enjoyment of the unit.  My bottom of line Polar heart monitor works much, much better in this respect.
As most users have commented, this is agreat device for outdoor running and tracking workouts, although the instantaneous heart rate and pace readings can be erroneous.I have one MAJOR complaint that I haven't seen here. How come it cannot calculate calories burned indoors, based on the heart rate reading (instead of GPS)? My primary use for this gadget is a tracking tool - for my outdoor miles and my indoor calories. I don't care what my heart rate was - I want to know how many bon-bons I can eat when I'm done working out. Even $100 heart rate monitors calculate calories - why doesn't Garmin?!?!?
The calorie counting doesn't work at all without the GPS, so indoor workouts like at a gym seem not to work.  I called their technical support and they said its a measure off the distance that you travel via GPS and indoors the GPS doesn't work.  So it will always register 0.  Bummer.  For someone running outdoors only...really cool and simple.
I use this exclusively for road cycling.  First the good:It does amazing things.  It tracks everything faster and more completely than you can with a spreadsheet.  There are features I would like to see but I'm hoping the improvements can come with future softare and firmware downloads.The output is better than you can imagine.  The graphs are really informative.  I found myself over analyzing my rides.The free (for now) link with motion based software allows you to see your ride superimposed onto Google Earth images.  Wow!Now the bad:The unit froze up on me third time I used it.  None of the resets worked so the help line (only open during business hours) suggested I let the battery drain.  14 hours later the unit did function correctly.3 days later the unit lost the ability to find satelites.  This time the help desk was no help at all and suggested I either return it or send it for repair.  The estimate turn around time to be 10 days.  They should handle repairs like Verizon and send a new unit fedex and have you return the broken one.Amazon.com did not have the same price so I sent it to Garmin for repair.  In the meantime I purchased a new one locally and I'll return it when I receive the repaired unit.Guess what.  1st day out the HR monitor works only intermitently.
The Forerunner 301 seems like a great idea, but basically fails to deliver on every level. I have used it about 25 times in just over over a month and am quite disappointed.The odometer and pace meter are inconsistent . I use the lap function so that the Forerunner automatically records a lap at each mile. Though I typically run about an 8-minute pace, approximately every other run the Forerunner records a mile in the 5-6 minute/mile range, which not only skews the average pace of my run but also the distance.  Everytime I use the Forerunner, the instantaneous readings constantly jump from the low 5's to almost a 10 minute/mile pace. On a number of occassions, the Forerunner has lost the GPS signal and stopped recording distance altogether.  To its credit, over the course of an entire run, the distance reading seems more or less consistent and accurate (I have checked with my car).  However, I have run side-by-side with others using a Forerunner and we got distances that differed by about 80 meters.  It's just to erratic to be worth the cost.The elevation function is so unreliable that it's useless. I start from the exact same place every time I run and according to the Forerunner my starting elevation has varied from 180 to over 400 feet with just about everything in between. I run 5 miles and it typically gives me 4.5 miles of elevation readings. Where did the other half mile go? Did I lose at the start, middle, or end?Many others have commented negatively on the heart rate monitor and my experiences echo theirs.  It loses contact, jumps around though my effort level remains the same, and generally is too variable to be a useful training tool.All of these problems are made worse by the fact that you cannot edit the data once you have it loaded into your computer.  I'm preparing for a marathon and would like to keep track of my average pace per mile over the course of my training, but this is impossible as the Forerunner routinely throws a five-minute mile into my workout.  If you could edit the data, at least you could balance your own judgment against the Forerunner's readings and adjust its mistakes.I should note that I live in suburban Connecticut, not an area that you would expect to get poor GPS reception.  There is tree coverage, which no doubt interferes with the GPS.  Others have made complaints about problems in urban areas.  So, if it does not work predictably in a city or where there are trees, other than a beach or desert just where should one use the Forerunner?The short of it is, the Forerunner is so inaccurate that it simply is not worth the considerable cost.
I purchased the 301 in Febuary - It is now October and I am disgusted. From the very first day, heart rate monitor was very erratic (inspite of following all directions)heart rate will spike to beyond where I would be dead or sometimes totally dissapear during runs, for no apparrent reason. This unit is great for keeping general pace and distance of runs, however, it frequently says you are going too fast or too slow even when you are keeping a steady pace and this can be frustrating. The last problem, and gravest, is that as time has gone by it has gotten harder to connect and download the information - maybe moisture in the contacts? - I have talked to other Garmin owners and have heard similar complaints - this is a serious design flaw ! My unit is still under warranty - So I am HOPING that this company will honor its warranty. Anyway, If I was to do it all over again I would get a speed & distance monitor with foot pod technology (maybe from Polar) I have heard these are great. Forwarned is Forearmed and not Fore-Ripped off !
On paper this looked like the perfect product for me and during the first two weeks it worked as advertised. However, after about 8 runs I started having problems with the Heart Rate Monitor (HRM). The problem being that the heart rate did not register on the watch. Occasionally I would receive a signal but it would be completely wrong (e.g. a reading of 190 bpm during a warmup - my max is 185).I have scoured the various newsgroups on Yahoo and Motionbased.com and this seems to be a very common problem with the product (please check this for yourself by doing a search on "HRM" on either newsgroup). I've been training with Heart rate monitors since Polars were about the size of the Forerunner 301, so I don't think it is due to lack of knowledge on how to use HRMs. I've also tried the various "fixes" posted on the groups and in the manual. In fact, for the past couple of days, I've been brushing the electrodes on the receiver with my toothbrush every time I brush my teeth...As far as the GPS, I can not complain. It is a nice to run all my regular runs and find out what the actual distance is and what my actual pace is. A lot of my runs are on wooded trails and on these I often loose the GPS signal, but I knew that this would happen beforehand and can't complain about this. It works great for me when I run in the open. I also love being able to download my workouts to my PC.In summary, this would be a great product if they could only get the HRM problem fixed.
I have been using the product for about 4 weeks.  Running in the downtown areas--Seattle, Portland, Phoenix, etc. the product did not work well.  Further, running in parks with trees also causes considerable interference. I was also disappointed in the accuracy of the pace; it is slow to react to changes in pace. It is nice for general information.
This was a waste of time, effort, and money. Does not add any support to a weak signal at all. Save your money on this one.
I am sending mine back despite the restocking fee.  Word of advice:  I made the mistake that even though I was primarily looking for a GPS device, I bought this- a PDA GPS, which ain't very smart.  PDA GPS will hang, crash as they are not dedicated.  Even if you would like to have a PDA but are looking for a good GPS first, buy a dedicated GOS device.  I am not sure, how this product is good either as a GPS or a PDA if it hangs and crashes on you!Pros:Maps are good- just as rest of GarminGood battery life compared with other PDA GPSCons:Windows 2003- I thought it to be a boon, but was a curseHngs up- I am sending mine back despite restocking fee as it hangs up from time to time- in fact I missed important meeting relying on this piece of crapReception: I live in NYC, and it loses signal very frequently in manhattanSuction cup- Itz a hopeless cup and it keeps falling from the windscreen to the floor
These things aren't inexpensive, especially for a college student, but I run a lot and wanted something to help chart my progress. The first thing I noticed was the poor reception. It takes about 5-6 minutes of clear skies to sync with your local satellites, but that isn't as much of a hassle as it might seem. Just turn on the unit when you leave the house, do your stretches outside, and it should be ready by the time you are.The other issue is that it loses the signal often; if you live in an area with tall buildings, mountains, wooded areas, telephone poles, or flocks of geese flying overhead, you can expect to hear the "Sync Lost" beep at least a few times whenever you go out. This isn't a huge issue unless you're running around the block in an urban area as the device is smart enough to "connect the dots" between where you were when it lost the signal and where you are when it regains the signal. If you're running in more or less a straight line the results will come out within 10% of true distance. If you're the type of person who cares whether you've gone 8 miles in the last hour or 9, invest in a map.Despite the signal issues, I would have given the unit 3 or even 4 stars. You can account for the syncing time by stretching outside, and you can adjust for the distance errors by adding 5-10% at the end of your run. The reason it gets two stars is that my LCD display started failing after about a month and less than 100 miles. It was still usable for another month or so (in that I could figure "Ok this is either a 6 or an 8, and I know I ran more than 6...), and then the display failed completely and the device became a GPS paperweight.I realize this is almost certainly a QC issue and you aren't likely to get a bum unit like I did, so it gets 2 stars instead of 1. It's useless to me, though.
"two legs baaaaaddd......four legs gooooooodd."The tripod is the most stable structure.Three points constitute a plane.Four wheels demands a non-curved surface.Two wheels means lots of power consuming gyros and computers.
My unit failed after one day of use (never even got to the field.) Plugged it in to charge it overnight and next day only the blue LED would come on but could no longer connect. Bluetooth connections can be tricky and the paper manual provided is worthless. The on-CD manual better but is still way too spartan for a device like this.I liked the standard mini-USB cable connection for the charger (similar feature on my RAZR) but I found it vexing that you couldn't use that same cable for data (it appears to be a standard cable) but instead have to buy a "special" cable for using the data port. They give you the mobile AND AC charger but the omission of a data cable seems odd. Other units using Bluetooth and USB (such as the 4-in-1 by Wintec) provide this. I found a LOT of complaints and kudos for this unit surfing for solutions to my issues so it appears that their are some quality control problems in the manufacturing. Folks with working units seem to love them. If you get one with the bad solder connections, you are disappointed.
I've had this receiver for few months now and for the first few months the receiver worked great.  I was very happy with the performance when it worked.  The receiver was able to quickly lock into satellites and it worked better than my friend's magellan in urban area.The issue is that for the past month my unit's Bluetooth has been working intermittently. Searching the internet it seems that few other owners of this receiver has been getting the same problem.  Holux customer support is non existence so pretty much i'm stuck with a $100 paper weight. Dont make the same mistake I did do your due dilligence before spending the money to buy this product.
I had this unit for almost a year working perfectly.  Loved it.  Then one day the bluetooth just stopped working.  It will not connect and the blue light does not come on.  Definitely appears that somehow the bluetooth stopped working for some reason.Holux has no support number and they have not returned any of my emails to tech support asking for help, after several months of trying to reach them.  I am finally giving up.  I would not buy this unit, especially now reading how many people are having similar issues.  I like the look of the Holux 240, but the support from Holux is disgusting.
Purchased one based on the splendid reviews, but when I got mine, the bluetooth didn't work (didn't even light up).  I think it found its position quickly, but I could not tell because the cable to hook it up directly is sold separately.
I wanted a metal detector for my husband and son.  I thought this was a different product.  It is still in the box not being used.
I bought the unit to put in my car so that I could stream music wirelessly utilizing the AUX port in my center console.  All was well for the first couple of weeks then I began getting occasional drop outs that would last maybe :30 then the music would come back.  As time progressed the frequency of the drop outs increased dramatically as well as the length of the drop.  I finally returned the product.  I will try something else.  Maybe I got a defective unit because I bought it refurbished/used.  Who knows
This Bluetooth adapter WILL completely destroy your Home Wi-Fi Network signal and slow it down by 90 percent.also, sound does not sync when watching video, sound is off by a quarter second or so.other than that, this product is easy to set up and use.
Garmin just can't figure out how to attach one of these things to your car. Only slightly better than the original, it still falls. Don't believe the reviews you may have read, and don't believe that you will EVER hear anything from customer service/product support.
GPS,Tracking, LLC (Global Pet Finder) totally blew us off.  We contacted technical support 7 times by phone and 6 times by e-mail over a 5 day period and not one person ever returned our call. We only had service for about 6 hours over a 5-day period.  Our dog was out of her fence for an hour because we were testing the system and we did not receive one alert saying she was out of fence.  The battery went dead after approx. 18 hours and we did not receive an alert.  This product is a total waste of money not to mention time setting it up and testing it to make sure it works. We never were contacted by technical support, EVER. What a joke.  We returned it and went to VERIZON WIRELESS.  Who says it has to be made for a dog?  We purchased a Migo (GPS tracking for children) and paid $49.95 for it, you have to have a Family Plan and your phone must be "Chaperone Capable".  The GPS Capable Migo weighs about 2.5 ounces and it works! We purchased a back pack case and just clipped it to our dogs collar. We pay $9.99 per month for the tracking service (and we don't get charged for extra "locates" as you do with Petfinder)and for an additional $9.99 we can set "Fences", as many as you want such as "Home", and you get a text message on your Chaperone Capable phone if your pet leaves the designated area.  I would give the Migo 4.5 stars.  It is called "Chaperone" and would work well for the elderly also, if you have a parent or someone you worry about. Their technical support was great!
I ordered this product and received it shortly after.  I ended up sending it back.  The unit was very large (much larger than my cell phone) and rather heavy and cumbersome.  I have a really, really big dog (130 lbs), and I thought it was too large to leave on his collar.  I can't imagine what a person with a smaller dog would do.  Also, the "snap guard" that attaches it to the collar won't work on a martigale style collar (the collar must have a buckle).  The optional weather resistent pouch option will not fit on a collar over 1" wide, and is only secured with velcro.  In any circumstance where my dog was lost, that would not make me feel that it would stay attached.  So, until they make this smaller/lighter and have a more reliable way to attach it to a wider variety of collar types, it's not something we would consider using.
Simple operation on this gps device with only 1 button. About the size of a small fliptop cell phone. Comes with a standard charger and a car charger (bonus star rating for that). I wish I could tell if its actually working while I score my zone. ***Warning***this device annoyingly shuts off every ten minutes. Having to constantly check if its on. I wanted to wear it around my neck but the space to slip a neckchain through is so small I haven't been able to find anything that fits. So, as I walk I have to carry it in my hand to see it is functioning. Lame.
Help links don't work for tutorials. Roads about 100 yds off to side of actual road. Tech support useless.
This is a great VHF Marine radio if it is the only one on your vessel. DSC feature works well, NMEA interface is easy to wire in. Audio from speaker is excellent. However, it has no RF shielding and interferes with another IC-M602 and every other piece of comm gear aboard so I can't rate it any higher. Great for a pleasure boat that will have this as their only radio. The remote handset feature is great. (This is an additional option you must buy.)
I was shopping for a GPS system for my car for a few months before I decided to go with this because I already had a Palm Treo that this would be compatible with, it had built in bluetooth, and came with all the software. This sounded like a great bundle because it was much less expensive then some of the other GPS systems that included everything that this did. However after using this approximately 2 times, I found it hard to connect to the bluetooth and when I did the maximum highest volume was hard to hear even with all the windows rolled up. On one of the two occassions using the GPS it sent my Palm Treo into an endless cycle of reseting and turning on and reseting again. I tried to do a hard reset on my phone after this to stop this cycle from occuring but unfortunately I could not get it to stop. I had to goto my local phone dealer and have them take a look at my Treo, they could not figure it out either, so they replaced it with a new Treo (thanfully I pay extra for phone insurance each month).I ended up returning this item after that because I did not want it to keep causing problems with my phone but even if that didn't happen I still didn't like not hearing my phone calls or even hearing the turn by turn directions, which was a pretty good part of this package, with the exception that my female voice directions stuttered...
This might be an unfair review as it perhaps falls too much on the vendor instead of the product.Never got to use the product as the features needed with activation from phone company wasn't available in Costa Rica.Description from vendor was misguiding as it said it could be used with any sim-card - which might be true but then it was ONLY possible to make calls from numbers saved on the sim-card and it was not possible to program the buttons on the phone.
Brought this for a Garmin Edge. It is well made and very robust, but simply put its about five times too big. It fits the GPS unit, its charger, usb cable in one half of it and there is still space to spare.If you want to carry a few extra electronics on your travels, then perhaps its ideal, but I was after a case for my GPS and this is just a generic container with a Garmin logo.
I have the forerunner 405, heart rate monitor, and foot pod.  I was hoping the case would be large enough to carry these along with my charger.  They all fit, but it is very cramped.  The case isn't quite long enough for the heart rate monitor, so it needs to be folded a bit to fit it in.  On the positive side, the case is very solid and well made.
I have a Garmin Edge 705 and this is the only case that Garmin lists for it.  You could easily fit four Edge 705's in it, maybe more.  It's too short to hold the  HRM strap without sharply bending the sensor part (probably not a good idea).  I don't see how this case is a good idea.  I can throw a number of other random things in there but this is really not what I was looking for in a case for my 705.
I am an outrigger canoe paddler and wanted a GPS for training. The Garmin has all the features I was looking for but IT IS NOT VERY WATER RESISTANT. If you are thinking about purchasing one of these for paddling or other on the water activities...don't. Six months is all I got out of mine.
The Magellan Crossover comes with a protective green rubber piece surrounding it.  The GPS does NOT fit inside this case unless you remove the protective green rubber piece.
I've had it in use for about 3months now and the Garman is easy to use if you're not looking for an address that is on a highway.  To be more precise, if you're going to 123 Main St., you'll be okay if you don't mind alot of extra turns and stops.  If you're going to 123 Hwy6 or loop410, then you better check a map.  Be prepared for the Garman to get you lost or tired of making u-turns.  I have set it to avoid u-turns, take the quickest route or shortest route but it dosn't matter: it loves taking the route with the most traffic lights [forget freeways]!Screen size seems ample but don't expect a user guide or book to come with it.  You'll have to 'guess' at how best to set it up and or how to use it.I gave it 2 stars just because of the price [&lt;$165] and it seems consistant with what I've heard of other type devices.  I've used a built in model on an Acura, it was very nice and seemed alot smarter than my Garman.Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Navigator
I am baffled that no one else has pointed out the obvious with this thing! On several occassion over a 2 DAY PERIOD this thing had me taking the long way just about everywhere I went. It had me going through street lights in Oakland for 12 miles! I later found out that I was running parallel to a freeway the whole time! It would have me take earlier exits than necessary and then I'd take surface streets for miles and miles. I was glad when the 3 hour battery life came to an end and I was forced to get out my big bulky laptop with 5 year old maps and was at least able to get to my destinations without having to add 2 hours onto my trip. When I returned it to Walmart the associate said, "oh, I have this same one! She said she loves it but she doesn't always follow it's directions because it frequently has you going the long way!" Well, if you are like her and have ooodles of time to waste, this is the one for you!
I really hate to say bad things about products. I am an easy customer, but this product is not good. When you search an address, first it gives you directions. When you start traveling, it starts "recalculating" loop after few seconds or minutes later. After 2-3 recalculations, it gives you another route (some of the recalculations are completely inaccurate).The frequency of this silly recalculations are high. I also have Garmin 60CSX. 60 CSX is not a specifically designed for car navigation, but it never makes mistakes, and it is pretty reliable.I believe, the antenna of this product is not strong enough or there is a bug on it's software.In the middle of interstate highway, suddenly it stops navigating and starts recalculation. You may be physically 5 miles away from the first available exit, but after it's recalculation, it comes up with a really funny recommendations, like turn sharp left immediately (if you do it, you definitely hit the barriers).On the other hand, you start predicting when it makes mistakes. I drove from Cincinnati to Boston, and I found my way with it. (After 50 recalculations).This is an annoying machine, but it still works.
Having already used a Garmin Nuvi 370, we were very disappointed with the Nuvi 200.  We intend to replace it with the 370 which is far superior.  The 200 does not name any of the streets to turn at.  It only tells you to turn in point x miles which is not at all helpful when you are driving in an area you are not familiar with.  The 370 warns you ahead of time the name of the street to turn at and repeats the name at the point of turning.  Just listen and drive.  Much easier than having to look down at your Garmin screen and try to read the map.Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Navigator
I can't believe that the other people are talking about the same gps.  It was hard to program and slow to respond.  I saw the hourglass far more than any maps.  The points of interest must not be in my area.  It did not locate a Dunkin Donuts 3 blocks away and Hershey Lodge was a complete mystery.  I previously had a Tom Tom But my daughter talked into giving it to her.  I am returning this Garmin 200 and chalking it up to a lesson learned.
After reading all the postive reviews, I purchased this model since I just wanted a basic GPS. I recently moved to Florida and needed one to help me get around a new area. After using it a few times down here the GPS has sent me in the wrong direction every time! For example, it will tell me to take a left for .6 miles and then it will tell me to make a u-turn and go back in the same direction I came from for .6 miles. Then it took me North on the FL Turnpike only to tell me to take the next exit and head South. It made me late for my first day of work. I don't know if I just have bad luck and got a unit with old maps, but I'm definitely returning this.
I purchased a Garmin Nuvi 200 about a month ago. It worked great and had no problems for about a month. Then things went downhill. The unit would no longer connect to the satellites. It would find the satellites for about a minute then it would lose them again.I called Garmin's help line and I stayed on hold for 30+ minutes. When I finally got through, the I.T. guy was very kind and somewhat helpful. He gave me a "quick fix" that usually works (so he says) but the fix was only temporary. It went right back to having the exact same problem. Over all, I would not recommend this unit.
I think the Nuvi is a good product, but I learned a valuable lesson: I hemmed and hawwed about whether to buy the product on this website or to buy a refurbished one, and decided to buy it hear because I didn't want to deal with sending back a broken unit.  Well, I had my Nuvi 2 weeks and it white-screened on my way back home one day.  Support at Garmin was responsive, but of course they make the CUSTOMER pay for shipping back THEIR defective product!  Not impressed with that customer service!
It *should* be a great product, but the problem is that it comes with old maps. Wouldn't normally be a big deal, but new roads get built over time, so they direct you to update the maps (free!). That is where the problem begins.The update software is not intended for the 200. It is designed for units with more horsepower. And it doesn't work. It completely screwed up my unit, and judging from the complaints on Google, everyone elses too.Their C/S queue is about 200 calls waiting at any one time, so plan on spending a half hour waiting on hold. There is no way to revert to the old software. It is a nightmare!Grr!
Waste of money the updates aren't free you have to plug it into a computer to update if you choose to buy the update and it doesn't even come with the cord to do so.buy another brand a better brand this one sucks and gives bad directions.
The GPS as such was good. But the car charger that came along with it was a dump. Did not work and was broken. Good that I had ordered another charger which saved. Overall ok.
This navigation come with a very old map it does not have up to date location and roads if you want that you must update it on the garmin website but it is not free it will cost you 50 dollar or more just for a update of the map. But with that you could just buy a newer model it would be alot cheaper that way. This navigation does come with very responsive touchscreen though.
I purchased this Garmin and the maps were at least 3 years old. After using the GPS for 3 weeks, it is very hard to type the correct letters and numbers. You have to push the letter below the letter you want to get it to work. I would not recommend ordering the less expensive models online. I feel the reason they are less expensive online than in stores is that the have old maps and the stores need to get rid of the old inventory.
The navigation system is good but how amazon wrapped it and sent it was bad.  I received my package and inside the outer box was everything scattered.  The real Garmin box was opened and their was pieces of the garmin in the outer box.  No instruction manual.
If you want to register this product you will need to get a USB cable to connect online.  Garmin does not supply and the USB connection is not a standard one. This is my 1st GPS & I received as a gift. It will be the last one that I will buy from Garmin.
I was initially very happy with the nuvi- the user interface is really easy, the screen is bright & clear, the battery life is excellent. But its route-choosing abilities are awful. I don't know if the problem is specific to my area, but sometimes the routes it will choose make no sense at all, and would in fact be dangerous.Example: navigating from Albuquerque, NM to a destination in Santa Fe, NM- two cities roughly an hour apart on I-25. The interstate is the obvious way, but the Nuvi picked a route using back roads and rural highways, 15 miles longer than the interstate route and much slower. We checked the navigation settings; the unit was _not_ set to "avoid highways" and was set to pick the "fastest route". We ignored the nuvi's advice and took the interstate. At one point, 20 miles outside Santa Fe, the Nuvi urged us to exit the interstate and instead take a longer route via another road- which happens to be a narrow jeep trail requiring a high clearance 4-wheel drive! We ignored its advice.That was a particularly bad example. It seems to do better on short journeys, but we have encountered other situations where its routing choices make no sense. A lot of people seem to be very happy with the nuvi 200, but _my_ experience is that the unit's routing ability- over which you have little control- is so poor that I would be reluctant to use it in an unfamiliar area- which is the reason I bought the thing in the first place.=======================================Update to my original review- Before I returned the Nuvi, I followed Garmin's procedure to clear stored data out of memory. To my surprise, this seems to have fixed the routing problems! The Nuvi is now willing to choose routes on interstates. I've decided to keep it; hopefully the problem will not recur.
i got the reburnished box with missing part, otherwise its good. vendor has to atleast check the reburnished box to make sure all parts are in place.
This was a used unit, very inexpensive, but with no battery capacity and with vehicle vibration disconnecting the power connection it's essentially not usable. I wrote the seller about the first issue but heard nothing back, I encountered the second issue later.Garmin GPS's are great, and I like this small, pocket-size model. I bought this old model because I already had mounts for my bicycle and motorcycle (my previous unit finally died).
My Garmin NUVI was working okay for a couple months and then lost all of the data that I entered for Favorites places. The manual and website are no help trying to what happened and the customer support is next to useless. They keep answering emails with more questions rather than giving answers.
I got this thing to tag my photos with GPS metadata since my camera doesn't do that. I walked around with this thing a few times collecting waypoints. I even downloaded them to my computer a few times... but honestly the software was not very user-friendly. Then I got a MacBook Pro... and now this thing sits in a drawer since it doesn't support OS X. Lovely.
I bought this unit because of its long list of features and the split screen navigation. Each separate feature worked OK, but did not share a similar look and feel. The touch screen buttons were small and difficult to use so you may actually be better off bringing along a stylus. My main issue with this unit is the user interface. I want a GPS that can play my podcasts and music while guiding me. I don't want the weak speaker built into the GPS competing with the car stereo. So for starters the headphone jack is 2.5 mm rather than the standard 3.5 mm which meant a trip to radio shack for an adapter so that I can use a cassette deck adapter or an fm transmitter. The dealbreaker for me was when I discovered that although you can start a playlist and then switch over to Mio Maps from the MP3 player you cannot switch back and choose a different song or playlist without exiting Mio Maps and thus ending navigation.Interacting with the touchscreen was difficult with adult sized fingers and really called for a stylus. I decided to return this and pay a little more for usability. I will get either a Garmin Nuvi 750 or a Harmon Kardon GPS-810.
Garmin wins in the bike GPS category simply because there is no comparable device competing with it. I've had this device for over a year and I had a Garmin 305 before this. They have improved many bugs through firmware updates, but there are some things that you will have to suffer with:- Non-swappable battery. You would think a GPS device would be built with the long distance rider in mind, but long distance is where this device really fails. If you do very long events (randonneur events, 24 hour rides, etc), you'll need some way to keep the battery going. The battery is built into the 705, and Garmin does not offer any external power options. There are third party products you can try out, the big problem there is that if its raining you'll need to worry about water getting into the port.- It ships without maps. Yes, you bought a GPS unit and now you need to buy the maps for it separately.- Very delicate components. The cadence sensors die easily, I've gone through four in the past year (hold onto your warranty info!). In Garmins defense, they are always good about honoring those warranties. The main unit itself often gets blinky when I hit rough road. A frequent problem I have is that the street names on the map turn off, and the only way to get them back is by turning the unit off and then on again. The unit itself is light weight plastic - not what I'd expect for a rugged outdoors product.- Still buggy. Most of the major bugs have been fixed by now, but some still remain.It's still the best bike computer available, but as I said - that's only because nobody else offers the same features in a bike computer. I would love to see this product improved with a solid or rubberized case so that I could be confident it won't burst apart if I drop or hit it. The cadence sensors need to be built to survive use outdoors, as I believe the are currently intended solely for indoor use. And the battery situation is just inexcusable - anything for the bike needs to be able to operate without ANY dependency on power outlets (sometimes on multi-day rides you just don't have that luxury).
Wow, I'm usually pleased with Garmin products, but this is a real stinker.On Mac Training Center the device is unable to load ride data into computer due to profile conflicts.  The software keeps asking which profile to use and upload fails.  No progress bar or percentage to help you know when to give up.  The ride data and laps are all visible on the 705, but never make onto computer.The square blocky fonts from the 70s are out of place, their legibility (of lack there of) is really evident if you set the device to display just a couple of data fields.For the size and cost of this product the screen should be 20% larger.Designed/programmed by people that have never ridden with a cycling computer.  Unit fails to poll the speed sensor until after the satellite signal has been lost for many seconds.  Consequently auto stop doesn't work.  Every time the unit drops satellite reception the software assumes you've stopped, but you're actually going 30 mph on the drops of your bars with your head creating a reception shadow.  Accurate determination of stopped/moving is a basic function of any cycling computer and this unit fails.Average cadence data is useless as it fails to account for coasting.Lap history viewed on the unit fails to show ascent/descent totals.  You must plug into computer to see those numbers.The buttons are confusing and poorly labeled. The unit does not effectively display start/stop status and you'll lose miles of data because you pressed the stop button instead of the lap button.  The button labels are too small and are all white.The PC Training Center software is incapable of loading waypoints (favorites) to the unit.  This and other basic GPS functions are inexplicably absent.
I had an Edge 705 and it worked for about a year. When it was working, the GPS data seemed accurate, as did the cadence and speed data. After approximately a year, it stopped being recognized by my computer (or any computer for that matter).I contacted Garmin's tech support and since the unit was out of warranty (one year) they insisted that I return it for service at a cost of over $100 just for them to look at it (additional charges to be incurred later). Instead, I replaced the unit with an iPhone app in conjunction with an ANT+ sensor (for wheel speed and cadence data). Total cost: $30.
Overall works great. The biggest problem is often it will avoid expressways/highways and take you a much longer route on local roads. I live right next to the expressway on-ramp and it still will map out. I tried setting it for shorter route or shorter time and both settings make no difference. Like being able to look up a my bank or chain store if I'm in an unfamiliar area. Easy to update maps from computer.
The Navigon 4.3" case is quite large for the Garmin Nuvi 200W.  It really is too big for this GPS.
Cons:This case is too big for slim Navigon 2100 Max which I have odered aswell and I like it very much. Also the case  has too many openings - which will allow dust go into the unit if you keep it in a dusty and messy place - like my son's car.  I could use this case as a lunch box, but I already have one. So I have returned it to Amazon.Pros:Leather quality is good, also magnetic lock is nice.
The quality of this is good as it is designed for a universal GPS it leaves more space out when used for GARMIN and bit bulky in hand.
The case is too big for Navigon 7200T, makes it look stupid and lose all its slickness.  One-size-fit-all is a bad idea here.The case build quality is pretty good though.
I purchased this knowing it did not support RAW, but I still wish it did support RAW. It works OK with jpg. But I find that if I want to take it on an extended trip, I must also take the charger as the batteries last only about one day. I'm finding more use for it just as a pocket gps for keeping track of my walks and hikes.Update 3/2009:I discovered a free work around for RAW tagging that is fast.Take your pictures and carry the Pharos T&P; GPS unit.When you get home, plug the Pharos GPS into the computer, open Trips and Pics and download the data only. Then rename and save as a GPX file in a specific new directory such as c:\GPS.Download GPicSync (free!) [...] On the opening page, tell it where the image directory and the data (GPX) file is. Set the time zone offset and then click the Synchronise button. The Canon RAW files are then geotagged. I've not tested with Nikon or other RAW formats, but it works on the Canon and is supposed to work with other cameras.I now would give it 4 stars but the redit will not allow me to change it!
I'm fairly savvy regarding computers and programs.  This one has me stumped.  I used on a trip to Greece and Italy.Admittedly, I didn't use the software manual (there is no printed one)before using. While the GPS receiver did log MOST of my travels, some itdid not, perhaps my fault, but all you're supposed to do is just turnit on.  So far, I have had limited results geotagging photos to the GPStrail. As the song said: "It's gotta be me".  I'll keep fooling withit until I get it, but be aware, it's not just a "plug and play" device.
I bought mine in 2008, for a trip to Alaska, after reading great reviews in Popular Photography and on CNET.  On the long drive from Fairbanks to the Brooks range it faithfully recorded position at whatever time interval I had set, and the KML file it created for displaying the route in Google Earth worked great.  The problem was that the photos I took did not display in Google Earth, just icons for where they'd been taken.  Their location is accurate if you've set your camera's clock precisely (to match the precise GPS clock), but it's no fun if a thumbnail photo doesn't show up, preferably one you could click on and see a full-size version of the photo.  I talked to them about the problem at length, including telling them what was missing in the KML file, but they never did anything about it.  I just checked today to see if they'd ever updated the software, but they haven't.  The product hasn't been touched for over four years, and has been discontinued about as long.  Perhaps if I tried GeoSetter as someone suggested it'd work as I'd hoped, but probably not--the photos might have proper geotags but they wouldn't be linked to the KML route.  It's very frustrating--they could have made this a great gadget with a little work on the software end.  I might use mine tomorrow on a field trip, just for fun, and experience the thrill and disappointment all over again.
The case was nice and sturdy and it felt like it would protect whatever you put inside it. The case comes with removeable pouches that have velcro on the back of them, they stick to the inside fabric of the sturdy case.  Once these removeable pouches are filled, the velcro doesn't want to stick.  Primarily the largest removeable velcro pouch were you would store your GPS.I have the Tom Tom XL-S and it is NOT a good fit for any of the removeable pouches that come with this case.It's a good case, not great. It's greatest benefit is that it can store all your cables and some models of GPS.But don't expect the removeable velcro pouches to stick when they are filled.
This case is okay, what I am not a fan of, is that the little holders are velcroed in, and they sometimes fall out.
I bought this Onitech GPS last month when Staples had it on sale.I had to exchange the first unit as it had difficulty locking to GPS signal even after ten minutes into journey.The replacement unit locked the GPS signal in around five minutes.But this week the GPS system was unable to lock any satellite starting from Sunday.I called Staples support today and they stated that this is a 'rollover' problem caused by the Analog to Digital TV switch! They insisted on sticking to this reason even after I stated that the unit was working on June 13 - one day after the DTV switch in Houston. And of course we have had digital TV even before that date and the unit listens to satellite signals, not TV signals.Finally I called the support number for the manufacturer and got a voice message stating it was a firmware issue affecting all units from June 14'th.  They posted a new firmware image ([...]) which I have to try out.I would not recommend this unit as it may fail again.
Agreeing with the previous reviewers:- Web site sucks big time- In doubt there would be any update to the maps (which are of 2007)- It takes literally 5 min for GPS to initialize even on an open spot- Slow on keyboard response- A little cumbersome navigation and menuBut, can't beat the price.....
I can only speak to my own experience with Omnitech and it is mixed.  Like others, I read the reviews and was concerned, but what a great price.  So I bit.  The unit worked great the first time I fired it up.  I was really impressed with the speaking road names, but later in the day, when I turned it on again, it locked up at the system loading screen.  It wouldn't reset or shut off.  I took it back to Staples and they couldn't get it to reset either.  Then, for no reason, it started working fine.  I used it over the course of week with few problems, but then the touch screen became intermittent.  I gave the unit to my wife and daughter for a trip they were taking, and they needed to turn it off because if became intermittent.  I finally decided it wasn't reliable and took it back.  Its unfortunate because when it's working it is impressive.  I rate this low because I had to return it.  Base on my experience and the reports of others, I'm going for return rather than replacement.
This was my first navigation system, bought on sale at Staples early 2009. While the system did work on clear days, it took literally 5 to 10 minutes for the unit and the satelite to connect. If there were thick clouds in the sky I could not get a signal at all, which obviously was not helpful. I found myself using Google Map print outs more than the GPS unit. There was about 90 seconds of power once the unit was unplugged, so using it as a handheld for even short distances was not possible. I do have to say that the electronic voice was hysterical providing an occasional laugh, but in turn was sometimes difficult to understand. Just after a year of ownership (voiding any warranty), the metal piece of the adaptor that plugs into the car broke. And it wasn't from heavy use or wear and tear. Looking for a replacement adaptor has proven to be a challenge...finding one for an Omnitech is not as easy, if possible at all, as a better known system would be.Replaced this unit with a Garmin. It's like upgrading from a geriatric donkey to a BMW. I'd never purchase an Omnitech GPS again. The saying is true: you get what you pay for.
Please don't buy this unit though they are giving it for $20. There is no customer support or parts available as they stopped producing this unit.since it had lot of issues. My battery seems to be dead in my unit and their cus.care do not have any solutions except offering another brand with a discount of $15 !!!
Each time you turn it on it takes 5 minutes for the GPS to catch a signal. That could happen with every GPS, which is not a problem until this next problem. You are forced to continuously touch the screen every few minutes or it will go into hibernation mode. It still talks, but the screen turns off. That makes it dangerous for driving. After fifteen minutes of not touching it, the system turns off without warning. Each time you turn the product back on it takes 5 minutes.Worse of all, is its cheap construction. There is a rubber tab that you pull to reveal the port for the power cord. Two months into owning the product, I pulled the tab and the two tiny screws holding the GPS together broke! I could open it up like a book!I called tech support that assumed I had dropped it and said the warranty does not cover it. I took it back to the store that was gracious enough to replace my GPS.One month later, the screws broke again! The plastic on the back side that holds the screws in place breaks.This has been a frustrating purchase.
When I purchased my Omnitech I was driving from Wisconsin To Texas.  It worked fine getting me to Austin and for a few weeks afterwards it got me around the city also.  But a mere 6wks after I bought it, it started getting stuck on the loading screen and I had to reset it I don't know how many times.  Now it is stuck on the System Loading screen.  I have tried to reset it several times and it just doesn't work.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
I got the Omnitech GPS from Staples for $119.99  The unit was easy and accurate in the two days it was working. Suddenly, it started freezing up when I turned the power on. I ended up returning it. Omnitech could be a major player in GPS if they keep their prices low and worked on the quality a little bit more. Text-to-speech and a 4.3" screen for $120 is a great bargain.
I was driving yesterday with this GPS to Springfield, MO, trying to return car and fly back. And I was with 2 of my friends. I dropped them off, and took off. Then I realized later that it led us to the old airport. I have to pick them up again and re-route. It nearly caused them to miss their flight.
Garmin makes excellent GPS systems for your auto.  I have used one for several years, however, the Garmin Mobile PC software is not what I expected.  Insallation wasn't too bad but not as easy as Microsoft Streets and Trips 2009.  The Garmin software operates much like the Garmin 360 in my auto and is primarily designed for providing driving information as you travel down the street.  If you need to route out a trip, look at details and play "what if scenarios" it will not do it. In my opinion most people would be better off applying the Garmin software cost to a handheld Garmin. They are much more portable and usable. The GPS receiver that comes with the Garmin software does not work as well as their handheld units.  On the other hand the Streets and Trips loaded on a PC makes it easy to route a trip and modify it as needed. It can be used to plan trips,even without a GPS reciever connected.  I have removed the Garmin Mobile PC software from my computer and have purchased the Micorsoft product.
I purchased the Garmin Mobile PC hoping it's new technology would improve my older Garmin nRoute for PC.I was wrong. the new product does not have many of the nice features that nRoute had, like a clear map screen, ability to search all over the US and Europe in high detail, etc. (Garmin no longer supports the nroute maps)I will keep the Garmin Mobile PC for backup in case my nRoute finally crashes with age. I'm so sorry the new product just does not come up to Garmin's older nRoute
I should have thought twice but now is too late. I am stuck with this GPS unit. The only thing that is positive is the big screen, good resolution and viewable in most conditions.While navigating the display lags badly... almost a regular city block at 50 mph. At lower speeds the lag is less and when stopping at a traffic light it catches up.A lag is also present while using the on screen keyboard. You have to confirm that a character was registered before typing the next one.The voice guidance is so-so. I guess that is mostly because of the small speaker. The same speaker makes using this unit as a speaker phone almost impossible even though my 2007 Santa Fe is not noisy.Recently I found on the Panasonic website 2 updates. The latest is labeled v1.4. But after loading it my version changed from 1.004 to 1.006. The descriptions provided at the website about the updates is worthless. I hoped that the lag was fixed but that was not the case. Actually I have no idea what the update I applied fixed since all my gripes are still there. But this update uncovered another major flaw: it erased all my favorites and the software does not seem to have any way of backing them up. When I turned on the unit with the update SD Card inserted it went right to erasing files without any kind of warning. I spent several hours after that to painfully re-enter a portion of my favorites.I should have thought twice while I was still able to return it. But now it is too late.
I tried to activate this device multiple times without any luck in the area I live.I purchased the 3 month initial service discount from zoombak.I was busy, and figured I would discontinue the service when I had more time, since the device doesn't work for me.  Shame on me.Fair warning:You have a 30 day trial with zoombak.If it doesn't work the way you want it to, you need to discontinue your service by phone and return the device within 30 days.Be prepared the Zoombak rep will try again and again to talk you out of discontinuing your service.  (They told me service in my area is good...haha)In section 9.3 of the consumer agreement, there is a statement buried amongst the 21 other major headings that they will charge you $100 if you terminate after the initial 30 days within 1 year.I mentioned to the rep that the website should be more clear about an early termination fee when signing up, but she mentioned that Zoombak doesn't want you to see the early termination fee when you activate.
I purchased this product to be able to track my adolescent daughter. 9 out of 10 times it wouldn't work. Every time I called to tell them about the problem, their appaling customer service wouldn't assume any responsibility for the malfunctioning of their product. They kept "updating the system" and that didn't seem to make any difference either. I called to cancel the service and they had the audacity of wanting to charge me a cancellation fee. If your purpose for purchasing this product is to keep track of your teenager, you are much better off installing loopt in their cell, not only it's accurate but it's free.
It works ok, but it needs some improvements. They are aware of it at Zoombak, but I have not seen any enhancements in quality in the last few months:Battery life is not as advertised (only couple of days and must be recharged)Zones are hit and miss. I either get notified in 30 seconds or 20 minutes. In some cases 4 hours later! At times I will get notified that my car or motorcycle (I use it on my bike also!) left a zone. I panic and run to the parking lot only to find it exactly where I left it. Of course the one time it will be stolen, I will ignore the message. I agree with another review. The customer service people are very kind, but nearly impossible to understand. Nothing against foreigners (I am one myself), but business is business, and if your job is to converse, you should do it in a great manner, not one hard to comprehend.I have recommended this to others, but I make them aware of their shortcomings.
I read the reviews and thought "I hope I will be one of those who had a positive response to the product." I am sorry to say, it happen for me.I live in a suburb of a metropolitan are with excellent cell phone coverage. I received the unit about 10 days ago, hooked it up with the external car kit, left the unit on the dashboard and activated it. It found my location but it listed my house as 442 **** Road not 4 **** Road. No biggie, I thought; the location was "on the money." But, it went downhill from there. I tested it in my car and was surprised to see that the unit did not record 2 of my 4 stops. Each was between 15 - 20 minutes. The same thing happened the next day recording two out of three stops.The next day, I made one stop at the mall and when I checked the activity later that evening, it recorded the visit at 3:15 PM,(correct) but another at 5:50 PM and 7:30 PM! By the way, I am using approximate times. I called tech support and an offshore person with a thick accent told me to reactivate the unit and the problem would go away. It didn't. 3 days later, I checked my location on the web site and hour after my trip and it located the location and time correctly. Later when I checked it again, it showed another "visit" 1 1/2 hours later. I was getting very, very disappointed at that point.The next few days were hit and miss. I didn't try the other features so I can't say anything about them.I called tech support once again and the person said there was no way to explain my problems. I asked if the unit may be defective but she said the unit was working fine based on my explanation of occurrences. The problem, she said was the lack of clear sky but I had plenty of clear sky! She was polite about it and told me about how to handle the refund.I wish I had better review to report. I hope this helps some people in making a decision about it.
I have had this unit for almost a year now and it has done its job but for the last 4 months I have not been able to get it to work. During the time that the unit worked, I frequently got messages that said the battery was dead (this device was installed in a vehicle so it should have always had power). There were always periods where the device wouldn't work for a few days but then it would start working. Then the device stopped working all together and it would not communicate with the website. I started calling zoombak and they would do some troubleshooting with me but it never worked. After I called about 6 or 7 times they said they were going to escalate the issue to the level 3 engineer and assured me that I would get a call back within 48 hours. 4 days went by and I called back, they again assured me that I would receive a call in 48 hours. A week later I received a voice message saying that they could not diagnose the problem because my unit was off. The unit was on so I called back and was not able to speak with the engineer. The representative told me that he would call me in 24 hours but I never got a call back. I have called somewhere between 10-15 times and finally they said they would replace the unit. We will see how that goes. Zoombak has nice representatives but they are not very helpful and it took over a month to get my unit replaced even though I called every 3 to 4 days. It has been so frustrating!!!!
This device seems to work fine when using Zoombak's web site to do a location search.  The device can not be placed somewhere that heavily shields it from the outside, or it will not get a good cellular and/or GPS signal.The zone feature is the area where it's just not delivering as advertised.  Once you've set up a zone, it is supposed to alert you when the device enters or exits the zone.  Sometimes it doesn't alert you at all.  When it does alert you, the alerts are sent 15 to 20 minutes after the device has entered/exited the zone, instead of sending it within a minute or two.  If you enter and exit the zone within that 15 to 20 minute window you don't get an alert at all.This is not how it is portrayed on their little advertisement video.Lastly, good luck on reaching a level 1 tech support staffer who speaks understandable English.  This part is extremely frustrating.  Why companies who provide tech support to English-speaking countries don't make mastery of the English language a requirement is beyond comprehension.  I guess political correctness is more important than a satisfactory customer experience.
Most of the time when you leave or return to the safety zone I don't received an e-mail or text message on time. Sometimes I don't received any e-mail or message and the DC connector is loose and is dificult for me connect the charger.When I send a text message to find my mobile I never received a response.
The zone alerts just do not work at all and are difficult to setup.  Zone alerts are an area that you specify and everytime the Zoombak enters or leaves the area, depending on the setup, the Zoombak device is suppose to alert you via email or a text message.In order to setup the zone alerts, you need an address.  This may be fine for some applications, but if you are at the beach or at the park which do not have addresses, then it is very difficult to setup a zone alert.  And if the location is outside a city, it is almost impossible to setup a zone alert.Once you setup the zone alerts, the Zoombak does not always send the alert. On the one day I tried it, it only sent 5 out 15 alerts.  At a few locations, it did not even send any out.Zoombak has a 30 day risk free guarantee, but will only honor it if you purchase the device directly from Zoombak itself.
First of all, for those of you who saw the wording on the box that said, "Free 24/7 Tech. Support". That's not true at all. Their office hours are 8am-11pm and although it doesn't say, "Monday-Friday" on their website, they have never been available when I've tried them on the weekend. Even on week days I find it difficult to get through. In many instances I called on a week day and got the same message I got on the weekend, which was, "Please call back during our regular office hours." I was left screaming, "I AM CALLING DURING REGULAR BUSINESS HOURS, DANG IT!"Unfortunately, I was unable to register the 2 units I purchased on the website. So I needed tech. support to help me get them working. Even when I finally did reach support, it took hours to get the units up and working, which I find totally ridiculous.Once the units were working, the technology is actually very cool. I was able to do exactly what I wanted with them, which was to track a vehicle everywhere it went. Unfortunately, it almost took an act of Congress to make it all work.Decent technology. Decent Product. HORRIBLE customer support!
The product advertises no hidden fees -- but that's not quite true.  If you cancel within 12-months of activation, early termination fee of $100.  On top of that, they will turn your device into brick and you won't be able to pass it on for someone else to use.It's a decent product, but the poor contracting makes it difficult to like.
I bought the Pet version of the Zoombak about a month ago and I'm sorry to say after a week of testing and multiple consultations with the Zoombak Technical Staff I did not have enough confidence in it to place it on my dog. I returned the unit to Amazon and received prompt credit.I also received an immediate credit from Zoombak for the year service that I had signed up for upon registering my unit because it was within their 30 day risk free period. The Zoombak staff was very courteous, and I'm sure they would be of assistance in locating your dog if you requested, however it wasn't until I asked to speak to a Technical Supervisors did I feel comfortable that someone understood the difficulties I was experiencing with the unit. As most of you probably know the Zoombak uses a combination of a Cellular Phone and GPS service to provide you informationn on your pet. The cellular portion of the system worked fine. I received immediate notifications when I turned the unit off or when the battery was low. Both of these options, which you can select upon setup, use the cellular portion of the unit. Another function that uses the cellular portion in combination with the GPS is the mobile locate function capability. It worked fairly well.Now for the problems I experienced. After repeatedly setting up Safety Zones per the instructions that came with the unit, per the information I found on the Zoombak Website and finally the instructions I received from the Zoombak Technical staff I could not get the GPS side of the unit to recognize that the unit had left the Safety Zones I had established. I tested the unit by placing it on the windshied of my car where I normally place my other GPS units and leaving the established Safety Zone for a minimum of 15 minutes. Most time I stayed out of the Zone for 30 minutes or longer. On 3 occassions I called the Zoombak Technical Support Staff to verify that the unit was operating properly. They assured me that it was. On one occassion they had to re-sync the unit. At their instructions I increased the radius of my safety Zone. The minimum Safety Zone is 110 yds. I increased it 4 times out to a radius of 700 yds. the maximum I would would accept. On all 4 tests at these distances I received no mobile of E-mail alerts that the unit had left the zone.I own 2 Garmin GPS units and both of them work perfectly up to 10 ft of my home so I see no reason why the GPS unit packaged in the Zoombak couldn't lock onto the require 3 GPS satellites and recognize that it had left or re-entered the safety zone. On one occassion I had the unit in an open area 20 miles from my home and received no alerts.Given that Zoombak assured me that my unit was working perfectly I can only assume that they are either using an unreliable GPS Receiver in the unit or that the software program they are using to provide the alerts is not perfected.A couple of  other observations. If you watch the Zoombak video or the Martha Stewart Show video clip you might get the impression, as I did, that once your dog leaves your yard or premises  you'll get an immediate  notification that it has left. This is not the case. Your dog must physically leave your established Safety Zone and stay out of that zone for 15 minutes. If it wanders back in and out of the Safety Zone within the 15 minutes you get no alerts. I was concerned that my dog would be long gone before I knew about it. My other concern was that if someone took my dog and placed it in a car I would not be able to track it.The GPS instruction that accompany the unit clearly state that the Zoombak unit must have a clear line of sight to the GPS satellites in order to track it. This is the case with most GPS units. Unless you can train your dog to sit in the front seat you might have problems.The bottom line folks is that if you love and care as much as we do about our dogs you should be wary of this product at this time. It's a great idea but not one that I want to be a Beta tester for especially with the cost of the unit, monthly service charges and concerns for my dogs. If you purchase it I stongly suggest that you test it extensively within the 30 day risk free period and by all means before you place it on your dog. Good Luck.
this is probably a great unit, if you are in T mobile cell coverage. if you are not it wont work at all. if i had known that before buying i wouldnt be stuck with a useless unit like i am now.
The Zoombak was purchased to use in a largely rural area, and when it 'could not be found' often customer service said it needs to be in range of a T-Mobile Cell tower.  Well that doesn't fit the description of a very rural area.  So cannot use it to track children or off-road vehicles in case they get lost when they are out in the country.Other than that, it works well, as long as it is in a town of decent size.
I had Zoombak installed on my car last winter.  For the price, $15 per month, it seems ok.  The main reason I want it is if my car is ever stolen, the guy who steals it is probably going to jail and I'll get my car back.  My truck was stolen from my garage 2.5 weeks ago and so far, it hasn't been found...wish I had Zoombak on it.One problem I have with Zoombak is the price.  I own a fleet of landscape vehicles, 9 vehicles total, but to install zoombak on all of them would cost me about $1800 per year.  State Farm offers no discount on my insurance prices if I pay to get Zoombak.The other problem I had was once, when I had my car in the body shop, I logged into my Zoombak to demonstrate it to a friend.  My car could not be located, so I'm not sure how well this works if a theif steals my car and parks it in a garage/chop shop with a metal roof or whatever.As for being tell where your car was when it was driven earlier in the day, I'm unimpressed.  It's always been able to locate my car when it's parked in my garage or in the street in front of my house, but because my house is the only place where I have internet access, I've been unable to test it anywhere else.
I bought this to keep track of a car that I loaned to a somewhat irresponsible relative.  Worked great most of the time, other times it didn't- I think most fault was due to the website. Couldn't get the cell phone callback to work ever.CAUTION: IF YOU PURCHASE NEW, YOU MUST BUY THE 1YR CONTRACT. IF YOU DECIDE TO QUIT THE CONTRACT EARLY, YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY AN EARLY OUT ($100) IF YOU DECIDE TO COMPLETLY BE RID OF THE ZOOMBAK, THE EMAIL ACCT YOU CREATE WILL BE STUCK WITH IT FOR LIFE! YOU CANNOT CHANGE THE EMAIL ACCT
This was hard wired into my car so there are no battery issues but it is in a place where if they want you to reset it I cannot get to it.  Reseting it is their only answer to a fix.From their website it never locates the car right away using the "locater center" tab.  I have to go to the "tracking tab" and hit "continuos tracking" and wait about 10 minutes to ever find the car.  Figure this is similar to a cell phone with horrendous reception and all the problems a cell phones have with location.
When I put the device on my dash and drove around it seemed to work pretty good, although I was getting a few "unable to locate" messages on the Zoombak server.When I installed the device behind the glove box as instructed it worked as long as the vehicle was sitting idle.  When the vehicle was in motion I could not locate the device.  And, after the vehicle stopped moving it seemed to take several minutes (30+) for the device to reconnect to the network.  So, if you were tracking the vehicles movement and the Zoombak lost network connection you wouldn't be able to determine what stops the vehicle had made.  Which in effect makes the device useless to me.
The product came missing the home charger and after several weeks I still cannot get Zoombak to send me one. There are also no directions on how to install the car kit and so I am having to charge the device with a car charger every two days.Zoombak said they would email me a list of installers in my area and that has not happened yet either. I would say this has been one of the worst customer service experiences I have had and wonder how this company will make it long term.
I don't understand how this device has 4 out of 5 stars on Amazon.First of all, don't even think you can just throw this in the trunk and it will work.  It will never be located.  The closer you can get it to an open view of the sky the better.The odd thing is that for the first couple of days the device seemed to be working decently well.  At this price point I didn't expect it to work every single time I hit the "locate" button but performance got worse and worse to the point that on the third day I set it on top of my car in front of my house and logged-on and it could not be located!  The "zone" feature is completely worthless but I knew that going in after reading reviews on this website.The "locate" and "continuous tracking" features worked for the first few days but now my device is unable to be located sitting out in plain view in my front yard.  I live in the 12th largest city in the US, cellular service is not an issue.Right now I am trying to upgrade the software on the device so that it can give speed readings.  It is suppose to take up to 20 mins and it has been about an hour now.I foresee returning the device under the 30-day guarantee.  I do NOT recommend this device.  It is not consistent.  I will update this review if I return it and advise how that process goes.----UPDATE 1----I had to call Support because my Zoombak device would not upgrade to the newest software and I could not use it because it constantly says that it is upgrading.  They stated this is a known issue and they are working to resolve it in 24-48 hours.  Will give update in 48 hours.  If it is not fixed and working reliably I have decided I will send it back.
Once upon a time (3yrs.ago) this little gadget might have been considered hi-tech technology but in today's world of GPS tracking devices this little black beeper falls short of performance along with its poor battery life span. I don't understand how this company has managed to keep itself afloat and stay competitive when their unit + subscription cost is obviously overpriced!
Dead simple to use -- turn it on and go.  Satellite reception seems excellent -- never a problem.  Small and seemingly indestructible.  Connects to the computer as a USB drive so it couldn't be easier to retrive your tracking data.  But that's where the problems start.  The tracking log is in a propietary format which means you have to use the included software to convert to a universal format, which is about all it's good for.  The included Photologr software is clunky, slow, and buggy.  Trying to tag a hundred or so photos is enough to cause it to choke and hang.  The bad software would be forgivable if the data was logged in a useful format that could be imported into other, better geotagging software, but ultimately the proprietary format makes for a deal-breaker.  Also, this unit can be used only as a data logger.  Newer GPS units can do double-duty as a data logger and interface with map applications for driving directions...I'd recommend looking elsewhere for your data logging needs.
It supposed to work for most gps, but it didn't work on my garmin 255, a popular type.
The screw securing the plastic cover was over tightened and fractured the material.  Was able to drill out the hole and use a larger screw
I purchased this product to track our former nanny.  The device never located itself and never updated.  Customer service was very challenging, spoke poor English and did not fix the problem - constantly presumed it was my fault even after walking me through the steps that I had just done and then blamed me when it wouldn't work.
this gps has great graphics but can't be updated...i have tried so many times, no joke. can't find the update maps anywhere...would give it a 5 start if update was easy to get and install. the arm that comes with the gps is not strong enough. it can't hold the gps in place after afew months of use...don't recommend.just keep this for back up, but my good gps is a Garmin.
The light did not put out the brilliance of a normal, new battery.  The battery did not perform much better than the one it replaced.  Othere than that, the price was good comoared to other vendors.
Batteries can withstand only for two hours, not all functions works. Can not connect to Real time GPS tracker to listen to real time voices.
Questions for whoever get this thing worked:1. The battery is kept coming off it doesn't seem to hold the battery well. It kept shutting down when I opened its back the battery would just fall out. There is no holder or anything to hold the battery?2. I hold down the battery and turned it on. I send the command from my phone &#34;begin*password&#34; and it won't respond. I texted 3 times, no reply. Does it mean, the device is defective?I am upset I paid gophone and refill card for nothing. Meantime, it counts all my texts and my text account is already 1/4 used. Also I had to buy a power socket convertor too (the silly thing has europian plug).
It does not reply to my calls unless I reset the unit by removing the battery.Also,sometimes,if the car is moving I have no coverage.I do not know but I have tried differant SIM card and another Car mini GMS/GPS/GPRS car tracker but still not working as it should be.
This item is great it was bought for use with the lewmar windlass and so far has been a great product.
The GPS is actually a pretty nice piece of equipment- once you go online and download all the updates for it. The problem I have was I ordered the package deal with mapping software. Nat Geo maps no longer exists and I had a bunch of credits for map purchasing that I could no longer renew. Vantage Point aerial software that came with it told me that my GPS was past the date of available registration!!!!!!! I began to do some research about this product on line and became quite happy- at the fact that I saved my receipt when I purchased this thing. The reviewws were terrible and I took it back, got a Garmin Etrex 20, and couldn't be happier. The only reason that I gave this product 2 stars is becasue the GPS by itself is not a bad GPS in my opinion. If you are one of those computer whizzes and are savy about using the different on line mapping programs out there, then you might be happy with this. However, calling Magellan's customer service has been reported to be a nightmare. I never tried it but have read many- many posts on forums of bad dealings with Magellan. So calling them to ask about aftermarket software might be a chore in itself. I say get a Garmin and be done with it.
Compact. microSD allows expandable output capacity. User-configurable tracking density. Impressive battery life. Tested fine in America and the Middle East. But in Australia and New Zealand, satellite LED is mostly steady, showing that it's getting a fix about 1% of the time. South African and Peruvian experiences from other reviewers seem to confirm that it has problems in the Southern Hemisphere.
Being a semi-experienced amazon shopper I felt comfortable ordering a protector for my Garmin Oregon 450 GPS. I did the research and read reviews and settled on the Zagg product. I ordered, and was surprised by the earlier than expected delivery (1 day early). When I opened the package the only problem that I have with this product became very apparent. I ordered the shield for a Garmin Oregon 450, which Amazon stated would fit exactly. What I received was a Zagg sheild for what appeared to be an iphone sized device. I double checked the package, nope - listed as Garmin Oregon 450. I ended up giving / selling it for $10 to a friend. I gave it 2 stars as my friend reports it works great on his iphone.
Even after reading the other reviews on the difficulties to install I bought this product.  I did get installed, but it was way harder then it should be and I still had air bubbles.  Not happy with it and will not purchase another.
This is my sixth screen saver from Zagg. I have had good experience overall with all the Zagg products, until now.  My problems don't originate due to the installation difficulty, although installing these can be tricky so I can understand some of the other reviewers difficulties.The previous five that I purchased have been excellent.  Fit has been great and quality was top notch.  The screen savers are still working well.This newest screen saver is for my Garmin Oregon 450 GPS.  I installed it without much effort but I then noticed that it did not quite fit correctly (I should have dry tested it first).  It was ever so slightly longer than the screen.  The side to side length was perfect.  This extra length leaves a small "lip" on the top area-causing it to reflect sunlight a bit, and it will eventually collect dirt and get worse.  I tried unsuccessfully to move it into a better position by re-wetting it with the solution provided but it did not help. I don't want to cut it because I'm worried that it will get worse.I also noticed when I wiped off the excess liquid that the "orange peel" screen now has two large areas of smudges.  The gps was right out of the box and the screen was perfect.  I can assume that I somehow caused the damage on the screensaver using the provided squeegie and the solution.  I will mention again that I've done this previously on 5 other Zagg screens and have never had this problem.Needless to say, the extra material and the large smudges on the screen make for difficult viewing of the gps, especially in direct sunlight.  I expect that I will ask Amazon for a refund, and look to find another product from now on.
Very Dissapointed, after so much trouble to set up the instalation, the transom mount came missing the plug. Some pics show with some without it.
The screen covers are useless since a small strip of paper remains on them in order to remove the cover.  The strip covers part of the screen obstructing the view, thereby making the covers pointless because you now cannot see all of the screen.
I got this because there was another Belkin armband that I really liked.  This one is not as good because it sticks out farther from the arm and loosens as you work out so it starts slipping around.  There are better ones out there.
The armband is too small for an average guy's arm, maybee even smaller. the clasp broke after two weeks of use, and the fit is not tight enough to use the touch screen. Carefull, not worth the shipping.
The service was great from the people I ordered from...but I didn't expect the case to have a rubberband type strap.  My garmin is pretty long and with my acrylic nails I know it was only a matter of time before I broke a nail trying to get the strap connected or disconnected.
I bought this case for a nuvi 550w, and as the title says, I don't like it. Main reasons:1. The GPS fits very tightly in the case.2. As it is very tightly inserted in the case, it is too easy to inadvertently push the On button, draining the battery.3. It doesn't have something to attach it to the beltTo its favor, I have to say that the material and the button with the Garmin logo look good.As I was kind of dissapointed with the case, I went to a Radioshack and found a very decent case with magnetic lid that perfectly matched my nuvi. To my luck, it was on sale for $3.49!.
good quality but a very tight fit.  It fit the 4.3 inch garmin, the elastic strap has to stretch to its limit and was difficult for me to stretch to close.
Garmin designed this GPS carrying case with a cheap elastic strap to close.  When it inevitably breaks (I give it a year or two, max.), you'll own a nice case that can only be kept closed with a rubber band.  They should have used either velcro, a zipper, or a metal snap.  I decided to return it and buy a Case Logic product (GPSP-2 Professional) that was only slightly more expensive but is a durable nylon case with a heavy duty zipper.  It also has a separate lined and padded compartment for the GPS device and is large enough to store the car charger cable.
I m lucky to have been able to review a lot of data logger, and this one makes me have mixed feeling about it.+ : the lcd display contains useful information, speed, memory status (%), altitude, etc..- : you need to UNPLUG It to use it in the car.the software part isn't reliable to get the log, unless you use a third party software such as :[....]which supports natively the mainnav productsthe shape of the gps is pretty "squarry" and if you want a flat model, look for the visiontac vp900
Careful this prodcuts been listed WRONG the name and Photo are for the FULL pruduct but Third Parties have been using this name and photo for a ONETIME upgrade not the FULL product.
It works fine once it gets going, but it takes a LONG time to find the GPS signals (15-45 minutes).
Does not work as expected. It tracks almost every inch of a trip and you have to scroll through millions of records to get the info you want. I returned it.
The map is not user friendly. It is not easy to edit and could not show distances from say a central point to other addresses. It was not even possible to indicate a central point and plot your way around the central point. Indeed I contemplated returning as I considered it a waste of money but I misplaced the return label and thus forced to keep it.
The Nano Geocache that I received had the paper stuck in the container. It was also a lot smaller than I thought it would be- the diameter is smaller than a penny.
I bought this to protect my new eTrex Vista HCx, and I will probably not be using it.  I think I threw away the package otherwise I would return it.  This case supposedly fits any eTrex, but I do not think it fits the Vista HCx very well.  The "joystick" that you use to control the majority of navigation through the menus gets bumped by the case all the time, and the case really is not cut right because if you fully insert the unit into the case, the joystick is mostly covered up by the case.Buy at your own risk, it appears there are much better cases out there. I am going to be buying a ZAGG invisible shield screen protector and probably a Foarm case.
This is a neat gadget that saved me from having to spend $200 dollars on a 3-sensor watch with the same features, though, as mentioned before, the altitude and compass are never really accurate.On a recent trip though the Eastern Sierras, on HWY 395, where the elevation varies from ~100 ft up to ~8300 ft, I compared the reading of the TrekGuide to my GPS the readings varied from 30ft up to more than 700ft. I would manually set the altitude to match the GPS, but, within minutes, it would be off again.Regarding the compass, after calibrating it, the direction would also be off within a matter of minutes. At one point, it would never want to show "west". As I rotated it, the compass would go straight from south to north or vice versa.That being said, the temps and time seemed to always be accurate. Regarding the barometer, I have no clue, however, when the numbers were lower (~23.xx) it was windy and cold and at the higher range (29.xx) it was hot.At this point, I feel like I wasted my money, but I may be doing something wrong and plan on contacting celestron for some tips before giving up on it.
I bought this for trail hiking so that I'd have at least a rough idea of my orientation and altitude.  It took me a while to figure out how to set the barometer, but I think that I've got it figured out to the extent that it can be figured out.  It seems odd, though, that the sea level reference drifts--still, for my purposes it's probably good enough.The compass likewise seems to have some calibration quirks.  I set it at home, took a short trip in my car with it, brought it back home and found that it didn't indicate directions the same as at calibration time.  That seems to suggest that it needs to be calibrated at the trailhead for each hike, which is not awful but certainly less than optimal.I'm keeping it in spite of the limitations, since my expectations for a device that cost what this did were modest.  I don't think that this is a good choice for serious off-trail navigating, though.
Edit: I've used this for more than a year now. The software is so onerous to use that I often just don't bother geotagging my photos. I would not recommend this device.===In short, this is good hardware with awful software.The hardware is good. The motion detection is very sensitive, so I never worry about whether it has turned itself on or not. Positions logged are fairly accurate; there is some inaccuracy in all situations, especially around obstacles such as tall buildings. But any bad data logged usually only affects a single data point.The software is awful.- The generated gpx files contain a section that makes them unreadable to Google Earth. Expect to manually edit every gpx file you create if you want to use it with third party software such as Google Earth.- The Windows 7 driver hasn't been put through Microsoft driver licensing, so you will need to boot with that feature turned off each time you want to connect the device.- The Windows 7 driver causes a BSOD when you try to let Google Earth acquire a position from the connected device.- The interface for getting data out of the device, creating a gpx file and geotagging images is inconsistent and confusing.I like the motion detection. I like the size. Neither are worth the pain of the software. I wish I'd bought something, anything, else.
The software used to download the GPS data logger is very badly designed.  The allowable user actions are not intuitive, icons and used for the sake of icons-being-used without forethought about whether it makes sense to just list the allowable actions in text (as opposed to ICONS!).  Being a developer in the past myself, it became immediately clear to me that the interface was written with very little consideration for actual user needs, and I doubt much proper usability testing went into it.  E.g. what kind of a software opens up a pop-up modal dialog box (i.e. one that requires you to close that dialog before proceeding).  This dialog-box was was for "editing detailed waypoint information", and it did not have a horizontal scrollbar to view details of the displayed track table, and worse, the "Exit" button for that modal dialog-box kept appearing and re-appearing (may not be tested for Windows 7 Prof, 64 bit), thus forcing me to do a force-quit of the application?  Why can't I turn off the tracks selectively for review, and instead I have to see all the tracks at once and guess which track corresponds to the one displayed on screen?  And, yes, I have the latest version of the software.  Ridiculous. I give the software a very big, unqualified, thumbs down.  Shows little or no thought went into usability design and testing.Hardware wise: it's OK, except that it takes a longer time to get a GPS lock then my Motorola Razr cellphone.  The design of the on-off button makes it vulnerable to the device being turned on (or off) by accident if something presses against it, like the inner liner of your bag where one would store it in-transit while it is not being used!  Again, this suggests that user-scenarios, use-cases, and usability testing was not performed properly.  I wonder how many users have had the unit unknowingly turned on while boarding a plane only to have it on during a flight when such devices are supposed to be turned off...I would not recommend this unit.  If you buy this, then use the bundled @Trip s/w for geotagging photos, but d/l the data and export the data to a GPX format file for use in another GPS editing software, like the free RideLeader s/w package, that will allow you to edit and verify the GPS tracks.  You will want to edit the tracks to name and edit (join, split) tracks so that they are meaningful years later, or if you are sharing those tracks with friends and family.  E.g. there will be errors in the GPS data (for example, due to bad availability of GPS signals that throws off the position by tens of meters) that you may want to get rid of.  RideLeader has its own flaws, but allows you to pretty much easily import the GPX file, edit the tracks, and re-export the data to a standard GPX format file.
Otherwise appears to be a good unit, but the power plug connector broke the first time I removed it from the device. Seems like a significant weak point. Returned for refund (thanks Amazon) and will try a different brand.
Received the TomTom very promptly from Amazon.  Purchased the option with the "lifetime maps and traffic".  The TomTom was factory sealed and included a card with the activation code.  Unfortunately following TomTom's instructions for registering the activation code failed.  This must be a known issue as they have a support page entitled "Activation code error - an error has occurred - please try again".  Following those instructions step by step and still no dice.  The code is not being accepted.  Called TomTom support - after a lengthy period of time I was able to speak to a support person who took down the basic info - serial number - etc -- he verified that the map installed on this brand new unit is NOT CURRENT.  He seemed puzzled and asked to put me on hold.  While on hold I was disconnected and despite having provided my contact phone, never received a call back from this CSR.  Have sent an email to TomTom to document the issue and received an auto responder."Thank you for contacting TomTom Customer Support. We have been experiencing an unusually high number of incidents which has been affecting response times. Your question has been received and you will receive a response from our support team as soon as possible."Will give TomTom 48 hours to respond with a correction to the problem - else the unit goes back to Amazon.
Very poor user instructions - almost need to be a techie nerd to be able to use its full capabilities. For the novice, it takes a lot of trial and error and patience. For example, in preparing for a long trip with many stops, I like to program all the stops into the gps in advance and then be able to call each up as needed. As of now, I have not been able to do that. Other gps systems I've seen, have had very detailed user instructions. Why TomTom does not is a good question.
I won't go into all of the technical details, since those have been nicely covered in other reviews.  However, after driving with this unit for 5 months, I'm left hugely annoyed and irritated with the lack of functionality.Here are my main gripes:1. Time to acquire signal: can be 1 minute, can be 5 minutes depending on how urgently I need to know where I am, apparently. Time to acquire a network connection for Live services can be anywhere between "at some point, maybe" to "never".  It often just can't connect to whatever wireless Live network it uses, but who knows why or when this will happen.2. "Live" services for gas are useless.  The "find the cheapest gas near me" may as well be a random number generator. The prices it quotes for various gas stations have absolutely no relationship to the actual price of gas at any of these places!  It's not even a proportional mistake, but truly just a random accumulation of improbable numbers assigned to the gas stations in the area. And it's always WAY off, not just by a few cents. I don't know where it gets its numbers.3. Traffic services are equally useless. It commonly reports 10 minute delays when I'm driving on a clear and free road. It commonly reports no delays when I'm stopped in traffic for half an hour. I get that the information comes from traffic reporting units on the side of the road, but you'd think it would incorporate real user data (like multiple user's units are all reported to be on a 65 mph road, but are all standing still for 15 minutes = traffic or accident delay). My phone app Waze does this - it can't be that hard. So then I have to wonder how much to trust the "IQ routes" knowing that it's probably misreporting any en route delays. Do I really need to thread back and forth on side streets under the main expressway to avoid a phantom traffic delay and save 5 minutes? Who knows.4. More on the "traffic delay" issue: so when the unit detects a delay ahead (real or imagined) there is only the TINIEST little weird icon notification in the far upper right of the screen and a race flag with something on it (too small to see, so I don't even know what it's supposed to be). The icon itself a tilted car with a circular arrow over it (why?), and so easy to miss that even when I'm looking for it I often can't see it. And then, once you realize there is a delay, you are to somehow stroke your finger over the edge of the screen covering a ~1/8" strip - you have to be precise, and it's a SMALL little awkward strip to accurately touch, and even my small fingers almost always swipe a teeny bit too far left and I have to wade through a mistake menu... regardless.... even when you do accurately touch the tiny sliver of screen that unobtrusively alerted you to an upcoming (maybe) traffic issue.... you then have to concentrate on the menu choices it gives you to perhaps work around the upcoming phantom traffic jam.  And it has a lot of questions for you. All of this to be accomplished while driving on a highway. I've never once been able to go through the complicated steps to avoid a (maybe) traffic jam. It stinks. It's frustrating and dangerous to have to be so involved with a complicated and detailed set of navigations while driving.Why do they not make the alert noticeable? I don't know. Why don't they give you a large single touch button that appears when there's an upcoming delay - that you can see, and that is easy to push while driving? And set to a default "calculate alternative", which I'm assuming is what most people would like to do if possible before they get to a traffic jam?  Too easy? I guess so.  This issue (and the fact that it more often than not gives you bogus information about traffic anyway) makes the "traffic" feature useless.5. This may sound petty, but I drive in Boston, home of the "Big Dig" - a set of underground highways that allow you to drive under key areas of the city.  Naturally the GPS signal cannot reach into them, although there are sometimes complicated exits, splits and offshoots you have to take to get to the other side of the city.  Not the fault of the GPS that the signal can't reach underground, I get that. However it does know WHERE the tunnels are, and it does know that the GPS unit is about to enter a tunnel, so instead of the grey screen of no-signal, why not default to a simple text list of the next set of turn-offs you would have to follow?  The unit is about to freeze anyway - why not freeze with the information it already calculated locked on it?  When you enter the tunnel, it is already alerting you to the next exit or turnoff you need to take. But when it loses the signal it erases that information from the screen. There's no need for that! It basically takes away information you need that it's already calculated and has nothing (at that point) to do with having a signal. I get so frustrated with that!Other than those frustrations, the nuts and bolts GPS part works just fine. I find the route calculations to be on par with any other unit I've used. It has some strange preferences for routes, but so has every other unit I've used.  It often over-alerts me NOT to get off at an exit - okay, cool - and sometimes has trouble when multiple highways converge or diverge and you must be in a certain lane to be on the right highway - it just doesn't even address the lane issue and points you "straight", but since it includes the number of the highway you want, it's easy to match up to the signs in front of me.  It does a good job navigating rotaries, which some units don't, and that's a plus. And it tells me which side of the road my destination is, which I appreciate.It seems, reading back over my review, that the negatives at this point mostly have to do with the Live and traffic services more than the maps.  I've been relying on my phone for backup for those services instead, and together the two units do the job.
This GPS is great when it works. However, while giving directions, it will reset on its own and start over, with the TomTom loga and then the legal notice.  And the legal notice will stay there until the operator acknowledges it, even on the freeway.  At that point in time, I need directions, not a legal notice.I had at least one occurance when the GPS gave a blank green screen and would not manaully reset even though the start button was held down for 20 seconds. I had to pull off the road and manually reset it three times before it would operate normally.I consider it unreliable and would like to return it to Amazon.com. I need a device which is reliable and functional, not one that repeatedly resets on its own.
This review is for people who use a GPS device muliple times a day!I purchased the TomTom XL 340TM about 2 weeks ago and have been using it almost every day since then.Overall, I think it is feature rich but it has very poor performance and actual usage brings some issues.First, I want to say that I have been using various GPS units since 2005, including a Garmin unit, and also I have GPS on my Android phone via the free Google Maps with navigation application.Also, I want to mention that I am a delivery driver, and every day I input between 15 and 30 different addresses, some of which repeat every couple of days or once a week.After using it for a while I found these cons / bugs / issues :1. The screen is not as responsive to touching as is a Garmin unit. 10-15% of the time I press buttons it does not recognize my pressing. I have tried both slower typing and faster typing techniques, and either way it was not very responsive. Or at least not as much as a touch phone or a Garmin unit.2. When you start typing an address you have to input a street name first and then a street number. This may not be a big problem for most users, but the industry standard for GPS units is the opposite: 1st you type the street number, and then you type the name. For users like me, who are delivery drivers, and use it multiple times every day, and also have used different GPS units, this is a problem, because I found myself sometimes by mistake typing the street number first (but it asked me for the name).....so lets say I type 505 (Eastern Ave) by mistake because I am used to typing the number first, it looks for 505th street, and that is really frustrating, cause then I have to go back, type again....and so on....you get my point.3. Let's say you've typed the street name and number already, and you know how on most GPS units it will show you a confirmation page with the desired address with a ZIP code, for example: "5000 W. Main Street, Pasadena, CA 90123"(not actual address) and asks you "Are you sure" or something similar, and you have to press OK. But this unit does not show you the full address with ZIP code on a confirmation page. This is very important for delivery drivers, because we are actually required to double check the ZIP code. At least at my job we are. When using this TomTom unit, nowhere I see a ZIP code, not even when I arrive at the destination. That is a serious problem for me, it shows me that the map developers cut some corners.4. When talking about arriving at your destination, I encountered another problem - this TomTom unit does not show the street number (nor Zip Code), it only shows the street name. For example, if I type 36458 W. Hollywood Blvd , and follow the route, when I arrive there, the street number gets erased, and the unit just reads "Arrived at W. Hollywood Blvd", whereas other GPS units would say "Arrive at 36458 W. Hollywood Blvd". That is also very frustrating to me at least, cause I have to look at my workorder and double check the street number, especially as you know most GPS maps will say you have arrived at this house, but it is actually 2 or 3 houses down the street...anyways I don't like this...5. Also after arriving at your destination the unit does not seem to automatically erase the route like a Garmin unit does. So let's say you start going backwards the same way you came, you can see the whole route you just navigated on to arrive at that destination. Sometime the unit will even think you are trying to go back there and will start rerouting you back to that destination. You always have to click on the bottom right corner, then click on "details", and then click on "clear route" to clear it! Now, that is not the case with other GPS units, so this is a big downfall for me.6. The zooming feature is not like on other units. On my Garmin and on my Google maps on my phone, when I zoom in and out, there are multiple different views. On this TomTom, there are different views too, but from the point where you are very close to the map, to the 3rd and 4th level(press) of zooming out, it does not show much info on the map.On a Garmin unit, if you zoom out about 3 times, you will still see lots of street names, and POI. On this TomTom, when you zoom out 3 times, you do not see much information, just the street name on 1 or 2 major streets and that's it - again this is poor map design.Also it does not have auto zoom-in feature. On my Garmin even if I am zoomed out, the map will zoom in closer when I am making turns, and after the turn it will zoom out again to the point I was at.7. Next, not a big deal, but every single time before starting to type a desired address, I have to choose the city, whereas my Garmin would not ask me for a city (only at the end in case same street number and name is present at multiple cities of the same state). So, for me, this is 1 extra step every time, 30 times a day!8. No Password / PIN protection.9. Last, the traffic updates don't work well for me. I did not get a warning at least 3 times for a well known traffic jam - the street was packed with cars, and it was a construction zone (I actually new about this street and always have chosen a different route on my own, because it has been under construction for quite a while now), but the TomTom did not know about this traffic jam and asked me to go right through it! I hear most GPS units's Traffic updates have similar issues, though, so my next GPS unit will be one that does NOT have traffic updates, as they may just confuse you and are not reliable at all! I would just buy a unit that has Lifetime Map updates.(A cheap Garmin one with Lifetime Map updates is the Garmin nuvi 1300LM, and I will probably switch this TomTom for that Garmin unit).Overall, it looks like a great GPS unit, but, in my opinion, it is not. It is feature rich - it has features like speed limit, pronouncing street names, and many more, but where it really matters, this TomTom unit underperforms.It is cheap, you can get it for about $100 at the moment, but for me, this is $100 wasted, better spend $150 for a Garmin unit (with similar features) and at least you know you are getting a good quality product with maps and features that are of a highest rank!Last, I want to say that it may be a good product for most users who don't use GPS units as often as delivery drivers do, and I can see the potential of it on long trips and when driving in cities you are not familiar with, but even in that case, you can use any other GPS unit with same or better results.Hope this review helps everyone, especially people who are comparing GPS units and for delivery drivers!
I actually did quite a lot of research before ordering the XL340TM Live, but apparently, not enough.I had several issues with the unit. I'll list them in reverse order of severity:1) I found no fewer than 5 instances of missing/misplaced streets in my local area. We're not talking about brand-new construction, either. The new roadways have been open to traffice for at least two years now. Google maps show the update, and I've confirmed by checking my old Garmin that TomTom's main competitor has captured these relatively recent road changes in its mapset. TomTom's maps are way behind.2) i got a battery low warning after having the unit on for just over an hour. I understand that the battery life of GPS units isn't usually very good, but that's just not good enough. That might not be more than an annoyance if my windshield weren't so deep, but the supplied charging/data cable isn't long enough to reach from my USB charging port to the unit when it's mounted.3) Several times, after turning the unit on and selecting a destination, it spontaneously reset itself, turning itself off and then back on, requiring me to type in the destination address again.4) The interface lacks the "trip computer" functionality of the Garmin. I knew this when I chose it, but I didn't realize how much I depended on the availability of that data. I missed it a lot.Other than those issues, I liked it fine. The easy-port mount is wonderful (especially when compared with Garmin windshield mounts), and the traffic data was generally pretty accurate and useful. But the low quality of the map overshadows all its good points. I'm returning this one and going back to Garmin.
the lifetime maps you are supposed to get are not lifetime. they go 4 years which tom tom deems is the useful lifetime of the device. garmin is far better than tom tom do not fall for this lifetime jazz it's a lie
Well am not very impressed by the so called "live" services. They give you 3 months introductory services to them and i wish i could get the $3.19 a gallon for gas as it says for my local station, where it is in fact $3.43! It says at the bottom of the screen where the price updates are "updated 5 mins ago" so everything was up to date.So when the 3 month free trial expires, i think that is one service i wont be wasting $20 on.Update May 21 2011, The trial has ended, they STILL want me to cough up $60.00 a year for the SO CALLED FREE TRAFFIC AND MAPS.DO NOT PURCHASE!
I bought this GPS (XL340TM Live) for two features:1) IQ Routes2) MapShare correctionsThe GPS itself is great, but the TomTom Home software was unable to download the Latest Map Guarantee (the GPS was new and not refurbished) and neither was it able to accept and process the lifetime maps activation.Several calls to TomTom tech support were unable to fix the problems with this unit. The TomTom tech support was polite, responsive but not very useful.I ended up returning the unit and purchasing an XL350TM for $20 less. That unit was able to get updated maps and lifetime map code also worked.The LIVE service is SLOW and with the lifetime traffic and my iPhone, it is quite useless.
I bought one last May 2013 to replace the one i purchased a year before thatmalfunctioned. I bought this one to replace the one i purchased in May 2013 that malfunctioned. I have had no luck trying to contact the manufacturer to have the instruments repaired under warrenty. The sound in the last one i purchased in Dec. 2013 does not work properly either. I like the gps as it is easy to use when it works right. If i could get hold of the TrakteQ GPS repair station i would be happy.
This case seems to be well constructed. The fabric is soft and breathable and it's well padded. My iPod Touch slides in easily and stays put securely, despite the case being designed for the thicker iPhone.This concludes the "glowing review" portion of my review. The strap on this case is just far too long to be of any use to anyone I know. I have it folded over and pinned and it's still a bit loose. I offered it to my brother (to wear under his jacket in the winter) and it was too big for him too. The sad thing is, it would have been a simple fix for the manufacturer. Making the velcro strip longer would allow it to be adjusted in to fit most arms.I was so excited to order this when I took up running a few months ago, and am now very disappointed that it is sitting unused. Don't waste your money on this one.
I had the GPS tracking key by Land-Air-Sea before this.  I bought it from an on-line "spy gear" shop.  For whatever reason, I never thought to check amazon for another one.  Instead I went to the LAS site, and looked for a local retailer.  I wanted to get it that day.  So I went to a shop on the LAS site, and the guys there told me they quit making the GPS tracking key, and that this iTrail was the replacement.  So I got it.  Don't buy it, for many reasons:1st- it's a non-replaceable built in rechargeable battery.  For what a tracking device is used for, you need to be able to swap the batteries with fresh ones every week or so sometimes...not hook it up to your computer and let it charge for four hours like this iTrail.2nd- proprietary cable.  You have to have the cable that comes with it to plug it in.  The GPS tracking key from LAS plugs into any USB port without additional cables.3rd- discretion. If anyone finds the device, they will know exactly what it is.  It says iTrail all over it and you can google it on the internet.  The GPS tracking key has no markings.  I scratched all the markings off and removed the stickers.  Now of course I can't return it.4th- it doesn't work very well.  you can't tell if it's on or off half the time. i had it on a vehicle for 4 days, and it missed a ton of the important information i was trying to get. i don't know if the motion sensor is weak, or if it has a hard time locking on to GPS satellites or what, but it totally missed what I needed.  The LAS GPS tracking key misses things once in a while, too, but not this bad.5th- even when it does record data, the output to Google earth isn't very good.  you do a lot of your own calculating.  It tells what time a stop occurs, but doesn't say for how long.  The next piece of information you have is how long the next route was, then the next stop time.  you have to subtract the route length from the next stop time then subtract that from the last stop time to figure out how long the last stop time was.  The GPS tracking key provides all that without additional calculations by you.Not happy.  I'm throwing it in the garbage after I write this review.  Lesson learned.  Get the GPS tracking key.  The guy at the local shop lied.  You can still get it right here on amazon.com.  And it's cheaper than I paid for my original one (I paid $200, amazon's is $131):http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_i_6_16?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords;=gps+tracking+key&x;=0&y;=0&sprefix;=gps+tracking+key
My Husband Needed Something For His GPS To Rest On ,And I Found This ... Not A Very Good Item For His GPS We Had To Place A Round Coaster Inside And Glue It,Just For His GPS (Tom Tom) Would Fit
I bought this sleeve for my new Garmin that did not come with a sleeve.  After it was shipped, the delivery date was about a month out.  Could not believe it.  Wrote a email to the Navitech & found out that it was shipped from the UK.  Went back to the page where I bought it, there was no indication it was coming from the UK.  After digging around and using the link to Navitech's  page, there was and indication that Navitech was a UK based company.  It ended up taking 3 weeks to get here.  The price was right and the shipping was free, but 3 weeks delivery and no indication up front that it would take that long!  Really!There needs to be some indication on the page that one purchases the item that it is coming from a country other than the one in which you reside.  Even eBay does this
Physically the unit is as described, installed easily on compouter.  The program leaves a lot to be desired and some of the problems may be the logger itself.  With the logger on, signalling recieving signal and flat and exposed to a sky view (windshield and open sun roof) it only records one way on a route that's the same path, going both ways (50 miles).  It may or may not show full mileage in the generated report and shows only one direction recorded on map path.  It totally ignores stops (time set for stop duration) and hasn't recorded a stop yet, in 5 uses. I have emailed customer service twice and recieved an acknowledgement of the messages but no answers and no response so far, a weeks time. I've used LandAirSea for a long time and it's much, much better.  Costs less too, the only drawback is use of an outdated street map.
If you can see the thing, you can hear it.  If it's under anything like another piece of luggage, forget it.
This tracker works sometimes good and  sometimes never work , the live of batery is not 48 hours, its maybe 16 hours .The GPS position have a accuracy of 10 meters or more ,  not 5 how  they say.
I buy this product, but really if it works, but the battery lasts a very short, less than two days ... making it a little uncomfortable to be changing it forever. The product works but you have to think about this detail.
I really needed something to track my cats when I moved recently, and the reviews suggested this would do the trick.  The trackers are small enough for a cat, but that is where the positives end for me.The range of this device is laughable.  Most of the time, the indicators only work when I can actually see my cat!Granted, you do need to install fresh batteries from time to time - but even on a full charge, I estimate the range to be about 150-200 feet in a normal neighborhood environment.Sadly, this is easily within the range I can yell 'Here KITTY KITTY!" with just about the same effectiveness.EDIT:  After returning this product, I did some research and found a true radio-based tracking collar that works amazingly.  It's called the "LoCATor". The tracking collar is small with an integrated antenna.  The hand-held device looks like a professional grade animal tracker with a RF receiver mounted onto a pistol grip.  It looks kinda weird with all the antenna array deployed - and I imagine people think I am looking for aliens or peeping into their homes.  At any rate, it will find your pet up to a mile in open sight.  Does not use GPS, so if your cat is stuck in someones basement, it will still work.  Also requires no monthly fee!
MY WIFE COULDN'T FIND THE CAT.  TOO GENERAL OF A DIRECTION TO LOCATION  (OF CAT).  FINALLY FOUND HER THE OLD FASHIONED WAY, BY FINALLY SEEING HER IN ONE OF HER FAVORITE HIDING PLACES.  THIS AFTER 3/4 HOUR WALKING THE PROPERTY.GOOD PRODUCT IDEA - BADLY EXECUTED!J. DOYLE
Although this loca8or does work, I have had so many failures that I find it undependable.  When working it can track and find a missing cat with ease.  I have purchased 3 different units and they come with four tags but one by one they stop working.  I have even returned one unit and it was replaces with no hassles but within 3 months it was not working.  Batteries always fresh but failure rate high. Ended up purchasing a professional model called loCATor which was twice as expensive but has a longer range and works well.
It wasn't until I drove by my dog twice that I realized that the device, when put into search mode, times out after a few seconds.  It doesn't actually search for your lost pet.  It just gives up if he's not right next to you.  Thankfully, this was an experiment, and my wife had him on a leash...I gave it 2 stars because if you were to go around the neighborhood resetting it into search mode over and over again every few seconds, I suppose you'd eventually find your lost pet, but chances are you'd find him yourself before this device did.I sent it right back for a refund.  Chances are you'll do the same if you order it.
I had my Loc8tor Plus for three years.  During the warranty their exchange service was great.  After the warranty expired, the display stopped working.  I contacted Loc8tor and asked for instructions how to return it for repair.  They told me they had NO REPAIR FACILITY but they would give me 10% off the list price for a new system.  Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me!
I have been unable to get GPS data from my GPSMAP to the radio. I called tech support and I got a message saying they were experiencing unusually high call volume and couldn't take my call. No option to hold, no callback, no nothing. I guess the radio is fine as long as you never need any help with it.
Get's the job done but won't take any abuse at all, on the fragile side. I am on my third one in three years. I use them on my motorcycle. I ride on the street not off road. They last about a year. The last one lasted about three months. I have used genuine brands (Garmin) and aftermarket (chinese) and both brands fail after a while.
It does not expand to hold deeper items (like pictured). It will hold a small portable dvd player screen, but not the screen that has the player attached. It also only moves up and down not side to side. It is really limited and not at all what I was looking for. I keep my daughter in the center of the backseat (safest spot) and I bought this with intentions of her being able to watch the screen from there. She can see it but not very well since it is so far over. I didn't get a chance to use it before the 30 day return policy otherwise I would have returned it. If all you want is to be able to mount something to your headrest and leave it stationary, this would probably work for you. Also, it sits pretty far back from the seat so if you are actually sitting in the backseat with it in front of you it will be right in your face (if you have a set up like ours I suppose... we have a Dodge Nitro.
We got this hoping to keep track of our child with special needs and all it does is beep all the time even when he's in the perimeter. We read the poorly written instructions and it doesn't have much to go by as to why it beeps incessantly. We tried changing batteries, changing the setting, and everything the instructions said o do but we still can't figure it out. Right now it sits on our shelf and maybe we will return it if we can't figure it out. Cool item if we CAN get it to work though.
i could not get this unit to work with streets and trips 2005 running on a hp laptop and windows 7 os.
I bought this ANT+ key simply because it was cheaper than the competition and I assumed all adapters would be the same. However, this adapter only works with the mediocre Garmin apps unlike the Wahoo Fitness one which works with many different third party apps. If you only plan to use it with Garmin apps then it serves its purpose otherwise get the Wahoo one.
Purchased this Adapter to use with ANT+ enabled programs/apps. However I learned after purchasing that the Garmin ANT+ only works with Garmin Fit App.  There is an underlying API issue to which the iPhone accesses the hardware of the key, which in turn talks ANT.  Long story short purchase the Wahoo ANT + adapter, that works with all other Apps/training software, unlike the Garmin ANT+ which only working with Garmin Fit App.
Notice when using the Garmin ANT+ adapter with the Garmin FR60 heart rate monitor and it's included chest strap the ANT+ adapter loses connectivity even when wearing the adapter and an iPhone with an arm brace.  Unit works fine when not  monitoring with the watch
The Ant works as advertised.  Recommend Digifit app to monitor and record activity data. Garmin Fit app only works with Itunes sound.  Disables other sound devices on Ipod.  No more pandora, spotify etc whie Fit running.  Fit is cute, but cute faded fast with poor performance.
The iRunner app claims that this is compatible with this ANT in this link  [...] but one of the customer service guys told me it didn't.  A bit confusing.  So i tried it with my iPhone 4, iRunner app & Garmin soft strap HRM.  It worked the first time and for my second run it wouldn't link and that is when I contact customer support and I mailed it back and will order the wahoo ANT that they recommended.
This only works with the iPad.  Very disappointed that I can't take it on the road.  But works fine on the iPad.
Didn't work well with my Garmin 305 Forrunner  Strava combo. I'm returning it. I purchased the Wahoo and it works fine. I love Garmin, this product just didn't work in this combo so well.
Functionally it does what it says along with Garmin's iPhone App Garmin Fit.I don't know if it is GPS or this ANT+ receiver, when I use iPhone (iPhone 4) with Garmin Fit with both GPS and ANT+ at work, a fully charged battery is drained in about 2.5hr.
I have both an iPhone 4s and BB Curve 9330.  The case is well made.  Comfortable and seems to provide an effective shield for water splashes (clearly not waterproof).  The case does have holes that match the iPhone form factor but not the blackberry curve 9330.  The case looks like a winner for the iPhone but not for the BB.I can sorta make it work for my BB, but my major complaint is that the band is very very short.  It's meant for Olive Oil arms.  I would think that the manufacturers of arm bands have considered their target audience.  People who work out have larger arms from either fat that they're trying to lose or muscle that they have gained.  The arm band could easily use 3-4 more inches to accommodate that range.The reason I'm giving two start is primarily due to the arm band length issue - a major flaw in design.
We got this armband for my husband, to use while running with his iPhone which is in an Otterbox.  This thing is HUGE!  Way too big to comfortably run with; it was so big it impeded bending the arm at the elbow (and at 6'2" he's not a short guy). Also, the pouch was so large that the iPhone did not fit securely in it; felt like it would fall out if it wasn't strapped down.
This arm band did not work with my Otterbox Defender. No holes lined up with the headphone jack, and it was very difficult to insert and remove the phone/case.
I bought this armband because it is advertised as fitting the Otterbox Defender case. My iPhone 4s is in an Otterbox Commuter case, which is slightly smaller. I thought this would be a good deal, since some of the reviewers said the item was too snug for the Defender. Well, The phone holder isn't even the size and shape of an iPhone. It's a generic smartphone holder, and my phone in it's Otterbox case, shifted around a lot. I returned this and purchased the Tunebelt for Otterbox, which is exactly what I was looking for in the first place.On the plus side, this appears to be well made, and the armband itself is much longer than the Tunebelt. If you have a giant smartphone, this will probably work fine.
I would say the price is accurate for what it is, I just wanted more quality and I will pay more money for a different one.
Used it in DisneyWorld for 2 1/2 year old,....  it didn't really work and didn't stay on.  Not sure how much of issues were us or product, but I would not buy this... keep your eyes on your kid!
If memory serves me correct it had to come from overseas so be ready for a long shipping time.  When I got it...it broke.  Because of the price...I bought another one.  It broke.
Bought this product back in November 2012 after the original got stuck in the door and broke. Within a few weeks it started falling off the windshield when the GPS wasn't attached, in the process hitting the windshield wiper arm and turning the wipers on. Now it won't stay attached to windshield at all, just falls right off, very bad quality.
radio fit ok  but to big &#34;bulky&#34; way to many snaps hooks junk hanging off it hard to figure out how to secure it
This item is not for the forearm as described.  It did not fit my husband and definitely did not fit me (I am an average sized woman).  Returning.
The iSleeve is not compatible with the iPhone 5, 5S, or 5C. The phones will fit in the sleeve, but you cannot view the entire screen since it is longer on these models. That should be noted in the product description.
The armband is not so bad, and it would be useful for an iPhone 4 or 4s.  But, it is almost impossible to use with an iPhone 5.  I wrongly assumed it was for the iPhone 5.
Yeah because I'd love to pay $100+labor to have far less range than my keyfob. The whole point of SmartStart was to have unlimited range. This bluetooth version gives you less range than your keyfob has!!!!! I suppose if you didn't have a two-way system, giving you feedback on your command via smart phone MIGHT be nice (I still don't think it's worth it). Or maybe using this as a "just in case" you lock the keyfob/keys in the car. You could whip out the phone and unlock the doors. But I mean really..... at what point do you say enough is enough and this is a complete waste of money?!?
I purchased this for my Lumia 920 phone; however, it doesn't really work with it.  The item is a bit too snug for the Lumia phone, making it difficult to put in and even more difficult to finally take it out. The confines of the band cause the touch screen to do odd things (turn off music, shut off running apps - which means that you will have difficulty taking this on a run).Also there is no access to buttons along the right side of the phone (meaning that you have to pull out the phone just to simply turn on the screen).The vent holes at the bottom do not line up to the built-in speakers AND the vent holes at the top do not line up to the audio out (meaning that it's quite useless to listen to music).I'm sure that the armband works wonders for other phones, but if you have a Nokia Lumia, think twice.It was cheap enough so I'll just regift it one of these days.
Bought this for my Razr M and the pouch is far too large. Plus, the bezel around the screen is almost an inch at the corners, which adds a lot of bulk.
I'll keep this short and sweet. This thing is fairly bulky (compared to the SPI belt I typically use) though my biggest problem with it is that it's not made specifically for the iPhone 5. It's made to fit that and a host of enormous Android devices like the Galaxy S III. That said, the pouch it sits in is quite a bit larger than the phone itself and it is difficult to use the touchscreen because it's so loose.If I were Tune Belt, I would design one specifically for the iPhone 5 and another for the Galaxy S III. Both have large enough addressable markets that it's worth making a product uniquely fit for the device versus a one-size-doesn't-fit-all approach.
I bought this for my son to use while he's working out (doing PT each morning - he's in the Army National Guard). Was E-X-T-R-E-M-E-L-Y disappointed at the size! For it to fit, I think he would have to be a very small, 97lb girl! The only place he can put it on his arm is below the elbow...NOT going to be buying these type of items unless it's in person from now on.
It was a comfortable band, perfect size for my razr w case. However, ahole formed in a seam after 5 trips to the gym.
The Velcro stitching broke the first day I used it that's the only problem I have had so far with it.
Fairly cheap.  My velcro strip started to tear away from the band after about a dozen uses.  I have it on the sidelines to use in emergencies.  I have moved to a waist band and use a blue tooth headset for running.  Wouldn't buy this again.
Stitching is coming apart around Velcro strap. Not well made. Poor quality. Would not recommend buying this item. Thinking about returning this item.
This product works great for what is for, however when they made the key holder pocket they missed the mark.  They should have used the extra durable part where the key holder is to attach the strap.  I have used this product twice and the strap is already ripping.  They should get rid of the key holder and extend the strap to resolve the issue of the strap tearing.
I would have liked something that would have been much sturdier.  It only comes with two sized holding arms that are padded. I was not able to find where I could order additional L arms with different lengths and for replacements. I've already lost 2 of them.  If anyone has any idea where to get them, please let me know.  I gave it a two star because of the stability issue and the fact I cannot find their info for replacement L arms.
It is cute, small, looks like a toy, not a real phone. My kid was super excited to get it. But... I wish it would work...First of all, this phone requires 2G sim card only. It is in its manual and I wonder why no seller all over the internet cared to mention it. Well, in most cases 3G sim would still work on 2G phones but at 2G speed and features. Which is fine considering this phone purpose. Although 2G network is mostly dismantled everywhere, I am not sure exactly how it all works. Nevertheless, I added a line to my family plan, got new sim card and tried to make this phone work. Speech quality is ok. But without any obvious reasons this phone was shutting off. This is very weird, if you know that it does not even has on-off buttons and only inserting a battery turns it on, and removing it (or complete discharging) turns it off. Battery door then should be secured by a tiny screw. So every time (like every 5 min) I had to open it and take out/put in the battery. Also GPS works veeeeeery slow, if at all. Understandably - mostly inside a house, considering that this is not a hi-tech device etc.. But this was not a big plus of course, since this is the feature I really needed to work very good, not poorly. Broken English messages when you get a notifications about its location are just a little annoyance, could live with them if the phone works good. Also there is a website provided in the manual ([...]) which should give you an access to manage the phone. It asks for IMEI and has a temporary password for your first login. Cool, but I was never been able to login, ever. No troubleshooting helped. Not convenient at all. And again - if it is provided as a feature - it should work. It does not.I am returning this phone. Thinking about giving it one more try by ordering another one, in case I got a defective unit... Not sure yet. It looked just perfect for my needs - GPS location, limited list of numbers with two-way calls, SOS, monitoring feature, unlocked and could be added to your current plan with any provider. Very sorry it did not work...
I put the windshield mount in my 1993 Explorer on Sunday, and it worked correctly, staying attached to the glass. By Tuesday afternoon, the GPS was laying on the floor when the outside temperature warmed up. I tried to reattach it and the mount wouldn't stick by itself, let alone with the GPS on it. I inspected the suction cup and found that the movable rubber piece that attaches directly to the suction cup itself had torn and disconnected from the cup. It is not repairable.I suppose I got my money's worth, but I expected it would last at least a week... :-(
while the shade is very large, it does cut off the sides of my Magellan RV9365T-LMB 7&#34; GPS.I am thinking about returning this and trying a different one
Received this in a timely manner But it does not work as a gps locator like it advertise so if you are looking for a gps locator you may want to look for something els.
The gps doesnt work in Brazil. This product really didnt work. I lost my time and i lost my money. This product needs to be removed from amazon...
Getting it in through th email was exhilerating. Once I received it I opened it up and charged as directed. All of the programs were fun to use but when I went to scroll up, the button never worked ( upper right hand button). With that happening I was unable to &#34;pan out&#34; on tracks that I would try to review. Big diassapointment. I chose to have it replaced by amazon.
I love the watch and the features, however, the battery life was a deal breaker for me. I read numerous good reviews on this watch so I may have had a lemon.
1. I have problem to sync with the their web portal.  Wrote for help, and no response.2. It said &#34;two way text&#34; capability: but it is only for phone only.  You can set up many address in the portal, but it doesn't work for email address.  They can't reply after receiving your text.  Asked their help desk, and no response. Only received a auto reply that someone will contact me. So far, 5 days, no one responded yet.3. The bottom line, the product can't be used at all, even as a GPS, without activation and pay a monthly fee first.  And then you have to manually stop every month on the &#34;Freedom&#34; program.  So think twice if you need a GPS or a two way texting device.I am disappointed at all the hype of this &#34;new&#34; and &#34;only one&#34; product.
It has great mapping features - I love how it lays your location over the map (which includes trails). About 50% of the time the messages can take 15 - 30min to send. Sometimes they don't go out for hours. Only seems to work well in WIDE open line of sigh - like a 20 stall parking lot. Don't expect this to work if your suddenly immobilized and cannot walk around to get a signal. You will likely have to walk around a bit until the unit can lock on a satellite - the sending and receiving messages is annoyingly slow.Don't assume this is a quick response emergency system - as in you fall, break your leg, pull out the InReach and your saved. Unless this happens in a wallmart parking lot, expect to move around to find a signal.
Tried to activate device, tried to change credit card info and plan...can't do anything!  Call support, this emergency device support is closed weekends, no email help, nada, zip.If I ever get it set-up and support help, I might consider updating review.UPDATE - Well finally got it to register...as for tech support, still no help correcting plan registration.  It does exactly what it said it does, but look at plans before you buy as it has no value without paying for services.  That said, I was well aware of all the other issues before buying and no problems with the strings attached.  Sadly, if there is going to be such an update, tech support should work that time as customers will get frazzled.  This device is not a product but a service and I would guess more than 50% users are weekenders like myself.I will be putting it through it's paces at inter-coastal this weekend and will update review again.  At least their marketing people were quick to reply.  Now if customer service were as fast.  I have doubled my rating to 2 star...just because so one in marketing at least tries to get a feel for what people are saying.
The range of this inside my home is way too short. Moving 15-20 feet from the phone into the next room causes it to disconnect. And I guess there is no support from the manufacturer. I emailed their help desk last week about the short range to see if there was anything I could do to improve the range and they never responded. I'll be returning this back to Amazon.